---
title: "cc_2023-01-31"
date: 2023-01-31
duration: 51m
duration_seconds: 3116
vimeo_id: 794598444
folder: "2023 Copy Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-01-31

**Date:** 2023-01-31 | **Duration:** 51m | **Folder:** 2023 Copy Calls

---

All right. So today gang I I want to go through a topic that I've been spending a lot of time lately really thinking about and we're gonna be talking about how marketing needs to adapt needs to change as a Marketplace evolves. And so I wouldn't really call today a teaching. I think I would really call today just kind of presenting some thoughts and ideas and hoping for a bit of discussion with with you guys and and gals and so I'm gonna share my screen I'm gonna give a little context to kind of where I'm coming from here and then we'll start to go down my list one at a time and and then discuss them some may need or warrant a lot of discussion some may need or warrant very little if any discussion. So let me pull this up.

the screen over here and then let me just pull this up. Okay, so to give a little context, so right so we know that markets evolve markets evolve over time groups of prospects evolve over time. We know that you know, and we could look at extreme examples of markets like, you know, the the internet marketing World there was a time when how to make money on the internet was you know was wildly compelling right there what there was there was a time even before the internet when it was like, you know how to make money from your home computer and and stuff like that and that was wildly compelling at the time and we know that today messages like that would are really no longer compelling to the masses. It's not to say that they're not compelling to anybody but they're no longer compelling to the to the masses and that's kind of one example one area of how markets evolve and change. We know that some markets go from really being these green brand new markets with very little competition to markets that are wildly saturated and crowded and the approach and you know techniques and strategies and tactics that marketers in the crowded and saturated Marketplace need to use as often very different from those same things in a brand new, you know, Green Marketplace and so look some markets evolve quickly some markets, as you know, evolve slowly Sometimes some parts of markets change quickly or some aspects of the market change quickly where where like for example the Financial education space we know that every week There's a new story on the news and one week.

It could be the you know, everything is going great next week. It's the FED is Raising interest rates the week after that. There's a war the week after that. It's you know, the whole thing is collapsing the week after that. Everything is great.

And so there are these rapid rapid changes. And of course these rapid changes in a Marketplace change the the sentiment change the psychology change the Outlook change the Viewpoint change the concerns issues problems. What's on the top of the mind for the marketplace and then therefore obviously needs to carry over to to marketers and so right there's just a lot of of kind of of these different aspects of change that we have to take into account the thing that I really to give the extreme example before or the stream the extreme kind of explanation before we dive into the first thing on my list is is right. Reality that right. You can't expect to Market exactly the same to a Marketplace that you did.

Let's say, you know, let's call it 10 years ago, even if you were wildly successful 10 years ago, you can't expect to to do everything the exact same way and say the exact same thing that you were 10 years ago and expect to get the same results because the marketplace has evolved because people have changed because people have become more sophisticated because outlooks have changed so many different reasons. And so that's really the backdrop that I I want to go through this list and really and really talk about this is by no means an exhaustive list. This is kind of the first pass that I've really taken in terms of my thinking we certainly can get into more. More business principle type of stuff but we're gonna leave that off because this is really for me marketing. And so let's just talk about some of those marketing adaptations the things that that we control and need to pay attention to as a market matures evolves and so on the first one for me and I think most of these if I believe that for you guys that if if I asked you to come up with a list your list would be very similar to this.

I believe that we would we would we would see a lot of crossover here. And so the first one in no particular order is content and the topics that we are talking about right the topics that we're leveraging from a marketing perspective. And so like, you know, sometimes content needs to change or the the topics that we're talking about need to change because the market has become more sophisticated meaning like right. We you know, let's say there was a time when it was like there was a time when I paid like a thousand bucks to learn how to put video online. Right, like fit like I I don't remember how long ago it was 15 years ago or something like that what I actually paid a thousand, I believe it was a thousand dollars.

I got like in a 12 DVD set. It was 12 DVDs to learn how to put video online and back then you needed 12 DVDs to understand how to convert stuff and put it online. It was it was crazy. Right just like there was a time when there was education on how to put up web pages, right? And and you I remember getting started there was no content Management Systems.

There was no word press there was no click funnels. There were none of those things. We were doing it with front page some people the more advanced people were using Dreamweaver, right or I believe it was dream. We were I was using front page. Um, Teddy probably even remembers those days of my guy wearing it certainly mean a guy bring it and and you know, And whatnot, but right and so the point is that in those in those examples, right?

And those are very those are legit examples. There was a time when like I said I paid to learn how to put a video that type of content that topic right? You don't need that anymore, right? You don't need that anymore. The market is evolved.

The market is evolved because tech tech is evolved because of the you know, like for whatever reason right for all all those different reasons. We don't need to That opportunity to sell and monetize that is is not the same anymore and there are so many different. There are so many different examples that I can pull from with content, you know, some ideas just die. They're not right. They just die.

They're not as attractive anymore to the marketplace. They're not as they're not viewed as compelling anymore interesting anymore. People aren't migrating towards them. We also know that there are new topics and New pieces of content that come on people's radar and then occupy a tremendous amount of their Focus right now. We we know what it is right now who could throw out what's the main topic that's chewing up.

So many people in our space in the in the online marketing space. What is it AI? Oh, I mean only took the first person to get that right? Like we see how everybody is is right. And so the point is That like what you you know, you have to be sensitive to um is the are the the topics and the content that I was talking about three years ago are those are those topics and is that content still wildly compelling and wildly attractive right and it might not be for multiple reasons.

I'll give you another little example. Um, I and that is there was a time when If You released marketing training, uh strategies tactics from behind the walls of Agora. It was viewed as Priceless as right. It was it was rare. You couldn't get it anywhere was the mysterious it was the 800 pound gorilla that everybody wanted to to learn about right?

It was the you know for lack of a of a better phrase. It was the Bigfoot. It was the Sasquatch only few people have ever seen the, you know claim to to see me and today, you know, it doesn't hold that same mistake anymore and it doesn't hold that same level of Mystique anymore for lots of different reasons that we don't even need to get into. So the point is that right like that's an example of you know of content that okay. I have to be aware that that doesn't hold the same weight that it used to and so Times you've got to recognize that things that were wildly compelling, you know that were wildly interesting that were needed that people needed to know or wanted to know that a year later.

It might it might not meet any of that criteria anymore. It might not be any of those things anymore. And that's why sometimes products get sunseted right like products get put on the shelf and we either use them as bonuses or gifts or goodies or we don't do anything with it anymore because it right it it the the topic the content is just is dated. It's old. It's right.

It's it's no longer valuable. And so anybody have anything that they would add to that. Pretty straightforward, right? Yeah straightforward. Okay, right in line with that and I think that this is kind of where most people go where I often go to with marketing adaptations as Marketplace markets of all is of course the marketing ideas and hooks right and this is something that we've talked about.

You know add nauseum this idea that I mean, like look what you know a compelling Hook six months ago isn't necessarily a compelling hook today. You've got to keep your finger on the pulse of the market, right? Because people's fears change their beliefs change their perspectives change their opportunities change what they're being promised changes the problems that they have change and and and whatnot. And for all of these reasons and more right? You've got to make sure that you keep your finger on the pulse.

We always have to keep our finger on the pulse to really understand. What are the ideas. What are the hooks? What are the angles that are gonna get attention? This is not something that like you ask yourself one time make a list of those hooks angles ideas flush them out and then work off of that list for the next three years.

It doesn't work that way because those those ideas could have been great. Write six months ago doesn't mean that they're great today for a variety of different reasons. And so this is one of those things that every time you work on a campaign you really have to go back and really, um go through if not the full examination process the five examination process. You certainly need to go back and really dive into prospects and what do they believe and what do they seeing and what do they want and what are their feelings and all those things that we we, you know, we've talked about And we've gone through and so right marketing ideas and hooks, uh, man in some markets rapidly in other markets slowly but these are things that like over time. They've got to adapt these bad boys.

Anybody have anything to add to that. I don't have anything to add. I'm just you know, I get this question so many times from our clients and you know, what are they? How do they do that? How do they keep their finger on the pulse of their their Market?

You know what I mean? Yeah, because it Slips Away fast. I mean if you're you look away for a second and things change. Yeah. So like what do you do?

Is there anything specifically that you do to keep you know tabs on on You know the marketing world. Yeah, I mean I pay attention to I'm in the market. I'm engrossed in the market, right? And so like I pay attention to I pay attention to the most popular marketers out there. I pay attention to when I see an up-and-commer and up and coming marketer meaning when I see let's say somebody that is starting to get attention from other people and I could see now their name is being mentioned a little bit more and more.

I'll pay attention to what it is that they're doing oftentimes. I'll subscribe to their email if they've got an email list. I'll like there, um, their Facebook page or their their Facebook group. I'll pay attention to their ads. I'll visit there, um there, uh, you know their website or ideally their funnel, you know, their father their their campaign pages so that I can start to get retargeted if they're doing any kind of retargeting sometimes right I'll you know, and I do this quite often.

I'll buy a product. It with some of these folks so that I can get on there there back end. I I also I pay attention to the conversations in some different Facebook pages and I bounce around right so I'm not like right but I I'll look at some of the more the or the Facebook groups, excuse me, the more popular ones and sometimes you know, there are some groups that are that attract lower level some that attract kind of mid level some that attract Affiliates some that attract more advanced marketers and I pay attention to that and I'm I'll pay attention to what are the topics that get a lot of comments. What are the topics that that are being repeated over and over again? What are the problems that people are having where that and they're saying it in in a post or in comments or am I am I seeing questions that get asked over and over and over and over again, I pay attention of course to the ads that get displayed on you know on on social media as well as On YouTube and what I'm paying attention to like what I'm looking at the bigger picture, I'm not looking at like what did this person say in the first three seconds of their video?

What was there that's not like I'm not paying you know, what was the font that they used on the that's not what I'm paying attention to the bigger. Like all right is the is what's the problem that this that this is appealing to like what what's the problem that they're kind of either explicitly promising to solve or there, you know implying that they're gonna they're gonna solve what's the promise that they're presenting? Right? Are they presenting any kind of you unique mechanism or unique opportunity. I'll pay attention to the you know, is this a change in any way in the typical marketing strategy or tactic or is this you know, they're sending people to a lead magnet and blah so I'm just very in tune with right and I would say that I look at some.

Aspect of what it is that I just rattled off every day. So not a day goes by that. I'm not I'm not you know, like taking at least 15 minutes to just be a fly on the wall, you know be a student B and observer be a creeper, you know what I mean? Like in creep around and see what can I learn and see from just creeping got it. Thanks.

Yep. Yeah, and I was my next question. How much time do you spend but you answer that so and that right there is why these calls are gold Jesus like that. This is like in five minutes that was such a deep dive on the whole examination. It's just like and it's crazy.

But you know, and I know you do that amount of work and it's crazy how many people don't. Yeah, I mean, I I think you know you that and I I mean I I think you know, you're so spot on Teddy. You know, I think I I really don't find it to be a whole lot of work. I think that you know, it's like look, you know, if you you know, like look if you know you you think about it if you let's say observed your observed your neighbor for 15 minutes a day, right? Like that's it.

You just observed your neighbor, you know, you are, you know, nothing creepy, but you are you know, you were people on your your neighbor in a non creepy way for 15 minutes a day. Oh, you're eventually gonna start to see patterns. You're gonna start to see like wow, they're they're getting older or they're they're getting fit or they met somebody new or they're they're less active or they're spending more time in front of the TV, like right, you're gonna you're gonna pick it up over over time, right? And so it's it's almost you're they're the value is is more in the consistency like this why I said you got to keep your finger on the pulse of the market not don't just get a pulse on the market, but you got to keep your finger on the pulse of the market because right because things change and this is why I believe I believe that you know, I'm able to while I've been wrong many times with split tests. And I think this this, you know fonts gonna crush this one and it doesn't that like I've been wrong many many times with um with with split tests, but I'm pretty darn good at being able to say no the market like, yes, the Market's gonna love that.

No, the Market's not gonna gonna love this or yes. This is gonna be hot. No, this is not because I just believe that I understand. I I I'm able to see what they're seeing what they're hearing what they're responding to. Um, what's getting more attention.

What's getting less attention? What's kind of going up in terms of Buzz? What's going down in terms of Buzz what's being talked about as a huge thing? What's no longer being talked about as a huge thing? Right?

Like that's all the gold that we need comes from the comes from being a student of the market and so keeping your finger on the pulse of the market and so let's go on. To the next one and all of these I mean like even this next one I already I already mentioned I think most of these I've already mentioned but we're gonna break it out as as separate because they they can be and should be addressed or oftentimes adapted separately, but it's problems targeted and solved right? And so what are the problems that we are addressing right because problems change in a Marketplace the problems the obstacles the pain points change, you know any in markets that are growing and expanding. Uh in a big way meaning they're growing and expanding in terms of the people involved in the marketplace the vendors that are coming into and participating in the marketplace what you see is ideally over time, right? What do you see you see new solutions that are addressing either new problems or old problems in a better way.

Right, that's ultimately what happens and that's right. And then you know, we we've got we at one point there was you know, there was front page you had a code to put put up pages and then their WordPress content Management systems that came out that made it super easy to write and then there you know you there was the lead pages right where there were these templates that you could use and fill fill in and that was even easier right all addressing the same kind of you know, the same kind of problem, right if you will putting a page and then we've got like click funnels and then the pure dragon drop where it's like just drag whatever you want on the page and put it wherever you want. Um, right all of these are new Solutions better solutions to a problem the the, you know, problems evolve problems change some problems in a Marketplace disappear some new problems arise as things occur in the marketplace. Sometimes new technology brings about New problems right? And so what you were solving?

What you were solving a year ago or two years ago or three years ago might no longer be um, and an issue. It also may just no longer be that big of an issue. Right? So the issue might not have been solved in the marketplace, but it might not be this huge pressing issue anymore for the market. And so therefore if you're continuing to go after that that problem or to solve that problem, it's not gonna be as a compelling or valuable the solution that people don't look at the problem as severe the way they used to and so the point is that you've just got to recognize like look the problems that people have in some markets can change over time doesn't mean that they always will and it doesn't mean that in every Market they will right, but, you know, I'll tell you that certainly in our world of helping entrepreneur.

Grow with with effective marketing my gosh problems change right like problems change there was there was a time when you know moons many moons ago where they're like, no one talked about compliance on you know with ads there was no there was no fear. There was no concern right with compliance like no we never even talked about compliance. You know what I mean? Like there was not not a thought. It wasn't on anybody's radar.

I don't even know back then if these companies had a compliance Department. I really don't right and so right that was not an issue and then it became an issue and then we saw that there was a huge issue of people getting their their Facebook accounts band and you know and blah blah, right that was a new issue that didn't exist at one point and in time and so then therefore that became A pain point for many folks and so but makes sense. Right anybody have anything to add to that. I'm just gonna say, you know, like if the other thing to be aware about that is is it kind of fits in there perfectly just the timing right? Like look I was talking about AI stuff and if they live in 2016 that was it was way too early and even even two months ago.

If you had put out a an AI prompts guide like nobody would have been interested chat GPT. It's a scene all of a sudden that's all everybody wants is prompts. Yeah, right. Yeah amazing how getting the timing right is important too. Yeah.

Well said I mean timing is so I mean, it's obvious, you know, that that's one of those things where you know, man it's you know, it's take the take the whole timing aspect and bring it over Teddy to options and and equities and you realize man. You know, it's something it's something there's some aspect of it that's locked. You know what I mean? You get lucky and you're at you make the right move at the right at the right time, but Teddy is absolutely spot on that. There's you know, there's some stuff that you could be too early.

You could also be too late and I would say that a I would say that a lot of marketers are often too late to the game with with certain things. And so but different conversation for a different day. Let's go to the next one. The next one is just general promises and claims and my gosh this in this in and of itself can be so so deep in that, you know, of course, right the you could see on on a high level that you know certain promises were exciting four years ago an hour Marketplace or five years ago and are no longer exciting today, right? So there was a time when it was, you know, how to get Facebook fans, right or I'll get you'll get Facebook fans and that was wildly exciting right there was a time when it was like, you know, um, get you know, get emails, you know, get emails get emails showing up in your inbox was wildly exciting and compelling today people want the opposite and so right the the point is that, you know, promises and claims evolve based on what the a place wants I would also add right in the spirit of going a little bit deeper in terms of How I think about this, so of course I think about like well, what's the promise that's going to excite folks.

What's the promise that like, you know, what is the promise that's gonna excite folks knowing that markets evolved. They evolve based on what others are promising them. Right? And so now if you've got, you know, if you if you were promising them how to get 10,000 Facebook fans and now everybody and their brothers promising a hundred thousand Facebook fans. Oh that's tough to compete with that if everybody else is promising 10x what you're you're promising point being that you just have to be aware of that.

You have to know like how good how compelling. Um, how bold is your promise not based on your own opinion or feeling right? But how looking looking at it through the lens of the marketplace right knowing that they're hearing other promises and they're hearing other claims and how does this measure up? Right? How does this how does this measure up?

That's not a green. Green light to just say whatever it is that you want or promise whatever it is that you want so that you have a better promise than everybody else, right? Because if you if you can't ethically um, truthfully promise more than you shouldn't and then we need to change some other things so that you can compete but the point is you need to be aware of what promises your your prospects are are hearing the other thing that I think about that little Nuance factor, is that sometimes as markets evolve. The um, the lower level the smaller promises become compelling right like the the story of how Gary Benz of anger. One of the greatest copyrighters came out with a a headline that became a control for many years how to get rich slowly.

While everybody else and their brother was kind of get rich quickly and right and why because the marketplace reached a point where they became very skeptical and jaded of those get rich fast, you know, get rich quick, um pitches, right? Can you believe there was a time when the get-rich quick pitches were worked like they did they write like they worked right? They worked when nobody had heard him before they do but and but over time when people right they responded they they were let down they the the promises weren't fulfilled on right and so sometimes right is This Promise, um going to trigger that disbelief in the prospect is that is This Promise so big so similar to what they've heard even in language and feel invad that it's gonna potentially trigger that BS meter. Um, that's something to think about right and that's something that I that I often think about. I've actually talked we've talked about this before the idea right where I said in our Market specifically I am a believer today.

I wasn't this wasn't always the case because I don't believe that it was always appropriate in softening stuff up because I believe that the marketplace is sophisticated enough to be able to spot or call BS. Right see when you when you've got a very unsophisticated and I don't say that as a be disrespectful, but when you've got an unsophisticated kind of very novice very new Marketplace not many are calling BS because they're not sophisticated enough to be able to spot BS to feel BS, right but as markets evolved and they're exposed to more and more marketing messages and promises and claims right in there. They have been let down they are a little bit jaded, right? They are a little bit educated. They get the game.

They know what's going on. They're not naive they start to And there there stay they become more sensitive to the copy and that's why I you know, I I really believe that they're what there was a time when that highly aggressive direct response style, you know, jealously guarded, you know steroid like results copy that that approach it was effective, right? It was affected. That's not it right. I I remember I did it right it was effective and then over time as people became more educated more in tune right more aware more as they became more experienced with offers and whatnot that changed right that change for the masses.

I'm not saying for every single human being but for the masses, so the point is we've got to often be aware of does the promise that we're making need to be adapted changed for any one of those reasons that we talked about anybody have anything to add to that? No, good. All right. Next one is emotional triggers and really what I mean and I'm gonna I'm gonna speed it up here because I don't want a two-part this Emotional triggers meaning right like look the emotion the the dominant resident emotion to use the title that of the late great plate make peace gave it the dominant resident emotion that changes in a marketplace, right? Like meaning the dominant resident emotion is that is the chief kind of overarching emotion that a Marketplace has or the the segment that you're attracting the segment of the marketplace that you're tracking has when they're coming into your campaign.

It could be one of anxiety or you know, distraught disappointment fear. Let's say if let's say we're in the financial market and we're you know, we're talking about inflation recession getting clobbered, you know, your retirement getting wiped away right that, you know fear obviously, sometimes that changes that changes as Marketplace sentiment changes that changes if you know if we weren't talking about inflation and and we weren't talking about recession. Weren't talking about those things right the smart, right and those things didn't exist. Let's say to the magnitude that they did today. Right?

Well the sentiment of the market would be different and that's why the emotional sentiment the emote did the psychological state right of the marketplace would be different and that's why we would use a different hook right? If you really think about it, you know, it almost seems common sense. Like, of course it you know, like look if if we were, you know, if if there wasn't this, you know inflation talks of recession Wars all this kind of craziness portfolios getting wiped out blah blah and it was all good news. Well, then we wouldn't be using a fear based. Um approach we'd be using more of a green based approach and so we wouldn't be tapping into fear.

We'd be tapping into great. Yeah, all of that is exactly what I'm saying, but you need to pay attention to that right? Some of these are short-term changes right in some of these are long-term changes, right? So some of these are short term and some of these are our long term so questions can can change General emotions can change Markets can go from being overwhelmed to being motivated excited. Right?

They can go from being overwhelmed to on the verge of quitting right? There's a lot of you know, they could go from being super excited to Super skeptical and jaded right? Like there was a time look at the crypto market right? Look at the right the crew there was a time when it was everybody it was all you know unicorns and candy and everybody was thrilled right and everybody trusted everything right and now the trust level right for Outsiders, maybe not Teddy, but the trust level you know for you know Outsiders is like, you know, you see a scams the you know, this that I'm nervous right see emotional right what you're tapping into right might need to evolve might need to rather than be getting early and be a pie in the air who makes all the money and clock. Well, maybe that's not appropriate anymore in the marketplace right?

Because maybe now we need to leverage fear. We need to Leverage. Safety, right? We need to leverage security. We need to leverage predictability in what it is that we're talking about to make people feel more comfortable.

And so emotional triggers, right the the general emotional state and therefore the emotional triggers that we use have to adapt and change over time. Next is Speed and ease and what I mean by this is that what was considered fast and what was considered easy two years ago May no longer be considered fast and easy today right in other words, you know, what was once an incredible breakthrough and just think about this it right? I don't care you you can figure out a market to apply apply it to what was once an incredible breakthrough in speed and ease eventually becomes the norm Right eventually becomes the norm. And then right what happens is we look for the next breakthrough and so right like it's amazing how right like today right and some of you might might remember this certainly Michael and I and maybe teddy as well definitely not Adidas because we're the older Michael me Michael and Petty are the older group. But right like it's amazing when people are like, yeah, I've got slow internet, but remember the days of modem when it was like 300 Broad and you were dialing up like a BBS right in the thing took you 30 minutes to get online right with AOL or whatever it was back, you know or before even AOL, right?

And so see how it's all relative, right? It's all relative. And so the point is that what we what we once considered a breakthrough in speed and ease might not be a might not be wildly attractive anymore. And so we've got to start to think about what does Marketplace today view as easy knowing what it is that they that they're that they're doing right? Like it's it's crazy to think right today like that.

There are people that'll look at click funnels and say there's got to be an easier way to put up web pages. What do you what do you freaking want? Yeah. Here's an easier way hire an agency. Like what else do you want done?

Like it's so easy, but it's all relative. And so the point is that you've got to pay attention to that like what the marketplace today is become accustomed to in terms of speed and ease makes sense. Absolutely. Okay. Next is the quality of offers, right?

And I'm going to Breeze through these last I think three. But so quality of offers and what I mean by that is we could just say, you know offers offers evolve in a Marketplace because usually usually not always but and a lot of this applies to my thinking in our Market, okay, so right our Market is filled with Savvy direct response marketers many that are that are super sharp, you know, really good marketers long time students of marketing. Well, like what happens and what should happen in a market filled with vendors like that that offers improve that somebody looks at right? What what do we say? What are we talk about with a sin offer first?

You know the the S Superior. I want to Superior offer, right? And so how do you make it Superior or I should really say Superior to what superior to the others superior to the offer that others are making and so what that means is that over time rightly, so we should see an improvement in the quality of the offer right? So there was a time. Was you know?

There was um, you know, get the book get your book right book only whatever 1499 order a book online 1499. Then it became get the book free plus shipping right? Remember we all remember those days of free plus shipping and it was like, whoa my gosh, that's a crazy offer. That's over the top free plus shipping and then it became right free plus and then it became like right you got a Bonus with it like in all the audio version, right? And today.

It's like you get seven hundred dollars worth of digital courses and training materials and we're guilty of this, you know as well and it's still free plus shipping and there's a triple your money back guarantee and it's we'll send you a box of brownies and it's crazy. Right? And so you see this evolution of offers and if you don't pay attention to it and you're not aware of it, well what could go from being a wildly compelling offer eight months ago today could be a well. That's a terrible offer terrible compared to what terrible compared to everything else and remember that that's an important part. We're not only like a big part of of what it is that we're trying to construct when we're engineering and putting together.

Our offers right is it's Superior Superior to what else is being offered the other offers out there. So we're not just assembling these offers in a vacuum. We're doing it based on what prospects have seen because again, what prospects think is a great offer today likely in a year from now is gonna be like a that's so so offer right because improvements right because improvements and so I'll never forget when I used to many many moons ago in a prior life work for a health club company and we add the health club company there were like three different memberships. It was like 900 down 600 down or 99 down something like that right today. That's what nobody does that anymore.

Nobody does those prices anymore right today? You can join gyms for like eight bucks a month or something like that. It's crazy. And so the point is that if you were operating isolation and didn't stay on top of that shift and change in offer structure. You could very quickly get left behind in terms of the quality of your offer one of the most valuable or one of the most critical elements of a marketing campaign.

Next is a marketing tactics. The last two are marketing tactics and overall marketing strategy. And so, you know, let me let me say this that marketing tactics. So as I want to be careful here because I don't want to you know, I don't want to scare anybody nor do I want to send anybody down the the wrong path? So my when I say marketing tactics in this context I'm talking about so sometimes number one and we've talked about this before there are things that um that the marketplace learns That it's a marketing tactic, right?

They they start to they know what's coming next the marketplace as a whole becomes educated because they see the marketing tactics so much right there were pattern interrupts that became patterns, right? There were pattern interrupts at one point that became patterns where people eventually because they were used so much when the marketplace saw them they recognized what they were and they knew what was coming next. And so when things get used when unfortunately when things become a best practice and it's widely used and commonly used and regularly used that's usually when it's Effectiveness begins to where I shouldn't even say begins to dwindles. It really does. That's when you need to change to a different pattern interrupt and so um, so we've talked about this with you know, the the idea of um, Of using strategy sessions to get people on the phone, right?

Well the strategy session is a tactic, right? We know that having sales conversations for businesses that have sales conversations that that's a that's a viable strategy. Of course. That's of course two people talking one who's a salesperson and one or consultant and one who is a prospective buyer. That's a valuable thing.

Right? But the tactic of the strategy session to bring about that conversation well in sometimes that could be um, that could become a pattern that could become like the marketplace is resistant to that because they've seen it from so many people because they've experienced it and they've been pitched and they've been uncomfortable therefore that's when we need to start to think about. Well, what is another tactical way to bring about those sales conversations. It's not to say we don't abandon the strategy you you For a different tactical way to execute the strategy just like we know that a pattern interrupt a pattern interrupt is a strategy how you tactically do it how you tactically interrupt a pattern changes and evolves because it's all about what is the pattern for the market today therefore, right. How do we interrupt that?

Right? But what was once a pattern interrupt can very easily become a pattern we have to be sensitive to that to change up the The tactic and so sometimes right we've got to you've got to look at at those things and you've got to you've got to evolve. You've got to adapt you don't just continue to bang your head against the wall. If you see that a particular tactic is now spotted. It's known it's commonplace.

I've often said a known tactic is a blown tactic. That's that a known tactic is a blown tactic if your Market knows what you're doing, right? Like if they if they know what you are doing then fine. We need to find a different way a savier way a stealth way and implicit way right a different way. You still use the same you could still use the same strategy, but you got to find a different way to implement.

Um, and then the the last one was just you know, like look sometimes And and this is probably a conversation for a different day or maybe not even at all to to get to get into because this can become the you know, a three day this can become a Gilligan tours. I like to say a three hour Adventure, but the you know, sometimes you got to adapt the overall marketing strategy, right? You got to you know, you got to adapt the overall the overall marketing strategy. I mean, you know, I would say that this should be the last thing for the majority of folks that get get these recordings to even think about but I had to put it on the list because I've been through it I've seen it and sometimes like the strategy is just not you know, the overall Market. It's just not no longer appropriate.

Excuse me, for whatever reason, right? It could be technology changes. It could be for a lot of different reasons. But so that's my that's my list of things that I've begun thinking about in terms of of changes. And this has been you know, this has been on my mind a lot lately realizing that you know that you know, you you can certainly get left behind in a market if you don't adapt and it's not about what you know, you can long for the old days right you can long for the days when you know you I long for the days man where we can sell an e-book for 19 dollars and we could have a profitable campaign on the front end with no upsells and downsells you could long for those days of old and and while you're sitting there you'll go out of business if you don't recognize that you need to adapt and evolve and change and it all comes from keeping your finger on the pulse of the market.

And so anybody have any the words Um just that it sneaks up on you. One of our one of our clients is You know 15 years ago. He was like the number one person in on the planet Earth and this particular field and everybody knew who he was and now it's like he's struggling. Yeah. And it's for I I look at these bullets and I would say probably.

More than half of them are culprits in. You know, he just get took his ear off the ground and it just snuck up on him. Yeah. Yeah, you know, it's it's it's it's funny. I mean, there's so much that we can talk about like, you know, if we had you know, there really is so much that we can talk about in terms of I think there are some businesses that are more susceptible or more.

They're more kind of volatile in these areas like meaning like you really, you know, like again, I would say that like Financial, you know, while you know, like Financial is one of those, you know Financial education like the the Agora, you know, everybody looks at it as you know, like man, I need to go in a financial publishing. Look at how huge they are and yeah, it's a huge audience. It's a huge Universe. They're tan they're total addressable Market is is gargantuan, but then there's all these other things that Outsiders don't realize there's this constant Evolution and change, um that they have to deal with and and that's why they have to crank out campaigns and that's why they you know, that's why things can can do really well and then stop. working within seven days 10 days, you know 20 days sometimes and so right there's so much that you can that we can talk about with this like picking the business picking the arena picking the marketplace picking the the product but For the majority of us.

It's recognizing like look all marketing. All marketing is about moving a prospect emotionally and intellectually. It's at the end of the day, right? It's all about all marketing is about moving prospects emotionally and intellectually in order to move them right move them like stir them move them get them thinking differently get them believing differently right get them feeling differently. You have to understand them.

You have to know right what makes them take you have to know what they believe you have to know what they're seeing. You have to know what they're interested in. You have to leave your own baggage behind right and I'm telling like I'm sharing something today that like I've dealt with like and been wrestling with and like there are topics that I love to talk about and I'm like it may be time to move on from certain topics, right certain things that like if the marketplace has moved on be like it's they, you know, I saw them it's almost like this I'm here and I saw the market and I'm just using this as like an example for folks. I'm not describing. My actual state of mind but right I'm seeing the the market come in.

I'm seeing them in a distance coming this way. And I'm I know man, I'm gonna put the boom content that I'm gonna talk about hooks ideas is the marketplace is coming in right they're coming into town, you know, and boom boom in the offers. Boom. Right? Well if you don't right like if you you got a recognize that eventually that that group that crowd it could well, wait a minute there.

I'm still here talking about this and they're they're going on to the next town. They're going on to the net like you gotta you've got to recognize that. It's not what you want to talk about. It's not what you want to hear. It's not what you know, it's not what you're most passionate.

You got it. You gotta recognize that you got to put the marketplace first. You got to see through their eyes through their lens. You got to be a student of the marketplace. You got to keep your finger on the pulse of the marketplace because everything comes from that how can you expect to to move anybody intellectually or certainly I mean emotionally if you don't know like right like what are the what are what are the content ideas are topics that they're interested in today?

What are the ideas and hooks that today today? The things that would capture their attention right like the problems that they're dealing with today, right the the promises that they've heard before that they've seen before that that ring, um, that that no longer ring true to them. Let's say or no longer attractive. What what's the emotional state that they have today right today? Not not six months ago not you know a year ago, right?

What are they consider fast and easy today? Right? What are the what what are they think is is a is a quality offer. What do they think is a regular? What are the regular offers that they're seeing?

What offer if I put it out in front of them would make them say ah, yeah. That's that's those are all I see tons of those kind of offers that's nothing special um anymore and what are the marketing tactics that have become patterns where they're best practices. They're now seeing used all over see I look for that. I pay attention to that because I know that those pattern that's all it is. It's a pattern.

Yeah, here we go again. Here we go again, right I know right and it doesn't have the the impact you think that right if somebody knows that we're using let's say if somebody knows that there is a countdown timer on an order form and and they've seen that countdown timer on an order form so many times right like on you know dozens of times do we think that they're actually getting a feeling of urgency now when they're seeing it 13th time on our page if it's become a pattern if it's become a best practice. No, it doesn't have the impact anymore. Right? So it loses its value and in some cases it can have a negative impact Point all this is to say got to keep your finger on the pulse of the market got to know what moves the market what interests the market what's capturing the Market's attention and we've got to be willing to adjust and adapt what we say when we say where we say how we say it how we present it all of those things based on the marketplace to day period cool.

Cool good. All right, you guys and gals are out of here. I will see you next week if anybody needs anything slack me if not have an amazing day gang. Okay, Todd. Thanks.
