---
title: "cc_2023-04-25"
date: 2023-04-25
duration: 34m
duration_seconds: 2058
vimeo_id: 820979919
folder: "2023 Copy Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-04-25

**Date:** 2023-04-25 | **Duration:** 34m | **Folder:** 2023 Copy Calls

---

so I'm super pumped about this this week's training call as you guys know as I announced in slack. We have a special guest this special guest is now the official. I don't know what you call it. Maybe Damien can or Teddy can give that official down belt holder. Is it a belt?

Is it a true Raining Raining? Yeah. I didn't say anything about a belt. I can assure you of that but raining Irishman the listen, it's even better it gets even better than that. He is the record holder the official the guy who's copy bullet copy bullet campaign copy.

has created more front-end sales than any other bullet campaign including Any and all the bullet campaigns that I worked on. So John has officially beaten. Me John is now the new king of the mountain. We're gonna change the slack handle to King of the mountain and he will forever or until somebody else comes along and and topples John he will be known as the king of the mountain when it comes to the bullet campaign and so all kidding aside. That's it tremendous.

It's tremendous accomplishment. Just he's done a tremendous job with this campaign. It's it's still kind of nids Midway through the campaign towards the end and it's still kind of going strong. I've been paying attention to this thing. From early on and it was doing really well early on and has been and so and this is a campaign that's actually running right now.

And so I figured uh, what a great opportunity to bring John in and have John kind of share with us some of his thinking as it relates to the copy the positioning maybe share with us a little bit about why he thinks this campaign is is doing well. What were some of the main kind of aspects of the copy that he was intentional about the kind of the the triggers what were some of the phrases really whatever it is that John John has done this done copy, you know critiques and and whatnot many many times and so this will be second nature. And so with that I am going to turn it over to the reigning King of the mountain. Our very own, um, the little Irish Buckaroo as we call them behind the scenes John mulry and so good John. Well, I don't know what to say about being called a little Irish Buckaroo, but I don't know if I like that or not tremendous love and admiration.

Nobody else has ever referred to you as that this was the first time in full transparency. so I mean basically been called the donkey, so Is that what is is buckaroo? Like to us? Buckaroo is like How you know we want to come around Ireland is you're a donkey. Okay, so my mistake my my friend which was funny because I we were sending your emails for the promote through QA because we qar stop and Chris was diving through when he was reading it and I forgot what it is.

I'm gonna have to find it. But he goes too he goes is this a typo he goes is this supposed to be a real word and it was some I guess Irish term that you didn't realize was not Americanized but it was something like she really shmooted something. It was like some weird word. I was like is this is this like Irish terminology? He's like is this a typo and it was probably a typo.

Well, we now it's funny because we've decided that in typical online marketer fashion. We now use smooted in several emails. I'm good. I'm gonna find it's such a like a typical marketer move. Right?

Like they don't even realize it's a typo and like let's use that and so now we're gonna see, you know, schmooted and headlines and whatnot. Is I'm a screen share. So it was my CEO was about to throw a spanner in the works. Do you know have you ever heard the term spanner Todd? No, I have not spent two.

That's right. He didn't know what a spanner. What is it Teddy? It's a wrench. It's been a wrench.

Not a clue did any who else knew that was it? Just me not being that I needed it. Definitely really and Michael there. Wow. Okay, unbelievable.

I really I gotta start to fix things around the house now, but listen John it with before we turn it over then it's so if the Irish Buckaroo is because in Ireland Buckaroo means donkey or whatever with Paul's permission, then we're gonna change it and we're not gonna call you the Irish Buckaroo. We'll just call you the Italian buckaroo. I'm kidding. All right, let's get serious. Now.

We might have to edit this out earlier. But go ahead John take us. I'll leave it leave it leave it in. So I'm I did up a some annotations of the sales page that I want to run through just to make it easier for everybody to follow along and then anybody that's watching this afterwards they can obviously get the annotated version if they want as well, so So I share my screen and we've kick things off. But before we do two things so first thing I do want to build.

So if there's a belt I will gladly take the the championship belt and second thing that when I was putting together this campaign, obviously AI is very topical and but the main thing that I wanted to focus on was including the AI component, but also the the idea that the overarching team to this promo to this to just offer into this to copy behind us promo offer is the idea of being fast and easy, like that's what I want to people to be realizing as they're going through this like this when I if I joined this Workshop if I purchase this offer if I go through this program, I'm gonna be able to get results fast and easy like that's what I that's the overarching team that I wanted to be throughout the whole thing. So that was in the back of my mind as I was doing all of this and and everything else so just let me share my screen and we'll go through some elements. So the first thing like I mentioned there I wanted to go through the whole idea of the the promote the app the offer being fast and easy to implement being able to get results fast and easy and I'll go through kind of line by line and that the sales page. So the very top thing is just have our call out just a standard caller that we would use in our promo system sure that we're calling out the right people. So they know that they're in the right place.

Then the next thing is in the headline. We have the the unique mechanism of perfect Persona prompting and I actually have to give Teddy some credit here because the original headline that I was going to use I asked Teddy for a bit of feedback on it, and he just said it kind of sounds like I'll kind of just sounds like everything else and can you make it more unique? So then I went back to the drawing board. So like I really have to give Teddy to Kudos there. So thanks for that, Teddy and But using the perfect Persona prompting and then the whole idea that like the how perfect Persona prompting chat gbt and AI creates client getting videos in minutes that obviously has the the idea behind it that there's its speed but also that it creates it does the work for you.

So it's like perfect Persona prompting chat gbt and AI creates flying getting videos in minutes. So it has that idea that this is going to be doing all the work for you which it essentially is in the training. There's a little bit of you know manual work, but then the AI does all that it work. So I wanted that to come across then we have the again in the the headline again, we have the idea of speed with the in minutes just this can be done in minutes. So we have that fast and easy again, then we just have a social proof element that showcasing results and within that as well.

This is just something that is always in the back of my mind. If I get any kind of social proof sent to me or if I get something that I could use potentially in a promo sent to me. I'm also a little bit of conscious of how engage with that whether it's a message whether it's a text whether it's an email because how you can how you engage with that. If you're going to be using it chances are you're going to be using not just what the person sent you but you may be using a portion of what was said what you said back as well and like the I like the idea that me my response kind of makes me a little bit relatable to the audience as well. It makes me a little bit more likable to the audience and then the whole that the notion of He deserving it all and more and Pete obviously does deserve always success but everybody or the line share of people online when they're when they're doing whatever they're doing.

They they feel like they deserve. The fruits of their labor. So when we say you deserve it all the more people reading that I can say, well I deserve this as well. So it makes it that much more engaging at least I feel that those anyway And then the the like the overall copy is very much offer driven. It's it's like it's a short form sales page but and it's very offer driven.

It's very to the point and I try to make it a succinct as possible. And even in the naming of the workshop like scripture, it sounds fast and easy. It sounds like it's something it kind of rolls off to tongue. But it also sounds like you scripted you shoot it you share it can be don't quickly. It can be done fast and it's and it's pretty easy.

Now this first opening line if you want to track more clients become a sword after expert in your industry, which are currently struggling with eliminate online presence. So you feel like you're not able to keep up with the evolved with digital marketing landscape that was completely taken from the audience research that I did for this and funnily enough. The audience is the audience research was don't using the process I teach and the workshop and the biggest things the biggest like primary pain points and and primary desires that come out. We're like attracting more clients and becoming a sword after expert. So I just put them into I just used the exact day that come back from the research into the opening of the the lead if you to call it that he and the like it's straight into like if if this sounds like you this Workshop is for you and then in their workshop ended the next paragraph, which is basically I kind of short descriptive like an elevator pitch for the workshop again.

It's it's all about fast and easy again. It's like this simplified approach in this will show you how to script high quality videos with chat gbt in seconds shoot them easily in minutes and then use them using a simplified approach to YouTube. It's all screaming fast and easy fast and easy fast and easy because that's what people want people want something that they can Implement fast and get results quickly. The next thing I want to draw attention to is the we have like a big crazy guarantee that like I wanted to put a full one year guarantee Ender. I don't even know I can't remember if I told support or not there was going to be a one-year guarantee, you know, but I wanted this to be like a crazy over the top guarantee and eat the length of the guarantee Pharaoh ways how quickly you're going to be able to get results with this.

So it's like it sounds like a no-brainer in my mind the next thing in the screen shot here, but if You're right sales page on the desktop. The order form is sticky. So as you're scrolling through here, the order form keeps scrolling down. So is your scrolling down? It's constantly beside your eye line.

So if you see something like yeah, that sounds cool. You're you're a lot more engaged and a lot more. And it's a lot easier to actually just go purchase there and then so that's something that I just took from and absolutely more sales pages. So they're after obviously appsumo sales pages are built for like conversions and that whole this whole white section here with it with the sticky or deform. It's pretty much like a Taking the best elements of an appsum or sales page and anybody who's not familiar with appsuma.

It's obviously the the software deals marketplace where they do deals on different software's and different tools and they really kind of Perfected that sticky order form and I just adapted that with some CSS code on the big phone sales page. Then the next section here. Is this again straight out of the appsumo marketplace, which is this too long. Don't read. It's just a really short succinct and summary of what this Workshop is and what people are going to get from it.

Then the this section here the perfect fur the joint is Workshop. This will help you and so you'll finally this this section is again completely taken from the the audience research that we don't and it's basically this is what people these are the primary desires that people have. And these are the things they want to achieve and these are the things that are struggling with so like they're primary pain points the research come back saying they're struggling to attract new clients. They don't have a video content production process. They have a limited budget for video marketing.

They have difficulty with YouTube advertising to overwhelmed with all the digital marketing tools difficulty shooting and editing videos the lack of branding a cohesive branding and video content. They struggle with engaging video scripts and they're lack knowledge around video marketing. So they're all the struggles that people have so it's like join this Workshop if you have these but then within all of those chances are in our Marketplace, there's going to one of those is going to if you're not struggling with more than one of them chances are you're definitely struggling with at least one of them. So there's a catch-all in there as well. And then the next section of this will help you to it's like for these are the kind of day initial desires that people want to have but then the reason why they want them so it's like it's nearly like there.

What what taught you talk about a lot and copies like the well, what's the because behind this? What's the so you can so this helps you with X so you can why so just so you finally is the is the kind of why element of so you kind of achieve whatever that the achievement will be so And in this section again and like Point number 15 is just again go back to speed engaging videos in seconds. And and then we have a breakdown of what's actually covered in the workshop. So people can logically see what what they're going to be getting and what they're going to be covering. Perfect Persona prompting again.

We have the unique mechanism minimal effort again that whole thing of being easy simplified video editing again easy, and then just a little bit of a And the most cost of cost-effective traffic campaign, you're likely ignoring. So this is a campaign that we've been using and we use that not a lot of people use but that whole idea that you're likely ignoring something. It's like for the people that think to know everything that just, you know gets your curiosity figure firing and it just gets something will maybe maybe there's approach to YouTube ads and not use them. Maybe just approach that I'm not currently using that I could be using so just get some thinking a little bit differently and then the what's included is like the again we want this idea of being fast and easy again, so they're getting instant access to the scripture Workshop. They're getting done for you video creation prompts again the idea of having don't for you elements in your offers, especially these days it's huge and it's it's well known but still a lot of people sometimes Overlook the idea of including some dumb for you elements to your offers.

Even if it's not like a true don't for you like template it's scripts and things like that. They're all essentially don't for them elements or at least partially don't further and they can be really powerful and then from what from a video point of view A lot of people struggle with their but what should I look like on video? And what should my backdrop look like? And how do I set up my camera? And how do I set up my lighting?

What kind of lighting should I get? So I included this extra bonus of like the perfect video studio and resource checklist, which essentially just contains all of that information and just helps to break it down that much better and then when it comes to the offer and the pricing I want it to be like there's like an offer where people can like instantly see and instantly asked himself. Well, how could I turn this down? I mean $49 for all of this. I mean like I'd be insane to turn this down and that's what I wanted them thinking and that's what we should always have our people thinking when they see the price they're like, is that all I mean, that's crazy and I know Teddy was saying when we did when I did the actual Workshop in the first place that he was like you're not I mean you should be charging a lot more for this and maybe I should have but I think part of the the beauty of the offer is in the pricing and how it's price as well because it just makes it that much more enticing and the you know, the sales conversion rate of I know we generally don't you sales conversion rate as a as a barometer of a success of a program.

We look at other metrics like aov and CPA and everything else. But I mean when you're getting a sales conversion rate of 11 and a half percent, it's it's obviously doing something right. So and I part of that is down to the offer in my mind, then we get to somebody testimonials and like all these testimonials they either stream speed. You just came easy or the Supreme Scream actionable content. And the reason why I want like used one specific to actionable content as well is because a lot of times people are like the invest in something are just becomes data for later and they're in their hard drive that never actually use or to never actually log into a member series sort of thing.

This is just going to be another thing that I don't use another thing that just I buy and don't actually utilize and just waste more time going on. Another Rabbit Hole does not actually gonna help my business whereas if something's actionable, you know, they're not much more on client to use it. So if you look at somebody's testimonials and like it's like we have like, holy cow how easy and fast. This is I was skeptical but a boy I was blown away. If you're not using this you're competing and I significant disadvantage.

I wanted a highlight in the testimonials not just put up to screenshots, but actually highlight elements. Like I think the people's I will be drawn to that will help to make that buying decision or help overcome an objection or just help move them that closer to the yes or or whatever the case may be. So again, we like it like I feel embarrassed running Workshop again knowing how much value was dropped in this if you aren't offends don't be Workshop over delivered Workshop was great easily actionable content being made easier and more important amazing and very practical great. The brilliantly conceptualize absolute game-changer. Can't wait to implement at all screens fast and easy it all screams and Ready to get this so then this is just a bit of you know presupposition that they're already going to get the workshop.

I can't wait to share everything with you that's just assumes that they're going to be purchasing to assumes that they're going to be joining the workshop and it just kind of sets the stage there and massive opportunity to capitalize people are always on to look up for opportunities. Then the reason why I'm doing it to the workshop and the reason why I'm doing this and this copy this just relates back down back up to the the primary pain points of the Prospect and what's holding them back from actually utilizing video ads and utilizing video content utilizing Ai and in their in their business and then down here. We just have this Workshop is for you. It's just you know and NLP style copy, you're a perfect customer for the scripture online workshop and online course and workshop. I can't wait to meet you on the workshop time saving easy limit strategies, even with a crazy type boy.

I don't know if it's as bad as spanner and it works, but it's a type one on the list and we just have a very very simple credibility section. About me credibility section in terms of the who's who are some of the clients that we've worked with and are working with and obviously like when people are scrolling here, they're going to recognize a lot of the faces. They're going to recognize a lot of the people a lot of the big players in our industry obviously and it just adds an extra layer of credibility and then we just have the E section down here again. but overall I think the the biggest the biggest thing is obviously the offer itself is crazy good. It's capitalizing on something that has huge momentum right now in AI but then it's just the the offer with the AI and the whole idea of being fast and easy over that whole thing overall and this I'm simplistic sales page that makes it very very easy for you to purchase those common those combinations and total I think is you know, somebody driving forces behind why this promo did so well Very good.

Yeah. No, that's all that's that's awesome. So mmm, I have some stuff. I pop some stuff in the chat as John was talking just pointing out some of the things that immediately jumped out at me before I share a couple things. I wanted to see if anybody had any questions for John why he did something why he chose to go a certain route or anything that anybody wants to add to what it is that John just said, Michael good question John.

Um, you know when you were talking about audience research, I'm just curious if you use the audience research strategy that you talked about in your Workshop to do to get that information. Yeah. That's the exact strategy. I used it's like yeah, I mean the copy that they that AI produced from that research is the exact copy that I'm using on this page. Okay, I like it.

I have a question Damien. This one's for you, Damian. Yes, sir. How does Michael have an E5 hat? And I don't.

That's a that's a great question not actually the question. I'm like man. That's a cool looking hat. Son of a gun. That's a limited edition hat that is a limited edition.

Hat. You might have to keep it that way just to really make Michael feel that much more deserving of that hat. Yeah, we were shooting you one, but then, you know Teddy through a spanner in the works and yeah. I like it. I like it.

I have a question. Um John did you model the other than the appsumo component? Did you model that page layout and structure from anywhere specific or because it's it's unconventional like, you know, I mean, I understand it's an offer heavy promotion, right? So it's different but it's very unconventional and unique and I was just wondering like Where'd you where'd you come up with that? The only element that I really modeled was that the middle section that the kind of white section with this with the sticky order form and like that was modeled from the appsumo.

If you go to have any appsum will offer on a desktop like they have that sticky order for that sticky order form. And that's basically the only thing that I modeled and then the I suppose the other thing that I looked at was when we did the audience research with the with the AI and how I put together that like the perfect Persona prompting Avatar profile like they the thing that it spits out in terms of their pain profile the desire profiles and they're top five desires the top five pain points and what they want to achieve I wanted to ensure that I got as much of that information on to the sales page in a succinct way as possible. So like that's where kind of chunks things together like I did. Got it. Yeah, it's really it's very different and that alone is kind of attention-grabbing right because you're just the aesthetically you're looking at something that just doesn't look like every other sales page out there.

Well, so Paul, let me let me just jump in for one second. So what specifically are you are you referring to because I want to add something to what it is that you're saying because there's a part there's an aspect that I really like a lot that I think is something that we should Ponder but what specifically are you talking about? Yeah. Can you pull it back up for a second John? Yep.

you see Yep. Yeah, go ahead scroll down a little bit. Uh, so that the TL DR that um, but down here how like your how you broke up these sections that just make it very easy and simple for people to understand who this is for how it's gonna help them and ultimately the payoff that they're gonna get. Um, scroll down a little bit more what's included? I was gonna ask you this might be a stupid question, but the the things that you're outlining in the testimonials, this is internal right like the this is this is not how the testimonials look on the page live right with this with these red high no with it the red circles that that's how it looks like on the on the page it does it does look like that.

Oh, okay. Cool. Okay slot scroll down. I would like I want to dry eyes to be drawn to the elements of the testimony is life felt that the best time okay go to the sale. Cool.

Okay, scroll down a little bit. Yep, keep going. Okay, go ahead go back up. So it was mainly um, it was mainly that middle part where you're saying who it's for what they're gonna get. Um, it's just very it.

Yeah, it's just very simple. It's like very simple and straight to the point. Um, and I'm guessing and I'm assuming that because this whole AI thing is so new and the market sophistication is probably at such a low level right now that something like this like works perfectly because it's just it's such a brand new thing, right? Yeah, I mean definitely use that the AI component was was big as obviously. Hugely topical at the minute.

So like that was a big component of it, but it I think there with with this. The design of the sales page at least his section here. It is very simplistic and to the point and like the we have to assume we don't obviously don't know for for certain but we have to assume that it just lends itself nicely to be able to you know purchase quickly and check out quickly. Yeah, yeah. I wanted to add you know, I want I wanted to add real real quick.

To um to that, you know, I was looking for it. I couldn't find an example of it. But I believe there there's a there's a web page that I think originated with the Billie Jean guy the Billie Jean marketing Bill something like that and then Kern model did and Kern used it a number of times and I believe that for one of our offers. We I think we we used a version and It was it was also Paul very unconventional in that it really just told you like who this was for like what this was about right? It was like four sections you might know exactly what it is that I'm talking about like who's it for what's it about what you're gonna get the price like, um, whatever guarantee right and the button and that and it was like each of those were in its own section and that's an aspect of this this page.

That that John did that I really like that I said in the in the chat section that it's extremely lean. It's not I would not look at this page. Right and I would not refer to this as a sales letter and that's the you know, it's it's an interesting thing, right? That's not a sales letter. That's not a sales letter certainly not a sales letter by traditional direct response definition.

That's a sales page because it's offer driven, but it's not a sales letter and I think that that distinction alone. Oh, this isn't a letter. There's not a from the desk of John to with an intro. It's kind of like here's what this here's what this is all about. Here's what it's gonna do for you.

Here are the benefits like right? Here's who it's for and Here's how I'm gonna deliver these benefits to you. Here's the the the deal the price price here are some proof just to show you that this is the the goods here's a little credibility of who I like. It's very, you know, it's it's very lean and and I like that and I think that it's it's appropriate like we're talking about it's a very like you said Paul it's a very it's offer driven. So it is extremely direct right?

It's extremely direct extremely direct being very lean, right not in your typical sales letter format. There's no story in there. There's no right. It's not it's not this um fluid conversation. It's chunks of information that the prospect needs to have in order to make a decision of whether they want this or not.

And so that was something that that I saw. And and I think our market like appreciates that right like Martin, you know marketing to marketers and special are the our list which is slightly more sophisticated marketers. Like they don't need the they don't need the hype. They don't necessarily need the argument, especially when it's this price point, right? And yeah, well, I I think I I and I agree with you teddy like I I do agree with you that I think certainly the more sophisticated marketers within our space.

I think I I agree with you right that they they appreciate that. I think it really depends on what your marketing right like in other words it if you're like and this is where and I want to be careful that we don't go down a rabbit hole, right, but you know, if you are and this goes back to awareness level Prospect awareness level like if you're marketing something that your prospect isn't waking up in the morning thinking about and thinking about buying then you need to be a bit more direct and you need to be a bit a We're indirect and you need to be a bit more circuitous before you get to the offer and the benefits and all of that. Right? But when you're talking about something that the marketplace is already interested in they're already seeking out information on it. They already want more of what it is that you're ultimately like offering the the genre the topic then I think 100% Teddy.

I'm completely in line with you. I think that John's route of just give it to him and just tell them exactly what it is that this is gonna do for them who it's for What's it gonna do for them and cut out all the f***? They don't need the story. They don't need the ramp up. They don't need to build up.

They don't need the whole, you know, the whole dog and pony show. Um when you are talking about something that They are waking up thinking about they are interested in and so I think you need to identify. Where does this you know, where does this fall like Teddy if we were going to let's say if we found let's say, you know tracking if you wanted to go back to tracking and Metric reporting something a little bit deeper something that most people aren't waking up thinking about something that most people in our marketplace right wrong or in different don't even think they have a problem with yeah, I would say that we need a little bit we need we need something to hook them in and to lead them down. But when we're talking about AI when we're talking about things that they already that they already want then I I think yeah, let's honor that like, let's get to it and so good point Teddy. Anybody else have something to add or who else I should say has something to add?

Nobody else has anything to ask John any questions for John? Wow, I have a question. Sure. When am I getting my belt? Well, it's interesting that you should say that because I went over to Amazon and I'm not do you like vinyl nylon leather?

What kind of belt you like because we can have that thing overnighted to you immediately. So like a championship, you know, oh a champion for about ah, got it. Got it. I thought you meant like a Levi's belt or Polo. But listen, I will say it right here John.

What do you want? You tell me and we'll have it done. All right, how about that? All right, so you think about it and you let me know because you've earned it buddy. Got it.

Well, you might wish you never said that so, okay. Well, we're just gonna take it out of Damian just get a big picture of a bookaroo and a donkey on a belt and wearing it and Irish Jersey and there you go. There you go. You like look if nobody else has anything to ask or add like I said John all kidding aside man. You did a great job.

I think the you know, the thing for really everybody to recognize is that like at the end of the day we're in the results game and You know, it's not about you know, you could very easily look at that copy and be like wow, that's so basic or there's not a whole lot of copy there. You could look at it and think there's maybe not a whole lot of sophisticated thought that went into it, but obviously there is and John nailed it. He he nailed he nailed what he needed to nail in order to produce the the conversion rate and and ultimately the volume of sales that that he's produced and and he crushed. Every other bullet campaign certainly in terms of sales conversion rate, I Believe by a significant margin and so this is you know, it's it's one of those lessons again for us in terms of Simplicity the right topic the right offer. The right angle like you know, when you when you've got it, you don't need the whole song and dance.

You don't need the whole Bell so you don't need the fireworks in the background and all the craziness and you know, you can see from that page that you don't need crazy over the top design to make something work when you've got the right topic. You've got the right positioning of that the the topic and you've got and you've got the right offer. A great things happen and so Kudos John great job, man. And so that is it for today John if you can send over a copy in slack of the annotated PDF, that would be amazing and I appreciate John you taking time out of your schedule to jump on with us and share some of your your Wizardry as the new King on the mountain. And so thank you buddy.

Everybody have an amazing day and and I'll talk to you guys next week. And so Eric you guys. those guys
