---
title: "cc_2023-03-21"
date: 2023-03-21
duration: 54m
duration_seconds: 3291
vimeo_id: 810253132
folder: "2023 Copy Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-03-21

**Date:** 2023-03-21 | **Duration:** 54m | **Folder:** 2023 Copy Calls

---

All right. So as I started to say looking forward to this call because this is a about a topic that is near and dear to my heart. It's something that I'm sensitive to and it's something that I've really uh, I've really been helping our top one clients with a lot lately and what I'm talking about is not overselling in copy not overselling in our marketing message. I believe that and we're gonna talk about this we're gonna talk just very quickly about the definition of what I mean by over over selling and then we're gonna go through a number of different things that I look for in order to eliminate the ramifications or the the negative impact of overselling. I believe this is critical because This is the difference between believable copy and really unbelievable copy and right it's important you guys and gals have heard me say before many many times not everything that's true is believable and not everything that's believable is true.

Not everything that's true is believable. If you don't present something the right way, it can be true and not believable. If you there are times when something may be true, but if you present it knowing who the audience is, they will likely not believe it and then therefore that's gonna impact the believability of your entire message. All of this is to say is that we we want to make sure that our copy is believable that right like that and it's not just it's not just plausible but it is believed by the Prospect and so one of the things that we need to avoid that can negatively impact believability. Is overselling and so let me share my screen and let's go through this over here.

And so I am gonna I am gonna share with you these seven seven ways. I do want to hear from you though, right? This is a discussion. And so I love when whether it's Damian who chimes in or Teddy I love when you guys chime in and and share your insights. If you feel that I'm missing something from this list then share so that we can add it to this list.

So we are going to get to these seven ways or this the seven things that I look for the seven things that I'm kind of sensitive to and I think today for what it's worth. I almost I'm just very I'm very aware of them. So it's not like I do seven separate passes during editing to look for these or or even one dedicated past for these things. I'm just very aware of these seven things that we're gonna cover as um, reviewing copy for a client for top one member whatever it may be and so over selling And so before I get to a couple of official or formal definitions for overselling, I would love to hear from you guys. So when I say right that we want to avoid overselling in copy overselling in copy it triggers resistance it triggers skepticism.

It triggers doubt, right? It makes everything else that we say questionable. If we if we say one thing or two things that appear to be overselling and so how would you define overselling when I say over selling? What does that mean to you? anybody Teddy you go just unbelievable claims or you know, I mean just just a general feeling of of hype Hyperbole and Okay, I think that that's a great.

I mean just a general feeling of hype right a general feeling of hype and we could get into right like, you know, we could get into if you if you even spend just a little bit of time thinking about well, what's wrong with hype like what what's the impact on the the consumer on the prospect? Well, right if it's apparent height if it's like blatant hype well, then what happens what happens in the mind of the prospect? What happens to their psychology? Right? They what what do they what do they start to think about us?

And the way that we're presenting this message if we need to use hype well then maybe it's not as good as we say, maybe we're another one of those marketers or entrepreneurs that just makes everything sound, you know, grandiose and and unbelievable. Um, right, maybe we're not trustworthy because we're using This kind of language. Maybe we're trying to hide some negative. Like it just raises red flags. When the hype that you are are using um is really apparent Michael.

What would you say? How would you define oversell? Well, they're probably on a lot of definitions or a lot of nuances to this. But for me A lot of times clients will repeat the same things over and over like that. They really wanted Drive their point home that their XYZ is you know has some crazy benefit and they just won't shut up about it, you know?

Okay. All right, so that's um, that's an interesting point right? Like potentially just harping on the same the same benefit ironically that's not one of the seven things on my list. So that's that's an interesting and it's a great point and it's a great addition but potentially right and you know, it's interesting because it's and and this is kind of a lesson for for everybody right for you guys on here everybody listening and a great reminder that you know when you read Over copy and you're reading it from and editing perspective from a cleanup perspective from an analysis perspective right from an optimization perspective. You really always have to ask yourself.

Like how does this sentence this statement this paragraph make me feel what does this make me? Think? What does this make me feel or think about the person communicating with me about the vendor about what it is that they're saying about what it is that they said before this. What is this make me feel about what they're about to say. Do I feel like excuse me?

I'm being manipulated. Do I feel like excuse me? They're not covering. The full story right? Does it make me feel like man, they're stretching the truth do does it make me feel like you know, like what how does it make me feel right is and and so even hearing something repeated over and over.

Well, how does that how does that make me feel? I'm not saying that in every instance. It's gonna be up. We can't repeat what it is that we said before like, I'm not saying that I'm saying be aware of. How is this making me feel?

How's this making me feel? What is this making me think right because Oftentimes you can spot like ooh, it feels a little feels a little icky. Who else let's one more. That's enough. Can I have something about that real quick Facebook and those two most like based on those two points, right?

So like is what what premise or assumption should we work with in terms of you prospects saw an ad clicked on the ad and I realize this may have to do with how the what the ad says but lands on the page. Do should we assume that they are neutral they're arriving with a certain level of skepticism. They're hopeful that this is the solution like, how do you figure? Yeah, I think man awesome question as always dude, you're you know, I always have to be on my toes with Teddy always. I love it.

Um, it's a great question. I think the the so number one. Nobody has ever neutral right? I always say we're not starting with a blank canvas the right people have been let down before by things that they've purchased by Investments by other vendors. They've been promised things that they haven't experienced.

Um, they have certain beliefs right that they bring to the table and so We're never starting with. Excuse me, a blank canvas. With anybody so I would never nobody is neutral. Nobody has ever neutral the whole idea for what it's worth in general in the world right in I don't care what the arena is. There is no such thing as neutrality because without going down a crazy path because everybody brings to the table a worldview, right a perspective on life based on experiences based on prior, you know believe based on things that they've been told talk and so on and so everybody has a certain certain lens that they see the world through so nobody is coming like nobody's coming to the table like, you know, a total blank canvas where we are starting from scratch.

I wish that was the case, but that's absolutely not the case the healthiest perspective to take so you ask the the other kind of the two things that you mentioned were should we, you know believe that they're hopeful that this could be the answer or should we treat them like, you know, they're skeptical and and um, you know, maybe jaded the answer is yes. The answer is both depending on the type of appeal that we're using in the copy if we're making some sort of Promise in the copy. Well when the person comes to our page, yeah, they're they're I'm gonna treat them like, yeah, they're hopeful that this could be the answer that this could be the thing for them. They're hopeful it whether that's a minute level of of Hope or not. I don't know.

I don't care. I believe that they're hopeful or why would they be here? Right? Why would they click on the on the ad some people might click at a sheer curiosity? I'm not worried about them.

I'm more concerned with the people that I believe are are clicking because yeah, they're interested enough to hear more because they would like the outcome right and now they want to see what this is about. But at the same time, And this is the important point you've got to recognize people are in stupid. Right? Like people aren't stupid and I believe that as it relates to marketing and advertising today's consumer is a lot more sophisticated a lot more Savvy because of the fact that they've seen it they've heard it. Right so, you know, like look man, you know, there was a time when when you know, like clickbaity type of marketing campaigns, we know this like we know this worked in the direct response world and work really well and worked across the board in terms of the masses is that to say that you know, that that those kind of campaigns don't work on anybody anymore, of course, not right, but the majority of people are becoming more and more sophisticated.

They're not stupid. Right? And so they're they're becoming more skeptical more jaded more resistant and I believe that because they've got more options today because they're only right one or two clicks away from getting Alternatives today right compared to many many moons ago that you've got to treat. The prospect with respect respect in not just in terms of their time and their value but respect in terms of their intellect like and I just mean that don't like you're you know, it's it's such an interesting thing because from a language perspective from a word perspective, right? I want to use the simplest words possible.

I want to use the simplest sentence structure possible, right? We want short choppy sentences. We want easy words, right? We want low FK score with our copy. Why because we want to make it easy and simple for them to consume our message.

We don't want to make them work in terms of comprehension to understand what it is that we are are trying to say, right but at the same time I respect the fact that um, you're not pulling the wool over their eyes, right like they're not they're not falling for the The the overt in your face manipulation and we're gonna talk about like how sometimes this Creeps in when somebody's not intending to do that. Right like how it how it creeps in and how to be on guard. And so I believe that the healthiest perspective to have this is the long winded answer Teddy, but I believe that the healthiest perspective to have is right. I am going to try to present a message to this individual that excites them enough with with this thing that I'm offering them, um, without over promising without stretching the truth without making it sound like more than what it is without trying to promise them the world right? Like if they care about solving this problem and I can show them that yes, this will honestly solve that problem.

I don't need to promise them the world Right. I just need to show them how and why this thing can solve their problem and do it better or faster or easier or or less expensive than any other alternative, right? If that's what they care about. I don't need to promise them everything under the sun. And I think this is where often people when when they're told list every benefit we're gonna talk about this they end up listing benefits that become what I refer to a stretch benefits and we're gonna get into that a little bit here are the here's the official definition for or definitions that I've included.

Go ahead something just about one thing that um over selling is when people like very openly just say this is the best my stuff is the best rather than leading the audience to conclude for themselves. Yeah, this is what they need. Yeah, I think that that's great. That's one of the things that you know that I'm gonna I'm gonna cover. Um, I think that right that's you know, if you if you Google, even you should Google at some point you guys just for the heck of it.

I think there's a Wikipedia entry if I'm not mistaken. um the word puffery And puffery is a word that like we I want to use that word more often when communicating and educating with clients because puffery is like it's you know, it's advertising. It's it's fluff in advertising. It's stuff that is backed by no evidence. No support is what you would expect to hear from an Advertiser a marketer.

It's claims of superiority with no basis no Foundation. It's these claims of these grandiose claims of of promises of benefits that really just a excuse me are baseless are based on adjectives are are just nonsense, right? And that's like it's like yeah anybody could say that doesn't take a rocket scientist. It doesn't take a great marketer to just say this is the best. This is incredible.

You're gonna be blown away You're Gonna Love It Like of course, right? Like of course, that's what that's what they prospects think. You're gonna say. Excuse me. So the definitions the official definitions these aren't mine that I took it's interesting that there's another another aspect another definition of overselling that has to do with selling too much product like based on inventory.

What we're talking about here is Is to be too eager or insistent in attempting to sell something or even what I would add to this is to come across even as too eager or insistent in attempting to sell something to present with excessive or unwarranted enthusiasm over praise. To present with excessive enthusiasm, right that's like that in and of itself. It's not even saying if you look at that and you ponder that definition for one second, it's not even saying, um, it's saying or unwant warranted so it could even be warranted you could be thrilled, but if you are Excuse me. Sorry about that. Presenting like with excessive enthusiasm like that is right, that could be a red flag where now it's coming across as like, wow.

Something is off here with this like something's off to make excessive claims for This is the one right this one and the last one the next one are the two that I want you to hold tight too to make excessive claims for to exaggerate the merits of that's really right. This is really directly within our control, right? So this is where what happens is to make excessive claims for this is where I'm very much a Believer and you know what? Excuse me? In a spirit of transparency, you know, it makes it tougher like I'm very much a believer in like either make the product great so that you can make the claims that you want or make the claims that are real and true to the product that you have right?

Like you pick one or the other what marketers do what a lot of marketers do is they have a product the product is what the product is. They know that the market wants to hear these claims these five claims and so they'll take these five claims and attach it to their product and roll that out right to me that's dishonest to me. That's unethical. And so the the point is right you either develop a product that can deliver fulfill on the claims that you know, the market wants to hear that you would love to make. Right.

So you start with these are the claims that like if we could maybe wave a magic wand and we can make these claims. These are the claims that would drive the audience wild. Okay now can we deliver on that? If the answer is no we don't have a product or we can't create a product to fulfill on that. Then we shouldn't make those claims right?

Then we have to look at the product that we do have right and then we have to ask ourselves. What are the claims that we can make for this particular product? Right? What does this particular product do and what doesn't it do right. That's the that's kind of step one with that.

Um And so we don't want to make excessive claims. We don't want to exaggerate what it is that the product can do and we're gonna come back to this on this list. So let's just go over this some of these are gonna be really straightforward and not even need any kind of discussion. I think it should be self-explanatory, but I just want to keep this on your radar. And the last one on this list.

I'm going to show you an example of from a recent, um critique that I did, um for a for a client so this is how do you avoid overselling right and I want to hear from you guys on this because some of this is it's some of this isn't black and white some of this can be a little bit, um subjective and so number one is over promising. over promising and so when your primary promise um is is just Way Beyond the the realm of reality when it comes to what it is that you are you are offering when like you've really just lost touch with what it is that your your mechanism your product your offer can do when you over promise. Sometimes I've seen promises that we're just ridiculously exaggerated and then I've seen promises that like were um, Multiple multiple steps down the road. Like let's say like like, how can I give you an example like Learn let's say email copy right was learn email copy. Let's just say so that you've can finally feel like a successful entrepreneur.

Like that's a ridiculous. That's just like You know forget the fact that that's not good copy all that like that. You see how that's just an over promise of right? Like how do you even connect those dots in your mind? And so anybody have anything to add to this?

I don't want to spend too much time on most of these because these really should be pretty self-explanatory for you guys, but over promising No, got it. Got it. All right. Let's go to the next one which is somewhat similar and that is hyped claims. And so this goes back to really what Adida was saying.

So what do I mean? What's the difference between over promising and hyped claim? So over promising is when you're promising too big of a result too big of an outcome, like you're you're just you've stretched it too much. You've almost right? Like you've just stretched it too much what the outcome could be the transformation the result the payoff you've just stretched it way way too much certainly, like look, we want the biggest boldest.

Um, most audacious promise possible, but I've always said it's got to be true and believable right? It's got to be true and believable. We want big bold audacious true and believable promise that specific concrete measurable blah blah. You guys know that right? But so the point is it's got to be believable.

It's got to be true and it's got to be believable I claims are. And we're claiming certain things about our mechanism. About our product about our bundle about our experience about the results our clients get when we're making these when we're incorporating just claims that are just hyped up that feel hyped up. Right and that's the point like feel hyped up feel like hypy language that is and can come across as overselling. And so that could be in the form of this is the best most outrageous, you know offer, um that you know, this the best most outrageous offer.

you know ever uh, this is a you know, this produces better results than anything, you know anything in the world blah blah, you get the point any when you're making a claim about your you're making a claim And it's based on hype see claims are are critical in marketing. You got to make claims, but you've always heard me say like look you want to claim. What's true and what you can support with evidence. Like right you want it you want to present? What's true?

Right what's compelling you want to have claims? You have to have claims in a marketing in a marketing message. You have to claim things, right? But those claims need to be believable and you make them believable right by making them specific and and supporting them with evidence. Does that make sense?

Does anybody have anything to add to that? So when you're like you could you could already see just from these first two? Right that when you're over promising a result, you're promising the moon you're hyping up claims your your claims. It starts to feel like you're trying too hard. You're overselling right you're being too aggressive.

It feels like you are trying to manipulate them into wanting your thing rather than like what Adidas said which is right rather than merely just trying to lead them rather than merely being a presenter of information. I always want to try to come across like look, here's the info man. You decide right? Like in the end. I'm gonna let you decide like to me it sounds unbelievable to me.

It looks like to me the evidence is there to me the the clues are all lining up to me. This is like, holy cow. This is you know been incredible for us, you know, if you think that this could be incredible for you as well then rather than that pushy, right? I want to lead them. I want to pull them.

I don't want to push them and over selling is that pushing and it comes across it comes across like That metaphorically right like stop pushing me like relax man. Just tell me about the right tell me about the the TV don't stop stop trying to make it like this is the greatest TV experience. You'll ever have your friends are gonna love you, right? Your neighbors are gonna come over for the Super Bowl and right you're gonna be the most popular guy and you're you turn around and you'd be like relaxed dude, like easy man. Just tell me about the TV tell me about the deal tell me what makes this thing great don't like easy and that's the same thing that we're trying to Avoid um here.

Okay. Yeah, you speak to something real quick for me. Sure. So something that I think is interesting. This actually came up on I was bouncing around some copy with Paul M on our team and We were talking about claims and softenings, you know kind of that balance between making a big claim but then soften to the claim by saying so for example, if I said every one of you this is the answer to putting an extra hundred thousand dollars in your bank would be like this is ridiculous.

But if I soften it I say for some people who are the right people this will add a hundred thousand dollars in a bank account. So, how do you how do you balance that tension and when you yeah, hey make a bigger claim but then discounted a little bit make it so it doesn't apply to everybody so it becomes more believable versus just saying make a smaller claim and apply to everybody. Yeah, I was gonna say the same thing like, you know for me what triggers hype is any time it's any form of absolute like yeah, and so every group or yeah. Yeah great question man, you know, and I'll tell you the way that I approach it. I didn't and I don't know if there's a if there's a black and white Answer to this but great question great point from both of you.

I think Damien the question and Teddy your addition of your addition is great. I think look I I'm I I am very sensitive to those to those absolutes to like this is this is the answer for all of you forget forget for one second. So, you know, forget the the claim like let's say, um, you know, you, you know, you can make a million dollars in the in the in the next 12 months, right all of you on here. There's two really there's there's two aspects to that. There's the promise, you know, if you will or the claim whatever you want to call it in that context of the million dollars in in 12 months right that first and foremost you you have to make sure Is that believable?

First of all, is that provable is it so can I support it? Am I offering evidence or am I just making this kind of this this claim also will this audience knowing what I know about this audience is that Something that they could believe right or is it Beyond there? Right like we were talking to minimum wage workers and the thought of a million dollars in the next 12 months is just ridiculous. And so maybe we say right like you'll make $50,000 or whatever it is. So you've got that but then you've got what Teddy said which is the absolute part and here I'm very sensitive to this in that I think this is the way that I approach it.

Is it possible for me to know with certainty that that is true that like that this is perfect for every single one of you well, how do I know that? Like how do I know that? Like, how do I know that for? Sure, right and if I can't know that for sure like if I'm not right if I don't know everyone on the webinar if I don't know their circumstance if I don't know their situation if I don't know everything I need to know about their business to be able to say with 100% certainty that this is great for all of you. Then I wouldn't say it because for me as a Consumer even if I was one of the people that it did apply to I would still say to myself.

How's this dude know that how does he know who's on here? Like that's a bit of a stretch, right? Which immediately then makes me feel like I wonder what else right he was stretching that I just didn't catch what else is just not like that's a stretch. How does he know that? And so, um, you know, like if somebody were to say um and look this is not to say there are times that our copy has slipped.

There are things that we've said in our copy that we we likely shouldn't have said, um that have slipped through the cracks like if somebody said no matter what happens in the stock market, um, this will continue to work. How do you know that? Like you can't answer that because there are things that can occur in the stock market that we've never experienced before that. You might not even know you there are things you don't know that you don't know that could happen right? You have no idea what could happen next week.

So that's a statement that right like is to me is questionable and that's the thing that I'm trying to avoid. So I always ask myself like when it's you know, like when I'm making these absolutes right is like is it possible for me to know this to be the truth? Absolutely because if the answer is no then I'm not gonna make that claim. I'm gonna I'm gonna bump it back a little bit. Does that does that answer the question Damian?

Damian okay. Yes. It does. Yeah, Teddy did that help? Yeah, so but did so then the other takeaway though would be based on everything.

We've said so far as a it's most important to avoid. triggering these thoughts in the lead Yeah, I mean for sure, you know, like I I think look man. I I think I would say that it's You know, look it's certainly most important to avoid triggering these in the lead you you could say because right the lead is arguably the most important chunk of a marketing message, but I think that you want to avoid and does, you know a big bulk of the heavy lifting like I I believe for what it's worth. I believe that the majority of people decide whether they're interested in something right in the lead, right? Like right in the lead and then ultimately it goes from me in my opinion, right it goes from they decide if they want this to ultimately right?

Let me see what the deal is. That's like a lot of people like, let me see what the deal is and then you've got you know other people that like, let me let me see if this is you know legit or not. Um, but I think that you need to avoid these feelings you need to avoid triggering these feelings at any point because at any point like if you you make somebody be like that's a bit of a stretch then it's almost like um, Like I've seen I tell you it's it's amazing because I'm a buyer. I love to buy right and um and and I don't buy a whole lot anymore just because I don't there's you know, not a whole lot that I'm either interested in right now, but I it's it's almost disappointing to me when I've been led to want something and then let's say I click over to the order form and there's some bullets on the order form that introduce more content that's going to be covered in the thing and now I realize oh man, that's not what I wanted. Like that's not that you just let the air out of the balloon like you just pop this balloon you built up so much mystery excitement intention believe ability and now you're you're letting it out and so I I think that you need to we need to be on guard to avoid these feelings and in in Folks at all times right like that at all times.

They're waiting. They're they're looking for that that kink in the armor so to speak so Certainly, the lead is most important, but let me let me bring this up. And so let me do this. There's actually this is actually this shouldn't be here. This exaggerated combined it into two down here.

And so actually it's one two three, four five six, so it's six not seven. So ignore this exaggerating we're gonna come to it. Hyperbolic statements that are not clearly Hyperbole and so not that so Hyperbole and hype are two different things. All right, so hyperbole is a is a figure of speech hyperbole is you know, if I say, you know, the the concert was so crowded. It was like, you know, there were so many people there.

It was like, you know, like more than the grains of sand on the beach, right? That's that's hyperbole. That's a hyperbolic, you know statement. That's a figure of speech and it's clearly not meant to be taken literally right? It's not meant to be taken literally.

And so um, and there's nothing wrong with the use of hyperbole in communication, right? It's a figure of speech. It has its place right even in some of the best speeches of all time by politicians by leaders what not. You're gonna find some hyperbolic statements. The problem is when when certain hyperbolic statements are used and they're not really being used as hyperbole.

They're being used. Um as just a statement like when you see things like, um, this is gonna create a tsunami of buyers a Title Wave of you know, a buyers into your into your right that's not it's not clear if this person is merely just hyping that or they're trying to use Hyperbole and so hyperbolic statements that are not clearly hyperbole where the The user doesn't know that the the consumer doesn't know that this person is is being figurative, right? No good and I see this all the time and so it's better to just avoid it altogether. If you don't know how to properly use hyperbole, right and you could go over to Google and search hyperbole. There's nothing Hyperbole and hype are two different things.

And so it's when people are using Hyperbole and it's not clear if it's intended to be hyperbole. It's not it's not clear whether it's intended to be a figure of speech and now I'm not sure if this person just just using this language to just exaggerate or for a fact, right and so um important Next is and we'll talk about we'll talk about these before I show you the example. I just want to be sensitive to time, um, excessive adjectives or puffery this goes back to that puffery. When we start to use these adjectives these descriptors that are really meaningless and that are um, just intended to build up the view of the thing that we're talking about. This is incredible.

This is tremendous. This is great. This is um, you know, you'll be overwhelmed with Glee and you know, Those kind of statements and descriptors that's puffery right when you use excessive puffery in copy you start to come across as trying to hard as trying to write paint a picture that's not accurate. And so before I go on does anybody have anything to add to anything that I've said so far? Nope, I'm good.

Yep, okay. So the next one this is important. I want you to listen to me and then we're gonna get to the to the very last one and I'm going to show you an example of this. So, um exaggerating the negative future Pace or exaggerating the positive future Pace right is to me um over selling. So what do I mean?

By the negative future pace, so right this is when let's say when we talk about problem agitate solve right? When we we introduce the the, you know, you got this problem. If you don't take care of this problem, here's what's going to happen. Excuse me. Right, and then we agitate the problem.

We put salt on the wound, right? We twist the knife a little bit. Um well and I've often said that when you use problem agitate solve, right? It's typically you cover problem very quickly, right you agitate the problem, which is a little bit longer than than the time it takes to cover the problem and then we introduce the solution and we get through problem agitate quickly to get to the solution so problem and then we expand on that with agitate the problem put salt on the wound right let the prospect know, you know, what what's gonna happen if they stay on the same course that they're on right now or what could happen and then we get to the solution. Well that agitate is a negative future Pace.

We're showing them what life can be like What life will potentially be like for them? If they don't take the right action to solve their problem, right? If they either don't do anything or if they take the wrong action the wrong product the wrong investment, whatever it may be and we're showing them we're painting a picture for them ultimately of what could happen if they if they don't take the right action, right? Well, when two things number one when you go on and on right when that agitate that net negative future piece is too long. Yeah, it feels manipulative.

It feels like you're trying to hard. It feels like you are trying to really scare them. It comes across that way. Right? And so I see this sometimes with um copy that comes across my desk, um for health supplements where a lot of the health supplements are very formulaic.

You've got this problem right problem agitate and the agitate goes on. I've seen copy where the the agitate goes on. It's like two pages worth of copy of agitating and the agitate the agitate is exaggerated, right like, you know, but it's all of a sudden it's like, you know, you'll you're gonna lose your license your family is gonna abandon you you're gonna wind up in a nursing home and you're gonna die all alone, right? Meanwhile they're talking about like, you know, Hearing loss, you know what? I mean?

Like you just exaggerated that negative future pace so such to such an extreme level that now you you like it feels manipulative. The same thing applies and this is important the same thing applies when you are painting that that when you're when you're using a positive future Pace when you're now when you present the solution, right and the benefits of that of that solution, right and how and why it works and blah blah and then you future Pace what life can be like and now you do the same thing right? Where here where you just exaggerate that right? You're you're let's say talking about fixing email deliverability. That's ultimately at the core of what you're talking about.

Let's just say but now part of your your future pace is like you're leaving the office earlier. You're going home. You're finally you're enjoying dinner with your kids. You're now viewed as the greatest husband and the greatest, you know, or the greatest the wife the greatest parent right all because you fix your email deliverability, right like and it's just an exaggerated after picture. Right and I see like Adidas, you know, smiling and laughing because it sounds ridiculous.

I see it all the time. I see it all the time and and it's because and it's directly linked to this last bullet, which we're going to cover in a second and then I'm gonna show you an example. It's because of something that that um that we've talked about many times in the past something that Teddy has brought up actually many times in the past, which is What people do is they'll continue to they'll look at well, what are the benefits of this and then they'll ask themselves? Well, what's the benefit of that? Well, so okay.

So email deliverability is is better. So what's the benefit of that? Well we get we make more sales from from our email. So what's the benefit of that we've got more cash flow? So what's the benefit of that?

Well, we can hire more people on our team. Well, what's the benefit of that I I work less right and so I can get home earlier. So what's the benefit of that I can be more present with my family and go on vacations, right? What's the benefit of that? Well, I'll feel like a better father and and blah and so okay cool.

Now I know what they ultimately really want. So now let me link my email deliverability offer all the way to I'm gonna finally feel like a great a great father and here is where and I want you to listen to me. Okay. I want you to listen to me. Yes, that's ultimately what they want.

Yes, that's ultimately that maybe ultimately what they want. You have to understand what is believable and what's gonna be viewed as exaggeration or a stre. So yes, that is what they want. But ultimately right ultimately. You're gonna you're gonna wind up presenting something that's gonna be too much of a stretch to either too much exaggeration or too much of a stretch for them to believe you're risking.

Right? Like you're it's almost like you're you know, you've got an eight, you know a chain that can withstand 80 pounds of pressure and you're putting 80 pounds of pressure on that 81 pounds of pressure like you are stressing that thing back off a little bit back off a little bit. And so this brings us to similar to the exaggerated positive future pace something very similar to this is this idea of stretch benefits and stretch benefits are what it is that I really just covered when I set right when you're stretching you said we're talking about email deliverability. And now all of a sudden you're linking it and you're talking about it in your copy with you're going to be a better father and you're gonna be viewed as a better father. Those are stretch stretch benefits.

This is a screenshot from a brand new offer first iteration from a client, um that I reviewed This it doesn't include my notes on here just for the you know, you don't need to to know who this is, but this was um, this was first iteration of this copy. And so this was a section this section was basically like the benefits of when you use their emails and so you can see here in this first one right first of all, you know done Well in that right all verb driven experience ignite reclaim Elevate unveil eliminate, right so he's got verb driven, but I want what I want you to see here is this is about getting emails right there emails using their emails their email sequences experience a flood of sales and increased Roi on autopilot, forget the whole use of flood of sales right here. I don't want to get into I'm not getting we're not getting into specific copy here. Okay, we're not getting into specific copy. I just want you to look at the Bold.

I want you to look at the benefits being conveyed here in the Bold experience a flood of sales and increased Roi on autopilot ignite your email list with killer engagement and convert more leads into sales reclaim your time back as we handle your email campaigns from start to finish elevate your brand reputation by providing unmatched value to your subscribers unveil hidden opportunities and bottlenecks to optimize your email strategy eliminate stress and worry by relying on true. mail marketing experts So for me, I'll say not bad right like not bad nothing, you know, not not bad. Um at all what I said, what I would do, um is in this section here is I would stick to the specific, um email marketing, uh benefits or email marketing results email marketing outcomes, uh, and I wouldn't start to get into um, things like brand reputation unmatched value. Now, I got to give a little bit of additional context here because the rest of the copy the deck copy and the copy leading up to this section was all is really all about Is all about like what happens when you don't have your email marketing nailed what happens to the ROI on your lead gen and what happens to your your ability to generate sales on you know on the on the Fly and have predictability with your email database and and blah blah and so right there was no mention ever or there was no problem or agitation as it relates to Brand reputation. There was no mention or discussion of of value and delivering value.

There was no mention of time right and it's sucking up your your time like and and having them be too busy to do email on campaign. There was nothing about a bottlenecks right in there in their email like and or hidden opportunities in their email. There was no There was no thing about you know, like worry as it relates to their mark it was about specifically like when you when you can't monetize your email list, right? You don't get the ROI you need you can invest in New in new leads the way you kept right? I would keep this all focused on a on email outcomes.

So let me let me show you. Let me see if I can pull this. Pull this up without you to see if I can do this real quick. Should have had this ready. Okay.

So what I Was here. So what I said was. I talked about increase. Let me pull this back up over here. Rather than getting into brand reputation rather than getting into you know your time rather than getting into hidden opportunities and it's funny because it almost and this is what I shared in the in part of my feedback.

I said, right you started off with a bang and then it it started to just feel like it got weaker and weaker and weaker as it went on like right like experience a flood of sales all the way down to you know, like on time brand reputation hidden opportunities. Trust worry I said, what I would have focused on is just in I would have won that was increase your Revenue like make more money I would have another one that is about consistent cash flow. Right when you have when your email strategy is totally nailed and dialed you get consistent cash flow. I would have another one that's just about monetization predictability right like, um, Uh, what was I gonna say knowing being able to predict and know when you're gonna monetize your leads and your email list and knowing how you're a lead is gonna perform and you know, how much money it's gonna put in your bank account. I would talk about multiplying Roi so I would have broken these two out especially because they're they're different the sales and increased Roi I would have talked about some multiplying Roi in another one.

I would have talked about having an additional sales channel that you can use I would have talked about then I would have talked about if anything greater connection with leads, but you see how I'm not stretching to I'm not getting into brand reputation being well known in the marketplace. I'm sticking to the core right that's believable. Right? That's plausible that I can explain that I can back up. That's not a stretch to believe that somebody can't say.

Yeah, but what about this? Well, what about We mess this up how will my brand reputation then work right with with you know with that and so this is the idea of not presenting stretch benefits or being being careful that you're not stretching it too far. I'm not saying that this is stretching too far. I'm saying that it would be more impactful the way that I would write the cop more impactful if we stuck to what is um, absolutely believable and directly connected to what it is that we're fixing right? It's not three steps removed if that makes sense.

And so any questions any questions any anything that you guys would add to what it is that we just talked about. I know we went through that quick. Anything Adidas you good? I'm good like good. Good, Michael you good.

Teddy good. Yep. Good great. Damian good solid Yeah, I think good awesome. I love it, you know to wrap up I think look you know, this is it's one of those things.

It's just it the point that I really want to leave you with. Is I'm just always very sensitive to um, is this going to trigger some? right, like that's that that's a very, you know, it's an interesting thing because I I think that a lot of copyrighters a lot of marketers, they're constantly thinking about what's gonna make these people salivate right like and they're never or or they're they're rarely thinking like am I risking making this person go hmm. That's a little hmm. That seems like a stretch that seems questionable that seems and so right I you know, yes you want to yes, we want to be able to like I want to be able to promise the moon if it's true and it's believable, but I'm very sensitive to saying things that are gonna make people go how how's that that's a little oh that feels right.

And I think that a lot of that comes from the the exposure the years of exposure that I had that I've had with the Agora style copy, even though a lot of people today would say that That Agora is some of the you know, really pushes the envelope with things. I think they push the envelope with their ideas and every now and then something slips through that does push the envelope in terms of what they're claiming, but they were just very good at making their marketing not sound and feel like marketing. It wasn't pushing it was leading, right? It wasn't it didn't come across as manipulative. It came across as editorial, right?

And so and it's different right? It came across as editorial. It's why you know, like good advertorials are all good advertorials. I believe are a great example of where when something can it doesn't feel like marketing but it is marketing and that's why the newspapers make them put that slug right at the top that this is an advertisement. So nobody's fooled into thinking this is editorial.

Um, but right and so that balance of we To lead them. We want it to be exciting. We wanted to be compelling. We want them to be blown away. We want them to be salivating but we want to we want to make sure that right like it.

We're not triggering anything along the way that makes them say, this is too good to be true or this is a little bit over the top or this person seems shady or hey, you know, stop manipulating me and so good. Yeah. All right. Good. Think about it.

You guys are out of here have an amazing day if you need anything sliders.
