---
title: "cc_2023-04-18"
date: 2023-04-18
duration: 1h 6m
duration_seconds: 3981
vimeo_id: 818847896
folder: "2023 Copy Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-04-18

**Date:** 2023-04-18 | **Duration:** 1h 6m | **Folder:** 2023 Copy Calls

---

Hmm what's going on gang? Howard everybody, how are you? How are you? My how's the how's the mouth Michael much better? Thanks.

Good. Awesome. Good to see you Adidas as always. You've got Damien and and Teddy and so very cool. So we are recording already.

And so what we're gonna do. Is we're going to jump right in and we're gonna look at some copy specifically we're going to look at the copy for the vsl that we recently used in a in our bullet campaign. Ironically. This is kind of meta in that we're looking at a vsl for a bullet campaign that is offering the boot camp on how to do bullet campaigns. And so it's kind of a little bit meta but what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna share my screen and here we are over here.

And so I am going to bring this bad boy over here. And hopefully you guys can see this and so I'm gonna go through this and then we're gonna discuss this as we do keep in mind just for reference. Hopefully, I don't say anything crazy. I haven't had carbohydrates in like three days and so my brain is a little bit crazy nevertheless. This should be really interesting and and insightful.

So the very first thing that I want to give some kind of context some background on this Just so that you know what it is that we're talking about. And this is a really interesting vsl. This is it interesting copy for reasons that I'm going to share with you in just a few minutes some stuff that Damian and I were talking about the other day. So number one. Let's talk a little bit about the the product and offer so the product so a couple months ago, I at our most recent top one Mastermind experience.

I took the three sessions that I normally do on three different topics, and we finally took the opportunity to For me to teach the entire bullet campaign method bullet campaign is the name of the kind of the email system that we use every single week. Um, internally, it's the kind of the the email marketing system that we use to lead generate out of our list and and ultimately put offers in front of new people on a regular weekly basis without burning out the the list and this thing has been a this this kind of process this approach which we've used over the years and some form or fashion. We just really went uh, you know, 100% in on this about a year ago. Uh, what was I gonna say? Um, I this is Benny a it's been a game changer.

And so that combined with I started to see through my one-on-one planning sessions and consults and coaching sessions with our highest level clients with top one folks that many were missing or lacking a reliable consistent email component to their marketing plan as crazy as that sounds right? They were kind of very many were very haphazard with their email their email marketing or they had a very kind of Short email marketing process meaning they they had something that they ran for 21 days when somebody was a new subscriber to their list and that was it. And so there were lots of gaps lots of gaps and opportunities for folks. And so I found myself starting to to teach this process this bullet campaign system one off one at a time to to clients and then I started to get reports back from different clients that how it was it was really making a difference. Hence.

What led me to say I need to kind of share this with everybody and I need to get everybody on the same page and I need to get everybody using this same process. So I did that. I took three sessions the top one we of course recorded the whole thing. We had a you know, professional, um AV, um crew there. And so it was a complete A to Z boot camp if you will on this bullet campaign process, so we decided of course to take those recordings and to give a limited opportunity to our audience to the marketplace.

Specifically our tribe so our our list our database not a cold traffic the opportunity to get those recordings and we chose a what I feel is extremely discounted price point which is 297. Now there's the interesting thing is is there's there's no bonuses there included there's there's no there's no bonuses. There is no guarantee. So there's no risk reversal. No guarantee.

There is no payment plan, you know, no payment option. So in terms of an offer it is it doesn't get more basic than here's what you get you get the the and I'm gonna go through exactly how I broke it down and it's 297 bucks. I'll tell you and Damien maybe you can chime in. I don't know the or Teddy. I don't know the exact um numbers, but I believe that the conversion rate was somewhere north of 4% on a 297 and so somebody correct me on my way off on that.

It was it was closer to yeah, I'll pull the exact numbers but I would say it's closer to five or six percent last I checked. Okay, so it It did it did well right at a 297 price point to have a 5% you know conversion rate that is five percent not from cold traffic. That's 5% from our internal list, but nevertheless 5% on a on a 297. This is a very basic vsl. It's an interesting thing because what I wanted to do was I wanted to this was the second version of of copy and what I really decided that I wanted to do and kind of put to the test was a a very direct like this is what it is.

This is what it'll do for you. This is like how the product came about and here is the offer and so kind of almost a compressed of version. Of what it is that we typically do now you're gonna see E5 elements in here. Uh, but you're gonna see a very compressed a presentation the other thing that's really interesting that you'll see in a second is I said, so there's no there's no guarantee. There's no bonuses.

There's no proof. No, no proof. There's no proof. I in here like it. It was really, you know, it's baffling right?

There's there's no proof like in the end when I went through this I was like and I was aware of this so it wasn't like this slipped through the cracks or anything, but I was like mmm, I was like, let me put this to the test because I really I really believe that this is kind of fast moving. It's it really lays out benefit benefit. Here's how this came about. Here's the deal, you know grab it or not. Um, and so let's just take a look at this.

And so I'm gonna periodically stop share kind of some insights what I was ultimately trying to do here and ask for any insights, uh from you guys anything that you see or would say here. And what I do want you to notice is that outside of kind of the the foundational kind of structure of what what I'm doing here. This is very basic like this is a very basic vsl. This is almost you could you could almost say this is a bit old school. It's very basic.

There's nothing really wildly special about what we're about to look at here. And so Let's just jump right in. So hey, this is hey, this is Todd Brown. Now. Let me stop.

Let me stop for one second, right we right and and point something out. So this is not a front-end campaign. This is not right and this is an important distinction for you guys to understand. This is not a front-end campaign. This is for all intents of purposes a back end campaign.

Meaning that this campaign was created. This copy was written to be exposed to our house list two hour database. So we're not going to cold traffic with this right? Obviously, you know, if I was going to cold traffic with this, I would not start by saying. Hey, this is Todd Brown why because for cold traffic they couldn't care less that's meaningless to them.

And so right I'm starting with. Hey, this is Todd Brown because I'm assuming that I'm talking to people that know who Todd Brown is and that comes with some level of you know of cash that comes with some level of credibility, by the way. As a side note, right you'll also notice that no credibility building in here. So right and and again if this was front end, that would be wildly different. I would introduce myself but I wouldn't do it right up front.

I would do it right after the lead and I would have credibility building or credibility establishing. But because this is back end and right there's an assumption on my part that they at least have some level of of knowledge of who I am. I was like, you know what let me let me cut that out. I want it to try to keep it as compressed tight pithy as I possibly could so Hey, this is Todd Brown in the next five minutes. I'm going to explain the most effective email marketing strategy.

I've used over the past two decades Marketing Online. Now. One thing I want to point out. Is that right? That that is like an old school opening right that it don't get more old school than that, right?

And so in the next five minutes, I'm going to explain the most effective email marketing strategy. I've used over the past two decades of Marketing Online, um five minutes this this vsl isn't five minutes. But what I looked at was I looked at where at the five minute Mark did I already share what the strategy is and the answer is yes, and so right I gave a little bit of understanding of what the strategy is and so in the next five minutes, I'm going to explain the most effective email strategy. I didn't say that this video was five minutes. I just said that in the next five minutes, I'm gonna explain and the reason why I really wanted to get that out there in the next five minutes rather than just say in this video.

I'm gonna explain was obviously to convey brevity to convey. Like if you've got five minutes then stick around right like think about this. We've got this hook of right the most effective email marketing strategy. I've used over the past two decades marketing Marketing Online. And I used most effective rather than let's say most profitable or highest converting because I figured that most effective kind of gave me the opportunity to speak to people that were interested in more profit more conversions more opens more clicks, right it almost it to it I could feel if I'm looking for more clicks that well this is gonna give me that if I'm looking for more opens, I could feel like this is gonna give me that if I'm looking for more sales.

I feel like right almost like this could give me that so I didn't want to page in my pigeonhole myself and say most profitable, um, right up front here. So I said, um most effective to try to capture the you know, a little bit of a wider folks now if I was doing front end if this was a front end campaign, I would have gone a lot more specific right? So I would have gone a lot more specific a lot more measurable. I would have chosen probably one specific metric and I would have honed in on that right again. This is why it's important.

To recognize there's a huge difference between crafting copy for a front-end campaign and crafting copy for a back-end campaign. They're they're not the same so Uh in the next five minutes, I'm gonna explain the most effective email marketing strategy that I've used blah blah. So right curiosity alluding to right like alluding to um, this could be right something different than what you you know, right but right curiosity. excuse me all so implying a an approach a methodology system a framework, not merely Like the three things that I did to improve my email copy or the three things that I did to improve my email open rates, right? But in implying that there is a system a methodology, uh behind this and then look at the second sentence right doesn't get more basic than than this.

It's radically different than anything. I've seen anyone else do or teach how how often guys do. We we tell our clients this all the time right like that that what what prospects want to know is is this more of the same or is this different? No, like look in an ideal perfect Universe when you're when you are Front end I would probably figure out I would rather show what makes it different or how it's different rather than merely just say it's different because I feel like the marketplace is now seeing everybody and their brother start to say this is different and so right on the front end, I would much rather demonstrate or explain like right, you know, because this doesn't require X Y or Z or because this doesn't use elementop or because this is based on blah blah or because this Taps into you know, the human emotion Spectrum right for the first time. This is wildly different than everything else.

I would have gotten more specific and unpack that a bit on the front end but on the back end right? I didn't feel like it was necessary. It's radically different than anything. I've I've seen anyone else do or teach but I now have all my highest level clients use this because this one email marketing method produces more consistent weekly sales and revenue than anything else. I've done or tested.

So right that little that little sentence right there that that paragraph right there is right, but I now have all my highest level clients use this trying to prop the value, right? So trying to build the value demonstrate like this is so big that I now have all my highest level clients, um using this and then right of course the use of the word because right so now what follows is the the proof pointer the the this I just the support the reason why this is the case, but then what can you see here's another claim So in three sentences in the first three sentences, you're seeing two big outcome based, you know implicit claims that this is the most effective email marketing strategy that I've used in two decades and that this one email marketing method produces more consistent weekly sales and revenue than anything else I've ever done or tested right? So two big bold claims, right? Uh in the first three sentences and then I went all in last year using this email system and for the past 12 months this one simple type of email campaign. I'm about to explain to you has pushed my company the highest level of monthly profits in the history of the of the company and it continues to bring me crazy high profits every month now for all from this one type of three-part email sequence.

So one I use over and over. So look at for a second in the first sentence. I say email marketing strategy. In the third sentence. I say email marketing method.

In the four sentence I say email system. In the fifth sentence. I say um email type of email campaign. And then in the next sentence all from this one three-part email sequence. So notice how repetition without being repetitious you see that.

Right and this this is an important thing like number one. I want to make sure always that that it's Crystal Clear what it is that I'm talking about right obviously in here you can tell when when we get down to, you know, like this sentence right here. So, you know, one two three four five six, this is the seventh sentence in here. Like I've mentioned email how many how many times email one two, three, four five. I've mentioned five times in seven cents, right?

But I'm not saying I'm not referring to it as I didn't say email marketing strategy email marketing strategy email marketing strategy email marketing strategy because that would just feel redundant and repetitious. So I'm driving home. I'm making sure that I'm emphasizing what this is about right? I'm referring to it um in In different in different ways, uh over and over and over I and so if you look over here, let's go back for one second. Most effective email marketing strategy.

I've used over the past two decades, uh produces more consistent weekly sales and revenue than anything else. push my company the highest level of profits continues to bring in high profits and I'm able to use this over use this over and over look at what was packed in right within the first Whatever. It is 150 words, right it right right in there. And then what do I do? I call it a bullet campaign.

So what am I doing? What is the bullet campaign in this in this? Like, what is the bullet campaign? That's your unique mechanism. You see that everybody right?

Like that's Michael's Michael spot on all it is the unique mechanism all it is over here, right? I'm gonna explain the most effective email marketing strategy. What is this doing? This is alluding to a unique mechanism but building curiosity right before we name it. So right this one that the most effective email marketing strategy the one email marketing method, which is referring to the same thing.

Right? It's it's alluding to the same unique mechanism one simple type of email campaign, right? It's not it's not one one email campaign. That's why I had to say one simple type of email campaign, right this just type of email campaign this email marketing method this email marketing, um strategy over here, right? All of those are alluding to the unique mechanism.

And then finally I introduce it right here and then I follow it up with and I'll explain why and how it works for you in just a minute. What's the why and how it works for you in just a minute. What what's that doing? What's the technique at Play? Opening a loop.

That's it opening a loop. Right? Like, you know, it's called it's almost like you're coming to you know, you're coming to this Crescendo and then you're like we're gonna get there like right like, you know what? I mean? It's it'll do this for you.

It's a it's the most it's the most effective thing that I I've used. It's wildly different than anything else. That's why I have all my top clients use it now because right it's blah blah. It's the most profitable thing that uh, you know, that that I've used in fact over the past 12 months. It's push our company to blah blah blah.

I call it a bullet campaign and I'll explain why and how it works for you in just a minute. Like boom and then we pull back. So right like we we pull back now the funny thing is the funny thing. Yeah. I think it ahead of you though.

So like but isn't there another unique mechanism coming then? Which is what? The internal lead generation method. Well, so You could say you're absolutely right. That's a great Insight.

So the Bullet campaign is the you know, I've often said that sometimes you know. that that sometimes there are unique mechanisms within unique mechanisms. Like you could make the argument that the E5 method is right. The E5 method is the unique mechanism. It's right when we say right like we're gonna I'm gonna show you a new way a different way to engineer campaigns that bring you new buyers every day right that new method is called the or that new that new approach is called the E5 method, right?

And and so that becomes the unique mechanism in that promise and when we dive into The the actual E5 method you could make the argument that that building your your marketing message around what's called a unique mechanism, right? The reason why any five campaign is able to stand out get attention and give your prospects a sense of hope that they don't get from the typical approach is because the E5 method uses what's called a unique mechanism see not you could make the argument Teddy that we've just now introduced a sub unique mechanism into the mix and you'd be right like you'd be correct whether we want to formally say that's a second unique mechanism and how many unique mechanisms do you need? I don't I don't think it's worth like I don't think we need to fully categorize things that way but you're you're absolutely right. I'm gonna get to a point where I say the reason why this works right in essence, right? The reason why this bullet campaign works is because news is in what's called internal lead generation and internal lead generation is how we're able to produce sales while we keep the list.

You know responding and engaged so you certainly could make the case that there the part of the you know, a sub unique mechanism is um is internal lead generation. You could also just say it's it's me, it's us explaining why the or giving some level of explanation some level of support of here's what makes the bullet campaign different and here's why it works because it's based on right this thing that we call internally generation and then never explaining what that that power source is but you're absolutely right for pointing out that there is a there's absolutely power in us saying the reason why the bullet campaign works is because it's built on internal lead generation. Does anybody have anything to add to that? I don't know how many of you have seen this already so that you're aware of what Teddy just said. Michael have you seen this or not?

Yeah Adidas. Have you seen this? Are you are referring to a double nested? Um Ah, I'm referring like that's my new. Um, it's called the double nested.

Um, that's great. Um, it's it's actually that double nested. Um is powered by a triple nested. Um, My gosh, um, but so the the point is right like that. We'll we'll get there and and so I will get there but that's a great.

That's a great Insight Teddy. Um, I call it the bullet campaign. We're introducing the the unique mechanism. Like we said, I'll explain why and how it works for you in just a minute open loop. And now this is funny because um, it's almost like Alex I'll explain how and why why and how it works for you in just a minute and then I immediately kind of just go back to I I wanted to I wanted to lead with the benefits.

Like I really wanted to get the benefits, you know up front and so like and and really make sure that I spelled it out. Um, and so I said, let me see if I can take the benefits and present them right after that open loop and almost present them in a way where it it feels like I am starting to give you the answer to this to this promise like and so right I call it a bullet campaign and I'll explain why and how it works for you in just a minute in a nutshell. So it's almost like by me starting off and saying in a nutshell, it's almost like I'm saying, you know, I'll tell you how and why it works and just a second but in a nutshell, let me You a little taste right now. Let me give you a little bit. Let me try to sum it up right now for you so that you really kind of can get a quick, you know Taste of of why and how it works.

But if you look here. What you'll notice is that there is no why or how in my explanation it's just really benefits right? Like so you see how it's presented in a way by me saying in a nutshell, it feels like what I'm about to do is sum up the answer to this but but you'll see in a second. There ain't no why in there ain't no how in here that's coming later. And so um, so then I go on in a nutshell the bullet campaign strategy now by the way notice this Notice this um, and you'll see over here that now that I introduced the unique mechanism, right?

That's a little kind of tiny tiny thing. Now that I introduce the unique mechanism, you're now gonna see me refer to it by the unique mechanism name, you're not gonna see me refer to it. Um, like 99% of the time you're not gonna see me refer to it blindly like this email marketing method. I I or like this email sequence. You're gonna see me refer to it by name.

The only time that I may use this kind of, you know, blind email marketing method is if I want to is if I I don't like I want to I want to make a statement and I don't want to have to say this this bullet campaign and say that in say that twice in the same sentence right or very close to each other, but now that I've introduced it. Now I'm going to refer to it by name and this is an important thing because I always want to attach the benefits the results to the unique mechanism that I'm talking about and I want the prospect to see right to get it and to see a tight connection. So right I tend to use right bullet campaign result or result. Thanks to this bullet campaign result. Thanks to this bullet campaign with this bullet campaign result.

So there is a that I'm putting bullet campaign bullet campaign strategy bullet process, whatever any any, you know, naming of the unique mechanism in close proximity in the copy in the copy to result to pay off to transformation so that and I'm doing it over and over and over right so that like right this is one of those things I see this I last last night. I got the amazing opportunity to spend a couple of hours with with some some great marketers learning copy in Brazil. Thanks to Paolo in our top one Mastermind group. And um and and so I got to review copy. They went through all these steps to have a translated into English for me.

And then they there was they were translating stuff live on this thing was it was really super cool. And of course I saw one I saw a mistake that I see so often made one of the most common mistakes and it's this. Um, This like mentioning the topic or mentioning the um once and then assuming that people know what you're what you're referring to right like there was a there was a thing there was one sales letter that somebody wrote and it was about skincare. It was ultimately about like improving your your skin clearing up blemishes looking having your skin. Look youthful all all that kind of stuff and I think like on the first page of copy the word skin was used once I said that's insane.

Like that's ludicrous like right like, you know quick somebody could miss that like or forget what you're or even just assume like they mentioned skin once maybe it's not Central to what they're talking about. And so same thing with the unique mechanism don't they'll name the unique mechanism and then they'll kind of Veer and they'll they'll stop talking about it. Right? I don't want to do that. I want to continue to keep it out in front.

So You'll see me do that here the bullet campaign strategy makes it so you consistently get additional sales every week from your email list giving you more consistent cash flow and making your email list worth more and more to you every month. Now you'll notice this is a little bit weird language. Um, and so probably could have improved the the way that I said this but this was ultimately positioning the bullet campaign as the thing doing the work right the bullet campaign strategy makes it so that you right it allows you it it gets you additional sales every week from your email list, right? It's doing the work and so that's what I was that's what I was trying to ultimately say here this strategy this overall approach right puts you in a position so that you're consistently getting additional, um sales, um, every week giving you more cash flow your and making your email list worth more and more to you every month. This doesn't replace what you're doing right now with email.

So it doesn't require you to change up your entire email strategy. Not at all. That was Trying to just deal with an objection or a potential concern. Like I just learned how to do a newsletter. I just started doing XYZ.

Do I have to change everything do I have to learn relearn everything to have to teach my staff? Do I have to do all that? So I was just trying to address a concern. A bullet campaigns are simple easy to set up email sequences. You can use to bring an additional sales any week that you don't have any emails to send to your list that you don't any weeks that you don't know what to promote your list or any weeks that you just want an extra pop of sales revenue and profits.

You'll make more money with one bullet campaign and you'll make a lot more money with more bullet campaigns. And yes these the these little bullet campaigns will work for you no matter what size email list you have and you can set up a bullet campaign in one afternoon like a couple of hours and a bullet campaign Works without you having to create any new products or offers without you having to create any new marketing funnels from scratch or anything. And without you having to get any more website traffic. You don't need to do any of that with this method we're gonna take any products or offers you already have or any new ones you decide to create in the future, whether low ticket mid-ticket or even high ticket. It doesn't matter and we're gonna use a bullet campaign to bring in more sales every week fill in any gaps or holes in your marketing calendar and make your cash flow steady and more reliable the whole bullet campaign system.

Works to get to get more sales from your existing email list every week while keeping your list responsive and buying more and more from you. That's it. In other words. This is how to use email to put more offers in front of your list without burning them out. This is the most effective way.

I found a monetize an email list every week 52 times a year without ever hurting the engagement or responsiveness of the list. Do you see how it was just a freaking barrage of? Of benefit of what makes this exciting of what this will do for you of what you stand to gain, um over here, right like over here consistently get additional sales every week from your email list consisting cash flow a lit an email list worth more and more. It's simple right and easy to um to use you can bring in additional sales any week, right? And then I gave some criteria any week that you don't have any emails to send.

You don't know what to promote or you just want an extra pop of sales. This was based on all the conversations that I had with our top one folks. Right? This is it was one of those gaps or issues or needs that led to me having these conversations with them. They didn't know what to send.

They had gaps or holes in there in their marketing calendar or they just wanted to make more money from their email list. Look you'll make more money with one. You'll make a lot more money with more they'll work for you no matter what size email list covering a concern or objection. You can set it up in one afternoon right like a couple hours demonstrating. Um, Speed uh, it works without you having to create any new products any new marketing funnel, right?

So overcoming more, um concerns. Uh, I mean look pretty pretty straightforward. Like what it is that I'm doing here anything any questions that you guys would ask so far or anything that you would add to what it is that I've just gone through No. Okay, I like it. Uh, so right and then I say, right if that sounds valuable for your business then pay close attention to what I'm about to cover for you.

I'm gonna go through this quick for you. Right? Like I actually said I'm gonna go through this quick for you because I I know I was gonna go through this. I knew that this was gonna be a vsl on the shorter side. If you look at this, this is a total of five pages five pages of copy selling a 297 product converting that somewhere between four and and six percent low end for high end six percent from our house list.

And so, uh, right you guys should see it sound this sound familiar. Rightly, it's the line that we teach folks to to use in some form or fashion. I you know in in almost all of our E5. Campaigns now look if you if you look at this. I'm gonna continue right here.

I really wasn't sure with how deep I wanted to go in kind of pulling back the curtain and showing what a what a you know bullet campaign really is um, because I didn't want you know, I I was nervous about risking the oh, I know what you're talking what he's talking about, but What I I realized was that there were a couple of things that I can talk about when talking about the bullet campaign that would add a little mystery and would prevent folks from being able to say, oh I know exactly what it is that that Todd's talking about and I'll Point those out in a second so over here right first off bullet campaigns are very simple. See this very simple. It's lazy copy. That's really lazy copy. But what I really wanted to point out here was simple fast easy.

You see me hammering that right like this is I think the third time that I that I've said in some, you know, some simple easy fast. um And I'm I'm almost um, I'm doing this for two reasons. I say right there very simple. This is almost going to seem basic to you. I'm doing two things here.

I am like, oh I said that for two reasons one. Because I certainly wanted to deal with the potential objection or concern that. This there doesn't seem anything special here, right like and so I wanted to deal with that but it was also another way of me reinforcing just how simple this is like, this is so simple that you're almost gonna think that this is basic. That's how simple this this actually is, right? So it was a way for me to re-emphasize the Simplicity of this and yet deal with a potential objection of somebody saying this seems rather Elementary and then I go and I say a bullet campaign is made up of just three pieces your standard marketing and sales page with an offer a two-step email sequence, which is where the real magic happens any unique type of deadline what's called a dynamic deadline very simple and something that you can do on any web page.

That's it. Like I said this bullet campaign can be fully set up in a couple of hours. Now I said the real magic happens with the two step email sequence, you know, this is where I've got to add in I'm gonna explain. Or give a little bit of of insight into why the bullet campaign works, but I'm also gonna build in some mystery, right? So now I am I'm making sure that they don't say.

Oh, I I think I know what a two-step sequence is or I think I know exactly what what Todd's talking about. So I'm gonna add in what I felt was just enough mystery to pull that away to prevent people from from saying that but also be able to explain here's why it works like Teddy pointed out that second, you know unique mechanism. If you will I said the real magic happens with the two-step email sequence part of the bullet campaign because this is where we use what I call internal lead generation and the internal lead generation strategy is largely why and how a bullet campaign is able to produce new sales for you while keeping your list highly responsive. That's all I said to explain how and why this campaign works and work. So well, that's I I am I actually removed a paragraph over here where I went.

I went deeper like and then I decided I'm like, I don't know if I need to go deeper on this and I was afraid that if I went deeper that I would you know, bring people into this educating, you know, like mindset or this learning mindset and so I just cut it out. This is literally the entire the entire explanation the entire support of right like how and why this works is because it's it's right. It's largely worked. The magic is in this two step sequence and the two step sequence work so well because of its build on this this idea of internal lead generation and this internal lead generation is why this thing is able to produce sales while keeping your your list engaged and then I just go on now once a bullet campaign is set up. Let's say tomorrow, for example, reemphasizing speed quickness like that.

You can get this done, you know, like by tomorrow we can send it immediately to your email list to produce sales and it's Completely automated for now on so there's no additional work work now or whenever you want to fire off the bullet again to bring in even more sales notice how I'm going back to benefit you. Can you can use it right away to generate sales. There's no additional work for you not now or ever you can use this over and over right? You can use this again to bring in more sales, um in the future see how I went right back to benefit what this means for you. What's this gonna do for you?

That's what people care about. You can't have too much of that in your marketing and or in your sales letter in your vsl. You can't have too much of that. You can only not have enough. There are right.

I see a lot of copy where there's a lot of information being delivered and very little what does that mean for me? What does that do for me? What how's this gonna change my life what gets people excited is when it's it's benefit after benefit after benefit after benefit. It's demonstrating. It's simple it's easy and here's why and here's a fast Work for you.

And here's what it'll produce for you and here's what you don't need to do and right here's what you you'll experience and can experience with this and here's what else you can experience in this right and and it works because of this so you can feel great knowing you're using something Cutting Edge you're on the cut. Right? And so that you when you're experiencing this and this and this right you'll know it's going to continue to work for you and you can do this over and over again and like like that's right. You see how that's like it's loaded with exciting compelling kind of claims and and um, And statements. Um, and so then what I wanted to do was kind of say it sum it up.

Actually, let me go back here. And then you'll see how I sum up what what this is all about. And that's also part of the beauty you do the work once to set up a bullet campaign and then you can use it over and over throughout the year to keep bringing in new sales and it produces for you. Every time you use the bullet campaign. Even if your list email list isn't growing.

Right. I didn't say it will produce exactly the same for you. I didn't say it will produce more for you. I just said that and and it produces for you. Every time you use your you use the bullet the bullet campaign.

Uh, I didn't I didn't want to get too deep into like this is one of those things where see what I said. I said you do the work once to set up a bullet pain bullet campaign and then you can use it over and over throughout the year to keep bringing in new sales where a lot of copyrighters and marketers go is they will they feel the need for whatever reason to go deeper and explain what that looks like, right like so that like here's what you can do, right? You can take a bullet campaign and you can now fire at all once every six weeks right every month and a half right? You can send it and so every six weeks you'll be sending you can send this out like and there's no need to do that. Right like to me that explanation or that additional explanation doesn't further the sale.

It doesn't make it more compelling. It doesn't make it more exciting and it's not a meak or break piece of information. It's not like to me without that information. Somebody's not gonna buy right? It's not like somebody sitting here saying what do you mean?

Need to know how exactly I can use it over and over throughout the year before I I buy right so because it's not a make or break piece of information. Then I'm not gonna include it in there. It's unnecessary to me. Right what is necessary or make or break pieces of information? What's not a make or break piece of information then I don't need to talk about and the fact is that when we do talk about these things that are not make or break pieces of information.

We only run the risk of turning people off of losing people of distracting people of taking people out of an emotional state. And so um, so I didn't feel the need to go further and then I go into this summation think of using the strategy like this a bullet campaign is a few Day promotion which generates sales for you for any product or offer. Does it in a way that creates excitement and builds urgency with only those prospects who express interest. This is the first time I'm saying it this way. So while in the past I you know, I've talked about like keeping folks engaged.

I've talked about the lead lead generating right now. I'm it creates excitement it builds urgency with only those prospects who express interest. So you generate sales without pissing off or annoying your list another right first time. I'm saying this benefit. That's a benefit right?

You generate sales without pissing off or annoying your your list and this is all done for you by the two step sequence and the internal lead generation, right? So kind of pointing back to what I felt was the mysterious part of the explanation and you can use or fire off as we like to say look at Momentum here of what's being unpacked, right? Like look at the momentum of you do the work. Once you get this right think of it like this. It generates sales for you.

It doesn't it creates an excitement builds urgency, right? So you generate sales with without pissing off your list, right? It's all done for you by the two-step in the internal lead generation. You can use this you can fire this off right every week. If you want you can recycle the same bullet campaigns every few weeks to have them bring in more sales again for you.

Think about it for you with even just six or seven bullet campaigns something you can absolutely set up in the next few days. If you want you can have 52 freaking new sales producing promotion email promotions going to work for you over the next year 52 weeks out of the Year. You'll have an automated look at the amount of you you'll you'll experience you get you'll have this you'll be gaining this you'll be experiencing this you'll see this you'll enjoy this right you will yours your list your data be your your campaigns your cash flow. Uh over the 52 weeks a year, you'll have an automated email system monetizing your list without ever sacrificing the relationship you have with your opt-ins and leads. Um now mind you I want to point something out here and we're gonna start to wrap up in two minutes.

I know them way way over here see this over here, you'll have an automated system monetizing your list without ever sacrificing the relationship you have with your opt-ins and leads so I could have made this Tighter and said without ever ever sacrificing the relationship with opt-ins and leads. Right. I could have said without ever sacrificing the relationship with optins and leads. I could have said that that's makes sense. Right grammatically that that makes sense.

But the reason why I didn't and I because I wanted to get the word you and your I wanted to bring it back to them. I right. I like I I always strive to bring it home to me. What what I'm saying personal not just third party right? I never talk about right like this is great for entrepreneurs that want to grow their business and entrepreneurs that want to make more money and entrepreneurs that want to be more successful.

I certainly never do that. Right because that's complete third party, right? And so I'm always right you as an entrepreneur. It'll make you more successful. You will experience more more more cash, but even Right when even here when I have the opportunity to you and your that's without ever sacrificing relationship you have with your opt-ins, right and leads.

I might even I might even say when I say it when I verbalize it without ever sacrificing the relationship that you have with your options and with your leads. You you're you're Imagining the impact look at this. Imagine the impact on your business your Revenue your take home income that's done intentionally because I could have very easily said imagine the impact on your business Revenue. Take home income. I didn't say it.

That way. I said imagine the impact on your business your Revenue. You're you're take home income when you have this kind of repeatable reliable system in place putting weekly offers in front of your your email list producing new sales every week and keeping your leads engaged. I probably would would normally go back and say producing new sales every week for you and keeping your leads engaged responsive and buying from you every time you fire off a bullet campaign. So you can't over relatively you can't overuse you you're you will because that's what people care about and so right you can see why Said this is the most effective email marketing strategy I've ever used right I didn't say right.

Um, that's why I said this is the most effective email. No, you can see right you should sing right and and should hopefully be able to see why this increases business profits so much probably over here I should have said right and why this can increase your business profits or why this will increase your business profits so much. And then I go on to just explain over here and we're not going to review this because the I believe that the magic is really in what we we've just reviewed but over here I said, right this is um, it's it's what I teach our new client our our clients our high level clients. It's insanely valuable and then how the product came about now the only time I've ever done a full training on the bullet campaign system was at a recent private top one Mastermind Gathering. I took three hours over three days to teach the entire system from A to Z for my highest level clients.

I had the whole thing professionally recorded so I have the complete bullet Camp bullet campaign boot camp. I can provide to all new high-level clients right now look right now you can get instant access to these same bullet campaign, um bullet campaign boot camp recordings along with the slide handout the implementation guide and the bullet campaign swipe file and instead of paying 1297, which will likely be the price when we roll this out to the public. You can say the thousand bucks today and you get the entire bullet campaign boot camp for only 297. I didn't go on to like I didn't go through this whole, you know song and dance about the discount. That's a thousand dollar.

You know, excuse me. I I didn't go to say like a 297, you know, based on what it is that you can do. That's like, you know a 200x return and you're I just didn't go through on the does that mean that there's no value in doing that. Of course not does that mean that like, we probably shouldn't test aversion with more kind of expanded probably sure. I I think that this is a great example of okay, we prove people want this now.

Let's see what happens when we optimize this bad boy. Maybe when we do a right bring in a risk reversal a guarantee that is huge right like implement this do this at least twice and you either see XYZ results or we're gonna give you your money back plus an extra thousand dollars and blah blah blah and we're gonna do an email to we're gonna set you up with an email deliverability consult as a bonus like yeah. It's worth but the point is that right you you can see that. That uh, you gotta have the foundation right in place the foundation right gotta have the foundation in place. Uh, Yeah, this this is it.

This is the whole this is the whole offer right here. Lit right right here. That's it. And it's nothing. Uh, you'll only 297 you should realize this is a bargain when you compare this to what even just one bullet campaign will be worth you over this next year.

Remember the system you're getting is the in this bundle makes it so you consistently get additional sales every week from your email list going back again repeating the benefit. Why should you care right makes it so you now I'm applying and look at this little subtle kind of sleight of hand if you will. Now I just introduced the bundle now. I say remember the system you're getting in this bundle. I didn't now I didn't say this is a little sleight of hand right?

I said this earlier consistently get additional sales every week giving you more consistent cash flow. Let me just want to see this really quick. See this in a nutshell this bullet campaign strategy makes it so you consistently look at this. So over here in this paragraph. I took this you consistently get additional sales from your email list giving you more connect and what did I apply that to this bullet campaign strategy?

Why because in the context right of this sales letter, I just introduced the bullet campaign. So now I'm going to apply these benefits to this bullet campaign. I just introduced it. Now. Let's go back here where we just introduced this bundle right this bundle.

And now look at what's consistently get additional sales every week giving you more the same exact string of copy that earlier on I applied to the bullet campaign strategy. Now, I'm applying to what you get in this bundle. See now. I'm talking about right the bundle now everything that I'm talking about here going forward in terms of benefits in terms of payoff. Is related to the offer right like so go ahead click the button below now to get the bullet campaign boot camp recordings along with the officers 297 when you do right when you do get these boot camp recordings, you'll get regular weekly sales from your email list or your email leads will get now I'm just I'm trying to like I'm taking this and I'm saying it a little bit differently right weekly your email leads will give you a higher return on investment each month and we'll become more and more valuable weekly and of course, you'll increase the monthly profit your business gives you all from what you get inside this bundle.

I didn't say all from a bullet campaign. I said from what you get inside this bundle, right? What do you need to do to get to experience that you need to get this bundle? Right? You need to get this funnel.

So go ahead click the button below now to get instant access to everything. That's it. any questions or any any any add-ons anything that you guys would say before we we wrap we're way over time. I appreciate you guys hanging out. Hopefully you learned something good from from this anything that you want to add.

Yeah. I have one quick question and then a request. Sure that back in that one sentence where you were were you where you gave gave the whole how and why? Right here. Yeah, okay.

So one of the things you said was that you were avoiding the education mindset, but and that's why that that's what led you to remove one of the paragraphs. Yes, so Well, let me rephrase for one second. So I was concerned that if I educated, uh any deeper about the internal lead generation strategy and what that meant. Um, and what that looked like that I risked pulling back the curtain too far and um and and potentially getting people to start to think, you know, tactically logically and so I felt that this was enough education. So I want to be clear right to me.

This is still like we're still educating. What are we educating them on? We're educating them on. What's the real magic? Right?

So it's not like, you know, like like it's right. Like we're we are educating them in here. Right? Look at this little section right here. So this is not this is not selling them on benefit.

There's no benefit in here. There's no Team in here. This is pure education. Right I'm saying right. Let me in essence.

You could say Michael that I'm saying. Let me educate you on on what makes a what is a bullet campaign and why it's very simple. So number one a bullet campaign is made up of three pieces. Okay. So number one.

The first piece is we've got a standard marketing or sales page with with an offer the second piece of a bullet campaign. But this is all education. I'm teaching you now what the components of a bullet campaign are right a two-step email sequence now, right and then I give this parenthetical statement of that right this two two part email sequence. This is really where the real magic happens. And then the third component of a bullet campaign is a unique type of deadline what's called a dynamic deadline and it's very simple right in something that you can do on any any web page.

That's it. Right? That's that's in it. So all I did there I didn't I wasn't selling you I wasn't stating benefits. I wasn't making claims right?

What was I doing? I was educating you on. The arm on the makeup of a bullet campaign, but here's the thing that I really want you and everybody all the folks that get access to these recordings to understand is that this was not education for Education sake I did include this Chunk in here because I felt like man, I need to educate them on something and so let me let me include this. No, what I wanted to do was I wanted to to give them evidence and support that there is something different about a bullet campaign that is responsible for why it's able to produce the result that it that it does or the results that it does. And so and and so right that's why educated them on on this.

I knew that I could give evidence like there's a reason why first of all right, I'm giving evidence that this is simple, right? This is simple to set up like it's it's three components right? Boom boom boom simple, too. I'm set up and yes, there's magic, you know behind this and I want to teach you a little Bit about the magic and so right about the magic behind this and so I am I'm just not going deep right? So I'm saying well so understand right?

I said there are three components Michael. So let me tell you about that second component that two step email sequence. I said, this is where the real magic happens in a bullet campaign. And the reason why is because a to it's within the two-step email sequence part of a bullet campaign where we use what I call internal lead generation, right and the internal lead generation strategy is largely why and how a bullet campaign is able to produce blah in essence Michael if you really think about this if you and I were having a conversation And I was saying this right which you could see me say to you like this bullet campaign is made up of three components man. It's the right and the second, you know, two step email sequence.

That's where the real the real magic happens. Now. Look Michael. I said to you right a moment ago that the real magic happens with the two-step email email sequence part and that's because right this is where we use right what I call internal lead generation. Now don't worry about the specifics of internal lead generation right now.

Just know that it's the the that the internal lead generation strategy, right which super simple is largely why and how a bullet campaign is able to produce right? That's the secret sauce. That's the power behind it Michael. And so does that make sense? Yes.

Okay. Now look Michael once we've got a bullet campaign set up. Let's say by tomorrow because this thing is so simple and so basic to set up. Well, we can then immediately send it see how that's so conversational and so educational right? I just chose not to go deeper.

On that because I felt like if I did in this instance that I risked losing people. Does that make sense? Yeah, it makes sense. What I was going to say is that that this is this one thing that we're talking about right now is something that Every single client we've ever had struggles with yeah, no that line between education and and marketing really? Yeah, and so I well so this is where and again I want to I got I have to wrap up for for my schedule but This is great.

You know this is this is really important Michael because you know, you you said something that and we should definitely have a account a deeper conversation about this. I think it's almost difficult to to solve this for clients by having a a single one-off conversation because it's different with different clients. Hence why we do, you know one ones as part of um, you know acquisition accelerator and coaching. Uh, but was I just gonna say, oh you had said, um that you know, they get confused between educating and marketing and see the distinction and the categorization of this is either education or marketing is the issue because there is no it's all marketing to me right there is no they're at no point. Do I Veer away from marketing to Pure education even in this even in the context right here of this right where you I'm educated.

This is education based marketing. I am doing this with an intention. The intention here is not is not to educate for Education sake I couldn't care any less whether they know the components of a of a bullet campaign. I'm sharing this here, um, because Um, number one, I want to demonstrate that it is easy. Okay, like I want to demonstrate that this is simple.

I'm not talking about a complex. And so rather than me just say this is simple, right or even rather than me just say it's simple it's only three components because to me I three component those three components can be brutally complex. And so right I took it one step further and I wanted to unpack it to show like look, it's it right. It's it's pretty it's pretty simple. So that's the first reason the second reason is I wanted to be able to demonstrate what powers this like that this is different and there is some Secret Sauce remember I've always said with the unique mechanism.

It's not enough to just say there's some Secret Sauce here. It's not enough to just say this is different this works differently than everything else. That's what that's a huge mistake that a lot of novice marketers entrepreneurs make as you know, the unique mechanism is grown and popularity. They think that they can just let me let me take my you know, This isn't a cop. This is a flibbertigibbit.

And this is wildly different than your experience that you're gonna have with any other cup and and that's it. And then they never explain why like today it's not enough right? It's not enough to do that. You got to explain like what the reason why is the material that this is made of keeps anything, you know ice cold or anything warm, you know, really hot. It doesn't burn your fingers and then like right like, but that's See how that that's education but that's education based marketing.

It's serving a marketing role and it's done with a marketing intention. Right? And in this case, I wanted to demonstrate that there is a secret sauce to this that there is some magic if you will that magic you don't know about it's wildly different than anything that you've tried before and right and I wanted to create some mystery behind it. So that you realize right like ultimately it's it's this you realize there's something special to this. There's some there's some magic behind it and I don't quite understand what that magic is.

Therefore. I want to buy this and find out That that's really it right. It's not it's not much more complex than that. It really isn't right. Like wow.

This sounds great. There is some magic behind it. I don't know what the magic is. Sounds like I've never heard of this magic therefore. Let me buy it to find out.

That's it. That's right nut. And that's the that's the part of the when you're selling information. That's a big part of what you need to do today. And so make sense.

Anybody else. I don't mean to cut you guys short, but anybody else have anything really good to add really important to add. Teddy Nope. Good Adida. No, thank you, Damian.

We sell more of this. I I think let me I really think today for what it's worth. I know you know, we went long but I think today was a great training session for you guys. You know, I hopefully I would really highly encourage you guys to go back and listen to this again because they're you know, it's there's a lot of stuff packed into the Nuance. Like there's a lot of power in the in the Nuance, you know, a lot of I think a lot of marketers a lot of copyrighters.

They look for the one magic word, right? Like, you know, even it was funny because even last night with the the big Brazilian group, you know, like I knew and I said this to them like they're they were looking for me to give them the one phrase that they can like pop into their opening sentence or right like the one word that they can use in their headline that's gonna make all the difference and it doesn't work that way like it really does not work that way and it's a lot of little things that Stack Up and add up to um to produce the the feelings to produce the perspective to To position the product in the unique mechanism the right way. Um, and so it's a lot of little things. It's not you know, the one phrase that you use when you say this is wildly super duper simple. That's gonna make them say, oh this is this is gonna be simple for me to use it's it's a lot of the little things that add up and so cool.

All right you guys and and gals are out of here. I will see you guys next week have an amazing day if you need anything slack, Damian. Take us.
