---
title: "cc_2023-02-28"
date: 2023-02-28
duration: 31m
duration_seconds: 1863
vimeo_id: 803188148
folder: "2023 Copy Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-02-28

**Date:** 2023-02-28 | **Duration:** 31m | **Folder:** 2023 Copy Calls

---

All right gang so I decided to do something kind of cool today being that I'm going solo. I know that you're all crazy busy. And so what I want to do is I'm gonna bring up a mind map and you're gonna see that this mind map. This particular mind map is probably oh my gosh, it could be six six years, maybe seven years old and this mind map is for a campaign. For the creation of the campaign that was actually part of a bonus or was a bonus for a program that we offered many many moons ago called The six-figure Funnel formula.

The reason why I'm going to show you this mind map and walk you through this mind map is because I continue to use this mind map often when brainstorming not this particular mind map, but you're gonna see the skeleton Of this mind map the the triggers or the points to for me to to think about and so rather than just show you a blank version of this. I wanted to show you a completed version or almost completed version of of this my map because I think that this will be a little spark for you to see the the thinking process and the different points that I think about when crafting a campaign or beginning to work on a campaign and so With that, let me share my screen and then I'm going to do this and I'm gonna bring this bad boy over here and let's see if I can blow this up. Yeah and soul blow this up and then move this around now obviously, like I said this URL I don't have no idea. I'm sure this is not even live or I have no idea what's there and so I'm afraid to even go and look to see if somebody registered this and is redirecting it somewhere else. Like I said, this is probably from six seven.

years ago or so and what I was doing as part of the six-figure funnel formula program or why this was a bonus for this for the for six FF was because this was kind of like I'm gonna create a campaign from scratch in a Marketplace and Niche that I've got no credibility in or anything like that and So I from you know from square one and then I recorded the whole thing and so in the end there was this look over my shoulder video series if you will for clients and students to see how I created Ace a campaign from scratch using the six-figure funnel formula. So what we chose was we chose this Marketplace of women that are into fitness weight training. Uh that wanted to compete in a fitness contest. So they wanted to get on on stage and display their their Fitness physiques. And so what this was for was this was how a woman could get in shape or get her body in shape to be able to compete in a in a fitness in a fitness contest.

And so what you'll see here. I want to make this smaller because I just want to walk you through the skeleton and then And then um, I'm gonna point out some some important things here. So what you'll see is that this kind of this first layer over here. If you look at you know, this this point this point all these over here, right? This is what's in the skeleton of the Mind map.

So when I said I continue to use this mind map You know, it's been updated a number of times with some tweaks and some additional things but 90 plus percent of this is is excuse me as identical. This is the skeleton. So all of these points are here meaning that. What I look at is right, so or what I think about and then ultimately fill in is what's the promise of the product ultimately, right? What is the primary promise?

What is the big overarching transformation result outcome that somebody is going to get from this particular product a any kind of reason why let me actually just go through these and then we'll look at some some examples so reason why damaging admission This was look you could see from years ago USP today. It's more of a unique mechanism reason for response. Now any objections concerns that somebody could have in this case a woman to this particular product or offer the dominant resident emotion. So the core emotion coming into the campaign, uh, the existing points of belief. So this is you've heard me talk before guys and something that we train our students on that.

Right. We do a web analysis of prospects wants desires emotions feelings and beliefs. There are beliefs that prospects have coming into a campaign. We need to be aware of those beliefs so that we don't kind of butt heads with them so that we can deal with them if they could potentially stand in the way of somebody buying. So what are the existing points of belief that the marketplace has as it relates to the problem that we're talking about here the thing that we're solving the solution and and so on competitors offers, then you can see any kind of personality points that we're gonna include in here any story that we're gonna use any track record.

You can see that right because this was a fictitious product that I was that I was just making up or creating from scratch. There's obviously no track record. I wasn't gonna talk about my personality or use my analogy for points in here. There's no story in here. Over here things that they need to believe to buy.

This is one of the most important things we'll talk about this a little bit more you guys know when we're constructing a campaign argument. Um, we know that ultimately there's a buying belief there is a singular belief that a prospect needs to have before we go into the offer if they're gonna buy right like there's a singular belief. Well, we lead prospects to that singular belief by understanding what are all the sub beliefs if you will that's what we're talking about here. And so we're gonna come back and and take a look at this. Um, is there any kind of takeaway that we can use in the marketing campaign?

And what would that take away be the takeaway being you know, like look people want things that you guys you guys and girls know this on the team, right? They people want things that they really can't have or they shouldn't have or that are out of their reach, right? And so the takeaway kind of emulates that that desire right? It's one of those emotional or persuasion triggers if you will and then what's the offer right? What are the features or you know, the the deliverables risk reversal bonuses price differentiation?

How are we going to differentiate this from everything else available in them in the marketplace? What's the credibility? What proof are we going to offer? And what are the benefits? Right.

And so so I want to I want to just go through a couple of these over here. And so let's just look at this. Let's go over here and look at objections and concerns and so right this is really important. It's really important that you are aware up front of what are all of the general high level objections or concerns that a prospect could have to your offer that could stand in the way of them buying and then what are the objections and concerns that a prospect could have to your specific solution. You have to know both of those kind of categories of objections and concerns because they need to be covered in the marketing campaign.

In other words, you can't simply ignore a potential objection or concern and hope that it doesn't arise in the mind of a prospect because then you leave a gap in your marketing argument. And so we've got to start off by looking at what are all of the general concerns potential objections that could stop somebody and then what are the concerns and objections related to our specific solution IE our unique mechanism that can stop somebody from Uh from from buying so I just listed them out. Is it hard? Is it too hard to follow? Is it expensive?

Will I be hungry? Will remember that we're talking about this is a product. If we look at the product promise over here the system gets your body and Peak tone condition to compete and win in a fitness competition in just 77 days regardless of your experience level confidence or current body weight, right? So that's kind of the the promise if you will and so now right based on that knowing that we're talking to women interested in this is it too hard to follow. Is it expensive?

Will I be hungry will work for my body? Let me address this real quick. Is it expensive? So you have to understand so I'm not talking about is the product expensive right? Because you can see over here if we look under offer.

I was going to go with a 29 dollar price point I'm talking about in this context. Is it expensive to follow this plan? In other words being that there's gonna be you know, I'm sure. A diet, um for somebody to follow, you know food plan, right? Is it is it expensive like is this gonna cost me, you know, $600 a month in additional food or is this going to require me to purchase equipment for my house fitness equipment for me to train, right?

So is it expensive? Will I be hungry? Of course, will it work for my body? Will it cause me to lose any any muscle will get me in shape quick enough right? Like somebody might have a concern like I want to do a contest in seven weeks.

Is this, you know, is it is it enough time? Let me just see do I need to take supplements can it be individualized? How long will I have to follow the plan will this work for me? Even if a brand new competitor? And so this is important right?

Um over here, it's important because you need to know any potential objections and concerns because we have to cover all of them or address all of them in the marketing campaign the big difference between right when we are like look when we're marketing or ultimately selling or speaking to a prospect face-to-face one-on-one. The beauty is that we can identify that Prospect specific objections concerns and then deal with them, right and we only have to when we're face to face one-on-one. We only have to deal with that individual prospects objections, but when we're doing, you know marketing to many right marketing and selling to many then we need to know all of the potential objections and concerns That somebody could have so that we can cover them address them deal with them in the in the marketing some of these objections or concerns. Can be handled with one sentence some it's even possible to handle one or two of them with a single sentence. So I don't want you to think that if there are 10 or 12 or 15 different objections and concerns that that means that we need to have you know, an additional five pages just covering those concerns it so that's that's not the case, but we need to address them right we need to address those potential concerns throughout our our marketing.

Uh, you'll also notice if we go over to dominant resident emotion, and I've talked about this before that you'll see that there are three three emotions listed here. If you will excited nervous anxious, right? Number one. There's a couple things right this this is not you know, we're looking for the dominant, you know, the dominant feeling right? Um, I would say that there's you know, like the the dominant and meaning that we're looking for the general emotional Vibe of the prospect.

It's not about you identifying the one specific word that encapsulates perfectly the emotion that our prospects or your prospects are are feeling coming into the into the campaign. It's having a a general view of the vibe. Is it positive is it negative? Is it more fearful? Is it more hopeful, right?

And so that's what we're looking for here. You could see that there is this kind of excited. Um, You know nervous, right? So like this kind of their their hopeful but but a bit nervous a bit kind of, you know, like their hearts beating a little quicker. It's kind of like when you when you get excited to do something but you're a little nervous of How It's Gonna it's gonna turn out it's this dual kind of right you're you're excited nervous.

That's the overall Vibe for the dominant resident emotion. I'm sharing this with you and highlighting this here because I want you to realize that it's it's not about you picking out the one word that perfectly describes the exact emotion that somebody is having human beings are not black and white. There's a lot of great areas to emotions. There's a lot of crossover. There's not it's not you know, there's a lot of a lot of Shades of Gray if you will and so what it's about is you um being able to encapsulate.

How is this Prospect feeling coming into this campaign? And it's important that we are always aware of how is the prospect feeling coming into the campaign? Like what is their emotional state? Because we need to we need to communicate that we're aware of right that we understand them. We understand their emotional state and we want to make sure that we can kind of pick up where they are.

We don't want like you don't you don't let's say kick off a campaign with excitement and hope if the dominant resident emotion is one of fear and anxiety, right and you're starting out a campaign with hope, you know, hope and excitement, right? There's gonna be a disconnect for the Prospect and so um, so it's it's important. So I want to go to existing points of belief over here. So in this case right you in this case, I wrote too low in calorie will sacrifice muscle meaning if the diet if this plan is too low and calories that Can cause me to lose muscle that right another existing belief for people that are into fitness is that protein is essential to support muscle and certainly years ago still the case, I believe today but years ago, it was a popular belief that multiple meals a day is good for the metabolism that you know, five six somewhere between four and six meals a day every two and a half three and a half hours really? Um Stokes the metabolism really feeds the feeds the body ensures that you don't lose muscle blah blah.

These are important things to really understand. Important, uh, existing points of belief for two reasons one because we can leverage existing points of belief in our marketing to demonstrate to the prospect that we understand how they think and that our thinking is in alignment with theirs, right? So if we know that our Prospect believes these three things or four things or six things or eight things related to the topic problem solution. Well, certainly we can use many of them. If not all of them to our advantage to demonstrate to the prospect that we are on the same page, right?

It's you know, the the last thing that we want to do is Is a butt up against their belief or contradict their belief without then addressing it and that's the second thing that I was going to say of why it's important that we understand their existing points of belief because if we do have to contradict or go against an existing belief, then we need to recognize right that we're gonna have to give evidence support right for the prospect to accept it. Right? Like we're gonna really have to work to get them to accept it. If we said, you know, like look if we were coming in and we were saying You know, this is a low calorie diet hypothetically and hypothetically that wasn't a wild red flag for people but this is a low calorie diet if we were gonna say that and our prospects didn't hold the belief that too low too low in calories would sacrifice muscle. Well, then it's not a big deal.

We can say it and we don't have to provide a whole lot of support or evidence for that because we're not contradicting in existing belief, but because we are contradicting in this example and existing belief if we were to say, this is a low calorie plan. We then need to address the existing belief and we're gonna need to offer support and proof and evidence to back up what it is that we're saying you see this is you know, it it's so important we we talk about this and I think it's marketing and sales 101 but I often think that it goes in one ear and out the other for for lots of folks. And that is that everything must start with the prospect. Right? What do they know?

What do they believe what do they feel? What do they want? What don't they want? Right. What's compelling to them?

What's interesting to them? What's considered new to them everything starts from the prospect? Right? And so we have to be clear about that. We're trying to convince an individual or a bunch of individuals to take an action.

And so therefore we need to get out of our own head and we need to get into their head. It's not about what we think is new unique interesting compelling. It's not about what we want. It's not about how we feel it's not about what we believe none of those things matter for a lot of marketers a lot of copywriters. Those things can absolutely color the type of copy that they they write ultimately leading them astray.

In terms of putting together a compelling message. No, we have to always begin with and keep an eye on and almost use as part of our North Star. Our guiding constraints are our rails. If you will on the side of the path our Prospect, what do they feel right? What do they want?

What are their desires? What do they see as the problem? What do they see as the perfect solution? What are their concerns? What are their objections?

What are their existing beliefs and sometimes there might be existing points of belief that our prospects have that aren't even true write. In other words. We we know that they're they're not true. We know that they're myths but we have to be aware of what our Prospect believes right? We have to be aware of that we can use it to our advantage to align ourselves when when appropriate and when we brought up against it, then we have to be prepared to offer proof recognizing that we're saying something that goes in opposition.

To what it is that our our prospects believe and so existing points of a belief. Let's go over to reason why for a second so You can see that in this case. I I wanted to offer a reason why. For for more than just one thing so why is it only 29 right? Like my I'm immediately I said well if it's twenty nine dollars many people might say well if it's so good.

Why is it only 20 and so I want to have a reason why the reason why is because everything is being delivered digitally. So we have minimal cost to get this in your hands right? Like six seven years ago. When I created this that was a viable reason right like when everything was was going from physical to you know to primarily um digital there's another possible because this is brand new and I'm willing to give you the entire program. Oh, excuse me up because this is brand new.

I'm willing to give you the entire program for just $29 in exchange for your testimonial sharing how quickly this program got you into incredible contest ready shape, right and you could use both of these I could say why is it only 29 dollars right for two reasons one because right everything is being delivered digitally. So we have minimal costs to get this in your hands and two because this is brand new. It's a brand new program and I'm willing to give you the entire program for just 29 bucks for a mere fraction of the value in exchange for your testimonial sharing how quickly this program got you into incredible contest ready shape, by the way, just as a side note got to point this out for you guys little Nuance here notice how even in this reason why right and I'm always thinking I'm always thinking marketing. I'm always thinking persuasion. I'm always thinking benefits.

I'm always thinking outcome transformation results. Even in this answer over here. Even in this reason why right like, um, implanting if you will this idea that this program is going to quickly get you into incredible contest ready shape, right? So look at this answer. Why is it only $29 because this is brand new.

I'm willing to give you because it's brand new. I'm willing to give it to you in exchange for your testimonial sharing how quickly this program got you into incredible contest ready shape, right? So in other words like it's it's a you know, it's presupposing that this thing is Gonna Get You Is Gonna quickly get you as the prospect into incredible contest ready ready shape, right? Why would I be offering this discount? Right?

If I if I didn't believe I didn't have confidence that you were gonna give me a great testimonial explaining or sharing how quickly it did get you into incredible contest ready shape. So right see how even in that answer there is this um, you know marketing there is marketing. There's benefit. There's like right planning the seed I talk about this when I've talked about in email follow-up when we do the like FAQ email right like the FAQ email and I always say like look a good FAQ email asks, you know at like at least 50% or more if not 75% If not, all of the questions in there are questions that are are designed to allow us to do more marketing right like, um, Like why is this, you know, like one of the questions could be like why is this program so effective at you know at getting me in contest shape so quickly, right? Like that's that presupposes that this works really well to get you into contest shape, right like and so I'm always I'm always thinking marketing marketing.

And so even in this answer over here, what was I gonna say? We've got that and how about Let's do let's do one more. Let's do this damaging admission. And so I want you to see this right? So the damage you can Mission.

What's the purpose? Right? What's this whole, you know, it's little persuasion device been around since the beginning of direct response. The whole idea here is to admit a negative if you will, um, that's not a deal killer. That's not a deal breaker.

Right? And so we're admitting a negative which is not what the prospect expects us to do. Right? It's it's antithetical to what the typical consumer. Acts of marketer or salesperson to do when talking about their product but and so it it diffuses it disarms them.

It lowers their their resistance. If you will, it makes everything else that we say that much more trustworthy and that much more credible. The key is that we're doing it right? We're doing it. We're admitting a negative if you will or a flaw that's not a deal breaker and often.

I like to try to make it in consequential right? So meaning where the the negative that I'm admitting is almost like it's not really a it's not even it's not a big deal at all to the prospect. It's like almost insignificant to the prospect. It's it's the reason why this works is because it's not about what it is that we admit like it's not about the actual flaw that we admit. It's the actual Act of admitting a what we what what we're presenting as a flaw right?

So the mere Act of us in our marketing admitting what we're positioning as a flaw is where the real power is because it makes us then that more trustworthy in the eyes of the of the prospect the key. Is that what we're what we're admitting the flaw. The flaw is in significant over here. I said damaging commission. This program was not designed to be fun.

It was designed to strip fat off your body for your figure competition in the shortest period of time possible without sacrificing any muscle, right? So like, you know, like look, um, you know, this was me trying to In for this I'm assuming because this is again many many moons old. The individual that this offer would appeal to is a serious is a woman who is serious about our fitness serious where she wants to compete the people that are serious about their Fitness serious enough to compete and want to get into shape and follow a program are interested are are not interested in fun. They're interested in effective. I should really say that effective is far more important than is fun.

Right. So I'm not saying that fun is not important. But so my point is that right? Like, you know, I'm almost admitting a flaw like I'm saying like look this program isn't isn't designed to be fun. So if you're looking for something that's designed to be fun.

This is not for you. This program was designed to strip off, you know fat and the shortest period of time possible Without You sacrificing any any muscle that's really ultimately what this Prospect wants to hear. So see how I'm again plugging a benefit. Remember I said, I'm always thinking marketing even in In the in the reason why you know in FAQ even in the damaging admission, what am I doing here? I'm like in the context of me admitting a flaw.

This was not this is not designed to be fun for you. So don't expect this to be fun. Um again reinforcing this idea that this thing is is all about you stripping off fat in the shortest period of time possible without sacrificing any muscle see so it's not a deal breaker for most prospects the most of these prospects that would be an added benefit. That would be like, that's exactly that's all I want something that's gonna strip off that in the shortest period of time possible without sacrificing muscle if it could be fun great. If not, that's also a okay see how again my Act of admitting something um is I'm not trying to say this is all rainbows and you know and unicorns it's not all candy and unicorns right like look when you know when novice Market Copywriters when they all they do is talk about how great their product is, right?

That's exactly what prospects expect them to do. And so their guard is up because of course, they're gonna they're gonna paint their product or service in the best light possible. They're gonna talk about all the good never the bad right? They're gonna talk, you know, they're gonna show you but when you introduce a damaging admission, The right way and you position it the right way, it becomes extremely disarming because then the prospect thinks will they admitted a flaw and so right there they're accurate in their description or they're more accurate than the typical right? They're more trustworthy than typical.

They're not just trying to focus on all the positive and and no negative. They're right. And so wow, maybe this is really a an accurate description of their product versus somebody else who's just giving me a sales pitch because it's all good and no negative. That's the power of the of the damaging admission. And so there you there you go what I really just wanted you to see here was this, you know this, um, if we do this, let me see this this and now And now you can see like this is the skeleton right and you can't go wrong.

If you if you even even stuck with it. I mean, I I would like I said, this has been updated several times since then, but If you change this to Unique mechanism, this is great. Right like this is a great guide for for thinking through the campaign in advance and not just going into it with you know, just the product information and this isn't right. Like like look, this is a great starting point. Well just leave it at that.

That's a great starting point for for you guys. But there you go. And so that's it for um for for this week. Hope everybody is rocking and rolling. I'll see you guys and gals on next week's training got something fun planned for us next week and so stay tuned.
