---
title: "cc_2023-03-14"
date: 2023-03-14
duration: 43m
duration_seconds: 2590
vimeo_id: 808025841
folder: "2023 Copy Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-03-14

**Date:** 2023-03-14 | **Duration:** 43m | **Folder:** 2023 Copy Calls

---

All right. All right, so a little bit of a late start on my part here. But today we're gonna have a another discussion so last week, I believe it was Michael and I had a discussion about a a particular topic and so I want to do the same thing with you guys and gals today specifically I want to talk about I want to talk about Dan Kennedy's eight triggers for you know for trust creation or trust engineering creating trust in in marketing before we do that before we jump in and we're just gonna have a discussion about these these eight. Uh, I'd love to hear from you guys on why you think why is it even worth us having this conversation as it relates to trust in marketing like what's the what's the why is this, you know, obviously, this is an important topic or I wouldn't be setting aside this time to to discuss this with you. Why is building establishing creating engineering trust in marketing such a such a critical thing.

What do you guys think? Wow. Nobody wants to go first. Don't trust no sale. It's yeah, I mean look you certainly we certainly could start there.

I think that you know, if the if prospects don't trust you, it's certainly going to be that much more difficult to to make the sale. I mean people, you know, it's it's been said, I remember learning this when I was in my early 20s people buy from people that they like and Trust right? I mean people buy from people that they like and trust people typically don't spend money with people that they don't like and and don't trust that's why I think you know, um liking just as a side note liking is a persuasion trigger. It's even a persuasion trigger that Robert child Deanie The Godfather of influence and persuasion talks about right people buy from people that they like and and Trust right people like people that tend to be like them. That's where Rapport comes from that's where you know, so even some things that we're gonna talk about but then you've got trust that people buy from people that they like and trust and so right people tend not to spend money with people that they don't trust especially I would I would say larger sums of money.

So higher ticket sales right trust becomes that much more important. It's a little different when you are talking about a you know, a trip wire 10 bucks 12 bucks. Seven bucks eight bucks something like that, right because there's far less risk. But so so why else is trust what else I you know direct response marketing is so ubiquitous now. It's you can't escape it.

Nobody can escape it and it's everywhere and I think man trust is such a It's it's vital. Now. You can't it's like you can't don't even try doing direct response marketing without adding trust or instilling trust. Yeah, that's how you know what let's I I think that you're absolutely spot on I mean look, I think you know for what it's worth I think you know, We also have to recognize that different mediums inherently. Um inherently have different levels of of trust built in right we know that you know, there was there was a time at least when newspaper had a significantly higher level of trust than many other mediums.

I would say that even still to this day certainly with an older demographic the newspaper has inherently a higher level of trust than does the the internet. Um, The internet is the least trusted of all mediums because people know that on the internet, especially today man on the internet you could say anything right like you could say anything anything about anything anytime you want and it's never been easier to publish information. So I think today people are more skeptical and more more jaded more resistant to information in general like, you know today it's it's, you know, you can see a statistic a health statistic or some formal statistics and you don't even know what's true. And what's not anymore right stuff can sound so freaking good and so spot and like you just don't know even um quoting the the source and the source can sound legitimate and you don't know how legitimate the source is, right the Institute of you know, crypto blah blah and you find out at some dude and his basement. And so I think that right people are highly skeptical online highly Jade, right?

So trust is that much more critical. How do you think how would you define Trust? Like what is trust when we talk about trust what what is Trust? So I mean I mean for me, well, I think you know from a marketing standpoint. Like I think the important thing other than the definition which I guess I'll get to in a minute is like the the three the three dimensions of trust even right like it's not what you just said where they gotta know like and Trust the person or the brand but they got to know like they got to trust the process or the methodology and they got to trust themselves to follow through and right and so it's that it's that fundamental belief that this work.

Hmm, so I would define it. I think that that's a that's that's interesting. I I certainly think right like the day, you know, this is a point, right? This isn't one of those. You know in one ear out the other kind of statements.

This is an important thing with Teddy just said and he's absolutely right. I mean look, you know at the end of the day when it comes to All Things marketing the prospect has to believe that you know that it's gonna work for them. They have to believe that it's that it that it can work. Right they have to believe that it can work for them. They have to believe that they're gonna follow through the like right people if they don't believe it's gonna work for them.

They're not gonna buy right? So like that's certainly a part of it. I would say that right. Would you guys agree that and then we're gonna I promise we're gonna get to these these Dan Kennedy's triggers. Would you agree that like look a they're hot, you know, when we're communicating when we're when we're speaking when we're whether it's we're we're communicating through a vsl through audio through audio and video through written, you know communication long-form sales that are that In order for somebody to believe that this can work for them.

They have to believe us they have to believe what we're saying. They have to believe when we talk about benefits when we talk about you know, what why this works why it's easy. They certainly have to believe us, right they have to trust that what it is that we're saying is the the truth they have to trust our our motives at the trust that we're not trying to ultimately pull the wool over their eyes, right they have to trust when we share a testament testimonial or a case study that it's legit. It's a real person. They have to trust that we're not hiding anything.

Um, you know that we're not kind of, you know, sweeping stuff under the under the rug right in order to ultimately, uh, ultimately have the message lead them to a point where they believe yes. This thing is gonna work for me that fair to say Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I like that. Okay, anything else that anybody would add just generally to like to trust and I think that you know, you know for what it's worth before we you know any kind of final words before we go into the Kennedy's eight triggers, you know, I think that these are important things to really think about because I think that oftentimes a lot of marketers a lot of entrepreneurs a lot of copyrighters.

They they just they skip this kind of um mindset stuff like this perspective stuff understanding who we're talking to and what they're thinking and what they're feeling and the obstacles the psychological obstacles that we have to overcome and they go right into like this is all about what I need to say what what I'm gonna say, but really like we have to understand man that like, you know, there are things that we can do that can hurt. Our level of trust or the the prospects level of trust for us. There are things that we can do to help it. There's things there are things that we can engineer build into to just stack that kind of trust and there are things that we can do that chip away at that level of trust and that's all important because right like because look, Copy the same message and this is an important point the same message coming from somebody that the audience trusts is gonna produce a wildly different response than that same exact message coming from somebody that the audience doesn't trust. Right, like think about it.

Same copy same offer right same hook. Same lead same big idea everything coming from somebody that they trust right? It's gonna produce a different outcome a different result than coming from somebody that they don't trust. So that's why it's important to talk about to talk about trust and I think that Dan Kennedy, Is is a triggers which let me bring this up and start to go through this. I like this.

I think that he's made this really really simple and and straightforward. And so before we go through the first one, I just wanted to convey this right that the question that we should be asking when we look at each of these eight or when we talk about and go through each of these eight quickly and just discuss them and I think that some of these are going to be straightforward for you guys is how can I earn this? How can I Engineer it? How can I borrow it or how can I rent it for our marketing, right? So, how can I either earn one of these triggers?

How can I Engineer one of these triggers? How can I borrow leverage one of these triggers? How can I pay right to you know pay for um for one of these um in our Marketing in other words what I'm ultimately trying to say here is don't look at this list and say that Apply right? Like that doesn't apply like like we don't have that right now. Right?

Like we don't have that right don't don't do that. That's a foolish thing to write. It's not whether we have it or not. It's can I earn it? Can I Engineer it?

Can I borrow it? Can I rent it? How can I bring these different things into our marketing? That's ultimately what this question is is all about and so with that From Dan Kennedy the the triggers number one is Authority. Right people in a position of authority and even childini talked about this right people right wrong or indifferent right tend to have a higher level of of trust whether people should or shouldn't right like people trust doctors.

I don't know if this is the case anymore, but there was a long time right when like if a doctor said it it must be true. It must be accurate much more so than like this guy's a doctor and he says X this guy's a An electrician and he says why well X must be correct because the doctor said it right and so write a position of of authority if somebody is a you know, let's say if somebody is a a captain in the police department or some big wig in the police department, right? They we have a higher level right or wrong. Right right forget right wrong or different. We tend to have a higher we put a higher level of trust in those individuals.

Right right or wrong, right the the president of an Institute the founder of a these these positions of authority tend to Garner more trust anybody have anything to add to that. It's pretty straightforward. We've heard that from day one right like pretty straightforward marketing 101 anybody have anything to add to that or to take away from that? Now pretty pretty straightforward, right? The next one um is affinity.

An affinity is like right like that people that this goes back to the whole like people, you know people people buy from people that they like and trust people like people that are like themselves people like people that are most like themselves Affinity is there's some right like, you know, like it Affinity can be found on multiple levels. So right like tell me give me an example of affinity Because there's so many different like you guys give me an example of affinity. Yeah gun owners and the NRA. I mean gun owners, you're a gun owner. You're around fellow gun owners right versus somebody that let's say is anti, you know, whatever Second Amendment right?

Well, you're gonna trust the The the gun owner who's like you right? Like if there's you know, another, you know direct response marketer, right? Like you you're gonna tend to trust that that individual more than somebody. Who's who's not for me like I meet somebody from you know, New Jersey, right and I'm immediately like we're boys man. We're like family like there's a you know, there's just a kinship.

There's a there's there's a feeling of comfort there. There's right and excuse me and it and it translates over, excuse me into you know into trust. I'm not saying that it it can take somebody from like, I'm not saying that it instantly makes that person completely trustworthy in my eyes, but there's a level there's this stocking of all right, right like, This person right? There's there's an affinity there and you can you know, you can you can have that Affinity on a values basis, right? This is why you've also heard right in Rapport building.

Oh you golf. I golf you got your grandparent. I'm a grandparent. Oh you grew up in the midwest. I grew up in the midwest.

There's right. It establishes report establishes a level a level of of trust a level of affinity and so that's why right It's also important to understand who you're talking to right we've talked about this before. That's why like if you if you break Affinity or you go in an opposite direction, like meaning like we've talked about this many times before if you're talking to conservative white nails 55 and older right and who tend to be right leaning in their politics and you immediately start to tell a positive story about Bernie Sanders you're done. You're done. Right like you're done.

You're done because they're not gonna they're gonna see you as like this person doesn't get me they're not me like they're right. They're in a different Clan. They're in a different tribe. Right? Like they're in a different shot.

They don't get me they they're not they're not one of us. They're not one of us. And so therefore if they're not one of us, they are what they're less trustworthy. Anybody have anything to add to that? It's affinity and affiliations the same thing meaning like, you know you endorse somebody else's products or program through an affiliate promotion.

So no, so we're gonna get to that. So yeah, we're gonna we're gonna get to that. Um, so Authority Affinity right and you could see these like look you you can see you can see these if you look at just these and you pay attention to to direct response. Let's say commercials to infomercials you could see things like, you know, even even full page ad space ad you can see why do they use People in a uniform, why do they bring in a in a doctor? Why do they if they're talking to older people bring in older people as a spokesperson right when they're talking to people about let's say Medicare enrollment.

They bring it in a 22 year old as a spokesperson. Right like you see that right, but now you understand why right like you've understood you understood before but like right you you see it. You understand? Why why they don't bring in right why they're they're gonna match up to to give a sense of affinity. This one is man.

You see this all the time out the wazoo. celebrity Right. This is why it's it's baffling. It's it really is baffling how some celebrities uh, and you see this big time in the health wellness and Beauty space where they'll bring in a celebrity and the celebrity could have nothing to do with that space like whatsoever, but there's The celebrity says it's good. It must be good.

It's crazy, right? There's also, you know, look there's also This can be leveraged by bringing in an external celebrity. There is also the value of creating celebrity, right? So meaning where you engineer the vibe of celebrity. So let me give you a simple example of this.

So um years ago Teddy probably remembers this years ago. Do you remember the teddy? What was the thing where it was like MTV? It was like MTV Cribs where it was come to my house and like with celebrities. They would go to the celebrities house celebrity would open the door, you know of their you know, a beautiful beautiful home.

Come on, the tour my my home show you my cars open up my my fridge right and do that. Well, right there were some Savvy online marketers that were into this sort of thing that were Savvy enough to create their version of that kind of video and right and like they're their version of that that kind of video creating this Aura of celebrity in the right well-known celebrity well-known recognized. Oh, that's the person on on all those videos that the person that I've seen right that celebrity. There's value in Celebrity, right? There's value in Celebrity positioning.

There's you can leverage external celebrity like a legit celebrity like an athlete like an actor or actress or you can also and or you can also engineer the feeling of Celebrity Status within a niche. Does that make sense? Yeah, it's probably one of the easiest to rent to. Absolutely, that's where you can write you can absolutely rent it. Uh for sure I'll tell you that, you know, if you think about it.

Well, you you tell me what do you think is more valuable celebrity or here? Let's do this. Let's do credibility. We kind of say credibility Authority credibility might be like Here, I want you to compare the two credibility is like this dude co-authored the textbook on on Direct response marketing that's used in many colleges. Right?

His name's Bob Smith, whatever and he he coauthored the textbook used in in you know Marketing in colleges. That's an example of credibility. Right and there's lots of different ways. Like, he's the guy that's brought in to educate the top 10, you know CEOs at blah blah companies. He's given pretty there's lots of ways to create create credit credibility.

There's also right there's there are a lot of people that have a lot of credibility that are broke, Right like that are broke and right celebrity. You can leverage celebrity significantly more from it from a monetization perspective then credibility. But if you engineer both or develop both right now, you're stacking that that trust and so you see how like let's do this. So it's weird how um, like Dr. Phil you're seeing like Dr.

Phil like Dr. Phil's like I don't even know what he's a doctor of Right, but Dr. Phil, right? I really don't even know what the doctor I really don't I have no I have no idea but like all of a sudden now, you take Dr. Phil and you have them endorse your supplement and now you've got this weird combination of credibility and and celebrity.

That's now right like endorsing your supplement. And I I really I don't have no idea. He's a psychologist is he? What does that have to do with you know a particular supplement but that's the celebrity right credibility. We're gonna talk about familiarity but these are things that can be engineered.

These are things that need to be taken into consideration when you're looking at let's say the spokesperson behind the behind a particular product when you're looking at the vendor of a particular product, right? Is there Authority and is it being conveyed and is it being built? Is there Affinity with this individual is that Affinity being established? Is that Affinity being nurtured right? Is there any kind of celebrity positioning?

Is there anything? We can do to earn that celebrity positioning to engineer That Celebrity positioning or to borrow that celebrity. Um, excuse me, um positioning positioning or right or rent it like Teddy said just rent the celebrity, right? Um, and is there credibility in there right? These are things that we need to write that we need to consider and these are the first four that we need to consider or else where should trust come from?

Or else what are we relying on to establish trust with a prospect right? Like a lot of marketers a lot of entrepreneurs and this is an important point. They make the mistake of thinking that just because they say something and it's true that the marketplace is gonna believe them. Right just because you say something and it's true doesn't mean people are gonna believe it right. I've said many times before not everything that's true is believable and not everything that's believable is true.

Just because you say something doesn't mean that people are gonna believe it. It could be like truthful. It could be backed by like a lot of extensive proof doesn't mean that everybody's gonna believe it. There's value. Sure, that's quick question.

So like if I if I came to you and and I said look and and we're talking about something in your house. You're Plumbing or something like that and I say to you. Hey, I've been a plumber for 20 years. Okay. So does that make me an authority or does that is that give me credibility like that the kind of this kind of fuzzy between in my mind between some of these like that the actual definition?

Yeah exam. Yeah. It does make sense makes complete sense. And I think that some of these are a little a little funny I would say that that gives you credibility. Okay, it gives you it gives you credibility if let's say you were the um, let's say Let's say you were the president of the plumbers Union, um, you know, or you are the guy that up you gave the final approval on all new Plumbing projects commercial projects approved in West Palm.

That's right. There's a level of of authority there, right if you added that Authority and you said and right, I've been a plumber, you know, I've been involved with plumbing for the last 40 years. And now for the last three years, I'm the whatever head plumbing inspector for, you know for Palm Beach County. Okay. Now, you've got this mixture of credibility and um and Authority so you can have people that have a lot of credibility that aren't necessarily in a position of authority and then you could have people that are in a position of authority that don't have a whole lot of credibility right like, you know, Like somebody could be the principal of a private school, right?

And that's a position of authority. But then when you ask them like what what do you you know, how long have you been in the education profession and they say for seven months? Well my gosh, right the question that you're gonna ask them is how did you get that position? Because right you right there's there's little credibility. But if it's right like I've been involved in this for 30 years.

I have six degrees in in education and I'm the principle of the now you've got Authority and you've got credibility. So think of you know think of authority as more of just it's almost you know, it's almost And man, I almost hesitate to say this out loud, but I would say for me, you know, the trust that comes from credibility feels deserved the trust that comes from Authority almost feels like a brain hack. hmm Right like to me. It's like, you know, you know, there's credibility in the guy who wrote the book on you know, marketing the guys, you know, who's conducted X number of studies and he's pioneered x amount of research. Like there's a lot of credibility in there even if the guy is in no position of authority whatsoever, but to me, you know, Just because somebody is a leading doctor doesn't mean anything really it's just in our head right?

Like we it's all it's one of those weird brain hacks, like in our head. We think that that means something right and that's why for what it's worth. I'll tell you without going down a tangent here because I want to make sure that we get through all these um, you know, that's why there are in argumentation. There are fallacies where it is an appeal to Authority, right like and it's a fallacy meaning it is it's like, you know, the even the the president of the, you know, electricians union agrees with me. Well, that doesn't make the argument stronger.

That's a fallacy right? That's an appeal to Authority that right is almost it's leveraging this thing that's hard wired in our brain to accept people in Authority as more trustworthy as more credible that but that's really Mentation a fallacy when you're appealing to an authority. So for me credibility is more it's warranted extra trust and Authority is more. You know, like I said just that weird brain hack next is demonstration. I think that look, you know you you know, if you know, you can earn someone's trust by demonstrating what it is that you're what it is that you are saying.

So if somebody says to you that they have a um to bring down your blood pressure or natural hack to bring down your your blood pressure that anybody can do at home and it works in 60 seconds and they walk you right and and this is one of many, um Wellness Health hacks that they they can equip you with and they walk you through they take 60 seconds to walk you through to demonstrate the power of one of these hacks are trust level for them goes up. Right. So our trust level for them goes up if they demonstrate right one like so it's and that should be common sense because right to say you can do acts. There's I have to believe but you demonstrate it and now that's a level of proof evidence right that makes everything else that you say that much more trustworthy. If you say you've got five hacks and I'm gonna show you one.

I'm gonna demonstrate one and I'm gonna walk you through it and it's wow, you just demonstrated like there's a trust level there. And so does that does that make sense? Yeah, it makes it makes at least 400 dollars worth of sense, which my wife just spent on the cruise ship on face creams and stuff because the Dude put it on her face and instantly she saw the difference. She's like, yeah, I love it and I I love that kind of stuff like and and I'm the worst with that my wife like, you know, you go over to Costco whatever and somebody's doing like a, you know, a pitch man is doing a demonstration on a mop and it's like you're Blown Away by the you see the thing and before you know it you're coming home with of them right for friends and family and it never works the way that pitch man does it but that's the value of right of even in in marketing the dramatic demonstration, right? That's why in most most good infomercials.

There's some sort of demonstration there. It just makes things more more trustworthy. Familiarity so familiarity we could bring up these these two because there's somewhat tied together. So and remember these are coming from Dan Kennedy. So familiarity is how familiar somebody is with you.

And I think that that is right. Is this the first time that they're hearing from you? Is this the second time that they're hearing from you or seeing you or seeing your face? Is this the 20th time right the more familiar we are with somebody or right or a company the more the greater the level of trust we tend to have right and that's you know, that's I I think we we instinctively know that even in relationships. You meet somebody for the first time right as this complete stranger the trust level that you have with a complete strange stranger is the lowest it'll ever be the more you get to know that person the more you're around that person the more you see that person the more you hear from that person the more comfortable you tend to be Cal.

Right and the the more familiar you become with them and the greater the level of trust. I'm not saying that familiarity equals complete trust. I'm not saying that familiarity is all you need to be trustworthy. These are things that add up you can start to see here if you look at this list before right if you engineer, A position of Authority or you bring in an authority or you quote and an authority you demonstrate Affinity through what it is that you you say through whether it's through values or through you you were part of the marketplace right you either you borrow celebrity or you've created celebrity or you position your speaker as a celebrity, right, which is a conversation for a different for a different day. There's credibility behind the the person the the the vendor the speaker the the face of the company whatever it is, um, and they're familiar with you.

They see you. This is the value of right when people talk about in content marketing Omni presence being all over the place. What's the value of being all over the place? It's familiarity and right. I would say that when you're all over the place, right?

There's this maybe there's this little bit of do I think this person's an authority. They're they're all over the they're all over the place. Is there a little bit of celebrity maybe coming in now? Right. And so now you've got this little bit of celebrity right a little bit of maybe Authority if they are speaking if they're if they're a good communicator, right?

There's a demonstration of their expertise. They're not just saying they're an expert there's a demonstration of their expertise and familiarity right familiarity. This is why for what it's worth and I've said this I've said this for years. This is why I believe that if you took a webinar from cold traffic, this is this is right. I believe that if you took a webinar from cold traffic and that's let's say an hour long and you versus the same message broken up over different parts and different days forget the difference in consumption forget all that, but you broke out a one hour webinar into four different call it 20 minute.

You know or 15 minute Parts over multiple days. There is a different level of trust that's established over those multiple Parts because right now we spent four days together. Now we've been together on right on four different occasions. There's a different level of familiarity compared to right just a one-time thing. Just I clicked on an ad and I went to a webinar.

This is my first interaction with you. And so there is a different level of familiarity and I believe that that leads to a different level of trust. That's why I feel like they're that's one of the things that doesn't get talked about with a product launch. Is that by the time right and even a what do you call a challenge? Where it's like my gosh by the end of this thing, right?

I feel like man we've been together so much. I feel like I know you we bonded like we write there's a level of familiarity that you don't get from the same amount of content delivered in a in a in a single a single unit. And I think that similar to that is that frequency. So the frequency is just all about how often am I am I seeing this person's face. Am I seeing content?

Am I hearing from them right when it's infrequent trust goes down because I think that relationship goes down familiarity right begins to lesson the more frequent. It makes sense that the The more frequently you you hear from somebody the more I believe trust there is this is why I think when you see like when you used to see I'm sure he still is all over maybe I just don't see it anymore. But Gary Vee like, you know what I mean any time I went on social media. I would see something from Gary Vee like right like so if I went on social media twice in one day twice in one day, I'm seeing from Gary Vee, right? Like if for those people that are on social media three and four times a day like that, you know, they're seeing three four times Gary's popping up on there on there, um on their on their screen and of course, then he's got this right.

He's got celebrities. He's got a bit of affinity he's got all these these different elements and the final one is just transferred and borrowed and this is really kind of what Teddy was was talking about. Earlier, this is whether you see this with you know, whether people and people take pictures, um with other let's say celebrities other authorities other experts other people with affinity or quote them. Sometimes you see I love when I see it's hysterical when I see a marketing campaign where somebody quotes like there's a there's a Dan Kennedy quote just as an example here a Dan Kennedy quote and it's a quote from like one of Dan's books or one of his presentations that has absolutely nothing to do with like the product and what's is not endorsing it. He's not he's not giving a case study your testimonial or but that's borrowing and transferring right trust with Dan's image with Dan's name, right?

Even if there's no direct like that's and there's a lot of different ways to To to do that and so these are the the eight different triggers for trust. Anybody have any I know we breathe through these anybody have anything to add? I think I think it's super interesting that one of the one of the most prolific brand endorsers right now is You know and African-American previously on trial for murder former gangster pot smoker, right? Yeah, everybody hits all of these right? He's got Authority he's got Affinity with with his, you know, his demographic certainly a celebrity he transferred and borrowed Martha Stewart's, you know, Authority like so Snoop is just you know, like he was just coming up like as you were going through each one like Jesus, it's all these it's amazing.

What is his career? You know? Yeah. I mean, it's crazy how like you don't have to have right every single every single one of these but there's right like certainly like look, I think you know celebrity is certainly like is certainly a powerful trigger for for many people. That's why celebrities get paid so much money to endorse recommend products to show them on their on their you know on their Instagram because for whatever reason right there is like, you know, I I don't even know what it is, but obviously there's there's massive, you know, there's massive value there interesting because you could almost say that right part of that celebrity leans into that familiarity, right?

Like if you watch friends every night for six years and then you know people who face is hey, you should buy this thing. You're like, oh, yeah, we hang out every Thursday night. We have a good time. Of course, I'm gonna trust it makes sense logically, but I think that that's familiarity, but I want to add I've been I think I've spoken about this before, but I want to add one to this list. Data, you know Teddy just came back from traveling and we were talking about how in in different countries.

You see people's value systems are different, you know, you travel to Europe people value older people. There's more veneration for Heritage and things like that very different than the us and it always shocked me because in the US I feel like above all else above work ethic higher education above Integrity. We value humor. If someone can make you laugh you trust them. It makes no sense.

There's no logic but in an argument in a position somebody's funny they go like yeah. It must be a good guy, right if you can if you can get somebody, I mean they why do we listen to Ryan Reynolds? What does Ryan Reynolds Authority? I'm nothing right? But it's like always funny so clearly we must trust him.

Yeah. I I think the only thing that I'll say with that and that there there is it's interesting man. It's it is it's an interesting and I would agree with you. I think the issue that we you got to be careful. With is that funny is subjective.

And so right like in other words, right funny is is very subjective. So if you read most, um, copy books, even you know, ironically like Dan Kennedy and whatnot. Most will tell you you got to be very careful with humor because what's funny to one person isn't necessarily funny to um another person and there's so much subjectivity in there. I would agree with you Damian that when a person can make you laugh like when a person makes you laugh there's I don't know. I don't know if I would say there's a greater level of trust but they're certainly a greater level of of attractiveness and Charisma to that individual.

Right like we want to be around people that make us laugh. They make us feel good. They're fun. We're attracted to them. But the question is right, like, you know, the question becomes a comedian that you or I would like is Michael gonna appreciate the same.

Let's say Northern humor, right? You know, Jersey humor that and is a deed are going to appreciate the same kind of humor that Michael does right and that's that's where that subjectivity comes in. And so I agree with you. I just think we have to be careful that we don't We're not trying to. I think we just have to be careful with that.

But I like what you're I I agree with you in the in the old in the overall message. Anybody else have anything to add? I love the little discussions like I love when Damien at when you guys add stuff anybody else. no, okay, I think look you know look the thing that all that I'll say is I just want to go back to this right here and You know the savviest marketers and this is an important thing. This is like right if you you know, this is something to ponder truly Ponder the savviest marketers understand that there's often a need to engineer these things into a marketing campaign just like there's you know, there's sometimes it might not be clear.

How do you create urgency or how do you create, you know, maybe scarcity without lying right into it into an offer right? Like how do you build in credibility? How do you establish credibility? Right? Like what can we do to engineer it how can we frame things a certain way to convey it?

This is why it's so important that you understand and remind yourself of always, what are those psychological and emotional triggers that we want to hit in this campaign before you write any copy you have to think about what are the psychological triggers that we Want to that we want to that we want to flick that we want to hit here in this campaign. And and how are we gonna do that and some of them might require us engineering framing repositioning maybe changing the offer in a way to build in urgency for response maybe building in right? Like we have to create a premium a bonus specifically to be used in here where we're only going to give away 200 copies so that now we have added urgency and scarcity in here right knowing that right we need to engineer. Um, In here, and so trust is just another trigger that we need to really think about and we need to engineer if necessary, and so cool make sense. Yep.

All right. Think about it. That's all she wrote for today. I will see you guys and gals next week if you need anything. Let me know.

Thanks, Dad. Got it.
