---
title: "cc_2023-05-02"
date: 2023-05-02
duration: 53m
duration_seconds: 3219
vimeo_id: 823097608
folder: "2023 Copy Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-05-02

**Date:** 2023-05-02 | **Duration:** 53m | **Folder:** 2023 Copy Calls

---

All right. So first and foremost, I apologize for the disheveled. Look this has become my new standard. My go-to. Look every day the just move the hair over and Shuffle Up The Beard a little bit.

Uh, but all kidding aside. I want to have a conversation with you guys today. I wanted to discuss hooks angles really big ideas, and I want to do that by first kicking us off by looking at a piece of copy. That came across my desk not from one of our students or or tribe members. I don't believe but I received an email from somebody that Somebody that I think has got some good writing shops.

And I guess the email that he had sent this particular writer was kind of endorsing this particular sales letter this particular marketer copywriter, whatever you want to call the Creator behind this. And and so I click through out of out of curiosity of all, you know, copywriting related offers. I'm always curious to see the copy behind the copywriting related offers and what we're going to take a peek at is the sales letter and I really just want to have kind of an open discussion about about ideas really about you know, hooks about angles and coming up with angles and identifying what are appropriate angles and how do you know? Or how do you get at least some insight into um, is this idea potentially or hook or angle Off the Mark? Is it just two outrageous is a two out there is it not outrageous enough all that kind of stuff.

And so With that, let me share my screen and I want to I do want to ask a question actually before I share my screen because I don't want you to get caught up immediately in the copy what you're gonna see is this is a Google doc. Okay, so it's a Google doc sales letter and we've seen that, you know, we've started to see that more and more. So just out of sheer curiosity. What is the potential value of delivering a or publishing a sales letter on a Google doc? So I would say well to two things off the bat number one is that it's if you open the email in Gmail, it's included as an attachment.

And and two it kind of drops your guard a little bit because it's not you know, you can't order from a Google doc. Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah. I I think that two, you know two great.

Um, two great points, right? I think you know, the reason why I asked the question is because it's always important that we we ask ourselves like why you know, like what what's the value of this like strategically? What what do I think is the value of this? What what's the purpose behind this? Right?

Like why are we why are we doing this? How do we stand to benefit or gain from this right? And so you could make the argument that um, That tactically right when you when you use a Google a Google Google doc. Um, it is included as an attachment, right? And so that that's tactically right.

It's included as an attachment. And so if it's included as an attachment, what are we hoping that will do like Teddy what is so it's included as an attachment. How do we benefit from that? Um think about it because it's it's a lot simpler than you think right so loadable. It's downloadable.

Meaning what meaning what like it's downloadable. So what if I said to you like so what it's downloadable? What does that mean? So I'm a marketer. I'm a copywriter, right?

And you say to me like look if you send this if you have a sales letter, that is a Google doc right when you send it out in email, there's gonna be and attachment and so right which makes it, you know, quote unquote downloadable and I say to you so what because really if we if just roll with me for a second here. This is totally not this is totally going down a rabbit hole that I think that this is valuable just in terms of your thinking and really developing more of a more of this kind of analytical marketers mindset. Is right like so what the the idea that it's downloadable is just a feature the idea that right if you will right is just it's just a feature it the idea that it's included in in an email in in. Um Gmail as an attachment big deal. That's just a feature.

What's the benefit to me as the marketer behind this? Well, I I think I think you're likely to get more more views on it because the where you go links not one right? There you go. Right like there you go. That's the right.

So my point in sharing that right really like look if we were ultimately if we were writing copy to sell people on the the idea of using a Google doc for a sales letter we would be we would certainly say that like look it It uh, you know, when you include the sales letter as a Google doc, it shows up as an attachment making it, you know downloadable of which means for you that it increases click-through rate. It includes it increases eyeballs. It increases traffic you get better conversions from email over to Write the sales letter. Um, and so from a pure marketing perspective. That's how we present it.

I'm sharing it in this context because it's important to understand right like that is that's a play the strategy is what can we do to increase clicks? What can we do to move more people qualified people from the email over to the sales letter? Well, this right now is potentially one way of doing that of increasing that the the rate at which people open the email and And move over and so you're absolutely right that whole this whole little discussion about this. Google doc sales letter was just so that right you guys start to question. Like what's the value of this?

Why is this being done? What's the strategy that we're trying to take advantage of right? So a good delivering the sales letter is a Google doc is just a tactic, right? It's a tactic. What is it trying to do?

Well, you could say that it's also It's also um trying to slip under the sales radar a little bit like Teddy said maybe it's you know, it's I feel more comfortable more at ease when I'm reading a Google doc. Then when I'm reading a sales page on a website. I feel more comfortable reading a message within the the Google kind of ecosystem. Then I do on somebody's private website which they fully control right right wrong or different and so there could be trust there could also be potentially right this pattern interrupt like where it's right. It's not what I'm accustomed to it's different.

We know that different gets attention different kind of changes frame. And so the point is right that it's asking asking ourselves when we see a new A new tactic or when we see something that we haven't seen before tactically that we ask ourselves. What is the potential strategic purpose reason objective behind this and so with that now let the marketer one other thing for the market or two. It's a lot quicker and easier to Create a sales letter in a Google doc then it is Click funnels. Yeah.

Yeah, no for sure. Um for sure I mean, I you know, there's always give and takes and in everything like they're certain right there's there's things that you can't do in a Google doc that or that that isn't as easy to do in a Google doc that you can do on a sales letter, but I think that there is a lot of interesting benefits to a Google. I think it's a great way to potentially test, you know, rapidly test a message even before you have it turned into or you turn it into a um, a sales page and like a an actual web page. And so um, yeah, it's it's very interesting um to me and and there's a lot of elements on this page. I mean here let me just look, let me just show you this do do Okay, so now I'm gonna scroll up and I'm going to show you the I'm going to show you the hook in the angle.

And so what basically what this is all about is of course is AI copywriting. It's writing copy with AI and so here is the Here it is established agency owners and freelance copywriters. So eyebrow pre-head calling out to the target audience breaking typical kind of direct response copy, you know gig how the how the satanic AI agenda could help you make a 7400% Roi and add at least 10 clients to your service business in 2023 without having a higher more employees or work more hours read this whole letter to discover and then we'll we'll take a look at these bullets in just a second. So of course the you know, what is the angle right? What's the somebody just shouted out?

What's the hook? What's the angle here? Satanic AI agenda. Yeah the satanic AI agenda. and so um, man, I could really go down a path on on this whole Name of the document the global homo.

Yeah, that was another thing that I was gonna point out the global homo the the global homo AI agenda, like look, let me say this, you know for for what it's worth right like little things matter because I'm hitting a page. I don't care whether it's a Google doc. I don't care whether it's a web a regular, you know web page on a website. And I see global homo AI agenda on the on the tab. I'm out.

Right. I'm out man. I'm not I'm out. And so, uh, I don't care who you are. Like right like I'm out man the moment.

I see global homo. I'm out. And so I I share that because you've got to be sensitive to Little Things little things matter Little Words matter little phrases matter, right and you see, you know, again Global homo AI agenda, which I don't even know what that means. But I write what this immediately tells me. I don't even say this with I was not normally what I would say is with the utmost respect what this tells me about this person.

I am not even going to say that what this tells me is that you are a nut job. That's to me you you are immediately you are flagged as a nut job. Therefore. I don't want to hear anything else that you say. And that's in the name of the document that Teddy pointed out that is what appears in the tab right at the top of the page.

Little things that matter if it had said satanic AI agenda, you probably still be checking out as well. I mean the moment that I of course, I would and I would like look I I would so look. And this is just double he just made it doubly worse. Oh gosh. I let me tell you something.

The the first time that I hit this page the moment that I read satanic AI agenda. I was like, oh gosh, come on, man. Like are you freaking serious? And and that emotion that just oozed that came out was on multiple like for multiple reasons and so let me just roll for one second before we get into the discussion. Right?

So number one, it was certainly from a marketers perspective. I was like how much of a stretch are you gonna like? You know, you could like listen you could certainly say anything you could say anything just because you could say anything doesn't mean that you should right like doesn't mean that you should right. Remember we've talked many many times before about you know, what's true is not always believable and what's believable is not always true like you want true and believable, right and The the this is an example to me of somebody that has gone. You know how they've got the man.

I want to be you know what I don't really I'm I'm zero carbs. And so if I say something it's it's the cards fall that you know, the this is what happens when people go either too far left or too far right when you go off the this is an example of somebody that takes the the big idea takes the the idea of shock of pattern interrupt of something new and different and goes to the extreme goes beyond the point of believability of relevance of top of mind. Oh something that is already aware to the prospect something that the prospect is already thinking even a little bit and it just goes off the radical deep end like the radical deep. and here and um And so look if you look at the rest of this copy and I'll send you this this link if you look at the rest of the copy, it's not bad like it really it's I can tell that that this that this copywriter has some kind of a mentoring or training that originates from the Agora Agora World kind of you know, hey, I can tell I can tell by the structure of the message. I can tell by the proof points, right?

I can tell by the argument being presented the problem is is that the hook the angle to me. There's no freaking way right if I was a betting man, which I'm not I would bet that house that this thing is a flop. ain't nobody coming here and reading about the satanic AI agenda and being like, you know, what man I do need to get on top of this AI stuff because of the satanic agenda like, you know, and the elite the elites which somewhere down here the the satanic Elites planned AI uprising like This is an example of just it's extremism. It's shock value. It's the example that I told you guys about of the we're selling an olive leaf extract supplement and let's open up the vsl with a story that takes place mid-bank robbery where three guys get shot in the leg and one's bleeding on the lobby floor and it has nothing to do with all of leaf extract.

It's pure shock value and right like right. This is just a utterly ridiculous. And so with that let's talk about let's just talk about this a little bit and I don't want don't let my strong feelings or or verbiage impact what it is that you say an ad. This is a discussion, right? And in terms of what you feel there is no right or wrong what you feel is what you feel.

But so when you see say Panic AI agenda when you when you see this Hulk this this angle this idea that you know, when you see this tell me what Pops in what what comes to your mind. I mean what initially comes to my mind is I've long suspected that Teddy was a part of the satanic AI agenda as well as the global homo agenda. And so I just wanted to get that on the table Yeah. Well it he's definitely part of the global homo agenda. That's for sure.

I don't know about this. I agenda but definitely yeah, I I would read for sure. Yeah. It was just written by Motley Crue or what who know? Yeah you would read this.

What did you read this all kidding aside, would you read this? There's enough curiosity there to see what the hell it's about. Yeah, are you now only buy it, but I would be curious. Yeah. So on the market copyright is standpoint.

I would look at yeah. Yeah, it's different right as a marketer right like so let me look, you know, when I hit this page I was like come on dude, but of course from a marketer's perspective. I wanted to see I want to see how he ties in this satanic AI agenda. I want to see how he presents it. I want to see how he how he attempts to build an argument for it.

And then I want to see how he attempts to then go from that argument segwaying into the offer. Here's why you need XYZ and so certainly I'm always fascinated, um by that and I think that's where you know, that's where we need to be a sensitive to the fact that when we look at something and say well I would read that we have to ask ourselves. Well, why would we read that would we read that from a consumer's perspective because man, I'm fascinated like maybe I really do need to get into AI because there is this potentially this satanic AI agenda or am I reading it from a pure marketer's mindset because if you're reading it purely from a marketer's mindset, um, and it's not out of curiosity about like maybe I do maybe this is going on maybe I do need this then you've got to be you've got to be sensitive. Um, I I think the other thing too though is is like like who sent it to me, right like, you know, because if I already know that that person is off to the far right or far left or whatever and like This is how they talk naturally then it wouldn't be as. You know, like like order like Porter right now, right?

Like obviously heavy right wing bashing Biden right like fine, but that's his audience and that may and so, you know, if you saw the sudden saw him praising me I did you feel like what's going on Porter. Right? Right. Well said well said certainly, you know, the the the kind of The Stance and positioning of the person who sent you here and what you know about what they represent and stand for certainly impacts like the shock value and I think that's why you know, that's partially could be partially why The I was just surprised like I you know, I have respect for the writer dude who who endorses he didn't say anything about satanic or any he just said like AI copywriting it's the next thing blah blah. You need to check it out.

And then I land here and I'm like whoa, I right and and it's it's an interesting thing also for what it's worth discussion for a different day. I'm not even sure what we would do with it as marketers, but you know, certainly the expectations change how we interact with things right? Like I was like man this dude, I don't I can't recall this dude endorsing something in a while. And so I was like really excited to see what he was endorsing expecting it to be good. And then I went over there and I was like shocked that shocked at what I was seeing and shocked that this dude was endorsing it thinking like this.

He think that this is actually good copy whether he believes in what the dudes doing. Like I have no idea what this dude is offering down here. Right what this dude is offering could be legit. It could be hardcore right and I'll send you guys this like it could be hardcore the copy like I dig the rest of the copy. I like the way that this is written.

Right? Like I like the way that this is the way that this is done the way that this is is on is written. I really do I can tell that there's there's chops here, right? It's the it's the hook and we know that like you get the hook wrong. It don't matter you can have the best of the best product right?

You can even have the best of the best offer and it's gonna be hard to get by the Hulk if it's totally Off the Mark, right if it's totally off the more now keep in mind. Let me just say this for what it's worth in the spirit of transparency, and that's why I really wanted to have a discussion with you. Me saying it's totally Off the Mark. It's purely my opinion. Right.

It's purely my opinion. And so that's why I wanted to to talk to you guys. Right and I'll I'm gonna explain in just a little bit why I think that it is totally Off the Mark so that We can always be aware. You can always be aware of when you're starting to get into that that that territory of of Off the Mark. But so what Michael you are gonna you're gonna say something or I think you were you were kind of saying the same thing that Teddy was saying about as a marketer wanted to dive in but anything that else that you would add to this you've seen a ton of hooks angles.

Yeah, I you know, I look at the tab and I look at the audience that that's being called out and I don't see congruency there and then I see the hook and I see even a third point of miscongruency at least. In my mind, you know what? I mean? I think if I saw this headline how they satanic AI agenda could help you make I might be like you said as a marker on my I might be wondering what the heck is going on, but as an established agency owner or a freelance copywriter. I'm not sure that.

like you said, I I think he's it just doesn't make sense to me. But yeah, why what why do you think let's well, let's go to Adida. What do you think? What first kind of comes to mind? velocity as a marketer for sure as a marketer and copywriter would love to see you know, what's next what you know how the put all the dots on the eyes to drive home this big idea Yeah.

Yeah and Damian, what do you what do you think on a serious note what anything that you would add? not sure if Damian is still with us may not be um. you know, I I think like look, you know, I love the I I love the I love the attempt. Right, like I love what is what's being done here like this the introducing like this the satanic AI agenda or the global homo AI agenda like I like that right? Like I like, you know, like I'm a fan of what he is he's doing here, you know that right like because we're introducing something that the market player he's attempting to introduce something that the marketplace hasn't heard of before right like is unaware of is gonna be curious about he's really introducing this kind of what I would call a catalyst there's something going on right now, right this this agenda that's coming to you know fruition that you likely are unaware of and this agenda that's coming to fruition, you know, right now has created a massive opportunity for you, right the the new opportunity if you will or the opportunity if you will and so I love that I Of what he's doing?

It is the Tactical Teddy. Go ahead. You have a look on your face. Like well, I was gonna say like, like if you're gonna read if you're gonna lead with something like that those it's anic AI agenda like wouldn't it be more a fear pain-based lead? Could be I mean it depends on right like you would think that like you would think but you know, and I'll send you this because I think that you'll you especially Teddy will will get a kick out of this you really all should read this because like I said, there's a lot of good there is a lot of good copy.

Um, In here, and I'm I'm not saying that I don't even know who the copywriter is. There's the the intro somewhere you guys can read it read it later. Um, he's like a student. Of us. I think he's a student of a student of ours.

And so this what happens when you you record a cassette tape and then you record a copy of the recording of the cassette tape. That's what happens but it's good. Like there's good copy in here. Um, and so well I say so again right like oh going back to what what Teddy was saying you could you could take that angle. The angle could be like, you know the see depending on how it how how he chooses to present it.

It could be like look the satanic AI agenda. Is right there, they're trying to hold you, you know, they're they're trying to crush small businesses. They're trying to control small businesses. Here's proof and they're doing it through XYZ. But if you're one of the Smart Ones you can make a move right now and use some of the AI right to protect yourself and not just protect yourself against that but grow like a a weed those who don't do this.

Are going to get crushed by this satanic AI agenda blah blah, right? That's the fear kind of angle. But then you could also just take it and say write the elites are creating this kind of they're going all in on AI, right and the smartest entrepreneurs like us can join them can hitch our wagon right um to them but instead of using it for evil we can use it for good to grow our businesses to grow our freedom to grow our economy. And here's how right you could it's all in in, um, in in the in the the reality is right and this is a great point and this is a deep discussion. It it really so two things which angle I would go with the positive or the negative.

really has a lot to do with the marketplace sentiment and does number one does the marketplace have a lot of a lot of fear over AI in this instance, right, is there a lot of fear, is there a lot of concern? Um, the people that I'm talking to is there more concern more fear like what's gonna happen to my business? Am I gonna get crushed am I gonna or is there a lot more excitement and Intrigue where right, you know, is there more of this this could change the game this could make things easier this could make things, you know, this can multiply our results right? Like I would number one I would look to. The first Marketplace sentiment and what are they thinking and feeling and believing about the core of this topic?

The core the topic is AI and so right that's where I would go. The second thing that I would consider is um is is related to this satanic AI agenda. Is this on their radar or is this totally from Left Field? Like in other words what we're what we're potentially considering to be the Hulk the angle in this case satanic AI agenda. Is this something that the marketplace is already kind of starting to think about like do they believe right?

Like do they do they already believe like, let me give you an example, so So when I say satanic AI agenda is from Left Field what I'm really ultimately saying is that if you take a hundred entrepreneurs and you ask them, right like do you do you uh, do you believe that there are some sort of elite satanic kind of cultish, you know thing going on with AI and and right the overall woman majority are gonna say absolutely not like I don't even know what you're talking about. Right? Like it's not like, you know, 15% 18% 20% are buzzing right now. Maybe they will be I have no idea but right now they they're they're not right. It's very different than let's say in the Alternative Health space or the the natural supplement space where people believe that big Pharma are are out to control.

What goes what's legal? What is considered a natural supplement? Right? So like let's say call it the big Pharma, you know supplement. Gender like if this was a supplement thing, right that is much more on their radar.

That's not a left field way out wacky tin foil wearing basement Living Concept, right that is within the frame of the the audience. They are ready have some level of belief, right? It might be minuscule for some people in the marketplace right? But there is this General kind of you know, General acceptance of big Pharma is is not on your side when it comes to natural supplements. And so I would look at right like what we're talking about here.

Number one. What's the sentiment of the the um, the audience? Um, and what's the sentiment of the audience? And is this something that they're already thinking about or is this going to be something that I'm gonna have to educate that I'm gonna have to first get them to believe this. And then get them to believe what it is that I want see in this instance this copywriter.

This marketer has to First really get people to believe that there's a satanic AI agenda. Right and then get them to believe whatever is that he wants them to believe that there is an opportunity in AI to grow to grow your business and right and my way of using AI to write copy is better than anybody else. It's like there's there's beliefs. There's a lot of beliefs that and I'm not saying that that's a bad thing per se. It just makes the job much more difficult in an Ideal World, right?

I want I want to engage with an audience where I only have to get them to believe three things rather than five things. I have to get them to believe five things. I'm gonna have to work harder. I can't my my copy is gonna be longer. The message is gonna be longer and right.

There's that many more drop off points or potential drop off points. The other thing what do you do in a sentiment is both it's both fear and excitement. Yeah, so I'm gonna pick the the well, so are you saying it's both in that there's a segment of the market. That's the bejesus is scared out of them and there's a segment of the market that's like over the moon thrilled. I would say that the whole Market is experiencing a little bit of both.

Like there's a there's a little bit of fear, even on my end, right? There's a little bit of fear of what I do in terms of coding or whatever could easily be replaced by Ai and yet I also see the excitement and the opportunity of what I can do with it. Yeah, so it's a great question. I think I would look to see is there one that's more dominant than the other and right like let's let's call it, you know like and this is where it's just this is where it is. Like I've said many times before this is the part of marketing that is a bit subjective.

Meaning that like right. I'm gonna I'm gonna look and I'm gonna say You know do I feel like there's a little bit do I feel like there's more excitement than there is fear that you know that if we lined up, you know, let's say 50 50 marketers entrepreneurs that you know, the majority of what they're feeling 50 60 70% of what they're feeling is excitement, but they also have a little trepidation like a little fear 30% is a little fear. Well if that's what I believe that the majority of what they're feeling is excitement and hope and you know, wow, this is you know, they're in all their their enamored by this but there is a little bit of fear. I'm gonna go with what I believe is the dominant the dominant emotion now if there is a split because sometimes they're There are there there is there's a segment of the audience that the the bejesus is scared out of them. And right like they're they're terrified.

Um, and they're terrified and the that's really their dominant emotion because they haven't engaged yet with AI they're oh they're they're intimidated by AI. They're overwhelmed by Ai and it right they have the you know, they're they're terrified. So there's a segment of the market that's scared. There's a segment of the market that is over the moon thrilled and then there is that that the middle of the bell curve that is likely to me. I would say more excited than they are fearful.

Well if it was let's say let's say hypothetically it was kind of a 50/50, you know where I think man. There's a huge chunk of the market that's thrilled and there's a huge chunk of the market that's terrified. Then it really just comes down to which which Market do I want to go after which Market which segment excuse me of the market. Do I want to go after which segment of the market do I feel I can have a more? Powerful powerful more emotional message which one do I feel I can make a a better more emotional and logical case to like do I think that you know, can I can I it can I do I feel like I can come up with a message that's gonna really kind of tap into the greed more powerfully than the fear do I think that I can come up with it?

Yeah. I think I could come up with and then I'm gonna go that way and so it's not like You know what I'm saying? There's no I don't believe there's a scientific formula for choosing. It's great question though Teddy. Does that make sense?

Yeah, that makes sense. I think you know the thing the the thing that I really wanted to hit on with this, you know, the like look I you And I'd love to hear from you guys on this. You know, I think. first of all, like look without getting too far into the weeds, you know this satanic AI agenda, you know, you're It's such a stretch because number one like you're you're asking people to believe that there is a right satanic AI that there is this agenda? Okay that you're you're asking people to believe that there is this agenda?

You're asking people to believe that it's not there's not only this agenda but that it's you know, satanic, whatever. That means right? It's evil. It's satanic. You're right like and why would you choose to like which is a very top it's a topic that is man.

It's a very difficult like You know what? Why wouldn't you? why would you choose to make your job so much so much more difficult than like there is a you know, there is a a gathering of six, you know. Chief Financial officers that have an agenda a secret agenda right like getting people to believe that there's a satanic agenda say Panic Gathering that people that believe in this, you know, you know evil thing is a lot more difficult than getting people to believe that there's this, you know, the this country this this club of Chief Financial officers that are plotting, you know, you see how one is much more of a stretch one makes things much more difficult. It's kind of like, you know, like what you know, why would you you know, like the Paranormal AI agenda like why would you engage in a topic that is going to be so difficult for you to get the bulk of people like let's not talk about ghosts.

Let's not talk about right like Paranormal Activity. Let's not talk about things that are so outside the norm. So outside the purview of the average individual that like You know what? I mean, like take something like this. I I take right I look at something like this and I apply it to like my wife who to this day knows nothing about like, you know direct response.

Like you know what I mean? She's the one that when it's buy one get one free. She does the buy one get one free and we don't even need one let alone both of them. Right and so um, but I I think right if it's like the how the satanic you know, how the satanic Commerce agenda right can give you, you know, 80% discount on Handbags and shoes and what are you doing? Like with what are you doing man?

Like there's a better way to get attention. There's a better way to differentiate right? There's a better way to have a pattern interrupt that doesn't fall. So outside the the the the the norm right like, you know, like look to say that there is and I I'm all over the place here. And I apologize for that but to say like that, you know, there's hidden oil underneath the Eiffel Tower that that one company is ready to tap into and they're gonna you know have an IPO in the next four weeks.

And if you know about it, you can get really wealthy. It's another thing to say that there is hidden oil under the Eiffel Tower that was planted there by Ancient Aliens. And if you know about the IPO, right you can get wealthy like why would you do that? Like you just killed it? You know, I'm just gonna mention the Ancient Aliens thing based on your comment of a friend's video.

Oh crying out loud and with with for oh my gosh all things. Holy for the love of God, man. Uh, you know, oh my goodness. Uh, I deleted that comment. By the way, I went back and I was like, what am I doing here?

But the point is that you know, like when it's it's so far outside the The the norm right? Like you're you're just asking for problems, right and like eat right wrong or indifferent. Even if this dude like I'm gonna go on the Assumption here that this dude believes, please I would hope he believes that there's some sort of satanic AI agenda. I would hope he does or else then he's just right. He's lying.

He's talking about something that he doesn't even believe in so right I'm gonna like even if remember if True and believable true and believable. It's not enough to just be true. It's got to be believable and it's certainly not enough to be believable at all has to be true, right and so like why would you do that? So my point in all this is we are looking for different. We are looking for Unique.

We are looking for fresh. We are looking for timely but we're I want to be careful. There's a threshold that I'm gonna try not to cross over where it becomes like men. This is wildly hard to believe because we're now in this realm of whackiness. right wackiness like, you know what I mean like walking and And I think that you you know there there, you know, you you're here in this case.

There's also like and you gotta you gotta recognize this like little nuances little things you're tapping into something that has the potential in some people to immediately trigger certain feelings and emotions. I know that there there are some people men. There are some folks within my sphere you mentioned God and they're done like Right. You got one end. You got you know God done say done you mentioned right?

Like, you know, you run the risk of right like you mentioned right wing done left-wing done. Assuming that you're not just talking to right-wing people right like and so you just have to be sensitive to like, we're not going way outside the realm of believability where we are now starting in a hole where we run the risk of having people hit it and see it and be like, oh my gosh, dude, I'm out. And so I I has this been at all helpful. Yeah, no actually has. Yeah.

Good. Yeah, I was just gonna say that hmm. It's you know, when you're trying to come up with a hook you still want the shock people. You still want to stop the scroll, you know what I mean? And it's so easy to like.

Just tip over that edge and and come across something like satanic AI agenda, you know, yeah. Yeah. Because I think you know what Michael it's such a great point that you you know, you know what it is. It's because and this is hopefully this will be this will put a nice cap on this. You know, I think I want something that is new.

unique interesting compelling and believable plausible like right reasonably plausible. I'm not thinking first shock value and I think that what happens is right when guys try to come up with our folks try to come up with a you know, a hook and angle where they immediately go and where it's kind of for them. Right? It's 80/20 right? It's 80% shock value and so right it's 80% shock value and 20% you know, um believable.

Reasonably plausible like that's possible Right like it's 20% for them and it's 80% shock value for me. It's the other way for me. It's I want somebody to be like I never I never heard of that like that. That could be legit. Like that's right.

Like well, you know what, I mean with with a topic like this that is so new and fresh like like you don't have to go to this extreme yet. It doesn't feel like right like you're exactly man today you take what AI but exactly like you find a leak document from Twitter about AI find a lead document from some SAS company about AI like and that's believable. Right? Like they're you know, they're like where you don't have to go to you don't need the you can still write you can stay with the hidden oil under the Eiffel Tower. You don't need we're we're way too early to bring in the Ancient Aliens, you know, I mean, we're way too early to unleash the Foes and so like but that's for me.

I'm thinking you know, what like I want it like I would think I sit back and I think okay. Let's take let's take for example, you know just really quick and then I'll let you guys Boogie like I think crypto right? And so if I was thinking crypto, I think okay, Teddy. Teddy seen it all Teddy's right the most skeptical like, you know, he's all over he's smart. He's rips apart like right.

He's heard it all seen it all. And so I certainly could go to some wild extreme like the satanic crypto agenda right and right but I think to myself what is new like what's fresh that I think Teddy hasn't heard that Teddy hasn't seen that is like where it's immediately gonna be like that's that's crazy. Teddy's gonna say to himself that's kind of crazy. Like if that's true and that's like reasonably possible. Like that's right.

Like that's yeah. Maybe there could be like a Hayden, you know, like I am curious to see the email exchange between the crypto and the the head of the the FED like if there really is a legit thing leaked about what's coming next. I'm right like that's believable. Right? What's not believable is the head of the Fed was having a conversation with aliens and like and there's proof like, why would you do that?

Why would you do? You just don't need that see so I'm thinking to myself. What could I say to Teddy? Right? What hook what angle that he would with with this topic with crypto in this case right with AI that Teddy would see as as new like meaning something that he hasn't heard before like fresh right like that.

Again that is is immediately is more. is more I'm gonna say leans more towards easy to believe then hard to believe right like it's believable. I'm not saying I'm not putting something out. Like that's 90 90 plus percent like where he's gonna be like, oh, of course, that's true. I know it's true.

It's all over the New York Times all Washington Post and I'm but I want something that Teddy is gonna say that's that's plausible. Like that's plausible. And if this is true, it changes everything. Yes, like that's the right like this is plausible. Like this is like like right like you don't have to be a lunatic to believe that this is true.

I don't have to write I don't have to abandon the majority of my world view right to believe that this is true. Like this is like like if this is true, why is not what why is it? Why aren't more people talking about this and like this legitimately could be true. Let me dive in and find out like is there legitimate proof and that's what I want and that's that sweet spot. That's the sweet spot where right it feels this.

Why we've said right now you Circle back to what we've talked about for years. It feels newsworthy. It feels like I just stumbled on something a discovery right like that like is reasonably right plausible. Right like at that what like if this is true, why are more people talking about this? Like this is as Teddy just said, this is a game changer.

That's The Sweet Spot and so right this is why you it's not Shock value for shock value, right what the way that I look at it is is this I want to if you will. And I don't even want to use the word shock, but I want to shock or Shake people out of their complacency. Not with pure shock value right not with like not with pure not with tabloid ish. You know like man with Gorilla leg discovered in Palm Beach County. Like I want to shock people out of their complacency with something that is oh my gosh.

This could be legit and if it is it changes everything and why are more people talking about this and oh my gosh, I just discovered what could be the motherload like but isn't it but isn't that also like so I guess the like because that's what fuels all the conspiracy theories and Q and on and all right. The voting machines were were hacked and that's why right like change everything sure and that's why it takes off. It's plausible. It's not you know, it'd be a lot different. If they said right it was by the satanic cult or the satanic, right?

There's a satanic agenda behind the voting machine. Believe me. When I tell you that you would lose half the people that are participating in the but look it is plausible. I don't know, you know, I I mean, you know, I I don't know. I don't know.

I don't think so, but it's plausible. It's not out of the realm of I wouldn't have to abandon my world view. I wouldn't have to accept things that like, I wouldn't have to believe in something that like, I'm gonna I'd be embarrassed to tell my family over Thanksgiving dinner, right like plausible feasible. You know what I mean? Like there are a lot of things that you know, and and I think that's the That's the thing Teddy.

Like that's the you know for what it's worth we can end with this, you know, because this will lose what we're gonna tie this all together, you know, there's this thing. I don't know who said it but there's this thing that they say, you know, like I don't know if they say the the devil but they say, you know the best lies. The best lies always have a bit of Truth in them. It's a little Distortion of the truth. Right like you take the truth and you distort it just a little bit right not where it's this outlandish, you know, like, you know, it's this outlandish thing the truth, right?

And so that's where when it's it's plausible a lot of stuff that's you know, and the stuff that's plausible that's reasonable right is the stuff that catches on because when people say that could that yeah that could right. That's the that's the Sweet Spot That's The Sweet Spot. That's what I look for. I look for right I think about when I think again if I was doing something for crypto think about Teddy, I know what this dude sees like what he's seen. I know right seeing it.

All right, he's heard it all. He's highly skeptical. He's highly right like jaded, you know, like he's experience at all. He's paid for things. He's doing things.

He's in the myth these things and so right like, I don't I'm not gonna go what wacky I do need something new. Right to get attention. I do need something different. I do need something exciting that has the potential like Teddy said To change the game or be viewed as this could change everything right? I needed to be wildly compelling like where there is, you know some drama to this.

Um, but I also need it to be reasonably plausible. Like I need people to say. Yeah, this this is not outlandish it's possible. It's possible like my gosh and if it's true like it's that's crazy. If it like that's what you want.

Does that make sense? Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Yeah think about it because it's so right like this is what this is what we go this to me is the fun part of marketing, right? This is where right like when this is when we do the examination when we do the research and we dig deep right we dig deep and then we're we're looking for that hook, right and we're look and we're using these filters that we just came up with to like that.

That would be you know, this would be too way out too much of a stretch right like and that's the thing the thing that end with recognize like, you know, I want I don't I want the least stretch Possible where it's still new different unique compelling right where it is a bit of a pattern interrupt. It's a pattern interrupt because it's something they haven't heard before right like it's just it's wildly. It's wildly different but it's reasonably plausible. That's what I'm looking for. I'm not looking for the biggest stretch that I can I can I can make because that just makes my job that much more difficult right?

I'm looking for the least stretch that accomplishes the the goal and so think about okay. Good good discussion. I enjoyed it. I appreciate you guys participating. And so thank you.

And so have an amazing day. If you guys need anything you let me know on slack. If not, I'll talk to you next week. Thanks John guys.
