---
title: "cc_2023-01-03"
date: 2023-01-03
duration: 54m
duration_seconds: 3288
vimeo_id: 786047401
folder: "2023 Copy Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-01-03

**Date:** 2023-01-03 | **Duration:** 54m | **Folder:** 2023 Copy Calls

---

All right. So what I want to do today, we're gonna be kind of let me let me kind of couch this we're gonna be doing some exciting things over the next handful of weeks some more in-depth campaign critiques some copy analysis. We're gonna be putting a Michael and our E5 coaching team on the hot seat to really, um, kind of lead these um, campaign critiques or do a lot more sharing but for today, what I I want to do is I want to kind of reiterate and expand on something that I've talked about before but I believe is more essential now than ever before especially in competitive crowded saturated markets like the one that we are operating in I'm gonna bring up a little slide. Got one slide that I want to walk through and we're gonna walk through. I titled this Five Points of differentiation and you guys know that like look when it comes to campaign creation engineering when it comes to my thinking about marketing campaigns about big promotions where my mind goes first always is different.

I am always looking for something different and we're gonna break down kind of the five different areas of the five different points that we can leverage in terms of differentiation so that you understand what I mean when I say differentiate, you know, one of the points that of course, we're gonna talk about and I'm gonna really want to hear from you guys and I'm gonna want you today to share your kind of perspective and insight on these Five Points of differentiation one of the points, of course that we're gonna talk about which is really the go-to Heart and soul of the E5 method is the unique mechanism, but that's only one of many points of differentiation that we can leverage and we can leverage more than one. So just because we have a unique mechanism doesn't mean that we can't or shouldn't leverage the other points of differentiation some we will be able to leverage some we may not be able to leverage and you'll understand more you'll spot this when we get to it and others we might need to engineer to strategically build into the marketing promotion the marketing campaign. Uh intentionally to be able to leverage the point of differentiation. And so let me go ahead and share my my screen and so that we can get rocking and rolling here. Okay.

And so somebody just give me a thumbs up that you can see the screen. Awesome. Thank you, Michael. and so wow, am I seeing a special a special entry today? Who we normally do not see on here, and that is Paul welcome, buddy.

Hey Todd, how are you man? Happy to be here. Wow. What a treat man to have you on here. I know that you're always usually busy and so excited to have you.

So yeah, I'm calling from the car. So I'm just gonna mute myself cool. You got it. Awesome. So Five Points of differentiation.

Like I said, like look and I I, you know, I don't want to, you know beat a dead horse so to speak but I really can't stress this enough. I really believe that if you boy and I've shared this from the stage at other people's events when presenting I really believe that the That marketing is really the art of meaningful differentiation marketing is the art of meaningful differentiation. It's the art of meaningful differentiation when it comes to getting attention to creating engagement and to ultimately producing the conversion. It's differentiation plus superiority, but at the root of really at the root of wildly effective marketing is differentiation, you've got to bring something different to the table and these five points are where my mind immediately go. It's not to say that these are the only five points but these are this is where my mind goes not necessarily in this order, but let's go through this and let's talk about each of these.

So the first point of differentiation on here is a different primary promise. And so to to kind of unpack this a little bit and we've talked about this before so many years. Go Rossa Reeves. One of the Godfathers of direct response marketing coined the term unique selling proposition USP. There's a lot of different definitions out there for USP.

I don't think that there is one agreed upon, you know formal definition even within the direct response world. The easiest way for you to really understand a unique selling proposition is when you have a unique promise of benefit that your prospect cares about that you can present that your competitors or our competitors are not able to present. So when we are able to promise an outcome a result a transformation or some aspect of that transformation that nobody else that we're competing with is able to offer we have what I would label as a unique selling proposition, right? all of the other definitions in my opinion are really a little bit vague a little bit subjective and are a little bit kind of Wishy-washy the definition that I use for the USP is when you have a promise or benefit statement that you can present that you can attach to your product your service your offer that nobody else that we are competing with can present that is a unique selling proposition. And so look one of the one of the easiest ways to create a campaign right?

It's one of the easiest most efficient ways is when the foundation of that campaign is a different promise from everybody else a more exciting promise a promise that brings an additional benefit payoff transformation result that can only be experienced from our product or service and none of the other competing products or Services. Right? It's very easy when you don't need a unique mechanism, you don't need the education attached to the unique mechanism when you've got a unique promise, right? So a a is there Ability for Oscar present a different promise a better promise. Oh that brings an additional benefit or outcome or result that can't be experienced elsewhere and I want to I'm saying this I'm choosing my words intentionally.

I'm not saying merely that other people are promising you can lose 10 pounds and we're promising 15 pounds or right like you can get 10 leads and we're promising 15 leads a day. That's not what I'm talking about. Right? That's really just an expanded promise. I'm talking when we can promise something that gives an additional benefit and additional result when we when we actually can give the prospect something that they care about that they can't experience or get elsewhere.

That's a unique selling proposition. And so that's what I would label as a different primary promise. And so anybody have anything to add to that or to to ask or to to just throw out there as it relates to a different primary promise. nobody this is the you know, like this is you know oftentimes. Like look, this is the one that is not always there.

Right? And this is the one that you know, like, you know in our in our world in our industry. Um, usually these these unique selling propositions and this is really kind of the case in the majority of Industries. Usually the the different primary promise or the unique selling proposition really only comes about when you've got some sort of disruptive technology, right? So when you've got a disruptive technology, that's when you usually see USPS.

So right now we're seeing with AI and a lot of people talking about AI as it relates to copy and whatnot. You're seeing new promises promises that can be made attached to these AI tools that can't be made for non-ai tools. Right? We saw in let's say and this is the example that I that I use all the time in the ride sharing world when Uber first hit the scene, um Uber had multiple USPS, right? Because they were able to you can hail a ride from your phone, right?

You couldn't do that with Yellow Cabs, right? You didn't have to have cash on you you could see when the driver would arrive they were all these things that there were all these really benefits that could be attached to those new features. Thanks to the technology that you couldn't experience with any other product. We know of course that That as it relates to USPS being attached to disruptive technology that they can very quickly go from being USPS to not being USPS right to just being right. Like when we we saw lift, you know, of course by being able to hail a ride from your phone is no longer a USP for Uber since it's available with you know, with lift and other ride-sharing F being able to see when your driver arrives and all that kind of jazz, right?

Those are no longer USPS or the benefits of those things are no longer USPS because now other people are using the same You know technology or what was once disruptive technology is now just technology you'll see the same thing happen with AI over time where it we're already really seeing it with AI the point is that oftentimes. It's either there or it's not it's not a it's not necessarily a marketing. It's not something that you can identify or that typically is identifiable merely through marketing brainstorming right? It's usually there or it's not and so it's not merely a marketing invention unless you're just willing to lie, right and so everybody everybody get that. Yes.

Yeah, absolutely. Okay. The next one is the one that we talk about, you know, and it's the heart and soul of the E5 method and of course, I believe that it's the most powerful way today to differentiate and that's with a different mechanism. Right? And so that everybody is on the same page.

We know that right any product or service that works to produce a result works for a reason that reason I label as a mechanism, right? So if there's a supplement that helps to bring down blood pressure, right? There's a reason why that supplement Works to bring down blood pressure might be right that the combination of nutrients helps to relax the blood vessels and blah blah blah and that's why it's able to bring down blood pressure right every product or service that works. Right? We has a mechanism and we can identify that mechanism.

The mechanism is just the reason why that product or service is able to produce the prom. Result and so the beauty is that when we are not selling a commodity more often than not right, we can identify a a not only the mechanism but we can identify the unique mechanism. The unique mechanism is you guys know because your pros at this and you've heard me say this, you know, you've probably explained this more times than I have. Actually Michael. Why don't you go ahead and and share.

How would you define what a unique mechanism is? a unique mechanism it's it's basically how you know, I was going to say how your service or your product it gets the job done. How would you what makes it different? But really it's it's sort of it's sort of linked with the actual campaign itself. So I would say the unique mechanism is the unique way that different way that your process delivers on the primary promise.

Yep. That's a great way to that's that certainly part of the definition Teddy. What would you say? Uh, yeah, it's it's the unique formula methodology process like the it's the it's how you make the sausage. Yep.

Yeah. It's right and when we and you're absolutely right and both of those both of those kind of ways of defining the unique mechanism are are correct. Like in this when we say make the sausage right? We're ultimately saying produce the result like so we're if we're promising and I don't care you can take any take right we have fertilizer that is able to grow grass. It's able to grow grass, you know, super fast right?

Well, how does it work? Why does it work? Why is it able to produce that outcome? What is it? What what's in that fertilizer or what?

Is it about that fertilizer the way the fertilizer is created designed that allows it maybe to absorb faster in the soil or that allows it to work without a lot of water or a lot of sunlight right? It's ultimately It's the formula it's the system. It's the process and we're using all these words because these different words apply to different things like the formula of formula might apply to a supplement or it might apply to a fertilizer process May apply to an agency who is producing an outcome who's producing traffic or something like that for for somebody if we're teaching a methodology. It might be a system or it might be a framework depending on how you how you label it. So right different products right would would fall their mechanism would fall under different categories.

It might be a framework. It might be a system. It might be a process. It might be a formulation. Uh, right and ultimately the unique mechanism is how your product or service Works differently from from the the other available mechanisms out there to produce the result that we're promising for people.

So ultimately it is not we're not talking about here when it comes to different mechanism. We're not talking about having a different promise. We're not talking about promising a different result. We're now talking about how our product or service Works differently to produce the results that we are promising and so it's important to understand that with a mechanism. The beauty is with a mechanism.

Is that even when we can't present a different primary promise in other words, even when we don't have a USP right to to differentiate even when we're presenting the same primary promise as others, we can still differentiate by showing that we've got a different and better way to produce that. Result that we are promising write that everybody else is promising. So now we're not competing necessarily in terms of differentiation on the promise the result the transformation. We're now competing on how our product or service Works to produce the result. And the thing here.

Is that right? You got to understand that. Often times. Uh, what what people are looking for is they're looking for the new the different they're not necessarily looking for the new and different promise. They're looking for a new and different way to experience the promise oftentimes.

This is especially powerful when you're when you're operating in markets that are saturated with other offers and people have you know, purchased lots of offers and have an experienced the result right where there are people that are buying a lot of products Services offers, um to try to get the end result and they're still they're still struggling the power in having a unique mechanism or being able to demonstrate your unique mechanism. Our unique mechanism is that it is new and different and as you've heard me say numerous times it gives prospects. Hope meaning that right it leverages this idea. That in their mind that maybe this thing is what I've been missing all along. Maybe this is the one element right?

We know that people, you know, so many people think they right or wrong right wrong or in different people think they're one move away, right? It's one thing this I'm missing there's something I'm missing. There's one thing I'm missing this one thing. I'm lacking right wrong or different whether we agree with that premise or not. That they are missing one thing that that's the power of the unique mechanism because it Taps into that and it gives them this sense of hope that this new and different thing that I've never heard about before that.

I've never been presented with before that. I've never tried before maybe this thing is the missing element in my journey. Maybe this is why the lack of this thing is why I haven't gotten the results before maybe this what this unique mechanism is the reason why my emails don't convert maybe this unique mechanism is the reason why my traffic isn't profitable maybe this unique mechanism is why my engagement is so right missing. This is why my engagement is is so low. Maybe this is why right missing this maybe that's why my aov isn't where it needs to be.

And so we're taking how the product or service Works to produce the result. And we are and we're presenting that as a point of differentiation. And so anybody have anything that they would add to that. any questions This is where I like I spend a lot of time here, right? Like when it comes to products, right?

Like I'm always looking at you know, and and I presented this at at top one some time ago our Mastermind this idea that like look if I have a product a method a system a process a formula whatever it is and There is no different primary promise meaning there is no USP and right I am unable to identify a unique mechanism in there. I'm not promoting it. I'm not gonna I'm not I'm not moving forward with that campaign, right and so often times like Damian and I we have conversations about certain things like, you know, if we could promise XYZ outcome people would love it. Okay. So how would we how would we be able to like, how would we fulfill on that?

What's the what's the framework? What's the system? What's the mechanism and when we can't when I can identify it, right? Like what we don't have a unique mechanism here. Right?

Like we don't have one. I don't move forward with the campaign and so right right off the bat. I'm looking for one of these two points of differentiation. And if I'm lacking in these two points of differentiation, if I don't have at least one of these I don't move forward with the campaign because it's going to make our job our marketing job. So much more difficult.

Yeah, I want to jump in and say something to just kind of from all the work that you and I have been doing is we're kind of building out and launching these things bullets and these campaigns. Is that like what you said about the work? It's so true. Like when you have the right you got to meet mechanism is really truly unique and it's exciting and it's hot obviously it then ties into an offer. It allows you to make a better offer.

It's like everything else becomes so much easier. It's like when you find yourself literally just struggling so hard to Market and persuade it's because it all goes back to like if you don't, you know, obviously it's so rare that you can make you unique promise. So then you get to the mechanism if you don't have a unique mechanism, it's like man, you're just trying to you're trying to you know sell corn to Corn Farmers. Like it's it's so difficult. It's like but if you get that, right if it's like wow, you know lose weight and you'll learn French at the same time.

It's like wow, nobody's saying that all the site it's that it's back to like blue ocean blue ocean like 10 20 years ago. I it's all the sudden you put yourself in a different place. Yeah, well said and you know, and that's the thing. I I think you know, like look I I really think you know, I really believe that and I think that this is this is my thinking here is really evolved a bit over maybe the last 18 months and part of part of this evolution is really due to an evolution and an expansion in our Marketplace, but I think you know so many marketers today. Place this overwhelming amount of emphasis on copy and specific word choice and trying to use call it loaded language for lack of a different phrase and they're they're placing this emphasis on that because they're lacking the underlying differentiation, right?

They're lacking in here and they're lacking in the next bullet that we're gonna we're gonna look at and so it's like look when I say when you take an ordinary idea when you start a campaign with an ordinary idea an ordinary promise and in ordinary mechanism, right the only thing that you have to try to make this product sound great is the words that you use and that's where you end up with this hyperbolic copy because it's it's ultimately like I've said many times before you're you're trying to put lipstick on a pig right when you don't have an extraordinary. Idea, and you don't have an extraordinary mechanism a mechanism. That's not ordinary. Right when you don't have those things. Then what what most marketers end up forced to try to do is to make their products sound extraordinary merely in word choice and phraseology.

Right? And they're relying on that that copy like they're they're you know, you can see you can feel it in the copy. You can almost feel from that copy that it's very superficial. There's no substance to the message, right? There's no explanation.

There's no education. There's no true point of differentiation. There is a lot of words phrases sentences and paragraphs that are designed to try to make it sound great and that is brutally difficult and I think that I believe that today in competitive and saturated marketplaces that type of copy and that type of approach just doesn't produce the results the same way that it used to right because there are right You're not you're not Marketing in a vacuum your marketing against other messages other angles other mechanisms other promises that people are hearing every day. And so I immediately go to right like what is the point of differentiation and I'm looking for is there a different promise that we can make a promise that's going to drive the market wild because nobody else has been able to make this promise and the market is it would love it. If somebody could make this promise if the answer is no right then ultimately, I'm gonna look to a unique mechanism and sometimes right like I want you to understand this.

Sometimes I've got a I've got an approach. I've got a method I've got a system and now I'm going to look within that system to identify the unique mechanism other times. I'm going to start with right. I'm gonna I'm gonna brainstorm mechanisms like based on the other mechanisms out there. What kind of mechanism would drive the market wild right and could we fulfill on that and could we build that out?

Could we write and then and then take the the promise attached to that? So right I'm I'm constantly and I'm constantly keeping my eye out for the things that we do that where I'm like, wow that that is a unique mechanism because that is a wildly different approach than what most people take to to there to to what it is that they're doing right even Damian the the idea of the bullet campaigns, right this a bullet campaign is a different mechanism. It's a different mechanism. It's a different way of producing the result. And so there is that the next bullet is or the next point of differentiation is is a different idea a different angle a different hook, right?

And so and this is one of those things where often times I'm looking for. I'm looking for one of the first two right and even with let's say a different mechanism then I'll look for a different idea a different angle a different hook to bring the message to the market. I'm looking for a way to be able to say something to the market a different angle a different story a different a different perspective a different a different story line or plot line a different narrative that I can tell that I can tell the market and so, um To get their attention rather than we're gonna take this different thing and we're gonna present it the same way that everybody else is it is presenting it and so right we could talk a lot about this. This is really where the big idea, you know falls under this, um category or this point of differentiation, but I'm constantly looking for right what's the different thing that I can say to the market that the Market's gonna see us fresh unique different right? That's not the same old approach or the same old message or storyline to the marketplace.

And so anybody have anything to add to that or anybody want to share anything as it relates to that? Um, if you couldn't find a unique mechanism, would you move on to looking for a different idea angle or hook? So that's a great question. So in other words if I couldn't find a like if I if we didn't have a USP or a different primary promise and we didn't have a different mechanism would I would well and so I want to be careful here because I don't want to discourage anybody but I'm gonna answer the question and the question is no I would not move on like I would not just try to find a different idea in a different a different angle in a different hook because from my perspective what is ultimately gonna happen is we're gonna we're gonna come up with a different idea different angle and a different hook and I and I believe that you can Anybody can come up with a different idea different angle different Hawk, right? You have to as long as you're willing to invest the time energy and effort to do that.

I believe that anybody can uncover it right, you might it might take time for new marketers to become more more skilled more comfortable doing that but I believe that different ideas angles hooks are there's an infinite number out there. But what I believe is that we would have a different angle different book and we would get attention and we would potentially maybe creating engagement at the beginning of that campaign and then I believe that it would fall flat because when it comes time to prove what separates ultimately the thing that I'm talking about and how it works to deliver the promise or the promise that it fulfills for you now, I'm gonna have more of the same so it's and I you know, I I come across these campaigns where like there's some idea presented in the in the headline communicated in the headline, and I'm I'm wildly interested because it's Different than anything I've heard and then all of a sudden it gets to the body and it's like, you know, it's it's oh it's that that's what they're talking about. What but Todd what about you know to Michael's point so you can't make a unique promise. You can't you don't have unique mechanism. You don't feel like in you know, I won't kind of tip our hands to some of the ideas that we're working on elsewhere, but like you can't just do it by disrupting the the market with the type of offer meaning that like, you know, if you were if you were in the car everybody leases a car, but I say hey, you know, you could do some other kind of lease where you only pay on the days you drive it, you know like Yes, the answer is yes, right.

So if you have a wildly different offer if let's say You know everybody in the marketplace is rolling with a hard offer and you come out with a soft offer or you know, your offer is involves, you know. Doing it with them and everybody else's guarantee like over the top guarantee. Right? Well all of that. I mean a guarantee or you know, as part of the is part of the offer the answer is yes, right.

If you if you ultimately come up with a a far better Superior offer a different suit and Superior offer to everybody else. I would all I would really go as far as to say I would be looking for a disruptive offer. Right? So rather than in right we've had these conversations and we've been on brainstorming meetings before like it's not just like I wouldn't be looking for an incremental Improvement on the offer. I would be looking for a disruptive offer.

So I'd be looking for what is the marketplace a custom to in terms of offers and how can we really disrupt that by changing up the offer by making it again going from hard offer to a soft? For plus, you know lifetime guarantee plus XYZ like I would take all of the the elements of a sin offer and I would really look for how can we disrupt that? Yeah, but it's not the offer right like because it could be it could be like the business model. Like let's say let's say I want to build an Infusionsoft or CRM company, right and and the business model was you don't pay at all to use the platform, but I can mail to all your I can mail offers to all your contacts. Let's say right?

Yeah. Well, that's really though. Hang on a second. So look make sure that I understand. So what you said is really the offer.

Okay, right like that's really the offer but you started where I thought you were going. Right? So if we said like look you don't even pay for the don't you don't pay for the the you know, you don't pay for the platform at. All, right, you can send unlimited emails. There's no charge for blah blah, whatever like right?

Well right off the bat. That's an offer that you're presenting. You're presenting. Right? Like that's part of the offer that you are presenting.

Um, and we can mail to your leads or whatnot. That's that's your you're talking you're describing the offer there. But let's say God sure. Of course, I love it. Could you say like That actually you could you could extend that into a different promise.

Like if I said, hey, finally a CRM that not only doesn't cost big bucks it pays you to use it. Right. Sure. Yes, now now I've changed it from the offer to the actual right to promise changing. But now you've got two now you've got let's say because of the offer now you can make a different primary promise.

So you could legitimately say that if you were willing to let say change the offer and ultimately I know Teddy would like, you know, you're you're changing the business model around your business model as the vendor so that you can present a different offer and then that different offer now also allows you to present a different primary promise ultimately that change in business model which allows you to make that offer now gives you a USP in it based on what it is that you said like that you can use you don't pay for the CRM and it pays you or something like that. Cool. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah.

I didn't even see that part. So yeah the other thing where where I thought you were going and what you said was lot smarter and more sophisticated than what I thought you were gonna say. Um, but let's say you were presenting a different business model all together. Like for let's say you when you were marketing to people that want to have a successful agency and what you were ultimately bringing to the market is a different business model for them to use to be successful in an agency. What point of differentiation would that be mechanism, correct?

Right, right. So that would be a different mechanism because it's a different way to experience the end result. Right? And so that's another great example of like right when you see the end and I see these all the time the guy, you know the become, you know, become a digital sign spinner for other businesses. That's a great example of a mechanism.

That's like an awesome mechanism, right? It's a way to get Paid by by other businesses a way to have an agency or however you want to label it. Right, but it's a different way to experience the result that they that they want. That's like to me. I love that.

I love those that right. It's a different. It's a different model to different all that falls under mechanism. The next one um is I really only talked about this I've talked about this a few times on training calls. I talked about this pretty extensively in the A to Z copywriting workshop and that is different wording and phrasiology.

And this is something that I always look to utilize in our in campaigns. So regardless of we could have a different angle hook different mechanism. I will still look for different wording and crazy and what I mean by that is really just that I I don't want to say the same thing that everybody else says and I mean that on a kind of word and phraseology levels, excuse me, so I'm looking for different ways to communicate the same underlying idea different ways different from competitors. So I don't want to use the same phrase to describe the promise if I can I want to Something different because wording and phrasiology impacts differentiation like it can make it feel like we're not the same if we're saying the same thing and using the same words and phrasiology is everybody else is using right. Then there's a level that feels like this is more of the same.

Like I I've heard similar stuff to this before right and so you lose a bit of the differentiated feel that you gain from the mechanism and the the idea angle or hook if you're simply using the same word choice. So I love to use a thesaurus. I'm not looking for words. Of course, I'm looking for words that people know right that people will immediately understand I'm not looking for these big long words, but I am looking for different a different way to communicate the same underlying idea the same underlying theme the same underlying benefits the same underlying promises. And so does that make sense?

Have any questions about that or anything that you would add to that? No, no. Okay. Um, and and so this is also you know, like look. This is also this carries over of course to verb choice right like to to the verbs that we use but right um, I just don't want it to feel the same.

I wanted to feel different from a macro level to a micro level right from a macro level to a micro level. I want differentiation. And so I want them to say like I want them to feel and to see right from beginning to end. This is different. It feels different and it sounds different right from beginning to end.

So I don't want to just rely on unique mechanism. You need cooking angle. And then what we say sounds very similar to everybody else. So this is where right this is another reason why you've got to keep your finger on the pulse of the market you've got to continue to to pay attention to what competitors are saying to what words and phrases and statements. The market is starting to hear all over the place right again, right like look often times you could pick Out in an ad in a piece of copy a couple of phrases and immediately just feel like from those couple of phrases.

Like I've heard this before like this is more of the same. And so I'm looking for micro down to a macro. Excuse me down to micro the last one that I just want to talk about. Excuse me. Is formatting and really what I mean here by by formatting like look first of all, you know, I think on on a simple level, you know.

I think that it's important to understand what and and be keep your finger on the pulse of the market to regularly. Pay attention to the page formatting that becomes commonplace. So there was a point in time where Russell phenomenal, you know Brunson phenomenal webinar marketer, he had the three secrets, you know, like the the three it was the headline and then, you know, like three secrets and the the webinar page it, you know, everybody started to use the same format. Well what happens is over time specialisticated people in the marketplace the people that are really Avid students of offers in the marketplace they begin to see that all over and then they know exactly what you're doing and exactly what's coming right they know exactly what you're doing and exactly what's coming. We saw this happen with um product launches years ago when it when the the industry moved at the guidance of of our buddy, Jeff Walker brilliant marketer move.

To the four videos in the series and you would go to a page and you would see video one is unlocked video two coming soon video three coming soon video four coming soon eventually everybody. I know exactly what this is and I know exactly what's coming and I know exactly what's about to happen. Certainly not everybody in the marketplace, but the more sophisticated a prospects and buyers in the marketplace they began to see it all over and then they know exactly what's gonna happen. This is why I've said before and we've leveraged this, um, a handful of times. I've said Damian has heard me say this that That you want to show up differently you want to show up differently so when you know whenever and and I don't mean this like look, you know oftentimes in in the majority of our campaigns, we're not showing up differently, right?

We've got dsls we've got long form sales letters. They don't you know, they don't look all that different from the other stuff that we've done. But when we're looking to do a a big campaign when we want something that's gonna produce multiple's of our our Evergreen campaigns. I always think how do we show up differently? How do we show up differently?

So the the first campaign that pops into my mind was the the Agora copy School promotion, right? And that's just a great example of what I said was wow. This is this is what this was. What went on in my mind. I said.

Wow, this is this is big the marketplace right the marketplace. To go wild over this. I believe that right but I I don't want to merely take this thing. That is big this Monumental opportunity and I don't want to show up in the same format the same way as I would with any other product or service. I don't want to just have a vsl because then immediately it's like well how special could this be if it's more of the same was was my thinking.

So I said I want to do a completely different format. I want to I want to show up differently. How can I show up differently? I want to tell a story. What's it different way that I can tell a story.

I can tell a first person story of me going out to Baltimore and spending the day. You know, what I could also do I could do it over the course of seven days and mix in media. So I'll have text I'll have some pictures I'll have some video and I'll have some audio make it a totally different experience a totally different format show up completely different from whatever so that when people see the formatting itself, they immediately see something different, right? So then we had right and we had other elements on there other points of differentiation in that campaign. And and so anytime I I want to do a bigger campaign.

I always think right how can we show up differently? We've got something planned. Later in 2023, which I won't get into right now. But Damian is already heard me say like I don't want to I don't want to do it the same way other people would do it or the same way. We've done it in the past.

I want to do something different because this is big and so I want to show up differently. And so you take these things, right? You take these things here, you can see like look I didn't say on here come up with a different copy framework or a different copy structure or right or have less paragraphs or have more power grass, right? I start with the foundation the foundational stuff, right? And when you have these things it makes the marketing like it makes it just so much easier to stand out to get attention to creating engagement rather than having to rely on hyperbolic language.

And yeah, I want to jump into just kind of point something out to me because it's something that You know you've taught about so much that it's got my wheel spinning. So just about how like you always talk about look man. If you have a weak message a bad message, right? It's kind of like if you write up a crummy book The Answer isn't you know, put it into an ebook put it into an audiobook turn it into a car. It's a bad, you know bad message weak message non persuasive argument.

It's not gonna work. But at the same time just to make sure that it's it's clear for everybody. Listen it there's no contradiction that sometimes right when you say hey show up differently that's in addition. To having a fundamentally foundationally sound argument and offer. Oh for sure spot on absolutely just like that's what some people go.

Oh that that that's why my house right man. I just gotta take my crummy non-logical weak argument and whip it up and delivered in this funky, you know, anime virtual text message and boom. It's gonna convert like wildfire. Yeah. I think that that's a great Point Damian that you know, that's why like look at the beginning of this training session I said, right like these are five points of differentiation that I kind of go to that.

I think about that I consider right? I didn't say like that these missing these could be the reason why a campaign isn't performing or any one of these can fix a broken campaign. And so you're absolutely right right. I'm not saying in any way shape or form that, you know pick the pick different formatting and that's all you need. And you're gonna you're gonna hit Run, you're absolutely right.

Like, you know when people like look the idea that you know, you are, you know, nobody listens to your audio based podcast. And so the answer is for you now to do it via video and right and now all of a sudden because you're on camera you're gonna be wildly engaging and and you're gonna be a charismatic character doesn't work that way. Like it doesn't work that way. And so but for me when it comes to right like it should be just all of our campaigns, right? I always the message is always nailed, right?

The message is always now that when where you know, when we're introducing unique mechanism, there's always an argument right but these are the points of differentiation that I I look for the first two I'm gonna choose right when if I can't choose the first one if we don't have the luxury of the first one I'm gonna look for a unique mechanism, right? And then I'm gonna look for in addition to that a different idea Ang. Hook to bring to the market and then of course, I'm going to look for how can I change up the wording and phraseology? So it doesn't sound more like more of the same and then when I'm like look when I am looking for something big, right and this isn't like look if if every time you do something you use different formatting. Um, you you it's almost you you lose the impact of what I'm trying to say here for awesome trying to say that for us right?

I know that our people get accustomed to vsls to long form sales letters when I want to do something big well campaign that not your typical Evergreen campaign. That's when I will think about is there an opportunity for us to incorporate some different formatting in here so that the formatting itself also conveys differentiation on top of these other things. Yeah, the form the formatting one's an interesting one and it's probably not for this call, but maybe maybe for a future one. It'd be interesting because like what's coming up for me is you know, like I think of Amazon right and how much Emma how much product Amazon sells and everybody's got the exact same layout and there's there's a comfortability with the Amazon check out process and you know, I button is every time right and and it's just interesting to think about like how many products are actually sold. On Amazon with out any without a sales letter without a Visa.

Right? No, the differentiation might be in the bullets but they're all using the same kind of layout and and still there is so just interesting like when you think about it like yeah is from our market in terms of information. Yeah, you know that that is really such a you know, interesting point, you know, I think and I'll throw this out here out there and then we'll end because we're a little bit over time but you know, this is where and it's a great point, right and you're you're right, you know, like look there's there's definitely a comfort level with you know with um with with Amazon. Um, even for myself like right, I'd pay more to buy something from Amazon then I would a solo vendor just because I trust that it's gonna arrive it's gonna arrive quicker if I have any problems. I've got, you know immediate access.

Um, you know, I can see it in my Amazon thing blah blah. There's some level of whether it's true or not. Like I trust that if it's on On Amazon is done some sort of due diligence, which is probably not the case. But the interesting thing too though is, you know, there are so many. So many nuances and complexities to marketing that this is why like sometimes it may sound like you've heard me say something you guys that have you know, we've been on these calls for however long now at this point, you've heard me say something in one context and you've heard me say something else in another context and it almost seems contradictory or it does seem it does come across this contradictory often.

That's because it there are nuances like how aware is somebody of the product of when when somebody goes over to Amazon, right? And they type in a particular product, right? Like you're you don't need the same level of messaging the same type of messaging when somebody is already at an extremely high level of awareness. You're now borrowing from The credibility of the Amazon Marketplace and the um, and the reviews right? Like now somebody is really they already know.

Type of product that they want and now they're just deciding between which option they should they should go with that's very different. It's a very different buying process and a very different psychological process from the individual who is let's say unaware right or is only problem aware. Um, and they're not buying a tangible physical product. They're buying an outcome, right? You can't you can't just apply the same marketing approach to both of those instances because it's a wildly different experience.

And so does that make sense and what and what's interesting about we said about because like literally I just bought like, you know top of the line Robot vacuum thing for my wife for Christmas and like the shopping didn't really happen on Amazon the purchase happen on Amazon, but the shopping happened on review sites and you like robot or videos, you know, stuff like that. Yeah, that's that's Sting too, right? Like I know that I've done, you know, whenever I when I come across let's say a product that I want for the kids or for my wife somewhere on the on the web. One of the very first things that I do once I've decided like this is probably this would I think they'd love this is I go to Amazon and see if it's on Amazon like immediately just go over to Amazon and then end up doing like what you said where I'm buying it. I'm completing the transaction on on Amazon, you know, that is again that that's why understanding the awareness level of who you are talking to is so important because the the approach that we use with marketing and message construction is wildly different right?

So it's it's almost you could almost say that it's like apples and oranges when you're comparing marketing marketing and selling a product to somebody who is at the higher levels of awareness who already knows the type of product that they want and now they're comparing options versus somebody that is unaware certainly unaware or even Problem aware and they're not even sure yet of the solutions, you know for what it's worth with the exception of books. Okay with the exception of books. I've never stumbled across a product on Amazon me personally. I've never stumbled across a product on Amazon and just on a whim decided to buy it. Like so usually I'm searching for something that I already know I want and now I'm looking at the different options that's high level of awareness.

It's not it's not the same as marketing to a lower level of awareness and so right and there are so many there are just so many nuances in there and that's why it's you know without turning this into a commercial right? That's why it's so important to get the right guidance to have the right understanding of your Marketplace of the general level of awareness in the marketplace. Oh who within the marketplace the levels of awareness. We are talking to what do they know? What don't they know?

All of those things have to be taken into consideration before we craft the marketing message because we can you can craft a wildly compelling marketing message that's ultimately designed for let's say the high level high levels of awareness and you could roll it out to the low level low level of awareness and bomb. Right. It does it right. It doesn't mean that that's that that's a bad marketing message. It could mean that that's the marketing message.

That's not appropriate for the lower level of awareness only appropriate for the higher level. And if you target the higher level it would convert if you use it to Target the lower level. It wouldn't convert. You know what I'm saying? That makes sense.

And so there you go. Right? I think the overall thing that I just want to leave you guys with is right. I'm always looking for differentiation. I'm always looking for how we can make this sound feel look different how we can offer something different whether it be and we really could add what Damian said early what Damian and Teddy said earlier about the offer like if you can have you know, my gosh if you can have a different primary promise introduce it with, you know, introduce it with some different wording and and phraseology and then have a a wildly different offer in there.

Like it makes the job of marketing so much easier, but when you've got no point of differentiation or that point of differentiation is really is so thin meaning it's like you the only thing that you've done is you giving you given a whole name to the way that your product works, but once you get past that thin veil of that Cool name and now you have to explain how it works and why it's Superior the whole thing falls apart. You really can't like it makes the job of marketing so much more difficult and let's be real right that writing great copy that is wildly captivating is one of the most difficult aspects of marketing and so it just makes it much easier to have wildly compelling copy without having to be hyperbolic when you've got multiple points of differentiation. cool All right. That's all she wrote for today. You guys are out of here.

I will see you next week Michael. Keep your eye out in a minute and we'll jump on. Thank you guys. Talk to you next week. alright
