---
title: "cc_2023-01-17"
date: 2023-01-17
duration: 44m
duration_seconds: 2692
vimeo_id: 790149412
folder: "2023 Copy Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-01-17

**Date:** 2023-01-17 | **Duration:** 44m | **Folder:** 2023 Copy Calls

---

All right. So today what we're gonna do we're gonna look at a landing page from one of our clients. We're gonna look at the opt-in page or the registration page in the campaign. It's really it's an opt-in page that then goes to the recording of a live presentation like a live like a webinar but on camera webinar and so it's really, you know, it's it's an evergreen on demand webinar and we're gonna look at the The registration page the opt-in page. I'm going to show you the before um page and then I'm gonna show you the changes the edits that I made to the copy before we get into the edits.

I want to spend the bulk of our time and maybe fairly quick Teddy because since it's just you and I today for right now talking about the issues with the current page. So we're gonna bring up the current page we're gonna talk about the issues really want to hear from you kind of your Insight your feedback what you think um, is is Off the Mark with it? Maybe what you think is not strong enough what you think needs to be fixed and tweaked. Um, I'll talk about my what I saw when I looked at the page and then we'll spend the last handful of minutes. Going over the edits that I made and then I'll explain why I made the changes.

So with that, let me share my screen. And let's look at this and so okay. So let's take a look at the current registration page. So this is the current registration page. Uh, there was nothing I I think if I'm not mistaken, there was a web form right below or maybe there was a button right below the bottom.

That was it. So this is the this is the the current registration page. So to give a little context. This is for one of our clients in top one a great dude, Rick Barker been around the music business for many many years now been around the marketing World for for many many years and he works with musicians he works with I guess Indie musicians and ultimately helping them to get their music found get raving fans and followers and then ultimately monetize those fans and and followers and so that's what the presentation Uh, that's what the presentation really encapsulates. So on the on the on-demand webinar, that's kind of what he covers.

That's ultimately where he's leading people to to ultimately want his help his guidance through his training to again get their music found get their downloads get raving fans and then ultimately monetize those those raving fans. So with that and Teddy this is kind of right up your alley as a as a music buff and a dude who you know, who is obviously a music fan and goes to concerts. So, so let's just look at the page and just give me your you know, give me some give me your first impressions. I gave you the context of what the of what the webinar presentation is about this is the This is the opt-in page for it. So yeah.

All right, so we'll leave design and formatting aside for for the moment just do the copy. So to the eyebrow upcoming live training with Rick Barker starting in so, you know that only matters if I know who Rick Barker is it's certainly not calling calling me out. And yeah, it's Like so that should be calling out who this is for not who he is his bio and stuff should be later on down the page. Um, so two things. So before you continue right spot on to two great things right just as a reminder for us right that first and foremost, right like unless they know who Rick Barker is then it's of no value.

It reminds me in a lot of ways of when folks put their their logo at the top of the page taking up valuable real estate above the fold and unless it's a back end offer and there's a relationship with you and that logo means something to to folks or it's a well-known brand right? It's a waste so just having Rick Barker there unless they know who Rick is um is of is of no value. The other thing is let's just go on the Assumption for one second that they don't know who Rick Barker is so what's if he really wanted to go with that eyebrow for whatever reason right? There's also there's no credibility. Building element to who Rick Barker is so there is a way and you'll see a little bit of this in the in the in the rewrite that I did for Rick but there is a way to make it valuable to people but right now it's it's missing any sort of credibility element and if folks don't know who Rick is right, it means nothing.

The other thing is right like you you nailed it what you said the second thing was that who is this for? Right and so like, who is this for? How do I know that? This is for me and so two points that you made that I just wanted to really flesh out spot on keep going Teddy. And and so the countdown doesn't really need to be there either.

Like I haven't told me what this is about yet. So to have to have urgency at the top of the page like that doesn't doesn't help should be down near the date or the opt-in form, whatever but sorry Point like hey, even I'm let me just jump in another great point right like this is one of those things where this is also why um order and placement matters with things right? This isn't to say that there's no value in creating urgency, but you have to create urgency at the right time in the process. Right? And so if the placement and flow and order in the in the persuasion process matters, it's also it's very similar to um, when I've talked about, you know, testimonials in the right place in right place throughout the sales that are at the right points serves as proof evidence support for the claims that we're just made but you can also take those.

Millennials and just put them anywhere, you know and and everywhere and then they lose the value and impact the intention the the aim of using them, right if all we do if we took for example just a bunch of testimonials and we just put them right at the top right above where it says upcoming live training. Well who cares? What's the context? It loses the the value and so again spot on with the countdown? Potentially the wrong urgency too like, you know, like like I get it it's a dated event.

So happening a certain date, but The the better urgency might be a limited amount of seats and you know. Great Point. Yeah great point. But yeah, so the biggest problems obviously the headline like I have no idea what that means. There's no benefit in it.

There's no like it's just not it's not clear in that one sentence. Yeah, what kind of tools what is what is To make sure what's like if I didn't read the subhead above it, like gets tools needed to make sure it's yours. What's mine, right. What what do I want? Why why is that important?

So as usual, it's probably it's probably down in the body of copy somewhere. There's also great great point right? Like let's just again your your nail in it. You're you're rocking the house here. And so, you know, you're right.

I I think number one to start with the first thing that you said, right and right the way that it's written the the structure of the of the sentence if you will and the headline it's kind of confusing. It doesn't it doesn't have flow your unsure of what is he? What's he trying to say? I mean, look what he's ultimately trying to say is that, you know, people music fans are discovering music every day. And here's your chance to get the the tools that you need to make sure it's your music that's being discovered every Like that's ultimately what he's trying to convey here.

But I think that you're spot on in that it's it doesn't flow. It's not it's not nearly as clear as it could be. Um, the other thing that I think is um is important to point out here is I don't think that the use of the word tools is the right word to use because I'm not sure then is he is he going to now show me a piece of software? Is he going to like is he going to give me a resource like a tool to you or is he going to show me what to do? And so I think that the use of the word tools makes it that much less clear what it is that he is ultimately trying to to to talk about the other thing is I don't like and we've talked about this before I don't like how the the pre-head new music is being discovered every day.

I Like how the pre-head is worded because it kind of it feels like third party. It doesn't it doesn't feel like we're talking about the prospect right now. We're talking about new music right rather than your music right or your music being discovered or get your music discovered or something along those lines. And so the new music is being discovered every day. We're now talking about this third party thing and as always I like to keep the copy focused on the on the prospect.

So I think that you're you're again, you're spot on. Yeah, and and like I said, you know and this is this is so funny. I know you've seen this a thousand times as I have and so it's just the lesson for everyone and I mentioned in a minute ago, like I hadn't I hadn't read the body copy, but inevitably the right headline is buried in the body copy and it is it's the last sentence right? So if the headline was, you know, Taylor Swift's former manager shares with the tools and strategies that he's been using to help thousands of any artists just like you build a real music business and reach their Highest Potential. Like that's it right there.

It's just barely. Yeah, that's such a great point. And I I think you're you're you're great at that like you're good at that and you've done that numerous times with me personally. Um, we're looking at even pages that that I've done or other critiques right seeing that sometimes the best headline is buried. I think it's it's it's interesting.

I mean we certainly could talk about why I you know why this tends to happen, but you know, it really be it's really more speculation, but I think that what happens is when people when marketers An entrepreneurs get to the the headline and the kind of the initial copy. They're in this copy mode and it right like they're in copy mode. They're trying to write copy. They're trying to keep it tight and pithy or you know, they're trying to have this formatting and it's not until a little bit into the body copy where they loosen up and then they they kind of you know, they they get real with it. They get clear with it and I think that you're you're absolutely right.

I mean that last sentence I'd like to share with you the tools and strategies that I've been using to help thousands of India artists just like yourself build a real music business and reach their Highest Potential. That's great. Right and I think oftentimes like look, I think I so your your spot on Teddy. I think you know oftentimes folks will you know, it's all it's a fairly long sentence to say the least. Um, and I think that what you know, people will immediately marketers will immediately see that kind of long sentence and say, you know, well that can't be a headline.

It's too long and they'll then come up with some other, you know, whizbang headline. That's a lot shorter but often times The Whiz bang headline that's a lot shorter is unclear. It's not as it's not as simple it's not as direct. It's not as clear as the longer and so if I had to choose between the two I go with the longer headline that's crystal clear and what it is that I'm trying to convey compared to the you know, the the 10 word or 12 word headline. That most people shoot for that being said, what I would do is and I've said this many times before just say what you want to say write it out like get it out.

Get it out of your head get it down on paper into your into your document. Say it in the clearest simplest way possible say it get it down. Then if it's two verbose then we can work on is there a way to to say this with less words? Is there a way to convey with the same Clarity and the same impact the same idea just in a tighter way. Can we replace two words with one word?

Right. Can we chop out? Can we leave out certain words but start with the thing that you ultimately want to say the thing that these folks need to hear the thing that's gonna ring true with them the thing that's going to make them say like okay I get it. I understand what this is all about. Like it sounds great if we if we try to force prospects to figure out what the heck Talking about they're gone, man.

They're gone. They're not gonna work to figure out what we mean, right? They're not going to work hard to figure out what we what we mean. And so I think you're you're spot on how about let's go back up to the um to the top of the body copy and so to be successful with your music, you need three things in my in my opinion. And so and then let's talk about the the bullets the one one two, three.

So first before we do that, I'm gonna go back to you teddy to kind of share your your take on the on the bullets here, you know, I would never say um, first of all to be successful with your music, right? What does that mean? Right. So I I would I would much I would much rather see something specific there like specific because what does it mean to be successful with your music? Does it mean you're on tour?

Does it mean you're a bestselling artist? Does it mean you have a recording contract? Does it mean you're wildly popular online? Does it mean you're a full-time musician? Right?

It was you know, who's getting paid? Well, does it mean you have thousands of Raving fans? Does it mean you have the number one record or you know number one track or whatever it is. Does it mean that you've got a million downloads on you know on on Spotify. What does that mean?

And so right there's a lot of different things that that could mean. The other thing is, um, I would never say in my opinion. In my opinion because it feels especially for somebody like Rick who's got so much credibility so much experience so much Cloud that it feels very wishy-washing. It's almost like saying right that there are a lot of different ways a lot of different viewpoints a lot of different, um pads that you could take I'm just gonna share with you my opinion. What we want is an expert to say like from you know, working with thousands of musicians are helping thousands of musicians go, you know, make you know go full-time.

I've discovered these three core tenants of being you know of achieving that kind of success or whatever as a musician like definitive and so anything that you would add to that Teddy. now I I agree with that the in my opinion kind of kind of bothered bothered me as well and And again without the establishing of The credibility on the page anywhere before that. It's like well, why do I care about your opinion? Like, who are you what and why should I care about your opinion to some degree? Well said, that's great.

Right like again his opinion only matters in the context of who he is his experiences knowledge right who he's worked with all that kind of stuff. And so you're absolutely right. And so how about the um, the first the first number one. So, yeah, so it's fun, you know, it's funny because you know, I remember when I first started doing what I do like that my my business card was, you know, your website sucks on the front and on the back at the back and said that converting visitors and the customers and Prospects. But so so that angle can work, but the it's actually the the part.

Well, first of all, I'm not real bullets in terms of they're not benefit statements and they're negative. But but the sentence after Must be competitive with the biggest stars in your genre. Like that's intimidating. Like that's what do you mean like? Well, I don't have a chance then if I got to compete with whoever you know, Taylor Swift Ed Sheeran or whoever.

Um, so that doesn't get me too excited. That actually scares me. Yeah. I think that that's a that's a great point and and let me just say this that you know, like the, you know, your website sucks and then on the back at converting visitors, I think that that's great. I think that that's great because it's an attention grabber, right but it's also what's important is context right that what we're talking about is let's say is a business card what Rick has here is a landing page a registration page for somebody to request access to the to the workshop.

And so remember the whole aim like The whole aim of this page is to build value around what somebody is going to hear on the next page the whole aim of this is to build value around what we're offering them. Remember this is an offer right? This is an offer. I say this to you know to or to our clients and students all the time that you've got to understand that a lead magnet if you will or if you know a free a webinar that's an offer just because there's no exchange of money doesn't mean it's not an offer right you could say that you could look at well, what are the deliverables? What are the benefits?

What's the price zero terms you pay nothing. Right like you could go through the same the same elements in any offer. This is an offer you're asking for an exchange you're asking for something from them and there's something that they get in return and so just like any other offer this page again. This page is a dedicated page for the offer. Of the free webinar and so the aim of this page is to build value around what it is that they're gonna get on the on the next page and just like any or in the offer and just like any other offer right?

We're gonna take out the stuff that doesn't further the sale that doesn't move somebody one step closer to to to taking advantage of the offer and so for me I look at this guy. No, I just can say like I actually I actually want to s*** like I want to shift the perspective of people's minds on this call in terms of like, you know, a landing page and like exactly what you said, right? Everybody thinks just their email address. No, it's not their email address. This is the most expensive offer you can make because you're taking up their time whether it's read it whether it's to attend a webinar like time is the most expensive thing you have and like that's the sale you gotta make and everybody takes it for granted.

Yeah, just an email address. No, it's not what they're up in it. Yeah. Well said, And I don't think that we can say that enough to people right it never ceases to amaze me. I mean we see some, you know new students that come in to our world.

Right and they'll they have an opt-in page registration page whatever and sometimes it's like 10% or 12% right like 90% 88% of the people hitting that page are aren't even willing to give their email address for a free piece of information. Right? So it goes back to that never underestimate the task at hand just because something is free from a monetary perspective doesn't mean that it doesn't have to be sold. It doesn't mean that you don't have to build value. You've got to treat it the same way that you would treat any other offer really do if you take that philosophy.

I believe this wholeheartedly if you take that philosophy what I just said of treating any time you have an offer whether it is a lead magnet, you know. A free giveaway thing whether it's certainly a core offer a bump offer an upsell. You want to treat it with the respect that it that it warrants and realize like that it you're not like realize what It ultimately takes to get somebody to respond. And so he this is an offer and so we're selling people on the value of the free content that we're about to give them. This is imagine that we were selling this right imagine that we're selling this and so you've got to build value around the thing that they're going to get in exchange for their email and that's why I'll say that you know, there are often two things to Stakes make on On landing page there are more than two.

But often there there are these two are made one is what we just talked about. They don't take it. They they don't view it in the right light. They think it's a freebie. It's a giveaway who's not gonna want it.

I'm gonna put it up there and people are gonna opt in in droves and it just doesn't work. That way. We know that we've seen that from from numbers. Um, and the the other thing is that they often have extraneous content extra content on there that is not serving the purpose of building value around the thing being offered and I would just say here that your music cannot suck right you must be competitive with the biggest stars in your genre. They want the same attention for potential fans that you do like that.

I don't see or understand the value of having that on this page that could be something that if Rick needs to cover he could cover it in the in the webinar explaining At in some form or fashion, but it it doesn't serve any purpose. It doesn't make somebody doesn't read that and then say wow this I need this. I want this stating office like who obviously obviously my music, right? Right, right. Um, and it's also you know, and and we my gosh we could just spend a lot of a ton of time on that.

It's also um, it's a subjective statement. And so what does that mean? Like what do you mean your music cannot suck? I guess it's right. I mean to me at least I would say it that's purely subjective because there's music that you like that.

I'm sure I don't and there's music. I like that. I'm sure you don't right and that's so it's it's purely subjective. Um, and and so your music has to be discovered by true music fans with over a hundred thousand new songs uploaded daily according to Spotify. How is yours Gonna Stand Out and how are you going to know who actually listen to your music to me?

Right the the this could very easily be turned into a benefit like of what you're gonna get like on the video. I'm gonna show you how to make your music stand out get found amongst the 100,000 new songs uploaded every day so that you get new fans you get new listeners every day like something like that turn it into a benefit of what they're about to discover and how about Let's I just I would say that on that one. Yeah, I felt the same way as like yeah a don't ask it's workable questions and be if you're asking me then what do I need you? Right? You're right.

You're right. Um, you're right and so over here, you must have systems and processes in place to find those fans engage those fans and build relationships with those fans. No one has to pay to listen to music. The money is in the relationship you build with your fans. And so see this right here so systems and processes scare.

It scares the bejesus out of entrepreneurs. I hear systems and processes and immediately. I'm like, you know, my butt cheeks tighten up. You know what I mean? I'm like, oh gosh like this.

I don't know the last thing I want our systems and processes and he's you know, Pulling back the curtain too much like he's revealing too much right play fine fans engage those fans build relationships with fans. Like you're you know, this is too early to be getting into content and teaching right? It's all it's context don't teach on this page tease and benefit right? What you stand to gain not don't don't teach don't reveal too much don't pull back the curtain don't do anything to scare folks don't do anything to to make folks start to think don't Appeal on this page to the intellectual side and go down that keep it right tease benefits make it exciting build value around what it is that they're um about to get well and be careful and I think you mentioned on a different call in the past like but be careful about absolute statements too. Like like no one has to pay to listen to music.

Well not honey. We all pay for Spotify, right? Yeah. That's a great point on YouTube and watch the video but like so, you know the minute you trigger something like that. I against disagree with there's conflict great Point really great point.

And so then he says the good news is that I can help with two and three your music that's on you. Your music that's on you. Um, I also I don't like and this might be nitpicky but I don't like I can help with two and three, right you'd be much better off showing saying like I'm gonna show you, um how to take care of two and three I'm gonna give you you know, I'm gonna show you, you know, give you the steps to take care. I'm gonna show, you know, like two and three will be taking care of for you, but I just don't like I can help with it feels a little wishy-washy. Um, but when you get the music right get it discovered by the right people and take them down the road you want them to go down game on you're now in a great position to succeed in today's music business.

See it's it's you know, it's it's educating right even though it's very it's it's very base. It's educating. It's teaching. It's informing when he should be teasing and building value contacts contacts, right? Somebody click somebody sees an ad they click on it.

They come over here like contacts. What's the aim and purpose? page and so this was the before and now I'm going to show you and one last thing where we go to the other thing is getting the call to action above the folds. Yeah, well said well said and so I'm going to show you some of the the copy rewrites. So this is an actual layout I laid it out this this is the way that I do it in like a Google doc and then I took a screenshot but these are the the tweaks that I made.

So number one, you know I said he put the credibility logos at the top like he's done work with CD baby and all these spoken at these music festivals and conferences and and radio stations and big on this, you know, all these all these things then I said for Indy musicians eager for your own tribe of Raving fans free video from legendary manager for Taylor Swift. This is the fastest way in 2023 to get thousands of new listeners for your music every week and turn them into raving fans who happily pay you for more follow the simple system and you too can quickly become a full-time well-paid musician with fans that adore you. That's it. Right late That's it, man. You don't need like that's it.

You know and and like look, you know, I gave this to to Rick and I said, you know, you can you know, you can chop up if there's anything that like isn't completely accurate but there's a couple things here, right? So the credibility like he's got massive credibility. And so let's let's bring it in right he was not only the the manager, you know for Taylor Swift. But again, he's like presents CD Baby all these all these things bring it in write these images these logos of these companies. That means something to musicians right like that that indicates something to to musicians.

Then he said to me and his words that were Indie musicians and um eager for your own tribe of Raving fans. Not sure if that's the the perfect phraseology, but certainly I want in the eyebrow who this is for and I want to give a benefit at the top. It's a free video. So we're specific of what it is that they're getting we get the word free in here right legendary manager for Taylor Swift. We get to Taylor Swift right up there and I made it bigger, you know on purpose and then I I took what he said to me in in a conversation and I just put it in a headline.

This is the fastest way in 2023 to get thousands of new listeners for your music every week and turn them into raving fans who happily pay you for more. That's what Rick said he does. And then over here follow this simple system we get system in there and you too can quickly become a full-time well-paid Musician well-paid musician with fans that adore you this was one of the things that Rick said people are after or his audience is after becoming full-time, you know full-time with their music being able to get paid to to play music. And so what would you change on here if anything Teddy? I think the only thing I would change would be the the use of Raving fans twice and make one of them loyal fans.

You're right. Great Point really great point. I didn't even see that raving fans here raving fans here. You're absolutely right. That is great.

Great catch. I did not I didn't catch that. And so you're absolutely right. I would change that up. You've heard me say before I love um, you know repetition.

I don't want to be repetitious and so right we don't want to use the same phrase over and over and over and so I certainly don't want to use raving fans twice in the deck happy. And so there's fastest ways that the easiest way Um, I don't remember to be honest with you. This is going back a few weeks now or my Tennessee which would be to use both, right? Yeah. This is the easiest and fastest way I think you know, it's an interesting thing.

I think I would love to use both as well. Right like because that's what people want to speed and ease. I think uh that I I I'm also very sensitive to not going to overboard and making somebody feel like this is a little hyping right like a little bit much if you know, like he's claiming that it's the end-all be all and so I want to be careful that it's enticing and it's appealing but it's not I'm not I'm not going too far. We're now it feels like um, I'm making this thing out to be gigantic with you know, it's the easiest fastest most powerful way like once you get there, right that's and we've talked about this before like the you know, where it's there's a excessive adjectives like the easiest fastest most powerful way. Now, it feels different to the prospect right?

Like now it feels like all right, like wow, that's a bit much right like it's a bit much. Um, and so So but I'm sure like going back to you know, power power verbs and all that. Like are they are they equally as fast and easy or they equally as valuable or depends on the market or how do you know which one to use which? In terms of ease or speed. Yeah, I think that it's all market-driven and so right like if and again I you know, I apologize.

I don't remember what the what the thinking was behind this. It certainly was based on my conversation with Rick but it depends on the market because it depends on the market and it depends on what we're talking about what I mean by really it depends on the market is um like is the biggest is the biggest gripe that they have that this is a slow long drawn-out process and that this typically is gonna take me three years and that sucks right? Because if that's the case then I want to go with speed if it is if it's if they're bigger gripe is that it's brutal. It's difficult. It's complex.

Right? Like that's what makes it then I would go in that direction and so it's really it's really driven by the The the market the what I would potentially do now, let's assume that it's both like that the big you know, the it's like it's an equal gripe where it takes so long and it's so difficult. What I would probably do is Is I would probably take the take one and put it in the main headline and then take the other and put it somewhere figure out how to incorporate it into the subhead. So like right, um where I would do speed in the main headline and then I would bring in ease in the subhead. Does that make sense?

That makes sense. But I think and and the reason why I mean you kind of did follow this simple system, right? So yeah. Yeah. I mean, I I think the thing that what and the and this is important the reason why I would separate it and I wouldn't I wouldn't just do like the easiest fastest is because again, I am very sensitive to when you the more you stack in adjectives the more hyperbolic.

It feels like again, right you go three adjectives in there the fastest easiest most powerful way in 20 now, it feels different. It feels more, you know, like it feels more like we're stretching it like, you know what I'm saying? What about like and what about the system instead of process process instead of system or Um, I don't I'm fine with to me. It's the it's the idea. It's not the word system per se.

It's the idea behind it meaning like it's whether it's process, um or system. It's this it's the idea that there is a methodology that I'm not going to just teach you a bunch of stuff but there's a there's a system. There's a process and ideally right like you could say there's a system. There's a process there's a framework certain words. I wouldn't use with certain audiences.

Like let's say if we were talking to entrepreneurs and we were talking to let's say sophisticated entrepreneurs framework. Is potentially maybe a word that we can get away with but if you were talking to I would think and this isn't a knock but it's just a different right musicians or your typical lay person, you know, like framework could be I'm not really sure what he means. It could be intimidating. I know if I said framework to my wife, she'd be like, what's a framework All right you framework is yeah, that's why I was like f***, you know, like simple three-step checklist or something. Like like what what is that word after simple that also reiterates that it's simple like and say point and so, you know, that's great addition.

See it sounds intimidating. Yeah. Yeah. I mean like look that that's a great point. And so like look, let me let me say this that um, you know, and and I think right and look, you know, this is not to say that you know that I'm always spot on because that's absolutely not the case.

Um, you know checklist. And system the underlying idea that's being conveyed through those words are a little different while a checklist is simpler to follow then a system is I'm really trying to convey that there is a methodology like there is a you know, like there's a blueprint there is a you know, there's a set of directions that that's ultimately but I'm gonna look for the most appropriate word that I can find that conveys the underlying idea and that um that that the market will understand right? So I'm not I'm not going to use a word like I wouldn't use a word like framework here because I think that we you know, like framework what you know, like we would lose people and so I and I think right like you see what I'm saying, see how and this is, it's such a great point that you You bring up Teddy because this is where you you know you what's the idea that we're trying to communicate like? Okay. So the idea behind the word system is there's a process there's a methodology.

There's a there's a framework. There's like I'm gonna I'm gonna you know, I'm gonna give you the the blueprint right but now we have to be careful that we choose the right word to convey that idea that is a word that's easy for our audience to understand where where they don't feel like we're talking over their head. We don't lose them where it makes sense. So we still want to communicate we're still there's an idea that we're trying to communicate now, we've got to pick the right word to communicate it and I think that that is the case with everything that we do with every piece of copy that we do it's all about. What are we trying to say?

What are we trying to communicate and then what are the right words for us to use to communicate it and you've heard me talk about before? What I want to use words that are different from what they're the the marketplace is already seeing all over the place, but I also still want to use words that they're gonna get that. They're gonna understand so you got to be careful. If you go over to Power Thesaurus calm, you could get a whole string of words that you could use but it'd be a mistake because the average person is not going to understand what the word means you see what I'm saying? And is there so and is there any particular reason to use the generic simple system versus a name to mechanism?

Um, so I think if I recall correctly the only reason and I could be wrong on this and so I apologize again. This is weeks ago. Um when I was working on this to to for Rick to prepare for 2023, um that I don't know how many other people are competing with Rick. Um, so I don't know if simple system like member we've talked about before that in a marketplace where nobody else is introduced a system to get XYZ results. All you have to say is system to get results once other people start to introduce systems, then we need to differentiator, right like so if Rick if Rick has a lot of competitors that are also saying I'm gonna teach you the system or the blueprint or the process of the framework or whatever then yes, I would say what were that what we're saying here is the same thing as everybody else.

So we need Differentiate with the unique mechanism, but if he is one of the only people that are introducing a system then no he doesn't need one. Yeah, okay. But there you go man. I think that was that was great man. It was it was insightful for me man, hearing your your perspective on the on the original and on this and and so, you know good stuff.

I think that the main thing that I really want to just get across is you know is Say what needs to be heard like by the prospect don't worry. Like I think too many people get caught up in overly trying to Wordsmith stuff and writing a headline. When what you're ultimately writing is what you're ultimately crafting is something that has to appeal to the market something that's gonna make them say this this sounds great. This sounds like what I want this sounds perfect. This is like this is it this is what I want doesn't have to be perfect.

Like you don't have to have like there's a lot more words on this page, you know this headline this that copy then then Rick's but this is a lot clearer. It's a lot simpler. You've got credibility. There's a reason for everything on this page. There's an objective right?

I can tell you from The credibility logos to the eyebrow to the free video from legendary manager, right the core headline some have I can tell you the reason behind every single component on here. I can tell you the almost right the chunks of each chunks of words the reason Why we're using those things and that's right. It's clear. It's simple it's direct it's exactly what they want. That's what we're looking for.

But I think the other distinction too is like, you know, and you know, obviously knowing Rick like and but I think I think people hear this a lot and then and then make the mistake, right? So the other page was was Rick writing like he talks right. So it was very conversational rhetorical like that. But and that's Rick's Rick's Personalities in those words, right? Yeah, but it's and while you should write how you talk I guess that's in the argument more so than something like this is well, I would say and that's a great also another great Point man.

You're on fire today. I think look, you know, there's nothing like yeah, I love talk. You know, right like you you talk right communicate how about have a conversation but that doesn't mean say anything and everything that you want. Right like so you can what you still have to identify. What do I need to communicate?

Like what needs to be said and then you can communicate that in the way that you would communicate it. But when we say, you know, right like you you talk that doesn't mean like look. For those people and my gosh I could be one of them that go off on long tangents with you know, that that go off on long tangents. That doesn't mean it's okay to go off on Long tangents in your copy just because you naturally talk that way you still have to identify what it is that needs to be said what it is that needs to be communicated and then you can communicate it like with your personality with your voice, you know with your vocabulary, but the core driver needs to be you got to communicate what needs to be communicated. So this is not a green light to merely just be yourself through and through and say whatever you want to say because that's who you are because you risk losing people you risk saying something that you shouldn't say and you risk not saying the things that you really need to say to drive the action so identify what needs to be said and then okay put it through your own.

Your own voice your own personality, but make sure go back and make sure you're clearly simply communicating what needs to be communicated to drive the action that we're looking for. Robert cool. Yeah, great call awesome. Yeah. It was a great cause a great call for for me as well.

And so awesome man. Appreciate you. Um, you're sharing your your Wizardry and knowledge as always man and have an amazing day dude, if you need anything slack me. If not, I'll see you next week, brother. peace you got
