---
title: "cc_2023-01-10"
date: 2023-01-10
duration: 39m
duration_seconds: 2367
vimeo_id: 788020251
folder: "2023 Copy Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-01-10

**Date:** 2023-01-10 | **Duration:** 39m | **Folder:** 2023 Copy Calls

---

and all right. So today what we're gonna do is we're gonna I'm gonna present a little lesson for you guys. And then we're gonna do a little kind of exercise or really a discussion and you saw in slack that I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna share my screen you saw what the title of today's training. I actually can you believe it. I actually have a title for this week's training.

I love it. And so the title is how we become the only viable path to success and really what we're talking about. Here is um is is how do we make it so that our solution is the only real solution in the prospect's mind. How do we how do we have a solution that the prospect sees as the only viable path to success? And so let's start with this.

Let's start with what do I mean by Success and everything that I'm about to say on this next slide you you guys know like the back your hand but nevertheless I want to give a little context before we before we dive in. So what do I mean path to success? Well, right, you guys know that prospects buy products and services to solve problems, right? And I want to just unpack this a little bit more in and this is one of those things I just want you to write you've heard this right and this is almost marketing 101 kind of stuff. You've heard me say this you've read this you've heard others say this but oftentimes I really think that these Kind of foundational principles often kind of going one ear and out.

The other are often. It's like yeah. Yeah. I know that they the prospects buy products and services to solve problems. But we we kind of just accept that as a marketing principle and then we don't really hold it out in front of us when we're engineering a campaign meaning we don't first and foremost get clarity on what is the problem that the prospect has that we are ultimately trying to show them we have a solution for right?

We don't take the time to really get clear on. What does the prospect believe that their problem that their problem is. Right. What is the prospect believe that their problem is? And so what is the the problem that the prospect is trying to solve?

Right like and I think that that's it's really important to remember that people aren't buying products and services for the product or service itself, especially when it comes to information products, right? Like no one is excited about having a half a dozen high-def videos on their hard drive. No one's excited about downloading PDFs of cheat sheets. Nobody cares about like they're not excited about that. It's just like what I've said before about financial newsletters, nobody's thrilled because they want Eight Pages of tax to show up every month in their in their mailbox to put on their desk.

They're buying or investing in that Financial newsletter because they believe that it will help them to make more money help them to overcome this problem of let's say not having enough in In retirement and so we've got to remember at the foundation of everything that we're doing. We're ultimately we're solving problems for prospects. Now, you've heard me say before I just want to say it again to give added context that that there are really two categories of problems that when we're talking about problems. So right so when I say problem there are two categories of problems because oftentimes when I talk about we we're solving problems prospects by products and services to solve problems many folks. They will immediately say, well my product doesn't really address a problem.

And what they're referring to is the first category of problem type. So the first category is what we would typically refer to as a problem. It's a pain point. It is a discomfort. It's some it's it's really this thing that we're moving away from we're trying to get out of out of debt.

Our home is being foreclosed on and we want to figure out how to how to resolve that. I've got pain in my knee or my cartilage is wearing away and right and I'm trying to fix that. That's what we typically think of as a problem. My relationship is is deteriorating and I want to I want to fix that and hold on to it. That is certainly one category of problem.

But there's another category of problem that we're also potentially solving as marketers with products and and services and that is an unfulfilled desire. And so an unfulfilled desire might be they don't necessarily have a pain point or a discomfort but they want something and they don't necessarily know how to go about getting it right. So maybe they want maybe somebody's in great shape and they want a six pack and they're unsure of how to do it. It's not that they're necessarily in pain. It's not that they're unhealthy.

It's not that their doctor gave them, you know bad news about their blood work or anything. It's that they want their their aspiring towards something and they don't know how to get it the same thing could be with with finances, right? It's not that somebody's in debt. It's not necessarily that their home is being foreclosed on it's not that they don't know how to pay their bills. Maybe they're they're aspiring to achieve.

Let's say a level of Financial Freedom and they don't know how to go about it or they want to know the best way to go about it or they want to understand how to go about it with a particular route, like real estate investing that is also a type of problem. So you've got the existence of a pain Point discomfort that you want to move away from and then you've got this unfulfilled desire. Both are what I am referring to when I say a problem, right so we could be dealing with one or the other of those a type of problem that falls into one of those categories. It's excuse me before I go on does that make sense? Right, you guys have all heard me say this say this before.

Okay. So with that as the backdrop and the context I want to talk about one simple strategy, which we've talked about before I believe is um, it's a little bit of an advanced strategy but it's also something that I kind of think about when it comes to engineering the campaign argument. This is not something that I always do but I certainly look for the opportunity to to do this. And what I'm talking about here is redefining the problem or sometimes I refer to this as reframing the problem, right and so redefining the problem reframing the problem Shifting the problem what the what the real problem is what the real root cause of the of the pain point or what's really stopping somebody from experiencing the result right shifting it and so the very first question that you can ask for this is can we reframe the problem to be something that only we can solve? Can we reframe the problem to be something that only we can solve and when I say we in this context I'm talking about our solution.

So right so what this does if we can reframe the problem to be something that our solution and only our solution can solve. Well, then of course, we've created this all roads lead to us. We've created this positioning where our solution is the only viable option and I want to just unpack this a little bit. So what do I mean? So what do I mean when I say that it makes it makes our solution the only the only viable option so ultimately what we're looking to do to just kind of strip away right to to just be real about this.

Ultimately. What you're trying to do is you're trying to figure out can I demonstrate with proof evidence and support that what they think is the problem what they think is the cause of their discomfort or what they think is potentially roadblocks obstacles for them getting the result that they want is The real problem, right? And the real problem is something else and that's something else right that we're gonna present as the problem that reframed problem that redefined problem. Is now something that only we can solve so we're not redefining it or reframing the problem in a way where there are multiple Solutions out there that can also solve the problem that would defeat the whole purpose right? In other words.

We're not we're not just redefining the problem. Like we're not redefining we're not we're not let's say taking the reason why you're struggling to lose weight is because you have low magnesium, right that might be redefining the problem, but that's not making our solution the only viable option right unless it was a special type of magnesium and then we're the only providers of that special type of magnesium, right? And so the point is that what we're attempting to do potentially is demonstrate that what they think is the problem is not the real problem that there is a different problem. We have to be able to provide proof and evidence for that different problem. And then our solution becomes the only viable option the only available option to solve.

Problem, right? So then in other words, we become the the sole source of of the solution for that problem when it's redefined reframed properly. And so we're asking can we reframe the problem to be something that only we can solve or can we show how the real problem is? Not what they think but something deeper or something different which then will make our solution the only viable option for solving it. Does that make sense?

Yeah, yeah, it does. Yep. So a you know, look, I think a great example of this before we go into just some you know examples or exercises that should be really straightforward and simple for you guys. Probably the best example the first example and Teddy is is intimately familiar with this because he was around at this time. This is one of the first examples that I saw done a really redefining the problem reframing the problem was done and I've mentioned this numerous times over the years by our Buddy Rich.

Jeffren and so rich Chef friend, he he came out with this special report which he came out with the Special Report many many years ago. I believe it was his first Special Report. It was called the internet business Manifesto and you could still Google it right now the pdf version of the internet business Manifesto and you'll find it. I believe it's, you know reported at least Rich reports it that it's been downloaded over a million times. And it probably has um, and first of all, let me just say this.

I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you exactly what he did in this report. The report is a great example of education-based marketing content. I in in a different format, so it's ultimately it really is ultimately a you know, if you want to call it a sales letter. Uh, it's ultimately it's a beautiful sales letter it worked on it worked to get me to spend I think with him 4,500 something like that or five grand at the time. Oh and that's actually part of how I became friends with them not because I spent 5,000 but getting to know at least I think maybe he became friends with me because I did spend $5,000 now.

I got to rethink the whole friendship. Uh, no, but the the really the the beautiful thing was it was I'm saying number one that it's education based marketing content because it was filled with valuable insights, but here was the thing what Rich was ultimately at the time this is going back now over 10 years ago. Uh what Rich was ultimately talking about the problem that he was addressing in the internet business Manifesto was that marketers at the time were overwhelmed with the amount of things that they believed they had to do to grow their business. So they were overwhelmed with now social media was coming onto the scene and all these different channels and platforms Twitter was like a big thing and it was growing and on the front of the internet business Manifesto Rich had this what what's become known as the you diagram. Where was this, you know, it was this chart this image of you know, like you're you in the center and then everything that marketers believe they needed to do in these little blocks, you know, these little squares all around you the word you at the center right everything from Affiliates to blogging to, you know content to emails to whatever you know, Social media to Twitter to this to the hiring Matt all these things.

Right? And so the problem that he was addressing was that there wasn't enough time in the day for people to get everything done that they needed to get done and people were overwhelmed right with how do I get all this done? And so here's the thing that I really want you to understand what most people were thinking about back then in terms of solutions. They they were thinking number one. Their problem is I've got all of this stuff to do and I cannot figure out how to do it.

I'm drowning in all these tasks and all these activities and I need to figure out how do I do this? Because I'm working Round the Clock right? I'm exhausted trying to get all these things done. I need a system to get these done. I need a hack to get these done.

I need a shortcut to get these done. I need a process. I need a team. I need something to help me get all these things, um done and so that's what they were thinking and those were the type of solutions that they were. That they were looking for.

Rich came along and he redefined the entire problem. He reframed the entire problem and ultimately what he said to really just boil it down and simplify this I think 30 page PDF maybe was he said that's not the problem. The problem is that you are operating like an opportunity Seeker when you should be operating like a strategic entrepreneur, right any demonstrated the difference between an opportunity seeker and a strategic entrepreneur, right? And he like he gave support to that thesis to this idea that you know that this is what happens when you operate like an opportunity seeker, and this is what happens when you operate like a strategic a strategic entrepreneur, right? And these are these are the the differences now the thing that I want you to understand is right that Where did this where did this kind of this approach this this this thesis of redefining the problem as opportunity Seeker verse strategic entrepreneur.

Where did that come from? Right like, why did Rich take that approach? Right? Why did he take that approach based on this conversation based on this meeting? Why do you think Rich chose to take that approach if you had to guess?

Why do you think he took that approach? Michael go ahead judge. I was just gonna say just from what he was hearing from his people. He was associated with his tribe his his followers. Okay.

So meaning that he put forth this kind of this thesis that know that's not your problem your your you know, your problem is not that you need a better system to handle all these tasks and all these activities. Um, you need you know, the problem is that you're being an opportunity seek or not a strategic entrepreneur you're saying that he chose to go that route because of what he was hearing from his tribe his audience the people. Yeah. I mean, he's he's in the market, you know, he's got his ear to the ground, you know? Yeah.

Okay, so not up not you so I like the way that you're thinking back then he really wasn't he was getting into the market. Right? So this was the thing that really launched his it launched a multi-million dollar coat. I believe it created a something like 10 million in the first 13 months. Um for him Damien, what would you think so I was gonna I think that he positioned as this because it was the problem he knew he could solve he didn't want to correlation like you need more supplementations and he doesn't sell supplements or hey, you need to rewire your neuropsychology, which is not what he does so, correct.

Correct. That's the exact answer the exact answer. Was that what he was ultimately teaching right? And this isn't to say right like so Michael you're correct that he knew what the audience was thinking and feeling that's how he came up with the you diagram. So in other words, like he he had to know the market to be able to articulate the the what I would call the symptoms right of the problem.

So like another words, right? And this is an important distinction and we could certainly unpack this a little bit more if you want to talk about it, right? But the the what he was ultimately saying was that you're overwhelmed right with all these activities, but that's not really the problem. That's really a symptom of an underlying problem that you don't realize and the underlying problem that is causing that symptom of overwhelm right of exhaustion is the fact that you are operating like an opportunity Seeker. And not a strategic entrepreneur and then he went on to prove why that's the case and how great entrepreneurs our strategic entrepreneurs and and whatnot.

Go ahead Teddy. I know you got something to add you're close to this. Oh, yeah. I was calling. No, the other thing I was just gonna add was just that like And it created such an aha moment when you read that that there was no going back.

Yes. Oh, I like if I want to be successful. I can no longer do any of this other stuff. This is my only path forward. Yeah, and that looked like what what did Teddy just say?

He almost said the like he gave a part of the title of today's presentation right like this then that became the the only viable path like Teddy just said and he's he's absolutely spot on the only viable path and going forward after you read that right and after you understood what Rich was putting forth, right? Why because Rich put forth a great argument. He demonstrated it. He proved it. He had this thesis right that nobody was talking about so it was wildly wildly different.

Everybody else was addressing. I'm gonna teach you a process to get all this stuff done. I'm gonna teach you how to hack your way to to content on all these platforms and Rich comes along and he says no, no, that's not your problem. Isn't that you're lacking? Process your problem isn't that you're lacking the system your problem instead redefining it is that you are operating like an opportunity Seeker, right?

You're exploring all these opportunities blah blah, you're taking you see the platform is there and you think that you should be doing it and that's not the case the case. Is that right? Like you shouldn't you obviously shouldn't be an opportunity Seeker. You want to be a strategic entrepreneur? And here's what that means.

And here's what that looks like. And here's here's who is a strategic entrepreneur. Here's the fruits of that and blah blah blah and all that and it goes to what Damian said and and it really began with what Damian said that rich new that he was ultimately selling a coaching program on how to become a strategic entrepreneur and he was the only one at the time that was offering a coaching program on how to become a strategic entrepreneur. Nobody was talking about this kind of stuff back then right. Nobody was talking about this kind of stuff back then so it was Tire reframe it was an entire shift right in in mindset and like Teddy said what happened was people started saying at the at the end because Rich put together a great campaign argument and education based marketing message.

You heard Teddy saying he's he's absolutely spot on and you can Google Again, internet business Manifesto PDF and go through it. You'll see right that he created these insights where you were like dang. He's right. I know I went through it right I went through it and I remember thinking to myself like at the beginning. I'm like, yeah, man, I want to learn how do I get all this stuff done?

And by the end I'm like, I want to learn how to be able to identify what I should be doing and not doing I want to be a strategic entrepreneur not this opportunity Seeker, right and and so rich started with he needed he knew he needed people to see the value in becoming a strategic entrepreneur what he didn't just do was create this campaign or create a PDF or create any kind of piece of content that just immediately out of the gate sold people on this new unique idea of being a strategic entrepreneur. What did he do? He started with the problem that they were having the ultimately the symptom of the problem. And by the way, you've heard me say this before and this is an important distinction that often times. When people prospects describe the problem right the problem what they're really describing is a symptom of the problem, right?

So if they say I I'm not getting any clicks on my ads, right and we're gonna talk about this in just a second. Like I'm not getting enough clicks on my ads. That's not the problem. That's a symptom of an underlying problem. Now, they might think the underlying problem is right.

Well, that's because I'm on Facebook and I need to be on Google right or that's because I'm on Google and I need to be on YouTube. They think that that's the that's the real problem. And so what do they do? Right they they switch platforms and and 99% of the time what happens they get the same terrible results because they never really address the real underlying problem of why they're getting low clicks. And so the what Rich did right he started with the problem or the symptom that they were having and then he addressed what they thought was the real root cause of that.

And then he shifted it and he changed it and he said no. No, it's not that it's this and by saying no, no, it's not that it's this. It's a opportunity Seeker for strategic entrepreneur. What did he do? He redefined the problem in a way where back then he was the only provider of a solution for that.

and he did a Brilliant job and that's why it became this you know that that's law it launched the guru to the gurus Rich Shepherd like into the stratosphere and really was the beginning of why he is the The Legend that he is today. And so does that make sense? Does anybody have anything to add to that or any questions about that or any anything that you just want to share before we go on to some examples exercises? No, all good. Okay, I'm good.

Okay. So now these examples are really exercises are intended for us today to be linked to well. I don't want to give it away. But I'm Gonna Give It Away anyway, uh link to E5. Okay, and so I want to show you something.

So can I happen for one second? Yeah, please do so you mentioned about right. So basically what he was doing was saying. Hey, like I'm an identify a unique underlying cause of the problem. That's gonna make you this huge aha like oh dude, that's why I thought the whole reason I couldn't lose weight is because of my metabolism, but it's actually because of my electrolyte.

Oh my goodness like Hara and now is the idea to then combo that with a unique mechanism or is that point? Do you need mechanism is redundant because you invite identify an underlying problem that you're the only one that solves. It could be either the it could be either. So like at the time Rich was the only one that was offering coaching on how to become a strategic entrepreneur and you I mean look, you could make the case that the idea of you know, operating like a strategic entrepreneur was the unique mechanism you could make that you know, you could make That argument, um, but because he was the only one that was offering that kind of information. He didn't that was the differentiator, right?

So it was it's ultimately, you know, it is certainly a different way to get the outcome that people want right like what ultimately people people didn't want to be overwhelmed anymore. They didn't want to be overwhelmed. They didn't want to be exhausted. They didn't want to have this burden of 85 tasks that they needed to do every single day. Right?

And so what they were looking for to solve that we're different processes different systems different methods hacks of dealing with that and Rich came along and said I'll solve that for you, but I need you to understand that that's not the problem the problem. You don't need a problem. You don't need this is your problem. Right? And I'm gonna show you how to get rid of that overwhelmed not with a better way to do everything but but by a better way to operate which allows you to do far less.

Is within the strategy of your business growth plan. Does that make sense? Yeah, that's And so I think that the the little Nuance that I want to point out in what Damian just asked is that really the the better way to think about this is that rich intentionally looked for and rich is brilliant at this he really is he's he's brilliant at this even his most recent presentation that I did. I co-hosted a webinar with them a couple weeks ago and for steal our winners and it was it was masterful the the argument that he put forth and the support that he gave for you know, like what makes for a Cutting Edge marketing tactic and once it becomes best practice. It's no longer, you know a Cutting Edge tactic, right the effort goes through the roof the results go down and he shows how early access to marketing tactics is where it becomes.

Be easy to implement and the results are through the roof and therefore right that's you want to be getting early access to tactics. And how do you do that? Right you do that if you have inside information or inside relationships, which many people most people will never have or you get access to steal our winners and that get right. It was just masterfully masterfully done and see the point that I wanted to make was that rich started with the solution and then he figured out ultimately can I or how do I reframe the problem to be this thing that only my solution can solve so rich intentionally went in he didn't just he didn't put together a an education based thing to give a pause for the sake of giving a Haas those. Ah-has were all leading somewhere.

They were all leading somewhere ultimately. They were leading the reader to say dang. I've been an opportunity Seeker. I need to be a strategic ENT or I need to learn how to be a strategic entrepreneur. Where do I go for that?

Well, the only place that I can go for that is richest coaching program, right? Like that's he was leading them. So he started with the solution and then he figured out what's the argument that I need to present to sell that solution and part of that is part of that for him was redefining the problem. And so now let's look at it through the lens of not getting attention. Let's let's look at it right through the lens of E5.

So not getting attention clicks on ads. This is a symptom. Now. Look the thing that I want you to see here right is I want you to I want you to throw out for me a non E5 solution. So forget E5 put E5 aside don't think about E5 and tell me what could you tell somebody?

What what could the problem here be right not getting attention clicks on ads. Um Authority positioning. Okay, right. So look, you're absolutely right. You could say right like look the reason why you're not getting attention on ads not getting any clicks on your ads.

It's because you're a nobody in the market. You have no credibility. You have no Authority right? Um You have none of that. And so the key is you need to gain Authority you need to gain positioning, right?

And I'm going to teach you the authority formula to become the top right and now you right. So do you see how you can you and this goes back to something that Teddy like you've you've said in some way shape or form multiple times. The reality is right, I could present an argument for X to prove that X is the the answer I could present an argument that proves that why is the answer I could present an argument that proves that D is the answer. That's what we see all the time. Right?

So we see people how about copy? Somebody could say it's because you're copy stinks and you don't know how to write copy and so right I'm gonna teach you, you know short form copy the short form copy formula. That's the whole right the whole thing is, you know is is copy what else could be a problem besides so no no positioning No Authority or only things like what your images State you're targeting the wrong audience your budgets walked out. I mean, okay, so could be right so you could come out and put the wrong URL and yet You know, like there's an endless number of things about why how would the wrong URL not get clicks on the ads? Well, they wouldn't show the kidding.

It's all right. I'm kidding. I'm joking. It's not it's irrelevant. Uh, so but the point is you're right like you could come at it from a media buying perspective.

When would you come at it from a media buying perspective? If you're selling a media buying solution, there you go. I'm setting you guys up here. Right? This is you know, softballs layups here, right?

You're absolutely right. But so from an E5 perspective, what could we bring in? about the Big Marketing idea Right, like, you know, you could present the problem. Isn't that right? Like look the problem.

Isn't that you're using Facebook and you should be using YouTube Problem. Isn't that your copy is not good enough the problem isn't that you haven't tried enough images. The problem is that your ideas stinks? Right and ultimately right with the wrong idea. You're not going to get attention.

You're not going to get clicks on your ads and you're gonna struggle to me media buying work. How about high vsl? Bounce rate low engagement at the start not coming at it from E5. What could the problem terrible lead lack of bad lead lack of a hook. Well, so there you go, right.

So that's really fun primer or we primary promise. So ultimately right you could you would make from an E5 perspective right? You can make the argument that it's the lead isn't nailed right and the lead as multiple components in there from you know primary promise to to you know, presenting the different the point of differentiation you need mechanism teasing the benefit like Right, like the structure of a of a good lead. Somebody else could come at it from how about, you know voice voice inflection tone Pace, right? Somebody else could come at it.

Right and and therefore I could I could use high vsl bounce rate because right you don't know how to control your voice. Your voice is monotonous. Your voice is monotone. There's no nothing engaging about your voice and therefore it's boring and you need to understand the nuances of voice when it comes to vsl. Right?

Like that's probably what I would say to Damian. Uh, and so I thought you're gonna say something about me looking like a mechanic. No, not today. That was yesterday. Oh you the wrong microphone you could yes, you could absolutely you could also make the case for right like you could say a pattern interrupt.

That's because right you don't have a good pattern interrupt at the beginning. I want to teach you the pattern interrupt formula. What the right blah blah, and then of course right in each of these instances, right? You're gonna you would To go on ultimately to present evidence to present support right and if you couldn't present evidence or support that I would tell you that you shouldn't be creating a campaign around that but for us this would be the the lead what about this few people making it to the offer in the in the vsl non-e5. What could the problem be?

I you bad writer or boring or boring right boring cot. You. Could you could make the case again your copy copy stinks. You could make the case that God, I'm sorry next on the slides too much tax on the slides. That's right.

You could you could you could use this that right? It's because you don't have an it's the the creation of your of your slide deck. Right? And you don't understand I movement you don't understand Pace you don't understand how to bold certain things. I'm gonna teach you the you know, the the slide deck the SL formula that's gonna nail this right and then we're gonna go on and we're gonna we're gonna create that you could excuse me.

You could make the case that you somebody else could make the case at there's no story and you need hero a hero's journey story or you need some narrative at the beginning or something like that. Right? And I'm gonna teach you the the vsl. You know the vsl storm story formula, right? And you see this right?

You see this all the time all of these things. You see you see people that present Arguments for write your vsl stink because of copy. I saw a I saw an ad recently, um from a vendor who was like, you know your vsl state your vsl stink. Um, and it was a technology thing like it was a technology claim right like your player stinks and blah blah blah and it was it was all about switching switching technology. The the point is that right like you should you should see that you can you can take a salute like for us.

This is the marketing argument portion, right? Like that's because you don't have a tight compelling right both intellectually interesting emotionally compelling argument that is keeping people engaged that has the right, you know rate of you know, like Revelation velocity like you don't have this right like things aren't being revealed quick enough your belaboring certain point right we can make the argument that it is. It's the campaign argument. And then finally low sales conversion rate. Low sales conversion rate.

Of course. This is an easy one. Right? Like it's the you make the case the offer people could come along and say you have a low sales conversion rate because your copy stinks you have a low sales conversion rate because you don't know how to write a good headline. You can make you have a low sales conversion rate because you're targeting the wrong people and you're getting the wrong people to your page.

And that's why you have a low sales conversion rate, right but for us it becomes. All right. So the the sin offer right? Well this the sin offer what does the what problem does the sin offer solve? Right?

And what is the symptom of the all the Of the of the problem, right and ultimately that's how we're doing it. So we're starting with the solution and then going to how do we formulate the right argument that potentially redefines the problem and shows that we're the we are the only purveyors right? If we wanted to talk about let's say not getting attention clicks on ads another thing that we could say, right so we could say the Big Marketing idea, right? We could say the unique mechanism because you have no differentiate no point of differentiation, right? And then of course we would have to educate on right the only meaningful or viable ways to differentiate today and why the unique mechanism is the superior way to to differentiate compared to anything else and that's how you solve the problem and right and without a unique mechanism.

That's why you will continue to not get attention and not see many clicks on ads. Do you see that whole process? I know we just went through this, you know in in whatever it is in 35 minutes, but do you understand the overall message that I want you guys to get from today? You feel like you grasp that? Yeah, absolutely, Adida.

Damian could Teddy anything anything anybody wants to add to this? Oh good stuff. No. All right. So right it's this is one of those things to to really think about because the beauty is that when you can do this and look I don't, you know, I want to be I want to be careful that you know, we're not I'm not advocating lying and ever saying no.

No, that's not your problem. Isn't that you have low testosterone. The problem is that you have the wrong sneakers if something like that, right like and now we're selling somebody on something that's not really addressing like right. This has to come from a place of of belief. It has to come from truth.

Right? So it's not that rich. It's not that rich was just like hey, what's nobody talking about strategic entrepreneurship cool. That sounds different. Let me now convince people that that's their problem.

Right? No, he believes that like he truly believe that wholeheartedly right and and so he was presenting what he believed. And so this is a matter of really it's continuing to to pay attention to the marketplace continuing to understand what the marketplace is what problems the marketplace uh, what problems the marketplace has right as a whole what are the symptoms that people are dealing with what what do they Believe is the is the underlying cause of those symptoms. Like what is the thing that they're ultimately trying to solve? And can we come in and show them?

No. No, that's not the real problem. This is the real problem in a way where when we say, this is the real problem. We're the only source of that of the solution for that new problem makes sense. Good.

Yeah. All right. Think about it. That's all she wrote for today. I will see you guys next week.

Everybody have an amazing day. Thanks. God got it.
