---
title: "cc_2023-05-22"
date: 2023-05-22
duration: 23m
duration_seconds: 1413
vimeo_id: 829200816
folder: "2023 Copy Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-05-22

**Date:** 2023-05-22 | **Duration:** 23m | **Folder:** 2023 Copy Calls

---

All right guys, so welcome back, back with a marketing training, uh, this week. Um, I am pre-recording this for you. I'm pre-recording this for you because as you guys know, uh, when you're going through this, I will be in Brazil for, um, PA's monster Internet marketing conference to give a keynote, along with, um, Damien, who's also giving a keynote there. Uh, we're super excited about, uh, participating for, for PA Top one client, obviously. Uh, and we are also super excited about, uh, donating 2000 books to help raise money for a really important, um, charitable organization.

And so I'll have a lot more to fill you guys in on as it relates to that for today, for this week's, um, training, uh, what I wanna do is I wanna show you an example of a cool marketing funnel, uh, from our friends over at, uh, digital Marketer. This is old originally from, um, Perry and Ryan, and I wanna show you this in the survival arena, and I wanna show you this for one specific reason. And this is all about really helping you to understand the kind of, uh, creative hook development, right? I, I want you to ultimately see an example this week of how you can take an offer, how you can take a pitch, excuse me, how you can take a hook that is seemingly ordinary or common and with a little bit of spin, you can make it feel wildly different without it, you know, without losing congruency, without being dishonest. And that's right.

Really, ultimately, what we're always trying to do, we're always trying to stand out. We're always trying to differentiate. We're always trying to bring something new and different to the market. Sometimes that's a, a wildly new and different solution, completely different from every other solution out there. Sometimes it's a new and different narrative story, right?

Which then translates over to a new and different, um, hook or big idea. Sometimes it's just a new and different way to position or present a, um, an offer, right? To take something common and to look at it from a little bit of a different angle, to kind of turn it a little bit so that folks see a, a different side, a different perspective, a a, um, a different angle. And that's what we're gonna see here. We're gonna see an ordinary, ultimately an ordinary offer that is presented in a completely different way.

And so, with that, let me go ahead. I'm gonna share my screen, and we're gonna look at the, the first step in, um, in this page. There's a lot that we can talk about in this funnel, but I just wanna focus on this kind of creative hook or creative angle development here. And so let's do this. I'm gonna show you guys my, um, my, my screen.

So right now what we're looking at is we're looking at obviously an opt-in page, um, for the, um, for f p a, for family protection, um, association. I don't know if they, if they're continuing to use this, um, page. My gut tells me that they're not, that this is an old page. You can see the copyright at the bottom, if you can make it out in, um, in white text's, 2018, 2019. So my gut tells me that they're no longer using this.

Nevertheless, I still believe that this, um, kind of creative hook development would be effective today. It certainly, it always applies. And so what you can see here is it says, we need 33 people to test new tactical gear and keep it free. Get instant notification of new free gear offers. Click below, and you can see kind of this kind of, you know, um, survival gear in the back.

So first of all, obviously it goes without saying that, um, that, you know, there, the idea of tactical gear is something that's appealing to this audience. So it's not like they're just giving away tactical gear to a general audience. They're giving away tactical gear to people that are interested in tactical gear, that value tactical gear, that respond to tactical gear, um, uh, uh, offers. And so, uh, so right, we need 33 people. You're gonna notice, notice we need 33 people.

And then notice the positioning here of what you're about to see to test, right? The, the offer is really, ultimately, are you interested in being one of only 33 people to test new tactical gear and keep it free? And so, um, and then ultimately it's asking for here, when we click this, there's, you know, a two-step, um, opt-in. And so after you enter your information on that, you are brought to a page that looks like this. So you can see this is the, the kind of the old school, uh, you know, old school.

Again, here's the 2018 copyright, but it's an old school, um, offer. And what is it ultimately, what is this offer, right? The, the offer is really first and foremost, the price and the, the terms is, um, it, it's free, right? It, you're ultimately getting this free. They're, they're like, it says right here, get this $19 waterproof fire starter free.

The interesting thing, the, the really interesting thing that I want you to notice here is this, this is kind of really cool, and this is something kind of savvy and just kind of file this away, because this might be, you know, this could be a use for, uh, for us, if you're, or if you're a client or student, this could be a use for you of your business. If you notice, if we go back to the original opt-in page here that we looked at, and then we look at the, um, the offer that they immediately come to. Well, this offer can be split test split tested against certainly a version of this offer over here, but it can also be split tested against any other product, any other tactical gear product that is a free plus shipping, right? So there is no, other than this being a, a piece of tactical gear, new tactical gear, there's no congruency between this page and this page. Meaning it's not like on this opt-in page, they're saying, get this, you know, fire starter, you know, are you interested in testing a new fire starter or something like that?

They're just saying new tactical gear, which means, you know, you could come back in if this was still live and this was active, we could potentially come back in a week and this could be a, a different offer, or they could be actively split testing live two different offers. One could be for a fire starter, one could be for, you know, a meal replacement, uh, or something like that, right? Or something to filter, you know, drinking water. And so I think that that's really, really cool because it allows you to dial in this opt-in process to really optimize, to really hone this, to really kind of perfect the copy here, and then yet, right? Once you've got that dialed right, then it allows you to split test the conversion aspect without having to go back and do anything different on this.

So, without impacting all the optimization work that's been done here, that's like super savvy, you know, one thing to, to deviate, and I'm gonna share something with you right now that again, I want you guys to ponder. I really want you to, um, to, to, to think about, and I think that this is gonna really help you guys significantly, you've heard me say it before, many of the folks, uh, uh, that are, that are getting at many of our tribe that are getting access to these recordings might not have heard me say this before, but you know, the, the, the, the approach that you really wanna take is you want to optimize. You don't want to think about optimizing a funnel. You wanna think about optimizing the pieces of a funnel, one at a time that need optimization. And so it's kind of like, you know, rather than looking at, let's say for example, you know, A V S L and saying, I want to optimize A V S L, it is breaking the VSL down into its component pieces and then optimizing those component pieces based on what the data shows us we need to optimize.

So, right? It's very difficult to say, I wanna optimize A V S L and then know where to begin, right? Because why, because there's the lead, right? The first 300, 400, 500 words of what gets said in the, um, in the v ssl is that where the biggest dropoff point is, is that like there's a sharp dropoff point in the first 15 seconds or 20 seconds or 30 seconds or whatever it may be. That's like where we're losing 70 or 80% of our viewers.

Um, you know, is there a dropoff point, a significant dropoff point in the body during the marketing argument portion? Or is there a dropoff point in the, um, in the, uh, you know, the offer presentation? One other thing that folks rarely consider is, let's say if we, if we have a vsl, for example, is what is the play rate, right? So we, we get a hundred people to the VSL page, but then out of those 100 people, let's not assume, you should never assume that obviously that 100 of 100 people that are hitting that page are actively playing the video. You might find that out of 100 people, we're only getting 75 people, just as an example, right?

So 75%, uh, are playing the video. So we're losing 25%. Why am I sharing that? I'm sharing that because ultimately what we wanna do is we want to optimize the campaign. If everything is performing on average, every piece is performing on average, and you know, you know, or every piece is performing, um, you know, subpar below average, then ideally we wanna start with, let's start with the very first thing, and let's start by optimizing the play rate.

Let's getting, let's get the maximum number of people. Let's, let's take that 75% play rate, uh, to 95% or 90%, right? Let's maximize that play rate first, okay? And then once we've done that, let's now look at the lead and let's now optimize the lead, right? And now let's, okay, so we want to take the drop off from 85% and we wanna shrink it down to as close to call it, you know, 40% as we can, for example, okay?

Once we've optimized the lead, and once we've optimized the play rate, and once we've optimized the lead, now let's optimize the marketing argument to get as many people to the offer as possible, right? Like, so that, right? Let's get as many people to the, and and optimize that. And, okay, once we've now optimized the play rate, we've optimized the lead and we've optimized the argument to get as many people to the offer, right now, let's optimize the, the segue from the argument into the offer to get right, like people to consume the offer. And then of course, we're gonna optimize the offer for conversion.

See how we're not just taking this approach of opt, let's optimize the vsl, but we're breaking it down into its component pieces, right? The idea of you're running a video ad on Facebook. Well, instead of thinking just big broad with big broad strokes of let's optimize this video, let's, let's make this a better video. Let's work on just getting that first three second view. You know, like the, the first three seconds consumed by X percent.

People, don't worry about any other part of the V S L until you've gotten that, like, until you get the lead consumed, until you get really, I should say with a V s vsl, for example, until you get, uh, the proper amount of people playing the video, why are you even thinking about optimizing the offer? Or why are you even thinking about optimizing the marketing argument? Optimize the first step in the, um, in the process. So I'm sharing that in this context because it's important, it's valuable, it's a smart and savvy way to approach the optimization and the dialing in of, of a, of a marketing message, a sales message. But also why I think that this is, um, a savvy approach to have a, you know, a, a some, a general, but congruent enough opt-in page where you can then cycle through offers, cycle through split tests, um, on the s l o, the self-liquidating offer, the offer right after the opt-in page.

And as long as it's a free plus shipping offer for some sort of tactical gear, it's gonna work in this context. How beautiful is that? So, right, all of the work done optimizing this page is not lost if they can't make this waterproof fire starter, um, work here, cuz they can just take a, you know, a knife. They can take a, like I said, a filter for, for, for drinking water, a special canteen, a special flashlight, a special backpack, initial meal replacement, or whatever it may be. Now, the thing that I want you to, to really notice here, right, is, um, let's just click this, the yes, send me the free, um, ever strike.

Um, let's see, right? So it goes here and so you can see that this is, um, free plus shipping. There are, you know, typical bonus, um, things over here and you can see that it's, it's free and it's 3 95. Of course, they've got a, um, you know, they've got a bump offer over here. Upgrade my order to, uh, um, I'd like to add three more.

Uh, everstryke, um, matches to my order for 9 95. And so this is the whole entire reason why I, I wanted to show you this, that what they're doing is they've got a free plus shipping, but what I want you to understand is that this idea of 33 people or really test new tactical gear and keep it free, I love, because they could have just simply said, right, get this tactical gear, you know, free, just cover shipping, but that would be a typical ordinary, common way to present or position the offer. And instead of doing that, right, they changed, they differentiated the hook and they did it in a way that's creative because it's, it's creative, because it's still true, right? It's, they're not misleading, right? They're, they're, they're, they're present.

It's, it is free. You just have to cover the shipping, right? But free, it's free. They, I'm sure they follow up and say, what do you think? Would you rate it for us?

Would you give us a review? Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But it's all it is is a free plus shipping, but instead of calling it a free plus shipping, they're saying, would you be interested in testing new tactical gear? And the reality is, is that me having the opportunity to test new tactical gear and keep it free is far more enticing and compelling than me getting a new product, uh, um, that, you know, uh, that's free. I just have to cover shipping and handle it, right?

Like the idea of me getting exclusive, exclusive access to new, new tactical gear, being able to test it and then keep it free, right? Is just a different way to position free plus shipping. Now the interesting thing is over here, right, is, you know, the, we need 33 people. And so this is where, look, I, I think, you know, I I tend to, you know, as you guys know, I'm a bit of a stickler for, I don't really wanna say anything, um, that I don't want. I certainly am never gonna say anything that's not true.

I also don't wanna say anything that where I'm intentionally, uh, misleading, even though I'm, I'm not, you know, even though I'm being truthful, I know that even being truthful the way I'm saying it could be misleading to somebody. And so, right. I avoid that as well. I don't think there's anything wrong with this. The reason why I don't think that there's anything wrong with this, right, is that there, there's one single word that is not included here, and that one single word not included here is makes, it makes it to me completely accurate.

They didn't say, we need only 33 people to test new tactical gear. That right? They, we need 33. That doesn't mean that they can't sell it to 3,300 or 33,000, right? They said we need 33.

They didn't say we need only 33. They also didn't say, and even if they did say, we need only 33, they didn't say, here, we're only going to give this to 33. They didn't say, we're only going to give this to the next 33, right? It seems like there is scarcity. It seems like there's obviously then urgency to respond, but they're not saying that therefore there's nothing misleading.

Like, I wouldn't have a problem if somebody said, you said only 33. I, I didn't say only 33. I said we need 33. I never said I would only give this to 33. I never said I would only allow 33.

Nowhere is that on there. I just said I need 33. I'm sure they, you know, I'm sure 33, I'm sure they picked out of their, you know, their butt. You know what I mean? Um, they're using it as this almost this the perception of, of, um, of scarcity.

But in no way does it, does this, um, does this communicate that they only want 33 people? And so it reminds me of many, uh, many years ago, and I think I've talked about this before, you guys have heard me talk about this. Uh, I think it was Armand more, you know, savvy, uh, savvy internet marketer, one of the kind of early, early, early pioneers in the, in the, in the, uh, IM, you know, internet marketing, um, space. He had something on one of his pages, and I don't remember exactly, so don't hold me to this, uh, if it's slightly different from this. But it said something like, you know, if you are the next person to order, you will get x, y, z bonus, right?

So like in the c t a section, in the call to action section, it was, there was this little, like, if you're the next person to order, you will also get, um, this bonus, right? And it, it was on an evergreen page and so, right, like it was on an evergreen page. And so I had no problem with that because it didn't say, right, only the next person will get X, Y, Z. It says, if you're the next person to order, you get X, which really just means, right, is another way of saying everybody that orders today, or everybody that orders for as long as I have this on here is gonna get X, Y, z. He didn't say only, he didn't say after the next person, I'm taking it away.

He didn't say this expires after, he didn't say anything like that. He just said, if you're the next person to, um, to order you get X, well, everybody that ordered was the next person and therefore everybody that ordered got x. It had the feel of of, you know, it it, it had the feel of, I, I want to get this cuz I, I want to get this thing on there. I'm not sure if he means only the next person. I'm not sure if there's only one left, but he never said that.

And so I'm okay with that. What I'm not okay with is if this said we need, uh, you know, only 33 or, or we're only going to give the next 33 people the opportunity to test new tactical gear and keep it free. If that's what it said, we're only going to give the next 33 people, right? And they just used it evergreen that I would've an issue with because that's dishonest, right? And to me, that's obviously dishonest and, and, and unethical, but they're not doing that here.

And so I think that what we're seeing here is this kind of this use of specificity that's said in a certain way that kind of can make you feel like their scarcity and therefore urgency to, um, to respond. Even though that's not what's being said. It's what we kind of feel. It's what we kind of see. It's what we kind of read into it, even though it's not there.

And I love this idea of taking free plus shipping and saying, test new tactical gear and keep it free. I think that you could take that and you could apply it in so many instances, if you're using a free plus shipping, you know, um, on a book, right? You can say like, you know, get a, um, a free book in exchange for your honest, you know, review or get this book, get this $19 book in exchange for your review, your honest review and keep it free. And then you can bring them to a free plus shipping page. That's perfect.

That's a different way. You're not saying get the book, you know, it's free plus shipping, which is what everybody and their brother does. I think we haven't, you know, a free plus shipping an ordinary free plus shipping offer, that's a different way to to do it, right? If you were a book publisher and part of your model marketing model or monetization model was free plus shipping, well, my gosh, you could have a page just like this that's, you know, get access. We, we need 33 people to, um, to review new personal productivity, um, um, books for us and keep them free.

Get instant notification of all new free productivity book, um, offers. Click below. Now what does that do? Same exact thing gives them the ability to pop any personal productivity book, free plus shipping book behind that. Like you're attracting personal productivity people, you're attracting readers.

Different way of saying, now you could have a campaign. Now check this out, right? Just think about it for one second. Now you can have a, um, a marketing campaign where we're running ads, let's just say on Facebook or social media. That's all about, we're looking for 33 or 133 book reviewers interested in personal productivity that would, um, like, you know, free copies of new personal productivity books in exchange for your review.

And you get to keep the book free if that's you go here, boom. Totally different way of presenting the free plus shipping. Totally different hook, totally different angle, right? Like that's something that I, I would, I almost, I I, I never go anymore unless I'm doing research to a free plus shipping offer for a particular book. But if I saw something related to let's say, marketing or copywriting or business building or mergers and acquisitions or finance or the economy or something, you know, or, or, or, uh, um, you know, or Christianity or something that I'm interested in, and it was, you know, we're looking for 133 book reviewers, you know, people to review that, love to read that want access to new books of these topics, you know, or this finance or economy or business development, mergers and acquisitions, um, leadership, whatever.

Uh, like I would jump on that, right? Could be the same thing. Free plush in. And then again, these people, they build up a list of people that are interested in books or in this case in tactical gear. And if they're selling tactical gear, it's great.

Like great. And so this is another example of that. Like, you gotta see things. You gotta look for the different angle. Look for the different angle that's not being used.

Like in this case this is different, right? It's different. And it's not only different, but it's more compelling and more interesting than the standard free plus shipping. So it's different which grabs attention and it's more compelling than the, than the standard, than the typical. And so, um, there you go.

Something to really think about how do we take the ordinary? How do we take the commonplace and how do we just position it differently, right? Where we're not lying, we're not saying something that is, is untrue. Uh, and, and, and, and if we can, how do we do it in a way where that makes it even more compelling than the original common, right? And so, perfect, beautiful thing.

Love it. Hope you guys do as well. There you go. That's it for this week. I will talk to you guys next week.

We'll be back together live, which I'm super excited. Um, and so until then, ponder what it is that I say said here, creative hooks, creative ways of positioning things, creative ways of taking the ordinary, the common kind of changing it up so it looks different, it feels different, um, and it's more compelling than the standard. And so there you go. Talk to you guys next week.
