---
title: "CC_2023-04-11"
date: 2023-04-11
duration: 44m
duration_seconds: 2689
vimeo_id: 816639034
folder: "2023 Copy Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# CC_2023-04-11

**Date:** 2023-04-11 | **Duration:** 44m | **Folder:** 2023 Copy Calls

---

So, okay. I'm not sure if anybody else is going to be joining us a little bit late, but nevertheless we're gonna get a We're gonna get going. We're gonna rock and roll and so I've got a video that I want to show you today a vsl. And I just want to show you the beginning of this this vsl in just a second. So I'm gonna play the the beginning of the vsl.

And and then what I wanted to do is I want to hear your comments on the beginning of the vsl. You can call it for lack of a better phrase the lead of the of the vsl the interesting thing about this is that number one what you're gonna see is that this is for a this is ultimately for a supplement you're gonna see that the look and feel is very common extremely common in the supplement space. In terms of in terms of video sales letter you're also going to see that. It is almost formulaic in what is presented. So what I what I mean by that is that the the information that you're gonna see the content that's being presented and you could say how it's being presented and the order in which it's being presented is extremely common with all successful vsls in the in the supplement space, right?

So it's very like I said, it's very formulaic. It's very common. I'm not sharing that as a negative. I'm sharing that as a positive for you guys because in a second when we begin to look at the first, you know, two minutes of this whatever it is, uh, I want you to realize that that it's you're gonna see that if you look it if you line up a half a dozen dsls for supplements from Savvy direct response marketers, you're gonna see extreme similarities across the board and yet these are successful in other words yet. These are profitable.

So one of our top one clients Where we worked on I don't even know over the last maybe two years maybe three or four different product vsls, not three or four different iterations. We worked on more than that, but three or four different vsls for three or four different products and they were all like you you would think that they were created by the same individual as as the vsl that we're about to look at. So again, the thing that I want you to just kind of look at and pay attention to is is really I want you to just note what it what's going on or really really what I should say is what stands out to you. What what do you see happening? Maybe what don't you see happening?

What kind of what what jumps out at you what speaks to you from a marketers perspective in terms of what's happening what's being done in this particular vsl, or Getting the lead of this vsl and then we're gonna talk about it, and I'm just going to share a couple things. Let me make a a note real quick. If I didn't say it already that I love this kind of vsl. Even though like for even though it's rather formulaic which I think to a large extent a lot of marketing effective marketing is you could make the case formulaic. I love this style of vsl.

I I love the this compared to let's say the typical vsl that you see from the money making, you know, bizop income generation crowd and I'm gonna mention that when it's my turn to share kind of what I see if you will going on here. So with that let me do this. I'm going to I'm gonna share my screen. I'm gonna share my sound. And what I want to do.

Is I need you guys to tell me I'm going to let me see here. Let's do this. I need you to tell me. In a second. If you can hear this.

So I'm gonna click this to unmute it and then you guys tell me somebody give me a thumbs up or a Thumb Thumbs Up. If you can hear it thumbs down if you cannot if you suffer from ear ringing buzzing or hissing this is what is happening inside your brain. Every time you hear it tonight is sound top MIT researchers have recently discovered the disturbing root cause of your ringing for the first time ever according to their experiments and despite popular belief tinnitus goes much much deeper than your eardrums to a very thin wire spiraling from your ears all the way through your brain. In fact studies from the University of Illinois and the deafness Research Institute UK confirm that untreated earbudsing May. In fact be responsible for damaging your brain networks, literally burning your brain cells and erasing your memories.

In other words right now, you're hearing and brain health are literally hanging by a thin thread that is getting weaker with every screeching sound or pulsing and if you don't do anything about it as soon as possible you are risking deafness or even worse. Memory loss or chronic brain disorders the sad and Urgent truth is that tinnitus is wearing your brain out by the minute. But even though this is not easy to hear know that there is hope as these latest breakthroughs regarding tinnitus have also led to the discovery of the completely natural and inexpensive method that makes it possible for you to strengthen and repair the ear brainwire get your life back and finally say goodbye to all the ringing buzzing clicking and pulsing in your ears starting today. Stay with me and in the next five minutes, you'll discover, why more and more Americans hear noises, even though there's nothing physically wrong with their ears while you're untreated ear buzzing May. In fact be responsible for literally burning your brain cells and erasing your memories.

How coming across a classified surgery on deaf people from 1950 led me to one of the biggest medical secrets in big pharma's history. What government and army officials are privately doing to get rid of there tonight and the simple 10 second method that you can use starting today. Finally hit the mute button on here this solution is Incredibly powerful that it has been clinically proven to work regardless of your age medical condition where the severity and length of your tinnitus and without having you to spend a single red Cent on hearing aids dangerous chemical-filled medications painful ear flushing risky surgeries or useless sound Therapies. In fact military doctors see it as a miraculous key that can unlock the Regeneration of the nervous system as well as brain Rejuvenation. So even if you've been suffering from tinnitus thinking you're bound to live with this sickening sound for the rest of your life, even if you've lost all hope in the medical system thinking there's no Escape for you.

It's crucial that you stick with me until the very end of my story because in a few moments, you'll find out how to shut off that cringing sound that's been ruining your life and feel completely normal again. Just imagine enjoying a quite and peaceful time every day being able to hear your own thoughts again, finally unwind no more headaches dizziness or anxiety no more constantly feeling angry and depressed forget that Dreadful sleepless nights when you were tossing and turning praying for just a second of Fearing that the next day might be even worse no longer having to struggle at work trying to figure out what your colleagues are saying or pretending your focused and Serene when that piercing Buzz is driving you insane moreover regaining your social life. Finally being able to take a break go out with your friends and family carry on Long conversations, even in noisy places just like roughly 200,000 other people did people like I never thought I would bringing stopped but I did. Oh my God after five horrible years. I can think I can sleep.

I can relax. I feel like a human being again. God bless you. We're up to me. I would have never used your mouth.

You're very just sounded crazy. My wife kept insisting. I still can't believe it's been one month since I haven't heard any whooshing or hissing. I feel reborn. Hope many more honest folks found out about this my right ear.

Was driving me insane. He's like a horrifying continuous screeching. I was always tense like a bowstring. I'm an army men, but that's where you at cried like a baby the day the screens was doing. Now spend long hours on the forest.

Just into the birds. My family thinks I've gone insane. A little do they know what I've been through. To think I might not have ever discovered this solution. Since shivers down my spine.

Now if you've suffered from tinnitus for any length of time, I'm sure you're curious to find out all about this inexpensive method. So let's not waste any more time. It's time you broke the tinnitus curse. I want you to know who I am. Why am I unusual Discovery?

Okay. so there you there you have it now for for reference. Uh, I would say I'm going to stop sharing my screen so for reference, uh, the most of these vsls tend to be somewhere in the 40 45 minute Mark, um, give or take and so what we just saw there was a tiny tiny slice of this, um, this this vsl, but in that tiny tiny slice so many Savvy things right we're packed into that little tiny slice and the and the first lesson and then I want to go to I'll go to you teddy and then Uh Michael if you if there's any additional things that you want to pop into into the chat with your oral surgery stuff, go ahead and then I'll share I'll share my stuff. You know, the like look the this is it shows you the the the power and the impact of the lead of how critically important the lead is to not just a long form sales letter, but certainly a video sales letter the I mean the the lead is critical in any marketing message whether it's you know, webinar multi-part video see series doesn't matter. But certainly right you you can see there's so much going on in this lead because of how critically important how crucial this is.

It is a make or break component of of a video sales letter of a marketing message and so lot to be a lot to be learned and gleaned from this. So what I really wanted to hear we'll go to you teddy. We'll start with you is I just wanted to hear kind of what what stood out at you so what you know, what general things stood out stood out to you about what was going on in that in that lead. So it's so double-sided for me right? Because like like I am the prospect for that product, you know, 20 years of standing next to speakers at concerts has now finally taken its toll at age 50 and there is a constant ringing in my ear.

So I was trying to like an from both standpoints, right? So going to the marketer side for a minute just the formulaic part, obviously, you know pushing and pushing the pain buttons the Harvard studies or you know, the 1950s document those, you know, the secret that that they don't want you to know about kind of thing right like that whole big Pharma. Angle certainly there, obviously that helps to position the unique mechanism the part about it. you know being this thin wire that could break at any moment and also the the What's called the you know that it's possibly causing brain damage, right? Because there's just that's a thought that a as a prospect is a little unbelievable but be as a marketer is you know a good good thing to implant into somebody's mind.

It's like not only can you not hear dude, but you might be actually causing permanent brain damage. So I thought that was interesting. But yeah, I mean, I I you know again as going back marker hat. Yeah, very formulaic very just explaining the problem making the problem potentially bigger than it is. Indicating that there that there is a solution that it's been being withheld from you.

You know that sort of stuff. Yeah all all great. I mean look, you know and right. I mean this is like second nature to you Ted. You've been doing this, you know so long that um, you can rattle off all these things and you're you're absolutely right everything that you said, is absolutely spot on you know, I I like look at the amount that was packed into that lead of what was right what was going on and the potential impact on prospects the emotional state there even what they were, you know, what what they think and feel what they're doing to get attention like all those things that you rattled off you rattled off so many things that are were all absolutely absolutely accurate and then you think about for one second just to To deviate for one second you think about let's say oftentimes what novice marketers will will end up with or novice copywriters?

What they end up with is if if we were to take their lead and we were to do the same thing and say like what what's going on here? What are they doing? You would often find very little sometimes you find right? Like they're just giving information. Sometimes they're what's referred to as clearing their throat.

They're they're making an introduction. They're kind of ramping up there. Right like not a whole lot is going on not a whole lot of of impactful information is being delivered yet here in something like this. We we're seeing, you know a ton in just the first, you know, the first couple of minutes the first few minutes, we're seeing a ton and that like I said is a sliver is a tiny percentage a fr In of this overall DSL. The other thing is that what what you know, and so Teddy you're like everything that you said was was on the money, you know for everybody else.

Also what I want you to understand right is and I've said this so many times before That look at how it's front loaded, right? Like look look at how it it's front loaded. They didn't save, you know, like testimonials. They didn't save credibility. They didn't save proof.

They didn't save benefits. They didn't save pain and um and and an agitation like to the they didn't they didn't hold on to that thinking. Well, we've got a shot later on in the vsl to introduce this kind of stuff. What did they do? They they took the PowerHouse stuff, right?

And they they brought it to the front what they do or they're going to do and you see this in in all of these kind of very formulaic vsls. What they're gonna do is they're gonna unpack what it is that they ultimately presented in the rest of the vsl. They're now gonna go deep they're now gonna present the the proof the evidence the support right the documentation if you will, they're not gonna bring in more credibility as they as they do that but the gist of the message that they ultimately, you know, like the gist of the Of the juiciness they brought right to the front and loaded it in the front. And so this is why when what, you know, like what we teach are our clients and what we've talked about for you know for many many years is you got to come out guns ablazing there is no holding back right? There is no like there is no pacing yourself and like dripping.

It's we got to come out guns Ablaze in and bring the goods the best of the best up front right away in hopes of hooking people and getting them to um, To want to hear more and so really important. So, um, Michael said great great big idea about the wire and so I agree I would say that what I what I wrote Michael and and I'm in agreement with you is that I like the angle, right? Like the thing to really notice is they had an angle and I think that that in and of itself is a lesson or should be a lesson for um, for for folks in our tribe for our clients and students that you need an angle, right? You need something different like right you need to bring something different to the marketplace in terms of what you're talking about. Nobody wants to hear old news, meaning old information stuff that they're they're already aware of and so they have an angle and that angle is is call it is different right?

They're bringing some a different angle a different perspective a different storyline a different narrative. To the um to the table a you know, the the brain damage is new shocking newsworthy. I think look, you know and both of you guys mention this, you know, I think it's a great example right of of and we've talked about this we've talked about all these things before but we've talked about this before the difference between um talking about the problem and agitating the problem right like talking about the problem is the ringing the whooshing the sound in your ears the right like is that which the prospect is already aware of remember we said that right the prospect is already aware of the problem that they're dealing with the ringing the the whatever right but it's the agitation of this could be and this could lead to agitating right brain damage or permanent hearing loss or blah blah and so right if you don't do anything about this or you take the wrong action, or you don't actually solve the underlying root. Cause you could experience X Y and Z. That's the agitation.

That's so in this context that you know, this could lead to brain damage. Right just as an example, whether it's believable or not put that aside that is an example a formulaic example of introducing the here's what happens or could happen. If you don't take care of this that's the agitate portion of problem agitate solve. You've got this problem the ringing the wishing this out the here's what could happen, right if you don't take care of this right and then the um, The um the salt as it relates to that. I just want to mention and then I'm gonna finish going through Michael's list.

Is that what I noted is you'll notice that they of course here. They started with problem right like this is this is a problem call it a problem agitate solve. Um vsl most not all most supplement vsls which deal with any kind of medical condition. If you will are typically problem agitate solve. You're right like the whole reason why You know nerve pain.

Diabetes let's just let's just say, um chronic migraines. Um tonight is all of those things right people have a pain point. They want to get rid of that pain point and that pain point is what's driving them to explore options. So that that's why we pick up with pain problem agitate solve and so see how it's coming from the the audience but then what what you see in this which is important is you see the the pain and the potential bad a outcome result if you don't take care of this and then you see the possible good there is this there's both of this this Duality the both of these things like like you could experience really bad stuff. You can continue to experience what your experiencing and even potentially worse if you do nothing or you do the wrong thing or Right, you can experience the good there's there's hope for you right and I think they actually use the word.

I'm hope a couple times in the copy. So there was this balance of negative positive negative positive negative positive. It wasn't just one right? It wasn't just upside and it wasn't certainly just negative. It was um, A balance, uh, Michael said dimensionalized benefits, like for forests, you know the walks in the in the in the forest.

I think certainly what what I would say right is is certainly dimensionalized benefits. They were really, um, they were for lack of a better word humanizing the experience the the outcome the the case studies the testimonials write the the result they were really humanizing it and that they were dimensionalizing it and humanizing it showing how in the real world how it's changed people and that's a great like that in and of itself should be a really powerful example for you guys. They didn't just say you won't have ringing in your ears. They didn't just say you're hearing will be clear. They didn't just say right you won't have to turn up the volume on the TV anymore.

You won't have to constantly ask. Friends or family members? What did you say they dimensionalized? They right what what could a real experience a real picture look like of somebody that is experiencing the benefits and so that right and that's powerful. The sequence was well done.

Very very common that right. It felt like they were holding out on the mechanism, but it felt like it was building curiosity. So that was well done. So let's address that for one second. So I would say that what what their ultimately doing in the lead is they are and this is right.

Like what we ultimately want to do we want to get folks excited and curious about the the unique mechanism excited about what the unique mechanism can do for them. Right how it can change things for them how it can solve their problem how it's easier or faster than anything that they that they've tried before but at the same time we do want to hold some of the cards close to our chest in terms of we don't want to start to educate on the unique mechanism. We don't want to start to get into the science of the unique mechanism. That's for the body right? Remember that the lead the whole purpose of the lead.

Writing you could see where I stopped the video the the gentleman was getting ready to introduce himself. Right? We right we always said I've always said like especially when you're dealing with when you're dealing with the front end when you're dealing with cold traffic, you don't lead by introducing yourself because who you are and unless you're a well-known, you know, unless you're Dr. Oz let's just say right you're not gonna lead with who you are. Right, you're gonna save that until after the after the the lead.

So the aim in the lead is to get folks excited about the unique mechanism and to peek their curiosity to want to hear more. Remember, we we've said this and taught our clients and students this for years. You've heard me say this for years at the end of the lead. We ultimately want prospects to say Gang This sounds awesome. Like this sounds like this sounds awesome now prove to me that this works and will work for me and then we go into that.

in the body so really what we're ultimately saying then And I I mentioned this a few minutes ago. Is that by the end of the lead somebody should know whether they're interested in this or not, like right Lake they're either interested or not by the end of that lead what we watched somebody's either interested in hearing more or not. And when we say tell me more right like I'm interested in hearing more what we're really saying is all right, like, you know, like give me the give me the goods now like show me show me how and why this work. It sounds good. It sounds interesting.

It sounds like something that I am potentially interested in but now like prove to me show me educate me, like I need more from you if I'm going to buy but the job of the lead is to ultimately get the prospect to to say this sounds awesome or to get them to leave right? And that's we're attracting we're um repelling and so Let me go over to the rest of my list and just cruise through these because I have a bunch here. I will talk about some a little bit more than others the and this is in no particular order. So the the very first thing that I wrote down is you'll also notice they got right into it right when the video started they were right into it. There was no hemming no hauling no build up no ramp up.

No introduction, right? They just got right into it. And I think that the the thing to really understand is that right people like that is a respect to me. That's a demonstration of respect for the prospects my Newt attention span and the milliseconds of opportunity that prospects give us today to hook them in right? So this is where you cannot waste any time like and I believe that we're we're seeing this more and more even in like in Email and not all email Communications but in email right like where the shorter like just get into it.

Tell me what this is about. Tell me what I get. Like tell me what I stand to gain by this right like is certainly producing more higher clicks than the let me give you the full backstory. Let me give you the full build up. And so I think especially on the front end when we don't have trust yet.

We don't have a relationship yet. People are still very skeptical jaded when they click on an ad or something like that that look they got right into it right away, like within seconds right that you are already in the midst of learning something being exposed to to something new the other thing that I just want to mention. uh, and I'll pop the link in to slack for you guys and I'll have Jay shell include this for everybody that gets a copy of the recording the the link for the vsl what you What you'll notice also or should have noticed is the pacing the pace of the vsl was like right at one point when I first um started watching the vsl. I was like had to check to see if I had my speed turned up because it was it started and it went and it almost felt to me like, you know, we've we've tested this multiple times Damian is a big proponent of this there were the the spacing the breath the pauses in between sentences was no doubt reduced and so Pace boom get it out get going. No Heming and Hauling no build up jump right into it.

We've got seconds milliseconds to hook these people in right and you can see the pacing was right like and and we've talked about this before this idea of the raid of Revelation, right? Like look at look at how much stuff was being new stuff was coming. In and how quickly it was it was coming in and so right into it. No, hemming. No hauling um Pace we already said the wire angle, right?

Um, just having an angle. I also said here. And we've talked about this as well many times before you'll notice that there wasn't any outlandish pattern interrupt. So one of the mistakes that I see made that I've had to fix with a number of clients numerous times is thinking that you need some wild outlandish, um pattern interrupt to hook people in and what I mean in this context find out landish pattern interrupt is you know is something that is shocking for shocking's sake. So I've told you before about you know, the the pattern interrupt where it the the vsl could be selling a weight loss supplement and you know, they open up with you know, like a massive car crash on the highway like as a way to get attention shock value, right and that's unnecessary.

It's unnecessary. It's unnecessary to do and And so you'll notice here. There was no outlandish pattern interrupt the next thing that I had on here and it's and I mentioned earlier at the start of our of this week's training that I was gonna I shared that I like this kind of video and there's one reason why I like this. I like this video one main reason and that main reason I just labeled it simply educational right? There's something being taught right and so I don't care if right like and this is a it's a great example of you know of if we really got into the Nuance of the word educational you could say, well what what do they actually learn rights like some would say what what's being what are they being taught that they can actually take and and do something with after the vsl?

Well, not not everything that's educational has to equip people with the ability to do something different after after they learn it right shaping perspectives. I'm teaching them something that they didn't know before. Verb, right so that they can see the world differently so that they can process information differently so that they can understand what's going on. That's all education. This is an educational BSL.

Right? Like it's an education-based vsl. Ultimately you can see that right from the angle the wire angle. What are they? They're gonna teach you about this discovery of the wiring in the brain.

They're gonna teach you about what the findings you know, the MIT findings, they're gonna teach you about what the military they're gonna teach you things so that you understand now ultimately you guys know all of those things are just perfectly setting up the sale. All of those things are making the unique mechanism. If you will that much more valuable all of those things are, you know, everything that they're educating folks on. Is is information that's designed to get them to see the value in buying the product. Right?

So they're not educating for education's sake it's all education based marketing. It's all ebm content. But the core that I want you to see is right nowhere in that lead nowhere and I'm gonna make this this point I'm gonna I'm gonna drill deeper in just a second. Nowhere in there. Did they begin to talk about the product not even in the testimonials?

Not even in the testimonials. Did they to date? Right like my when I first saw when I first watched the the video and I saw the testimonials come in. I was immediately afraid that they were out that these people were gonna say, you know, this supplement was the greatest thing. Thank you so much.

Right which would have been a red flag. They didn't you'll notice that it was it. They were introducing a method right a process. I think I think it was somebody used the the word either method of process one of those in the testimonial. Now in the end, right they're gonna come back and there's gonna be a lot of proof and testimonials about the product but in the lead, what are they doing?

They're getting buy-in on the this educational material. They're demonstrating to prospects. This is valuable stuff that you want to hear that. I'm going to teach you that you are about to learn and so pay close attention right pay close attention. When you first go to that page you would have no idea that you are about to be sold or presented with the opportunity to buy a supplement.

You think it feels like a an education based video that's gonna teach you something new and different about tonight is and and ultimately, um freeing yourself from it. So educational next thing that I wrote down and like I said not in any particular order was immediate credibility presented. So if you look at that page, right if that page there's credibility right under the headline. There's credibility underneath the video and then there's credibility immediately presented within the first I think it was within the first five seconds of that video. There is a piece of credibility introduced and then there's multiple points of credibility.

Right and so look at the amount of credibility brought in and brought in right away and brought in up front right addressing the potential skepticism of the of the of the marketplace and not holding it back. I already said good benefits and detriments. I already said Pace I already said starting with the problem. Of course, Teddy said and he's right on the money. There's a new discovery a new mechanism, right?

There's something new for um how to, you know, get a you know, get rid of um tonight is and so mechanism Discovery. There was future pacing right in the lead. Right right in the Eat you could almost look and this is I included this in here number one because I you know, I I saw it. number two because if you really look at the lead if you really look at the the lead Minus the proof like that the support the evidence the actual argument and the offer you could almost make the case that there's a there's a complete marketing message a complete pitch delivered in the lead, right? It's a condensed a you know, it's a condensed pitch but in the lead they towards the end of that lead before the the gentleman introduced himself right?

There was this future Pace, right? Like imagine right future pacing what the what the future could look like for folks are will look like after they get rid of their tinnitus using their approach their their method that that they're about to teach you in the in the vsl. So future Pace right in the lead. I already said that from the lead somebody can decide at the end of that lead, you can decide whether this is something that you're interested in or not. I don't mean you can decide whether you want to buy or not right like like or whether You're going to buy or not, but certainly by the end of the lead you can decide if you're interested in buying right like or not.

Like this is either like I'm either interested in hearing more about this or I'm not right like in other words. I don't need more information to know whether I'm interested in this I need more information potentially just to decide whether I'm going to part with my money for this whether I fully but I I know by the end of that lead whether I'm interested in hearing more about this or not, right like and and so um, So someone can decide from that and um, I already said testimonials the testimonials. I believe there were three, you know testimonials number one. The testimonials were about the benefits not the product. Very very smart very Savvy, right?

We've talked about this many times before we teach this as part of the E5 method that right like that. There's proof there the type of proof that you use And where you use the proof changes depending on the section of the marketing campaign the E5 campaign that you're in when we're in the lead. We're not giving testimonials and proof for the product because the lead isn't about the product, right the lead is about the unique mechanism. If you will write the angle the unique mechanism and all the benefits that somebody stands to gain of that in the argument portion or the body portion. We're proving the validity of the claims that we made about the unique mechanism and what somebody can expect to experience.

Um, And then after that we're introducing the product so during the during the argument portion if we could certainly bring in um comments from from customers or clients, but those aren't going to be comments or reviews about the product because we're not talking about the product yet. We're only gonna bring in testimonials and reviews about the product when we're talking about the product after we introduce the product and so great to see like they add right proof that testimonials real people right up front giving evidence that yeah, this is valuable you stand to really experience something great by watching the rest of this video. And what were they ultimately trying to do they were trying to get people to watch the rest of the video. That's it. That's not right like reinforce show proof evidence that what they said was legit in the in the lead to get people to watch the rest of the video the other thing that I noticed um was that there were different representatives in the testimonials.

So right there was a woman there was an older man and then there was a younger guy right like and so different representatives in there. And so I'm not just and the younger guy was military which is key because they suffered from it from explosions and all that stuff right? There you go. Right and so that kind of stuff is not done accidentally, right that's intentionally done. Right and that's like right there's you know, that's smart.

Smart companies will get a variety of testimonials to represent a variety of people in their in their Marketplace if it was all men right all got that's you know, and sometimes it's not this big huge mistake that is made that makes that that hurts conversion. Sometimes it's these little things sometimes there are things that you might not even know why you feel a little weird why something comes off a little A little wonky a little right a little iffy, um to you you might not even fully be able to articulate it. Right but just having a feeling right can lead to you not you not buying so they're right testimonials up front if you will or proof evidence support right up front represented woman, man, younger younger dude. Um, and so there you go. And so that's my list all packed into just a few minutes of that vsl.

And so anything real quick that you guys would add that popped in your head. Yeah, I would just I would just add that, you know, like, you know, it's we just take it so for granted sometimes right but like, you know, the the power of the vsl, right because if that was a sales letter And you could scroll to the bottom and immediately see that there was bottles of supplements for sale you'd bail right and like so not only yeah both the format but also and again like you said like 90% of offers that I see there's one paragraph that's considered the lead and here's the product in the price, right? Yeah and from from well known marketers. It got like it's just amazing how many people just miss it? But yeah, and I I think you know, you're you're you know, you're so right, you know, Teddy I I think look like look, you know, this is where you know without going down this crazy Rabbit Hole.

This is where you know, right that marketing they're just so many nuances and so many right it's not it's not like that everything that we we say is is black and white in that it applies to every situation. So like look, you know, I would say that when you're talking about back and marketing and you're talking about marketing to let's say you're Your tribe your buyers. Let's just say that already have trust for you. And well the approach that we we take can be different than the front end when you're talking about people that don't know you yet like you trust you. Uh, and so so they're certainly is sometimes right?

Sometimes we'll we'll critique not us but some Market or some entrepreneurs will critique a back-end marketing campaign, you know, like in the context of what they understand about front end marketing and you've got to be you've got to be careful with that what I would say right for the front end, which we know is the most difficult part, you know customer acquisition is the most difficult part of every business. It's the most the the costliest part of of every business that you can never underestimate the task at hand. And I and you really gotta recognize that just because you put up a page and just because you put up a video or just because you put up a marketing message doesn't mean that people are gonna consume it right doesn't mean that people are gonna are gonna believe it doesn't mean that people are gonna be excited about it. And so it's stuff that you've got to you've got to respect and you've got a really go through the the steps. I think, you know, there's like look there's a reason why you know for years most of the front end Agora sales letters.

We're also 40 minutes. Like give or take right there was a reason right like why they were they were building the lead. They were setting the hook. They were establishing The credibility they were right and they were marketing and that's another thing that I think right. They were they were marketing.

They weren't merely selling when folks go into like look. Sometimes you'll go to a long form sales letter and it's you know, you see a buy one get one free and that's what they're leading with. That's a sales message. That's not a marketing message. Right?

That's just that's a sales message. They're ultimately leading with the offer. They're leading with the product or they're likely talking to people that you know are extremely high levels of awareness and it's it's a different ball when you know, you want to go to the masses and on the front end. I think that you really got to respect what we're trying to do and recognize man just because you publish something doesn't mean that people are gonna consume it find it exciting and respond to it. And so but there you go.

That's it. Keep an eye out. I'll pop into on slack and a little bit the the link if you want to watch the full vsl, which I do highly recommend that you you do and so keep an eye out for that link and I will talk to you guys next week. And so thanks for hanging out.
