---
title: "New Recording - 2/18/2026, 3:53:22 PM"
date: 2026-02-18
duration: 40m
duration_seconds: 2422
vimeo_id: 1166129917
folder: "2023 Copy Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# New Recording - 2/18/2026, 3:53:22 PM

**Date:** 2026-02-18 | **Duration:** 40m | **Folder:** 2023 Copy Calls

---

What is going on, everybody? Welcome to today's alliance call. So I'm gonna share something a little bit different with you guys today, um, just because of the, we're running a recent promotion on a workshop called Weapons of Mass Persuasion, and it just seems to be a topic that resonates a lot with the tribe. And so I figured for today's call, I would share some of the persuasion knowledge and wisdom that I've gained throughout the years and studying this topic, applying this topic, uh, applying the principles in, in the real world, and actually professionally teaching folks how to become more, uh, persuasive. And so the, the brand of psychology that I like to teach people is what I call street psychology.

And the reason I call it street psychology is because it's a blend of the best researched tactics and strategies that I've learned in studying this stuff, combined with what I find, what actually works in the real world. In other words, what I found is that there are lots of things that you could read about in a textbook that, Uh, can feel interesting and they can feel alluring, and they can, um, uh, they, they can just seem very intriguing. But when you try to apply them in the real world, you find that they're just not practical. And so the stuff that I'm gonna share with you is what I believe to be the most practical stuff that you can apply in your business. Now, the reality is, because we're talking about persuasion, the stuff that I'm gonna show you in today's training can be applied to your business, your personal life, your relationship.

You can, you can apply it, uh, in your marketing campaigns. You can apply it in one-on-one settings. You can apply it in one to many settings. And so just try, I'm gonna try to keep the context of this mostly related to direct response marketing, but as you'll see, you'll be able to, uh, see where you can apply these things in different contexts. So essentially what I'm gonna show you here, these are the top 20 fundamental lessons that I've learned about persuasion in the real world.

So, lesson number one is that the ability to communicate effectively is the most important skillset anyone can have. And this is a hill that I will die on. I truly believe this to be the case. I believe that you could have talent, knowledge, education, wisdom, work ethic, and all of those things, but if you don't have the ability to effectively communicate that you have them, or the, if you, if you can't effectively communicate that you have these things, you're ultimately going to run into problems. You're gonna sell yourself short.

And, and ultimately, like in the world of business, I would argue that you could wind up losing to the person that is less knowledgeable, is less educated, may have an inferior solution compared to you, but they win the business because they do have the ability to effectively communicate, right? And the, the really, if we think about marketing, marketing is just a form of communication. And so this is kind of why Todd and I are so passionate about marketing and helping folks level up their marketing skills, because we want people that truly have the best solutions to never be, to never sell themselves short by not having the ability to effectively communicate that they have the best solution. Lesson number two is that the ability to communicate effectively is absolutely a skill that can be learned just like marketing. Look, the reality is for some people, communication comes naturally to them, easier to them.

But that's true of every other aspect of life, if you think about it, right? Like in every aspect of life, there are traits and abilities that come naturally and easier to certain people, and there are some that others just have to work a little bit harder at. But that does not mean that the skill cannot be learned. Lesson number three is that some people just cannot be persuaded. This is a really important lesson to learn.

You know, when I first started teaching this stuff, one of the questions I would get is like, teach me the thing that works on everyone. And the reality is, there's no such thing. There is no such singular tactic, technique or strategy that works on everyone. Some people, depending on the context, the environment, the situation just cannot be persuaded. So for example, I could be selling the, the best organic grass fed beef that the money, that money can buy.

But if I'm in an arena filled with vegans, like they ain't buying it, I'm not persuading those people. And so that's an important lesson to learn. Lesson number four is that some people are just not worth persuading. And this again, ties into lesson number three, that you know, if, if you are, you are, if you are trying to persuade a group of people that simply cannot be persuaded either because of their worldview, uh, their value system, or a a multitude of reasons why they can't be persuaded, you are essentially wasting your time trying to persuade them when you could be using that time more effectively in, in some other way. And so some people are just not worth persuading.

Lesson number five, some people need to be persuaded the hard way. So what I mean by this is if you pass lesson number three, or I should say checkpoint number three, and you know that you are dealing with a person or a market that can be persuaded and that they are worth persuading, then in some cases you have to be brutally honest with them. And in some ca, in some contexts, you actually have to highlight, um, and almost exploit the fear and the pain that they will continue to experience if they don't take action. And so that's what I mean by the hard way. And so, um, you know, sometimes when I explain this to people, they kind of associate like there's a negative connotation to it.

But I want you to think about like if you have children, right? Sometimes you have to be a little direct and a little harsh in order for the child to really understand the magnitude and the importance of what you're communicating to them. This is not to say that we yell at people or that we're abusive to people or that we curse at people or anything like that. It just means that we have to be sometimes very direct and clear in painting a picture for the person. Like, if you continue to do what you are doing, this is what's going to happen to you.

Uh, lesson number six is often what you think persuades others doesn't. What I mean by that is lots of times we think that people make decisions based on logic. And so if we present merely a logical argument to that person or people or market, we think that oftentimes that's enough to do the job. But the reality is that human beings are emotional creatures. And I would argue that almost every decision that we make is backed by an emotion, even seemingly the most logical ones.

So the logical decision not to jump in front of a moving car is really backed by the emotion of fear, right? So almost every logical decision, I would argue, is backed by an emotion. And so that's what I mean when I say oftentimes what you think persuades others doesn't. Also, there's some nuance to this, because in order to truly persuade someone, you need to know as much about them as possible. And so you need to understand their values, their beliefs, their thoughts, their opinions, their worldview.

And so the more of that you can understand, uh, their wants, their desires, right? The more of those things you can understand, the better equipped you are to persuade them. So that's what I mean when I say often what you think persuades others doesn't. Because if you don't move out of, of your own world of what you think is valuable or interesting, um, or what your wants or beliefs are, and your trying to persuade people based on your worldview, you will run into challenges. Uh, number seven is confidence leads to confidence.

So, you know, confidence in and of itself can sometimes be enough to persuade someone. Like I'm sure if you've ever been around somebody who communicates in an extremely confident way, that confidence and that enthusiasm, I remember Brian Tracy used to say years ago, enthusiasm is contagious. Well, so is confidence. Sometimes if we are in the presence of someone who just communicates in an exceptionally confident way, sometimes that alone is enough to get us to start buying into what this person is saying. So confidence is absolutely a valuable trait to have when it comes to effective communication and persuasion.

The question is, how do you get confidence? In my opinion, confidence is not about reciting mantras. It's not about looking in the mirror and hyping yourself up. Those things can be part of the equation, but if there's competence missing from the equation, none of those things will work. So here's what I mean by that.

What truly leads to confidence is competence is, uh, the reason why most people are not confident is because they're imagining a scenario in their brain or in their mind that is going to create an unfavorable outcome for them. So, for example, if a person doesn't have confidence in public speaking, it's because they're imagining a scenario where they're gonna get up in front of the, the, the crowd, and they're gonna make a mistake, and people are gonna judge them, and people are gonna laugh at them. If a person lacks confidence when it comes to approaching women, it's because the man is usually imagining a scenario where she's going to reject him and make fun of him, and so on and so forth. If a person lacks confidence in their ability to run a and scale a business, it's usually because they are imagining an unfavorable outcome where they fail, and, uh, the business dies, and so on and so forth. So where competence towards this is the more experience you have getting the outcomes and the results that you want, right, which are directly correlated to competence.

The more competent you become at something, the more likely you are to get the outcomes and the results that you want, so that the next time you need to do these things, you now are less worried about these imaginary scenarios with negative outcomes because you have a track record that proves that, well, the last time you spoke to a woman, right? The, the, the outcome was good, the last time you got up in front of a group of people and made a speech, you got a round of applause the last time you tried to scale a business. It worked, right? Because all of those things, all of those outcomes are the result of you becoming more and more competent. So now you could still experience bouts of being, uh, uh, not confident.

And certainly, you know, mantras and positive self-talk will help you, but they will not help you if the competence isn't there. Lesson number eight is context, environment, and circumstance matter. So what you say to persuade someone in one context could be wildly and vastly different than in a different context or environment and circumstance. And so that's why not all, I I'm always hesitant in using absolutes when I talk about really anything in general, I, I try to stay away from absolutes and generalities. I try to avoid language like, uh, people always do this, or this is always the case, or everyone thinks this way because people can think wildly differently and they can make decisions differently depending on the context, environment, and the circumstance.

Number nine is people allow themselves to be persuaded by those they like and those that they want to be like. So listen, in the in, in the world of marketing, um, I would argue that people allow themselves to be persuaded by people who present the best possible solution. So when you can prove without a shadow of a doubt that you have the best possible way, the superior solution, the best way to solve the problem or fulfill the desire, then ultimately you will be the one who wins. But there's a flip side to this, and that is that people make rapid subconscious decisions about others when they are interacting with them. And so here's what I mean by that.

Like, I'm a devout Catholic, and in my office in the background, I have a picture of the last supper. And you know, in one of my coaching calls with a client, the client was, we were working on his minimum viable funnel. And we always recommend that when you are validating a minimum viable funnel that you use an ugly VSL, where it's just you talking over slides, kind of like what I'm doing right now in this training where you don't see my face and you don't see anything in the background. And the reason why is because when validating a minimum viable funnel, we don't want distractions from the message, right? What we're trying to do is validate the messaging, right?

Is the big idea resonating? Is the primary promise attractive to people? Does the unique mechanism make sense? Does, does it clearly articulate how it's different and superior, et cetera? And so if there are other things included in that, uh, process that are not directly correlated to the message, those things could detract from the message.

So the client was saying that he would prefer to do a talking head video because he, he connects with people. And what I told him was that I wouldn't do a talking head video when validating a minimum viable funnel. Maybe at some point in the future, uh, that's an option. But to validate a minimum viable funnel and that initial messaging, I would only use an ugly VSL with slides and voiceover like I'm doing here. So what I did was on the call, I showed him the picture of the last supper in the background, and I said, you know, if I was validating a minimum viable funnel with that imagery in the background, that could potentially turn some people off.

And he said, well, I wouldn't want those customers or clients anyway. And, and hey, listen, I I I get that. But the the reality is, is that, um, people are influenced, often subconsciously within seconds about things in the environment, you and I being one of those things. And so when I say people allow themselves to be persuaded by people that they like and that they want to be like, what I mean is that generally speaking, if someone sees something in you or in your environment or in your marketing message that they identify with or that they can relate to, it will make them more persuadable because it will make you and your positioning more likable. But the opposite is also true, is that you could potentially introduce something into that interaction that feels unrelatable to them or disconnected.

And so this is why it's important to understand and know as much about the people that you are attempting to persuade before you persuade them. Lesson number 10 is that people will do more to avoid pain than they will to gain pleasure. So if we boil down really the only two reasons why people do anything, it's these two things. It's, they're either trying to get away from some sort of pain, or we're trying to get closer to some sort of pleasure. And, uh, the reality is that statistically speaking, people will do more to avoid pain than they will to gain pleasure.

So I'll give you an example. I think it was, uh, Ryan Leveque who gave this, um, analogy, and it, it, it, it really resonated. It made a lot of sense. He said, imagine if you were in your house sleeping, it's like three o'clock in the morning, and all of a sudden the doorbell rings and you answer the door and it's your neighbor. And he's like, um, Hey Paul, I just wanna let you know, like Sears is running a 50% off sale on tires, uh, right now.

So you can go and you can buy tires and, you know, save 50%. And if, if this happened, you would probably first be looking at your neighbor, like he's absolutely out of his mind, uh, for ringing your bell to tell you this. But you know, you, you probably would say, okay, well thanks a lot, uh, appreciate it. And then you would just file that in the, you know, in the back cabinet of your mind and go back to sleep. But imagine a different scenario where you're sleeping and the bell rings and it's your neighbor, and he's like, Hey, Paul, listen, I just got home from work and I noticed that you have four flat tires.

And look, man, I just wanted to let you know, like Sears is running, um, a 50% off sale right now. Um, you know, so if you gotta get those tires replaced, now's the time to do it. Well, now you are much more motivated to pay attention to that message and act on it because now you got a pain and a problem that you need to solve right before, like it's the same tires for the same amount of money, but you don't really need extra tires, right? So sure, you, you having them wouldn't hurt you, but now you're in a situation where there's urgency and you need to resolve this pain. And that's true of pretty much, uh, every aspect of life.

Generally speaking, people will do more to avoid pain than they will to gain pleasure. Number 11, people care more about themselves most of the time. So I'm not suggesting here that the world is made up of selfish people, but what I am saying is that we are a self preserving species, and we are wired organically to preserve ourselves first, even if we truly love and care about other people. Like, it's, it's the old adage of if you're on a plane and the oxygen masks come down, like you gotta put your oxygen mask on first because you can't help anybody else if you're not alive. And so, uh, that's part of what I mean by that, uh, uh, when I, when I say this, but when I, when, when, when, as it relates to marketing and as it relates to ultimately persuading others to trust us, uh, to invest in our products and our services and our solutions, really what I mean by that is like, we're ultimately trying to solve problems or fulfill desires, uh, for our clients and customers.

And so the key is that in doing that, in, in, in communicating, crafting a message that demonstrates how we do that, the messaging needs to be about the prospect, not about you. And I see this all too many times with business owners, where the entire business is centered around them. Uh, instead of it being around the prospect, um, I see this like really running rampant in like the personal training world. Like some of these personal trainers, like you go to their website and it's a million pictures of them where if you go to their Instagram, it's like a million. Every picture on the Instagram, uh, is about them.

It's a picture of them and their weight loss journey and their fitness journey. And that's fine. Like from a credibility standpoint, if you're trying to show people that you've achieved the goal that they're looking to, to achieve, right? You've achieved the outcome. So you can now help them achieve the outcome.

But what would resonate more with those people is if they saw all of the outcomes that you helped their client, helped your clients achieve. Because now, not that, that not only proves that you can do it for other people, right? Just 'cause you could do it for yourself doesn't necessarily mean you could do it for other people. This supports the claim that you can, but also what's likely to happen is your prospects are likely to begin to identify with your other clients. They're gonna see themselves in those people.

And because they care about themselves as it relates to solving this problem or fulfilling their desire, that helps them do that. Lesson number 12, people are emotional first and logical Second, I talked about this earlier, so there's really no reason to reiterate it. What I will say is that the best marketing campaigns and communication, uh, integrate both emotion and logic. I think it's a mistake to only, uh, try to persuade people leveraging emotion. And I think it's also a mistake to only rely on logic.

I think you have to have both of those things, um, in play in order to truly resonate with people. Number 13, people respond more to the way a message is presented than to the actual message itself. So there's an age old, uh, research study that was done where, uh, the researchers asked people how fast a car was going when, uh, so these people witnessed a car accident, and the wave at the question was framed had an impact on the way the people answered the question. So for example, when, uh, when they asked how, how, you know, how fast were the cars going when they crashed? They may say 50 miles an hour.

When they say, how f how fast were the cars going when they collided, they might say, 70 miles an hour. When they say, how fast were the cars going when they smashed into each other, they may say 80 miles per hour. I don't remember the exact, um, numbers, but every single time that the word was changed. So one word was changed in that question, it impacted the way people responded to that question. And remember, this is supposed to be eye witness testimony, right?

So you would think that they're gonna rely on their memory and their reason and their rationale and their, uh, logic, but they don't. What they do is they allow the way the message is framed to influence the way that they respond to the message. So changing a word is one way to, uh, change the way a message can be perceived, um, in person. You can do this by changing your tonality. So think about this statement.

I didn't say he hit his wife. I didn't say he hit his wife. I didn't say he hit his wife. So every time I change the tonality of a word in that statement, it changes the way that that statement is perceived by the listener. So this is why it's super important to be very clear and intentional about how you want your message to be perceived, and then rigorously editing it to ensure that the message is delivered, uh, in the way that you want it to be received.

Lesson number 14, you are being judged. The reality is you are being judged. I'm being judged. Every single one of us is being judged. The the age old statement, don't judge a book by its cover.

Well, if that were true, we would see nothing but ugly plain book covers in the world. But the reality is most people do judge books by their covers. Most people judge things immediately. This is something that is, this is a survival mechanism that is hardwired into us. You know, thousands of years ago when we as a species, um, really had a much tougher time surviving, we had to be super vigilant of our surroundings, right?

We had to watch out for threats from animals, from other human beings. Uh, there was a time where language didn't exist, like verbal language didn't exist, and so we communicated non-verbally. And so a lot of these things are still hardwired into us, and that's why it's been said that many, most people, they subconsciously judge someone when they are introduced to them for the first time. And it usually happens in the first five to seven seconds, right? And the key here is that it, it's happening subconsciously.

And so as an expert communicator, as someone who wants to be good at persuasion, as as someone who wants to be an effective marketer, you have to know that everything that you put out into the ether is going to receive some sort of judgment. So that's why you have to be intentional about how you present yourself, how you present your product, your service, how it's positioned, um, the environment. Again, going back to what we talked about before, the environment that you, that you communicate with people in or from, all of that is being judged. And the reality is, like, it might not be fair, but that's the way it is. And you, you have two choices when it comes to human nature.

You can fight it and resist it and deal with the consequences, or you can understand it for what it is and leverage it to your advantage. Lesson number 15, people see the same things differently. So it's been said that if you hold an apple up to a room full of like 20 people, every person will perceive that apple slightly differently. And so this is an apple. This is something that's pretty objective.

Like most of us know what they look like, what they taste like, what they feel like, and yet everybody will perceive that apple slightly differently. And so really what this has to do with it, it has to do with a concept from the NLP world called the map is not the territory. And so really what this means is that each one of us is using mental maps to make sense of the world, which is the territory. So the same way that a physical location Will look different than the digital representation of that physical location on a map, uh, the same is true for the way humans perceive the world. So again, if I'm looking at, you know, I'm heading out to, to Washington DC tomorrow, if, when I look at that location on Google Maps, right?

That's a digital representation of the location that I'm going to. But when I actually get there and look around, right, the, the physical location is gonna look vastly different than the digital digital representation. While this is the, the same is true for the way human beings make sense of the world. We use mental maps to make sense of the objective reality, which you could argue is, is a, is reality even objective if everyone is seeing it subjectively different. Uh, but the point is that people can see the same things differently.

So why does this matter when you communicate? Well, again, it goes back to knowing as much as you can about the people or the person that you want to persuade or effectively communicate with. Because once you understand the way they see things, you can frame and articulate your message in a way that they will be much more receptive to number 16, people are more likely to justify, um, sorry, to comply with a request that is justified. So there's the, uh, age old study in, uh, in the book influenced by Dr. Robert Cialdini, where, um, they, they ran this experiment where they had a bunch of people waiting in line to make, uh, photocopies.

This is back when, you know, copy machines were a big deal. And they wanted to test the response that they would get from the people waiting online again, by reframing the way they asked the question. So essentially what they did was they put a girl on this line and they, they, she asked people on the line if she could cut ahead of them. And depending on how she framed the question, the amount of people that actually said yes to her was drastically different. So when she said, Hey, can I cut in front of you?

Right? A very small amount of people let her go. When she said, Hey, can I, uh, can I cut in front of you because I'm in a rush? More people let her go in front of them. And then she said something like, um, Hey, you know, uh, can I cut in front of you because I'm in a rush?

Because I have to make some copies. Even more people let her go ahead. But the reality is, if you think about what she said, she said, can I cut ahead of you because I'm in a rush because I need to make some copies? Well, because I need to make some copies, isn't really a justification because everybody on that line needs to make copies. But it's the use of the word because, so because is directly linked to a, uh, a feeling of justification or legitimacy.

So when you use the word, because it makes the, uh, the person whom you're communicating with feel like you're justifying or legitimizing the request. Well, she used the word because twice, can I cut in front of you because I'm in a rush because I need to make some copies. So because she used the word, because twice it almost feels like she's even that much more, um, justified in having that request, um, having that request given. But the reality is that she's not more justified, but it appears that she is. The point is that people are more likely to, to comply with a request that is justified.

And this, this is why if you run a, a time sensitive promotion online in the marketing world, it usually will work better when it's tied to some sort of a holiday or world event, you know? So, um, uh, a Black Friday sale will always outperform the same sale on a random March weekend because of the legitimacy tied to the Black Friday. Um, holiday lesson number 17, as much as 55% of your message is communicated non-verbally. And so if you're only using written, uh, in your communication, then this wouldn't apply to you. But if you are using both written and verbal, uh, and non-verbal, right?

So if you are, for example, if you're communicating your marketing message in a long form sales letter, well, all you have is, is written, uh, communication, right? But if you are communicating, using a video sales letter, which involves written communication and verbal communication, well now you need to pay very close attention to your verbal communication because the written communication is going to be impacted by your vocal pace, by your tonality, by your rhythm, by your volume. That's why there's so much nuance when it comes to things like video sales letters, because once you, once you introduce the verbal aspect of the communication that's going to impact the messaging, well, if you are now doing a talking head video where let's say you're reading a written communication, right? Or maybe there's written communication that's appearing on the screen as B roll, and you have verbal communication, but now it's also you visually appearing, well, now you've introduced a third aspect of communication, and this is arguably the most important part because now the majority of the message is actually going to be communicated nonverbally, meaning the part of the message that your audience is going to be paying most attention to is not the written, and it's not the verbal. It's going to be your body language.

It's going to be your gestures. And so this is really important, right? The key lesson here is that if you're using written, verbal, and nonverbal, the nonverbal is going to get the most attention. If you're using verbal and nonverbal, nonverbal is gonna get the most attention. So the only time I would say, uh, you don't have to worry about this, is if you're not using, uh, verbal or nonverbal, if you're strictly using written communication.

But if you are right, once you introduce verbal, people are gonna pay more attention to that than the written. And once you introduce nonverbal body language and gestures, they're gonna pay more attention to that than the verbal lesson Number 18, people follow the group. As marketers, we know this, this is the reason why social proof works so well. The reality is when folks are unsure of what to think or what to do in a certain situation, they typically look to see what the majority of other folks in a similar situation did. Number 19, people make decisions using rapid subconscious shortcuts.

Again, we talked about this before. Uh, there's a name for these shortcuts. They're called heuristics. Um, that's the fancy word for them. But ultimately what it tells us is that as humans, we need to preserve our, uh, cognitive resources.

And so if we had to consciously think and weigh out every single decision that we made, uh, we would become mentally exhausted. So we have two kind of, uh, processing routes that we use, um, to do this. And so in using these two different processing routes, right, which are the central and the peripheral. So the central route is when we're locked in analyzing, scrutinizing, paying very close attention, uh, to make a decision. So this could be like when you're with a really big decision, like maybe hiring someone, making a big business decision, um, a life impacting decision, like getting a mortgage or something like that.

But for the most part, we use what we call the peripheral route, which is where, again, in order to preserve cognitive resources, we're making rapid subconscious decisions. Well, you as the marketer, as the master communicator, as the persuader, once you understand this, you can leverage the, the fact that people do this in your marketing with things like scarcity, urgency, um, liking, um, commitment and consistency, right? A lot of the different triggers that Sini talks about in his book Influence, the reason why they work is because people make decisions using rapid subconscious shortcuts. And number 20, again, this is from the world of NLP, which is the meaning of all communication, is the response that it elicits. And so this is true of, uh, marketing.

This is true in relationships, this is true in social settings. The meaning of all communication is the response that it elicits. And this is something that all master persuaders and communicators understand. Essentially, what it means is that if you want to become a master communicator and a master of persuasion, you need to take full accountability over the communication cycle and the outcome. Meaning, if in your heart you have an intention to communicate one thing, but the person or the audience is responding in a different way, you have to own that.

You have to realize that it doesn't matter what your plan was, what your intention was, what your meaning was, the the meaning of that communication is based on the response that it elicits. And so once you begin to understand that and own that, it puts you in, uh, it puts you in a position where you start to think more critically about how you want to communicate what you want to say in your marketing message. Uh, is this the right headline? Is this the right lead? Am I targeting the right people?

Am I framing this the right way? Uh, did I make an airtight logical and emotional argument that proves that I have, uh, the best solution, right? Because the meaning of all communication is the response that it elicits. Um, so hope you guys enjoyed this. Hope you got some value from this.

Again, these are, uh, the 20 fundamental lessons that I've learned that I believe are super important and critical when it comes to understanding how people are persuaded. Uh, that's it for today. I'll see you guys next time. God bless you all.
