---
title: "Todd Brown KeyNote"
date: 2022-06-24
duration: 50m
duration_seconds: 3050
vimeo_id: 723559370
folder: "T1| BTH22 Sessions"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Todd Brown KeyNote

**Date:** 2022-06-24 | **Duration:** 50m | **Folder:** T1| BTH22 Sessions

---

So we're going to talk about an interesting topic in in this presentation. I'm going to share with you kind of one of the this is a deep presentation. And so you're gonna there's gonna be elements of this that you're going to want to and need to ponder and think about how this applies to your marketing. One of the things that I would share with you is something that I've shared before which is that Dan Kennedy quote of that, right? It doesn't take a genius to see or to believe why something doesn't apply to your marketing or to your business.

The Real Genius is looking at things and asking yourself. How does this apply? And so what I'm going to share with you today is is deep and will require you to kind of ponder and think about don't dismiss it. I want you to I want you to take this and I do really want you to think about it and that's really my aim in this first presentation is to give you Thing to think about something that I do almost intuitively in our in our marketing and this is extraordinarily powerful. Now, I want to give you a little bit of context.

I want to kind of give you a couple things to be aware of before we go into this. First of all and many of you have heard me say this time and time again, That marketing and selling are not the same activity marketing and selling are not the same activity. They have different objectives. Right and there are different strategies at play. I'm sharing that with you because online one of the biggest mistakes that I see entrepreneurs marketers copywriters make is conflating the two activities.

They talk about sales funnels and marketing funnels. They talk about selling online and marketing online as if they are the same thing and they are not the same thing, right? It was Peter Drucker the greater the greatest management Guru, right ever who said that the job of marketing the objective of marketing is to make selling Superfluous to make selling unnecessary. Meaning really what Peter was saying was that when you do marketing, right it sets up the sale right? Like it turns your prospects desire for a result into demand for your product.

So when Marketing is done correctly, right it perfectly sets up. The sale selling is what you're doing. When you are talking about your product when you're talking about your offer when you're talking about the features the advantages the benefits the price the terms the the guarantee, right all of those things that is selling and there are times when you are going to have a sales campaign right when you use let's say a direct offer and offer lead and right you're doing a buy one get one, right and you don't need a big idea. You don't need a unique mechanism you're talking a high awareness prospects and you're going you're going right for it. Right?

But what what I love and where the majority of scale in a business comes from is in marketing is in marketing, right? So there is so Rob had mentioned and I know that Joel is a pro at this. He's been doing it for a long time. You know, there is you guys know the awareness pyramid, you know that there are different levels of awareness and And depending on where folks are at it's going to ultimately determine kind of the type of campaign that we create and where we start and and all that. It's interesting because the high level of awareness people the people let's say in Rob's case that are interested in having a book published and that wants somebody to help them right that's more of a it can be more of a sales presentation.

But the scale the scale comes from marketing. You'll understand more about this in in just a second. I'm sharing that with you really I'm laying this Foundation because what I want you to understand is that what we're gonna be talking about is marketing. I'm not talking about selling here. I'm talking about marketing.

I'm talking about right shaping your prospects perspective to lead them to want your product. That's really what I do. That's what I love to do. I love to do it because it gives us the ability to communicate with the majority of the market and move the majority of the market to want to buy even the people that aren't in the Market right now for your product to take those people and be able to lead them to want to buy your product gives you monster scale. That's why a company like the Agora companies is able to generate so many buyers because they're talking to people at the bottom of the pyramid not the top of the pyramid the top of the pyramid is the easy people the top of the pyramid right is the is the easiest funnel to to create it's also typically the highest performing right?

It's the highest performing because those are people that are at the highest awareness level but it's also the smallest Universe the biggest Universe of prospects happens at the lower levels of awareness that requires marketing that requires talking to the Prospect and shaping their beliefs shaping their perspective shaping their understanding installing certain beliefs that we need today. I'm going to talk to you about what I call right the moment of truth leading your prospect to this very this very unique. Point in time where they are faced with a Moment of Truth a moment of truth that requires really them to satisfy an emotional yearning by responding. I'm going to show you that today. I'm going to give you this thing to to think about the other thing that I want to mention before we dive in I said laying some groundwork some context for you.

Is that look there are marketing truths just like there are selling truths that there are marketing truths that apply in certain circumstances and not others. I'm sharing that with you because right you have to be careful that you're not saying. Yeah, Todd, I I get that but you said this right like you said this and doesn't that contradict each other and right there are things there are marketing truths that apply in one circumstance that may not apply in another. Let me give you an example. So we just talked about this this, you know, an offer lead everybody knows what an offer lead is right and offer lead is really the most direct lead.

The lead is the first 350 400 500 Words of a campaign. It's how you open up the campaign. The most direct is an offer lead when you're leading. The offer and let's say we were leading with a buy one get one free. Right or let's say we were leading with you know, a 90% discount.

Well in that case I would tell you right because of that context because it's an offer lead. We want to like put the put the word free put the word discount right up in the deck copy like open up with the offer. But if we were going with a more indirect lead a story lead we're talking to lower lower level awareness people. I would say do not do that. You're not going to put the offer in the right because then it's no longer an indirect lead.

Now. It's a direct lead. So a truth or a principle that applies in one context may not apply in another context and that is extremely important for you guys to understand so you have to recognize that there are there is context and context dictates what is appropriate and what is not appropriate and so just because something might seem to be contradictory doesn't mean that it is you have to ask. What is the context that we're talking about when we're talking about a strategy or a tactic? With that being said let's let's talk about engineering This Moment of Truth.

So creating a change in perspective is what creates the conditions for a change in Behavior. See the very first thing that I want you guys to understand is that if you want somebody if you want somebody to change their behavior, if you want somebody to do something different from what it is that they've been doing up to this point, you have to create a change in perspective a change in perspective is what leads to a change in Behavior There is almost never a change in Behavior without a change in perspective. There's always a realization. There's a new belief. There's a new identity.

There's some shift in perspective that people have that leads to the the willingness to change Behavior. And so we are really right. Ultimately we are when we are when we're selling folks on. A solution on a product on a service on a training where ultimately asking them to change their behavior right in some form or fashion. We're asking them to do something different right?

We're not selling more of the same. We're not saying. Hey, I'm gonna sell you a product and you're just gonna keep doing the same thing that you've been doing right? We're not that's not what we're selling. Nobody in here is selling that you have to understand that we're asking prospects to make a change and so in order for us to to stimulate that change we need to bring about a change in perspective.

Right and this happens all the time in life when we make a decision to change things, right? If somebody has this realization that wow, I really let myself go and so now it's time for me to change my diet or right. I've really gotten myself wildly in debt. Now. I need to you know to implement a budget or something like that or you know, wow, I'm behind in payments on my house.

I need to I need to figure out how to make extra money right that change in perspective that change in belief that change in understanding is needed for somebody to make a change in Behavior. This is an important point that you guys really need to understand that a big part of what it is that we do is Shifting prospects perspective. It's changing their perspective is giving them different beliefs than the beliefs that they have coming into our campaign a different understanding a different Viewpoint. They're seeing the world differently and you're gonna understand Specifically what I mean in in just a second. You got to understand that conflict drives choice and choice drives change.

Conflict and you're going to see this is this is important because you're going to understand how the moment of truth is this point of conflict in the prospect's life. I am going to intentionally try to create an internal conflict for the prospect in their perspective. An internal conflict that that makes the out the the solution to that conflict that easing of that conflict taking advantage of my offer in other words. So I am going to intentionally create a conflict in their mind right an emotional psychological pain point because conflict drives Choice when you when you are faced with conflict you look for choices. There are choices to get out.

I either stay in the conflict or I make a change right and so conflict drives choice choice drives change. Ultimately what I want you to understand is that what what I'm really talking about the way that my mind thinks about marketing is that there are two perspectives. There is the now perspective the perspective that the prospect has coming into the campaign. There are certain beliefs that they have coming into the campaign there. There's a certain understanding what they believe is their problem.

What they believe is the right solution. What they believe is the wrong solution what they believe is best practice what they believe they need to do to to reach their goal. That's the now perspective but then there is a New Perspective that I need them to have that New Perspective ultimately is right that that they absolutely need to make a change in what it is that they've been doing and the change that they need to make is the change that I want them to me and they're able to make that change by taking advantage of our offer. Right. And so I just want you to understand that there are these two sometimes there are these two perspectives that usually butt up against each other.

In other words, right? You have to understand there's a perspective that they have coming in and I'm gonna show you them. I'm gonna give you an example from E5 I'm gonna give you one simple example, but there's a perspective that they have coming into the campaign. There are certain things that they believe coming into the campaign. There are certain things that they think are true or is true coming into the campaign and then there are things that I need them to believe are true.

I need them to understand. I need them to see in order to get them to buy. And so I'm dealing with this now and New Perspective remember that it's all about shaping perspective change action comes from a change in perspective. Right getting them to act getting them to respond has to begin with a change in perspective. Now.

Remember we're talking about marketing. I'm not talking about sales if you're offering a buy one get one free. You don't need to change in perspective. Right? Like if you have an offer lead, it's all about the quality the offer it's all about how much of a no-brainer it is, right?

I'm not talking about that in this context. I'm talking about marketing. I'm talking about shaping the frame shaping perspective shaping understanding to lead them to see I need to make a change. The change that I need to make is exactly what Todd is saying therefore. The best thing that I can do is to take advantage of the offer.

to change what people do You have to change how people see. Right. I said this just another way to say the same thing that I've said five times already. Right to change what people do you have to change how people see and this last part right? You have to change how people see is that the foundation of marketing the marketing that we do the E5 method education based marketing ebm content, right?

You've heard me talk about evm content, right? Well, ultimately that ebm content that education-based marketing. What is it? What is the objective? What are we trying to do?

What is the intention the intention is to change perspective. To change what people see to change what people understand to change how they view the problem to change how they view the right solution to the problem to change right how they're viewing what they how they're viewing what it is that they've been doing up to this point and what it is that they need to do to reach the goal. I need to change their perspective to get them to make a change in how they've been doing things so that they see the value in our solution and act on it makes sense. Told you it was deep. I think the right perspective whizbang stuff right with it.

There you go. the right perspective created for the right. There's a lot of different perspectives that we can create. You know what I mean? Like right there's an infinite amount of different perspectives that you can you can lead somebody to right.

This is all done intentionally. Like I I start with and I'm down to talk about this individually with you guys afterwards. I always write I go into the creation of the campaign understanding. What is the perspective what is the right perspective that I need this Prospect to have so that they see our offer our solution as the absolute best answer as the answer as the thing that they need to do. Ultimately right?

Really what I want you what I want you to understand is that in an Ideal World. I I don't want my solution to be a want. I want it to be a need right? I want the prospect to look at this as right. If I don't do this the likelihood of me succeeding is Slim because they now have this New Perspective right?

So I'm trying to I don't I don't want it to be a want. I don't I don't just want prospects to say this would be cool to have right or this would be better. I want them to see our solution as a need as a necessity as without this the likelihood of success is slim to none. And so I'm sharing that with you because that's the right perspective right? We're gonna break this down more.

And so you're gonna you're gonna understand. I'm just laying the groundwork for you. The right perspective created for the prospect leads to the moment of truth. Leads to the moment of truth that moment of truth again as you'll understand is that point of internal conflict where it they either they either if they don't respond to our offer, they're gonna walk away with massive cognitive dissonance with this emotional pain because they realize they're on the wrong path or they can satisfy that emotional that internal conflict by responding to the the offer the right perspective leads your prospect to This Moment of Truth. This Moment of Truth that causes this pain where they can satisfy the Pain by responding to your offer or continue on with this emotional pain, in other words, I am intentionally creating internal conflict if they walk away from the offer without responding I want them to have to hold on to that internal conflict, right?

So it's not just like a I can walk away and feel okay, or I can respond and feel better. No, no. No, it's that's not it I don't want them to be able to walk away and feel okay. I want them. I want them to be at this Moment of Truth where right I walk away and now man like I got to accept that.

I'm on the wrong path. I'm doing the wrong thing. I'm addressing the wrong problem trying to use the wrong Solutions or I can take this action and money right and money and I'm there. I've nailed it. I want that internal conflict.

That's the Moment of Truth the right perspective created for the prospect leads to The moment of truth. Let's just call that right for right now. Let's call that right perspective the persuading perspective. Right. It's it's not and I say I'm calling it persuading perspective for this in this context because again, I want to reiterate that I am doing this strategically.

I am starting with what is the perspective that I need them to have so that they see our offer as a need as the answer as the only answer. Right as a need as the solution as the only answer and so I refer to it as a persuading perspective because it perfectly sets up the sale. Right, it perfectly sets up the sale. The persuading perspective then like I said creates This Moment of Truth and forces your prospects forces your audience to make a choice. They either say right I'm gonna give up what I believe to be true about myself about the world about my problem about right another words in this context.

They're saying I'm willing to put what it is that I thought was the truth aside and accept this new truth. Right? Like I'm willing to recognize that I was wrong in what I thought was the problem right? I was wrong and what I thought was the issue like right that this is a good thing. This is a positive thing mature individuals are able to recognize when I was what I thought was the issues not the issue.

This is really the issue. Right, and so it's going to force them to to either give up what they believe to be true and accept the new truth, which is ultimately right part of what it is that I want. It's going to give up how they've been looking for the answer or solution. In other words, right? When when you have give you an example of this if I can so when you think the problem is a and a slash one is the perfect solution to that.

And then you realize that a isn't the problem you then have to be willing to give up a slash one solution right? Another words. If you think that your problem the problem in your marketing campaign, if you've got a marketing campaign and it's not converting it's not right. It's not converting and you think the answer is let me spend more money on traffic. Therefore.

I'm going to go out and I'm either gonna learn how to drive more traffic or I'm gonna hire an agency and then you realize that more traffic right? That's not the problem. That's not it's not a lack of traffic that that's the cause of why you're not converting right? Then you are willing to no longer role with a traffic training or a traffic agency when you recognize that the problem is a different problem than what you thought that should lead you to recognize that the solution that you thought was the right solution is not the right solution. Does that make sense?

Yeah, you sure. And so right that's a great thing. That's a sign of maturity. Right? That's necessary.

There are a lot of people out there that right. They they refuse to accept that they will not they will not accept write that I'm they think no. No, it's the answer is I need more traffic like the answer is I need more traffic. It's got to be that right. This is this willingness to forgo that or the moment of truth and you're gonna understand how simple this is It's almost like this big build up for this very simple way of doing this Moment of Truth.

Or right. I'm going to give up on what I want if I have a new perspective and I realize I could choose to just give up on my goal if I realize that in order to lose weight and get in shape. I'm gonna have to do X and Y and Z in the real problem is Elemental P. I might choose to accept that truth. I choose to change this or I might just choose to I don't want it anymore.

Like it's not worth it to me. I'm I'm out. And so right but what it doesn't do like when we lead them to This Moment of Truth and you're gonna see this you're gonna see it come together. It's very simple. It sounds a lot more complicated than what it really is what it what it doesn't allow them to do is continue as they've been on the same path without having significant significant cognitive dissonance another words.

I don't want them to be able to walk away and continue doing what it is that they've been doing and be like, this is cool. This is good. I do not want them to be able to do that. I want them to have internal conflict by recognizing that what they've been doing up to this point, right? The reason why they're struggling the reason why they're not achieving their goal right is because they're pursuing the wrong problem the wrong solution, right?

And this is the right problem where this is the problem and this is the right solution. I want them to have that recognition. So they either right will continue doing what it is that they've been doing with massive internal pain cognitive dissonance. Or they will respond. So I'm looking to create this internal conflict that makes inaction not acting on our offer emotionally painful.

Internal conflict is a conflict between what somebody wants their goal and what they believe to be true about themselves the world their problem, right the the solution that conflict puts people at odds with what they've been doing so far. I know I'm saying these things over and over just in different ways to try to get you to recognize right we're creating an internal conflict right that internal conflict it right. It causes an internal conflict because it puts them at odds with what they've been doing up to this point. So, how is this done? How do we do this?

By reframing the problem is something not currently being addressed by the Prospect and it's something that we have the only or best solution for. By reframing the problem. Right like by changing the frame of the problem right by showing that and and the reality is that this is what I want you to reframing the problem. Sounds like well, how do I reframe the problem? And what do I do and blah I would say that all of you in here have a unique perspective.

You can look at what it is that your prospects your Marketplace is doing and if I asked you why aren't they successful? Right? You're gonna you're gonna be able to articulate the cause the problem. I look at somebody's campaign. I look at the way that that some folks go about creating their campaign and it could be right that using E5.

It could be that they lack differentiation. They lack the right kind of differentiation. They're trying to differentiate with their own personality. They're trying to differentiate with their testimonials. But yet the only effect of way to really differentiate is with a USP or unique mechanism.

Any USP is extremely rare. Therefore what's left for you to do in order to differentiate effectively is a unique mechanism. Right? And so I introduce the and I'm shaping their perspective. I'm getting them to understand that it's not because your copy is in filled with enough adjectives.

It's not because you're not using enough benefits in there. It's not because you're not a great salesperson, right? It's because you've got no meaningful point of differentiation in your product. You need a meaningful point of differentiation. The only really viable point of differentiation for you to use is a unique mechanism.

And only when you have and demonstrate improve your unique mechanism, will you be able to generate sales significantly? See that is a shaping of perspective. That's also reframing the problem. Right? They thought that the problem was they needed better copy.

They need maybe more traffic. They need or in some cases it is they need to switch the funnel model, right? They need to it's the magic is in the vsl. The magic is in the webinar and I'm reframing the problem that that's not the problem the problem isn't that you're using a vsl. And you should use a webinar problem.

Isn't that you're calling it a webinar instead of calling it a master class. The problem is that you've got no meaningful point of differentiation. And here's what happens when you don't have a meaningful point of differentiation. And here is the only viable way to having meaningful point of differentiation. And here's what this will do for you and here's how it will impact your sales and that meaningful point of differentiation in the form of unique mechanism is what you need now at that point if I've done my job and I've LED them to that New Perspective.

I've created an internal conflict for them. Right because now they can leave and they can try to fix their problem obtain the results that they want by driving more traffic by using more adjectives in their copy by trying to write better copy right knowing that I just LED them to this New Perspective that you've got. No, you need a meaningful point of differentiation. So there's an internal conflict now right that internal conflict you could go on and continue doing what you've been doing even though you understand that that ain't it right or you can take action to satisfy to alleviate that internal that internal conflict and so right here, I'm reframing the problem. I'm taking right like and for each and every one of you in here you understand.

I believe that you understand the mistake the the problem the the wrong belief the wrong understand the wrong idea that your prospects have that are holding them back from being successful. In the majority of your markets, there is there are things that they think are the reason why they're not succeeding and those are not the right reasons, right? There are reasons why they're struggling or what they believe to be the right reasons and you know, those aren't the right reasons you are going down the wrong path and you're trying to find a solution you're hunting for a solution, right? That is a solution to the wrong problem. That is not going to get you where you want.

So I'm constantly right. What is the what's the wrong perspective that they have and what's the right perspective that they need that right perspective sets up the sale of what it is that we we offer. Does that make sense? The other thing that I want you to notice here. Is that reframing the problem is something not currently being addressed by the prospect right?

Another words. I'm reframing it to something that the prospect is not they don't they don't they are not addressing. They're not dealing with their they might not even be something that they are consciously aware of right for most people when I introduce them to the unique mechanism. It's the first time that they're hearing about the unique mechanism right for many. And so right they they weren't even aware of this idea of the unique mechanism.

They weren't even aware of the possibility of differentiating through how your product or or service works it is, right. So it is it's reframing what they thought was the problem to something different but at the same time and this is important it is right. We're reframing into a problem. That is something that we have either the only solution for or the best solution for so I love it when people recognize I have to have a meaningful point of differentiation. There are only two meaningfully meaningful ways to differentiate a USP or unique mechanism.

USP is extremely rare and hard therefore what's left to me is a unique mechanism and that's a huge part of what it is that we teach that's a huge part of the E5 method. I love it because it perfectly sets up the sale. You see that we reframed we changed their perspective. We reframe the problem to what it is that we could solve. Now look this could be done on unethically, right?

Like of course, right? You could read like this you could reframe a problem to whatever it is that you want you you could simply Take Your solution and just reframe the problem to something wildly different that only you can solve. I know that for most people the the big part of the real issue is they don't have a meaningful point of differentiation. You could do this use this unethically the point is that everybody in here is not going to do that. Right you you truly have an understanding of what your prospects are doing wrong of things that they don't see that they don't understand that they don't get it's your job to shape their perspective.

right, so they see what we need them to see and understand what we need them to understand and believe what we need them to believe so that they recognize our solution as incredibly valuable and as the only or best As only or best one of the best examples of this by the way, one of the earliest examples that I saw and I saw this work like clockwork, right? And I think Teddy you were part of this as well is how many of you read many many years ago Rich schefferin's internet business Manifesto. So that is that built a at the time I believe that really built the back of a 12. I believe a 12 million dollar a year coaching business back then it was like a 32-page PDF that today has been downloaded some 1 million plus times. This is exactly to the T what Rich did right at the time everybody was trying to figure out everybody was was dealing with all these new channels that were coming into play and all these new activities.

I now got to send out email. I got to write a copy I got to do this. I got to post here. I got to do content. I got to distribute.

I got to do press releases. I got to do pot, you know, all these different all these different things and and everybody was trying to figure out how do I get it all done? What is the key to getting it? All done? Right?

That is the problem is that I'm overwhelmed rich And he came along and he said no. No, that's not your problem. That's not your problem. Right and oftentimes the this reframing starts with something as simple as no. No, that's not the real problem.

That's not the problem. That's just a symptom. That is a symptom of the underlying problem. And he said the the real underlying problem is that you are operating as an opportunity Seeker. When you need to operate as a as a strategic entrepreneur your functioning as an opportunity Seeker when you need to be functioning as a strategic entrepreneur.

He reframed the problem the problem isn't that right? Your issue is not that you're overwhelmed your issue is that you're seeking out and looking for opportunity when you need to be strategic and then he went on to prove why that was the case and the difference between an opportunity seeker and a strategic entrepreneur. Now, I want you to understand that. What was he selling in the end? What do you think from what it is that I've set up to this point?

He was ultimately selling in the end if his whole kind of reframe and his whole perspective shifting was you're not right. Your problem is not that you need to figure out how to deal with all of these things. Your problem is that you're doing all of these things your problem. Is that your functioning as an opportunity Seeker when you need to be functioning as a strategic entrepreneur, where do you think he was leading people? Coach his coaching to do what to learn how to do what?

To become a strategic entrepreneur, right? So what was he doing at the time? He was the only one. There was nobody else that was selling any at like there was nobody else that was using that language. There was nobody else that was referring to it as opportunity Seeker strategic entrepreneur.

There was nobody else that was offering a coaching program that helped people become strategic entrepreneurs at that point. Right? And so he re-shaped molded their perspective to A New Perspective by reframing the problem that he was the only one who could solve beautiful Wow, that's strange. beautiful thing in motion Now I want you to just for one second. Think about what is the typical online marketer typical online entrepreneur do with their campaigns?

They don't think about any of this what they do is they just they try to use hyperbolic copy. We have the greatest steroid, like unbelievable tsunami traffic generation machine that'll flood your business every day with gobs of leads and right garbage, especially today and every day that goes by as the internet right grow and campaigns grow. That becomes worse and worse. Right, like people look at that enough. You know what?

I mean? Nobody's responding because they're excited about gobs of tsunami like traffic. This is the Difference Maker understanding the deeper psychology of what's at play, right creating an internal conflict. Think about the internal conflict that those people then had by the time you read that thing. You were like damn.

So what am I gonna do now? Right, I either go on and continue to operate like an opportunity secret. I mean, I I certainly don't know what it means to operate as a strategic entrepreneur. So it's not like even though I realize now thanks to riches reframe shaping of perspective that I need to be a strategic entrepreneur. I don't know how to do it.

Right. So what do I do? I got this now internal conflict. I can't leave. I can't put that PDF down and go on and be like, I don't worry.

I'm not gonna be overwhelmed like it's right. He created such internal conflict and that's why people bought in droves to use a you know, gobs of traffic gobs of sales. Make sense. Yeah. This is interesting.

I don't know how many of you have seen this before but this is an example of right how many of you know you halitosis by the way, can you these the old-time marketers were like ruthless look at some of these that halitosis makes you unpopular like don't offend others needlessly with your bad breath. They talk about you behind your back. I'm like, oh God that is painful. Um, the really interesting thing is that right Listerine created the hell ptosis, they invented and named this idea of halitos. Look at this.

Oh funny how it was later sold as a cleaner and cure for gonorrhea, which many of you now gargle with this now thing here wasn't it wasn't a runaway success until the 1920s when it was pitched as a solution for chronic halitosis, then obscure medical term that they popularized they name the problem halitosis, right? And then right they reshape. Doreen's new ads featured forlorn women young women and men eager for marriage but turned off by their mates rotten breath. Can I be happy with him in spot in spite of that just ruthless man, um unto until that time bad until that time bad breath was not conventionally considered such a catastrophe Listerine change that a Listerine did not make mouthwash as much as it made halitosis. They did not write it was all about they created reframed a new problem named it and then offered you the solution for it.

That's the same thing that rich did that's the same thing that we're talking about here in just seven years. The company's revenues Rose from 115,000 to more than eight million. Off the back of reframing the problem. Oh gosh. I don't know.

actually Yeah, that's in my next presentation. I'm gonna cover that how you do that? Um, right but that is such a great example, probably one of the more popular or most popular examples from the world of direct response of right the creating of the problem the reframing of the problem right reframing it naming it and being the one that has the the only solution for it. The reframe problem demonstrates why the audience hasn't found the answer or solution despite wanting it. So if you go back to Rich's example, right he's able to explain away the reason why hey despite the fact that you are a motivated entrepreneur motivated interview.

You want to build your business. You've been trying you've been working at this the reason why you haven't been able to solve this yet is because reframe problem because you're operating as a as an opportunity Seeker instead of a strategic entrepreneur. That's why you haven't been able to to be successful and that's an important point, right? You are really showing them that the root cause the real reason of why you haven't been able to get that goal is because of the reframed problem. What we're doing here now the rest of this really should be just self-explanatory for you guys.

Really the rest of this is just a demonstration of what it is that I said, we're really just introducing a new contrasting perspective yours that is still consistent with your audiences current beliefs. In other words. We're not trying to convince them of something altogether. Like I'm not I'm not trying to convince them that no, you don't need to do marketing. You don't need a campaign right?

It's still it's a different perspective but it still lives within their realm of belief. So I'm not trying to convince them like no, no, you know with a tablecloth and a pen you can be successful with your business. It's still within there area of belief and the simple right? It's people think the problem is X, but it's really why. That's people think the problem is X but it's really why go ahead.

Maybe emphasis on the solution. But the thing I'm thinking for example is in my audience. There are lots of people looking to solve their book Problem by maybe buying a course or getting involved in a coaching program which invariably absolutely fails. Yeah. So the way maybe to frame this they know they want to book a problem aware that they haven't been able to do it.

Yeah could be to kind of hate the problem is you're trying these other so it's deeper than that. Let me so right so you're talking about right? So and this is this is an interesting discussion. So you're talking about somebody is struggling to they're struggling to write a book right for whatever reason and we'll come back to that. And so they think that the solution is is a course, but the what I would ask you is why do they think that they're struggling to write the book like, why are they really strug?

To write the book right? Because the whatever Court like if if they if it was accountability, they would buy a course maybe for accountability. If it was they don't know how to write. Well, it could be a course that they're buying to learn how to write. Well, there is right.

They might have a they might have a belief that the reason why they're struggling is X and you say it's not X it's y and right and here's how you can take care of. Why right? So it's not it's not what you thought. It's not that right. You don't know how to write.

It's not that you don't know how to write. It's whatever it's something else. And so when we talk about the the problem it's kind of like this. So there are people that in our world that are not able to generate enough new buyers from cold traffic or right they're not able to convert from cold traffic. Well, okay, that's the kind of the outcome that they want is they want to be able to generate cold traffic a sales from from cold traffic but there's a reason that they believe is the cause of why they're they're unable to convert, you know to generate sales.

They might believe that that reason is I haven't found the right funnel model yet, which is a very common thing right? It's amazing. How amazing how in our world how people think that there's magic in the model right? They hear I I was talking about this the other day where you'll see an entrepreneur that goes that's at an event at a conference and they'll say hey Kev, you're you're blowing it up. Like what are you?

What are you doing? Kevl? Say, man. We I heavily on Direct Mail and they're like money. I'm out right like I'm going to do direct mail and right and they think you know, like what I don't you know, like there's magic in direct mail like it's not if your message is terrible.

Your message is terrible. It's gonna be terrible in direct mail. It's gonna be terrible on a webinar. It's gonna be terrible and zoom a bad Hook is a bad Hook is a bad hook, you know, it's I say to use the the book analogy until I until I get a better analogy like, you know, you're a bad Kindle makes a bad hardcover makes a bad paper back makes a bad audible. Like it's either a garbage story or it's not right and that's why a great campaign and effective campaign.

That's why you can take that campaign and you can use it in many different mediums. You can take a vsl and turn it into a long form sales letter which Agora has done and does all the time. You can take that long form sales letter and turn it into a book a log that looks like a small little, you know paperback book and it magically it works right now. There's nuances to Performance and conversions. Of course.

But you're not going to take a dud and turn it into a winner by changing the model or the medium. Right, you're not going to do that. And so right but yet it's amazing how many people think that right like, um, and so my point in sharing that is that Rob it's all about understanding so there is a result that they're not getting right but then there is a reason that they believe for why they're not getting that and it's that reason that they're trying to solve. So in other words, we're not getting enough new buyers. They might think the problem is traffic.

I'm not getting enough traffic. They might think it's I'm not getting good enough traffic. They might think it's I'm not using the right model. I need a lead gen campaign. They might think right.

It's my copy is in good enough or something like that or they might think you know, I'm in the wrong market, right? That's ultimately what we're dealing with right? So when I talk to people about when they're like, you know, not getting enough clicks on ads and nothing engagement on emails, right? I know for us, we solve that with the Big Marketing idea. It's because you have a weak hook you have something that's not emotionally compelling or intellectually interesting.

Right? And I'm gonna demonstrate that changing perspective reframing the Problem ultimately to something that we can solve that they can't go and get solved anywhere else. If I reframe somebody's perspective reframe the problem and shape the perspective to realize that the reason why you're not getting attention and the reason why you'll continue to not get attention is because you don't have a big marketing idea. And here's why that is true. And here's what will happen for you.

When you do have a big marketing idea and I shape that perspective and lead them to see that I have perfectly set up the sale because right there they're not going anywhere else to learn how to create the Big Marketing idea because they for the most part they can't go anywhere else to learn how to create a big marketing idea. And so right we're it starts with this people think the problem is X but it's really why we're not introducing new information here just a new interpretation, right? So I'm not like right see how it's a slight like slight s*** you we're not trying to tell them you don't have that problem. Like you don't you you know, you are you are getting enough new buyers. We're not changing it.

It's just this is you think this is the problem. This is the problem. Depending on the scope of your offer. Are you potentially doing this multiple times before making the sale? In when you say multiple times, are you talking about multiple times in a single message or you talking about multiple times over over an entire sequence like an entire follow-up sequence?

We'll say in an entire campaign leading to a sale right so. If you have an offer that's got a really big. Yeah, you're solving multiple problems at the same. Yes. The answer to that is yes.

So when we talk about the E5 method as a whole I could do that multiple times with unique mechanism, right? And that's why you're not you're not good. I could do that with with the big idea. I can do that with the offer. And so when it's complex like a big overarching framework the answer is yes.

Ultimately find the problem in your audience's perspective a new and contrasting way of seeing the world that consistent with their their current beliefs should be something that the audiences isn't necessarily already conscious of right? So I introduce the the unique mechanism. I introduced the big idea. Ask yourself. I'm really just I'm like restating the same thing seven different ways for you to try to just drive this home.

What's the problem? The audience doesn't know they have which is keeping them from experiencing the result or outcome. They want this is probably the most valuable question on here for you. Right. What is the problem that the audience doesn't know they have which is keeping them from experiencing the result that they want.

Because that's I'm gonna show them that you what you thought it was is really this. And here's why and here's the solution to this. This is another way of saying what I already said right despite. What most have been led to believe the real problem is. boom despite what most have been led to believe about traffic generation.

The real problem is this and I'm introducing a new perspective my perspective. And the thing to understand is this that it's the last thing I know that this was deep a lot for you to think about that. You know, everybody talks about everybody talks about emotion right emotion sells and right and yes people buy out of emotion. You have to understand. Yes people buy out of emotion but today right and what what the the sales Saying has been up to this point which I no longer agree with.

Is that people buy out of emotion? And then they look for reasons for facts to justify that buying decision, right? That's what's been said for years in the sales world people buy out of emotion. And then they look for justifications for rationalizations for facts for reasons. Excuse me to justify their purchase today.

The reality is is that people have an emotional desire for something and then they look for facts to support it and then they buy and so the thing to understand is that facts that demonstrate and support the validity of the New Perspective is what creates those feelings like. In other words is what creates the feelings of internal conflict of Desire. You have to be able to support right you have to again it goes back to this idea of your introducing a new perspective. You can't just you can't just introduce the New Perspective without support you have to be able to demonstrate a reason why it's true, right? Like I want you to write this down rtb.

Just write this down rtb and what rtb stands for is reasons to believe if you do not offer reasons to believe right when you say something don't another major mistake made by novices is right. They think just because they say it the other people are gonna believe it like just because you say this thing is great you think? Oh you publish it up there. This thing is amazing. Okay doesn't work.

That way. You have to provide reasons to believe goes back to what what most of you hopefully already know about education based marketing education based marketing is about making claims and then offering offering support offering proof offering reasons to believe when you in Is a new A New Perspective when you reframe the problem, you got to give reasons to believe you've got to support it. You've got to validate it and you validate it not with fluff not with right like it's amazing because many people say it's amazing and like and I feel it's amazing and you'll see it's amazing, right and that's all garbage. That's garbage. That means nothing that rolls off the back of prospects when you say this is easy, right?

Like I've seen I've seen it right when you say this is easy. Why? Why why is it easy to give me facts? Give me facts give me support give me evidence so that I can accept it understand that it's the facts that you give to validate the New Perspective that then create the feelings that the feelings of recognizing right the the creating the internal count all the feelings that we've talked about up to this point. You have to offer facts to support right that New Perspective.

something to think about Yes, good. Okay, cool.
