---
title: "John Mulry Day 1"
date: 2023-06-21
duration: 52m
duration_seconds: 3161
vimeo_id: 838132176
folder: "T1 | June 2023"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# John Mulry Day 1

**Date:** 2023-06-21 | **Duration:** 52m | **Folder:** T1 | June 2023

---

Do I wear this? Not when I'm presenting. Yeah, lots of, well, they're all yours, buddy. Well, I'm just gonna take and play with this for a while. Here's my very believable and compelling title of my presentation.

How Aliens from Tatin taught Me Their AI Secrets in less than 12 Par six. Any Star Wars fans, it's Possible. Second distance, rather Ask hand Solo. So here's the actual title. So how to use RPA and AI to create, optimize and scale ad campaigns and more in this new e new economy.

And I do believe we're heading into a new economy, which I'm tentatively calling the AI economy because it's, it's here, it's here to stay. It's not going away. So we have to either use it or lose it. So what we're gonna be covering today, and my main goal today is to really open your eyes to what's actually possible with rpa. And I'll get to what RPA is in a second, and AI and help fast track your ability to implement.

So what I'm gonna be sharing is a couple of recommendations and resources at the beginning that have really kind of opened my eyes and helped me think a lot differently about this whole new world that we're heading into. Then I'm gonna give a brief overview of what rpa, so RPA stands for, robotic Process Automation and RPA has been around for a long, long, long time. It's just now with ai, we're going to be able to use it in a way that is just fascinating and can fast track our ability to get things done and then fast track our abilities to step back from the things that we're doing that are taking up a lot of time that we shouldn't necessarily be doing. But now we actually take a step back and focus on the things that we should be doing in our business so we can use RPA and AI to help us with that. So then I'm gonna be talking about using RPA and AI over three different levels.

We're gonna be talking about like a level one, which is kind of like a basic level, and I'm gonna make, that's kind of akin to anybody ever see the movie Short Circuit. So it's gonna be akin to Johnny Five. He's a cool robot, but he's not gonna take over the world or anything. He's, he, you know, he is. Okay.

Then we have level two or p and ai, which is, anybody see the movie iRobot? That's sunny. So he's a nice guy. He's pretty cool. He's really, really smart, can do a lot of amazing things.

But again, he's not the the top guy. Top guy. Then we have level three RPA and ai, which is Terminator mode. This is Skynet, this is world domination. This is what's what we could be potentially heading into.

And it's what I'm putting a lot of focus on because it's, it's fascinating and it's, it's fast tracking so many different things so quickly that it's, it, it's mind boggling and it's changing so quickly. I'm, we're collectively thinking about a resource that we can create so we can help others stay on top of all these changes as, as quick as they're coming. Because it's not just you learn this once and then that's it done. You're gonna be constantly having to learn as this adapts and gets, gets better, gets faster, and gets more streamlined than everything else. So I'll be sharing some examples of each of these levels of what I've specifically been doing, not just, oh, this is a good idea.

It might work. I've been, actually, I wanted to actually take the, what I was doing and apply it into the real world as much as I could. And then, so I'll be sharing examples with that. So we'll start with the, the resources. And the first resource I wanna share is a podcast episode from the Diary of the ceo.

Anybody familiar with that podcast? It's the podcast. I actually hadn't watched any of the podcasts. This is the very first pod podcast episode of that I'd ever watched. Now, I can't stop watching them.

The guy is amazing, the guy who does the podcast. But this particular interview is with a guy called Mo Gadot, ex Google ex chief business officer, essentially pioneered AI in Google. And then when essentially what happened was when he started to see breakthroughs of what they were doing with ai, he left. He couldn't take it anymore because it was so scary to him what was happening. So he's gone out now on his own and he's, he's sharing his insights on ai and on that podcast episode, he, some of the stuff he shares is fascinating.

Some of the stuff he shares is excruciatingly scary at what potentially could happen. So if you're gonna start playing around with ai, highly, highly, highly recommend you watch that podcast episode. It's about an hour and a half. It's well worth watching. And one of the things he says in the episode that really struck me is, intelligence is not a bad commodity.

More intelligence is good. The problems in the world today are because of our limited intelligence. Our intelligence allows us to build a machine that flies you to Sydney so you can surf or limited intelligence makes that machine burn the planet in the process. AI brings the potential for unlimited intelligence on the threats of ai. It's not about its intelligence or unlimited intelligence, it's that we have no way of making sure it will have our best interest at heart.

Highly recommend you watch podcast, podcast, podcast episode, and then check out his book as well, which is called Scary Smart. It's, it's a pretty short read. You'll get through it in maybe in an afternoon if you have the audio book you'll get through quicker if you're driving or whatever the case is, highly recommend it. But there's three concepts he talks about in the book, which are the three inevitable AI is happening. AI is becoming way smarter than us humans and really bad things are gonna happen.

So there is a fourth inevitable, but I'll leave that for the book. So my whole thought on this is we don't know what the future's gonna hold with AI because it's changing so rapidly, but I'm all about making hay when the sun shines. So sun is shining right now and there's an opportunity to capitalize on it. So I'm all about capitalizing that why we can, because again, we don't know what the future holds. So before we dive in, has anybody seen my script shoe share workshop that, that Damian had mentioned?

So if anybody here hasn't watched that or hasn't seen it, it's available to you and I highly recommend you go through it. I mean, it's, it's pretty good when I recorded it back then stuff has changed, but the core strategies and concepts behind it hold strong today. So if you haven't, I mean it's a resource available to you. I would recommend you going through it. People, people are really enjoying it.

John, your crowd seem to love it as well. So they're, they're going through it as well. So, but I mean it's that the people are going, they love it and look, it's a resource, use it. And that's the actual sales page that we use to sell the bullet campaign. And AI created roughly around 75 to 80% of the copy on that sales page and highest bullet ever.

So like stuff, stuff is happening and stuff is working. So, um, I highly recommend going through that as well for, for what, Correct me if I'm mistaken, but AI is created 75, 80% copy used on that sales page, the highest converting bullet, and based on method that John teaches you in that, in that course. So you'll learn through that, through that course, how to do what produced that, that bullet campaign. Yeah, that's essentially what the course is. I applied it to video, but it's a, it's applicable to, to any medium really.

So rpa, which is the kind of the bulk focus of this presentation is around rpa because RPA is what's getting me really excited about ai, not the other way around. Like AI is obviously crazy exciting and lots of people are talking about ai, very few people are talking about RPA and how it applies. When you combine RPA with ai, that's when the real magic can happen because it's not you in there playing with chat G B T anymore. It's the robot of RPA or RPA doing it for you every 15 minutes, every hour, every week, every month, whenever you want it to be done. You're not in there writing prompts, it's doing it for you.

So that's what's really exciting. So robotic process automation is the technology that uses software robots or bots to automate repetitive tasks traditionally done by humans. The goal of RPA is to increase efficiency and accuracy, bring you up to focus on more complex and strategic tasks, the bigger thinking stuff that we should be doing in our business anyways, RPA can now eliminate a lot of that. And the reality is RPA is also in combination with ai, whether we like it or not, it's gonna eliminate a lot of jobs for people, which is gonna lead to lots of future problems, which in the, in like the not so near future, there, there are claims that we're making, like Todd talked about those, the people that can can't afford a thousand dollars emergencies that may become, they can no longer afford $500 emergencies, $250 emergencies. So we have to be cognizant of that and how the market's gonna change because of all these things happening as well.

So examples of RPA quickly before I get into actually concrete examples is we can use RPA to do web scraping tasks. Like there's a tool like data fetcher. Data Fetcher will go out to any property that's out there and it'll fetch whatever data you want and put it wherever you want and it'll do it whenever you want it to to be done. So we can gather data from websites, whether that's market, market research, competitor analysis, tracking ad performance across platforms or whatever we want it to do. We can also use RPA for data processing and analysis, so like analyzing clickthrough rates, conversion rates, and other ad performance metrics.

And I'll be talking a little bit more about this in a second when it comes to ad automated rules. And then we have bulk ad creation, which is creating ad creatives in bulk in a couple of clicks instead of having to manually create the ads yourself. So I'm gonna share an example of that right now. Um, so the tools I use mainly right now, and there's like Teddy's gonna be sharing tools and the tools are cropping up left, right, and center every single day. There's like 10 or 20 new tools.

I've really narrowed my focus on the tools and I wanted to get really good at the tools that I know that I can maximize to do the jobs I want them to do. So there's tons of tools that people keep saying, are you using this one, are you using this one? I'm really not. I'm trying to narrow my focus to the ones that I know can get me the result that I want them to get. So the level one tools, so the, the Johnny Five tools are w RPA is already within things like Canva.

AI is already in within things like Canva, RPA is in Facebook ads, Google ads and YouTube ads. And it has been for quite some time, it's just been buried in there, but now it's starting to be shown to the light because it's becoming really popular. The level two tools I'm using are essentially chat BT and J s o. So J S O N is a particular type of code. I don't know how to write J S O N, I'm not a J S O N expert, but I've been applying J S O N to chat BT because chat BT can read J S O N and it can pro produce outputs that just, you can't get from just typing in prompts.

And I'll be sharing an exa an actual example and a a, an actual fictitious business that was created and with complete steps in a little while that was all created essentially with this chat BT and json. Then the level three, which is the Terminator mode, is a tool called Make, which is used to be called Integra mat and without being hyperbolic, it's like Zapier and steroids. And it's, it's like it's, it allows you to do things in a way that like Zapier can, could never do and Zapier is like an entry level type of an RPA because it's like, it's a one step or two step automation, but you can with make, you could do a 500 step automation and it'll do it in sequence and no errors, no mistakes, and I'll just continue to do it. Then it's the, the second part of the level three tools I'm using is something like a, a database like Airtable. So a lot of people are probably familiar with Airtable.

I'm still like full disclosure when it comes to Airtable, I'm probably only using like five to 10% of what I can actually do, but it's st doing what I want it to do. And it's, it's just a level above using something like Google Sheets as your database and, and everything else. Then the level three from the AI side of things is I'm no longer using chat U B T, I'm using the open AI API integrations because that once they've opened up that API and you apply that API to something like Make that has thousands and thousands of API integrations, you can now apply AI to every single one of those integrations. So think about they have an integration with Keep, you can apply AI to your Keep, they have an integration with Active campaign. You can apply AI to Active Campaign, you can apply to all all Done through Make and I'm gonna share some examples of how that works in a few moments.

So first we'll talk about level one, which is entry level akin to Johnny five from short circuit. Again, nice looking robot, cool guy. He's not gonna take over the world though. He's, he's gonna be your friend and he'll get simple things done but don't, don't expect him to take over the world. So the first example I wanna share is bulk ad creation using two tools, which is chat, BT and Canva.

And the outcome that we're looking for here is the speed up, our ability to come up with headlines and test creatives cuz we always know we need to use test creatives. And specifically for you James, when you shared your presentation and how you're testing creatives and everything else, you could use this to just put that on and get it done so much quicker. So like the examples I'm sharing are like normal headline tests that we would do, but with your presentation, if anybody hasn't seen, uh, James's presentation that time in yaras presentation on the, on how you're doing testing apply to this and it, it could be insane. So how we do this is, there's an initial prompt that I use and the, I won't read through the full prompt, but the one thing I've just tweaked based on Todd's presentation and it's something I want to test, is, um, now start testing ai not as a copywriter but as a world class communicator. And that's, I just put that in right as Todd was saying it as like it was the light bulb moment for me.

Cause work constantly taking as copywriters, but the world doesn't think like that. We, the worlds don't think like copywriters, they're all about communication. So I wanna start testing it, not as a copywriter, as a communicator, but for this prompt when I created it, it was as a copywriter. So, but the main thing I want to focus on here is because the prompt is there and, and I'll give, I'll give anybody the prompts if they want them. So not gonna read through the whole thing.

But the one, the one thing I've highlighted there is I want you to organize these headlines into a table because another thing that chat c bt can do that not a lot of people recognize is that it has lots of ways of organizing the output. It doesn't just spit out the text, it'll organize it as a table, it will organize it fully SEO sig a for if you're doing any kind of SEO stuff. So I want it to be organized as a table because I'm gonna feed that table into Canva to produce the ads in seconds. So what, here's the prompt. So, and I'm just using, um, is Lucas here?

Yes. So I'm using simple scalable groups as an example of how we created these headline tests. So the prompt is, here's our offer. It's called Simple Scalable Groups. The main promise of the offer is X.

We need to test 21 headlines for this offer. Come up with, it should be 21, come up with 21 1 sentence headlines that are no more than 90 characters long. We'll be then putting these headlines into images in Canva. Come up with three examples for each of the following towards pleasure, away from pain, functional benefit, dimensionalized benefit, emotional benefit, logic, and testimonial one-liners. The goals of these headlines is to get people to click the image ad and be brought to the sales page to get the full marketing message on the offer.

I want you to organize these 21 headlines into a table. The table should be structured as first column, second column, third column, fourth column, fifth column. It produces the output in a table. We can copy and paste that table and paste it into Canva in the app section under book create. Then we go to the enter data manually in both in inside of Canva, we paste it, then we just have to sync up the data with a section in the headline and we hit generate.

And sometimes you have to do some resizing, but once we hit generate it, the ads are created in seconds using Chachi, BT, and Canva. Is anybody doing anything like this? That's awesome, Paul. Yeah, I mean the both create functioning, it's buried in there. It should be the first thing you see when you go into Canva.

But they have a buried, when you go into apps, you have to scroll down and the ads are just done just like that. Pretty cool, but still only level one Johnny five. So just quick questioning. When you drive, you're not doing any editing of the lines at all. You're dropping them All in there.

So you, well, no, like you're gonna retr them and make sure that the headlines are good and everything else, but you might have to do some minor tweaking. But with the prompt, generally speaking, what I'm find as I'm refining the prompts and making them better, you have to do less and less refining of the head headlines. If you just put in the Gimme 21 headlines, chances are you're gonna have to go in and edit the headlines and make them better. But as you refine the prompt, the the output is gonna be a lot better. So it's still only level one and, but I do wanna share another example of level, which is pretty cool as well.

And like I said, it's been around for quite some time and that's automated rules within your Facebook ads manager, within your Google Ads manager within inside of YouTube. And this speeds up your ability to optimize campaigns in both Facebook, Google, whether that search display in YouTube, because inside of Facebook you can set up a rule and multiple rules that will watch your ads while you're asleep. So say for example, with an automated rule, if your ads start to fatigue, you can set up a rule for when your ads are fatiguing to either turn that ad off to go in and tweak that ad to take that ad out and replace it with another ad. There's loads of different rules in there. I'm gonna share some examples of what those rules are, but even as cool as these rules are, they have some limitations, but it's still only level of one of what we could do.

And likewise with Google, we can set up rules. So say for example, let's say our KPIs in our YouTube ad is 20% view rate and a 2% click through rate. Um, if that drops, we can swap out that ad with another one automatically using a rule versus actually having to manually go in there, look at the result, no, that's not good enough, let's take that out and put in another one. We can now set up rules to do that automatically. So here are some example rules that we can use for Facebook, and some of these have a caveat, which I'll talk about in a second.

So we can turn off ad sets not getting conversions, we can scale budgets on well performing ad sets. We can pause low quality score ads, we can alert for under delivery duplicates, successful ads, rotate ads, increase ad frequency for high engagement ads. Um, you know, the, the full list is there. I want, don't wanna spend time talking about this stuff. As cool as this is, it's still only the tip of the iceberg.

And everybody's gotta get the slides, you'll see the full list of rules. If anybody wants me to walk them through how to set up these rules, I'm happy to sit down with you and, and look at your ad account and see what rules could be the best for you guys. Um, but like there's, there's lots of rules in here. Same with with Google, we can imp increase bids for high performing keywords, pause low performing ads, alert for performance drops, remove non-performing search terms, schedule ads for specific times, alert for disapproved ads, adjust bids based on devices, increase bids based on profitable locations. The cool thing about these rules is once we set them up, they're just gonna continue to run and we set the schedule five minutes, 10 minutes, an hour, a week, a month, whatever it is they will run.

And then that's in terms of like for an agency owner who's managing ad campaigns and it, it frees up a lot of time for me to focus on other areas in the business. It also allows us to maybe adjust our model a little bit based on what we're doing because now we, we've freed up efficiencies in our business. So now we, we can maybe take on more clients and adjust our overall because we can do better and work better and be smarter. It's still only level one. But there's a small caveat with these rules and what it is, is the rules that are specific to results as in cost per result, cost per acquisition only use those rules if you have your tracking nailed inside of Facebook and inside of Google, because if you're not using like a third party tool, like something like a Semetrics or a Hiro or a Wicked Reports, chances are your reporting's gonna be way off inside of, in the ads dashboard, whether it's Google or YouTube, it won't be as bad in Google.

So if you are gonna use rules where it says if CPA is below or higher than x, make sure that the the tracking is nailed you, I'd be more focused on the, the, the rules based around the ad metrics. Click through rates, they're not high enough, shut them off, put another one in. Things like that more so than the results because Facebook is just notorious right now for Overreporting or Underreporting. Like you, you might say you might see a hundred sales inside of Facebook ads and you check your Semetrics or check your CM and it's saying 20 sales, whereas Facebook thinks it's doing an amazing job and you set up an automated rule and the reality is it's doing a stinking job, it's not gonna work out so well. So just make sure that, um, with the automated re rules, if you do, do go down that route.

The last thing I wanna talk about in terms of level one is Google are really, really pushing in a big way right now. They're performance max campaigns. And what a Performance Max campaign is, is essentially RPA and AI together. You don't have to set up a Google campaign, a display campaign, a YouTube campaign, a shopping campaign, a Gmail campaign all separately. You set it up once and Google determines which one to show them.

If they're in Gmail, they showed 'em Gmail. If they're on YouTube, they'll show 'em YouTube. If they're in, if they're searching in Google search, they'll show them a search ad if they're on a website, they showed 'em a display ad and it, and like there, I spoke to a member of the Google accelerated team not so long ago and he said in not so on certain terms that in the near future they want everybody just using Performance Max. They don't want using the individual campaigns cuz it's just gonna make their algorithm so much smarter and so much better. And it's something that I'm wanna put a lot of focus on in terms of what we're doing for the agency from a Google and YouTube point of view because I, it's just heading that direction and it just makes sense to set up a campaign that includes all of these things than having multiple campaigns all competing for the same audience.

So it, it just doesn't make sense. So if you're, if you haven't used something like Performance Max, I would start looking at it and I would start exploring it because it's, it's only gonna get better and better and better. So that's level one. Level one is pretty cool. So let's talk about level two.

So level two is akin to Sonny from iRobot. So here we have an, this is an egotistical name akin to Benson. Some call in this section, muy ai, predictive content. Genesis, Way more out. Hey, it was available.

So, you know, so predictive content genesis and the tools used here is chat, BT and a custom json. And the outcome we're looking at is to speed up her ability to create avatars, lead magnets ads and more. And essentially what it does is it flips, flips, chat, bt on its head. So chat bt you go in there, you have to give it a prompt. With muy AI and predictive content, Genesis chat, BT is now the prompter.

And it prompts you, you don't do any prompting. It goes to you and say, okay, based on this, what do you wanna do next? What do you wanna do next? What do you wanna do next? It's not like gimme a prompt, gimme a prompt, gimme a prompt, and you get buried in loads of prompts.

The prompts are already in the J S O N chat, BT just guides you through the process of creating them. So how it works is, hello there, I'm Muller AI, your direct response marketing assistant. I'm here to help you generate creative, high converting content and strategic marketing insights based on your preferences and objectives. But first, let's confirm your current preferences, your name, your offer, your price point, your target market, the problem being solved at tone style. It seems that your configuration is not yet specified.

I'm here to guide you through this process. So what it's gonna do next is gonna say, well answer those questions. So you'd answer those six things and then it's just gonna guide you through the rest of the process. And what I'll eventually do, and I'm gonna be sharing examples of this in a second, once it guides you through, once you've answered those six questions, it'll allow you to create an avatar diary ideas for a lead magnet, break down that lead magnet, write that lead magnet, come up with benefits for that lead magnet, come up with landing page copy for that lead magnet, come up with a Google ad structure for that lead magnet. Create a Google ad campaign for that lead magnet.

Then Facebook ads, YouTube ads, Twitter ads, follow up emails, 52 newsletters, turn those newsletters into 52 pieces of video content. Turn those 52 pieces of video content into YouTube shorts and reels and more. And all you have to do is whatever you want you want to do, you don't do prompt, you just say, okay, I want the ideas for the lead magnet, just type in forward slash LMDs and it'll just get to work for you. So, um, the reason how this came all about is there's a backstory to this pre predictive content genesis. And what it is, is this is the backstory here.

It's a laugh and smiley face with Bitcoin eyes. So what it is, is I wanted to test what AI can actually do in the real world, not in theory, but what it could actually do. So I wanted to create a fictitious company and actually put this to work to see if, okay, it sounds good in theory and I've come up with loads of these prompts, but let's put it into the real world and see if it actually works. So I asked, I asked AI directly what it could actually do, and then when it told me what it could do, I said, okay, well go do it. And this is ongoing and this is in testing and I'm at about, you'll see at the stage I've got it up to, because I've been fine tuning this for the last couple of months while running the, the agency and everything else in between.

So it's been a process, but I'm gonna share exactly where I've got it to and where I wanna bring it to. So I said to ai, it was like the idea I wanted to do something in the crypto space that was my genesis of, okay, I'm interested in crypto. It's, you know, it's a, it's a niche that divides people. It's very polarizing. So I wanted to do something crypto space.

I also wanted it to be a little bit different and exciting. So I was playing back around with chat G B T and it said, what about a satirical newsletter and the cryptocurrency niche? It might be engaging and entertaining a way to explore the world of digital currencies, blockchain technology, and the ever-evolving crypto crypto ecosystem where constant changes, innovations and controversies. There's gonna be plenty of material for satire and humor. And I was like, okay, let's go with that.

You said you want to go with that, go with that. So then I was, okay, well what, what could we cover in this sandbox crypto environment? So exaggerated price predictions, humorous takes on new cryptocurrencies, parodies of well-known figures, satirical perspectives on crypto related news and using stories about the adoption of cryptocurrencies and, and everything else in between. So then I was like, okay, let's create a fictitious writer for this fictitious satirical newsletter. So we come up with Shana Sullivan, the witty Irish mastermind behind Crypto Crack.

He's a seasoned crypto enthusiast with a penant for a sarcasm and satire. And while he is not decoding the complex world of blockchain, he's crafting hilarious takes on the latest crypto news, making even the more serious topic, a delight to read, pour yourself a pint and let Sean guide you through the crypto universe with a smile on your face and a twinkle in your eye. So I was, okay, well what needs to be in this newsletter that I'm creating in the crypto space? So I was like, I didn't wanna come up with an idea for a newsletter format, I just asked AI and it gimme the format to use. So it was like crypto credit, this is exactly the format I need to use for the newsletter.

So then every newsletter I created in this, um, fictitious business, I just said, well here's the format. You go create the next newsletter and every single time it creates the newsletter exactly like that. So then this is how Crypto Crack was born, your daily source of crypto news served with the side of wi sarcasm and Irish charm. Subscribe below for laughs, insights, and a wee bit of banter. And just in case anybody know what doesn't know what crack is, it's an Irish term and it means good times, fun and debauchery of any kind.

Not to be confused with something you snort or the crack of your arss. What's the crack? Or we had wild crack. So then I was like, okay, I applied it to this, the methodology that I was going through, we need an avatar for this. So produce an avatar and then we needed lead magnets for it.

Okay, so like I want, this is the prompt I use for the lead magnets. So then I come up with some lead magnet ideas and I settled on this lead magnet crypto curiosity unlocking the secrets of the digital gold rush. So then I was like, okay, well then here's the lead magnet. What are the six to eight subtopics we should be covering in this lead magnet? It gave me the six to eight topics and I was like, okay, go ahead and write the lead magnet.

I wrote the lead magnet crypto curious unlocking the secrets of the digital Gold rush. The lead magnet's about 60 pages long. It's really, really good. Um, is it? How good is it?

Well, I'll give you a snippet from the copyright page. Copyright pages are usually really, really boring. This is the crypto crack copyright page, which is not so boring, but I'll give you an insight to how different this can be from an AI writing perspective. So you might be able to read this, so I'll read it out. The not so serious copyright conundrum, add a Joy is a copyright, a typically stern and stuffy section of any guide filled with legal jargon and threats of doom and gloom for those who dare to share.

But this is crypto crack and we're not your average one of the mill ebook. We actually couldn't give a blarney. If you share this women's a clue wonder with anybody in everybody, even that wild and wacky cousin of yours, you know, the one always causing a ruckus family gatherings and possessing an uncanny ability to find the most obscure conspiracy theories on the internet. Yeah, that one. But hey, if you're gonna spread the joy and introduce pesky freeloaders to the witty world of crypto crack, do a small favor, will you encourage those pesky freeloaders and lucky recipients to subscribe to are free.

And yes, we mean free newsletter where they'll get a regular dose of crypto crack goodness delivered straight to their inbox every single day. It's the least that they can do to keep the laughter alive and support our hilarious calls. So pass this on, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Different take on a copyright. But that's essentially how the lead magnet is written in this witty, whimsical, satirical take on crypto.

So then after that I was like, okay, I wanna start promoting this lead magnet. I'm gonna have to need an ad structure for an ad campaign. So I was like, okay, I've fed ai, this is how I normally structure my ad campaigns in Google for search campaigns. We use a c keyword strategy where we'd have 1, 1 3 or five seed keywords, and then from that we would produce thousands and thousands of keywords. So one keyword might be here in this example, this is an example of, um, um, for, for Matt Tommy, one of our clients, X top one member and says hello to everybody by the way.

So he, he's he's teaching Christian artists and I, I couldn't find the actual example from what I created for the actual guide, but I'll get back to that in a second. But his c keyword here is how to price my art. So from that, how to price my art, we're gonna get thousands and thousands of keywords is the best way on how to price my art, how to price my art. If I'm selling sculptors, how to price my art. If I'm selling miniatures or, or whatever the case is, we'll produce thousands of keywords.

So I fed my ad campaign structure to, um, the AI using the J S O N and it produced, let's go back here for a sec. It produced, okay, this is exactly what you're gonna do. It tells me your campaign name is gonna be JM search keyword seed art pricing ebook targeting 30 plus in, um, all devices usa. Your ad group name is gonna be name, keyword, the C word, how to price my art, 30 plus All usa the seed keywords you're gonna use are this, the negative keywords you're gonna use are this. And it goes on and does it for every single ad group that we're creating.

And it, that process used to take me about 30 to 45 minutes to do. Now it's done in seconds because the AI can do it for me and it's just freeing up my time to do more of the things that I should be doing and less things that's just monotonous, repetitive stuff that I normally had to do. And now I not now I don't have to do anymore, still needs to be done. But now RPA does it for me. So then we have, okay, I'm using Google search ads to promote the Crypto Crack newsletter.

The goal of the ads is to encourage people to subscribe for free. I need 15, 30 character headlines and four 90 character descriptions. The c keyword is crypto news. Make sure the text is in the voice of Sean, the lead expert and as witty, sarcastic, and satirical as possible. Boom.

Crypto News, Google Ads created in full by AI because boring crypto sucks Daily Crypto Smirks and smirks, hidden Alco Gems Ethereums quirky side Nakamoto en mass meet Crypto Crack, put these ads up on Google targeting my target audience based on the avatar, start getting leads, $5 a lead, $7 a lead, $10 a lead, but was getting leads from ads created by ai. Pretty cool. So then that's where I started to think, okay, well this is, I've been this, this is when I was doing it manually. I was like, okay, I've got to this point. I need to do one or two things right now.

First I was like, okay, I'm getting leads in this fictitious newsletter space in crypto, but I have nothing to sell them. So I was like, okay, I need an offer to monetize those leads. Cuz like right now I was just, I was spending my own money on traffic. Damian and Todd didn't even know that this was happening. I was, I was, see how good this is working.

So I was pouring my money into traffic and Google ads getting leads, but there, then it was just like, what am I gonna do with these leads now? I was like, okay, I could do affiliate offers, but I was like, no, I wanna use AI to create an offer. So that's what AI is working on right now. We've created a essentially a ridiculously compelling crypto glossary that covers everything you need to know about crypto in a way that's actually easy to understand and makes it funny, makes it hilariously and funny and compelling. When you're reading through, you're not reading a glossary, it's like, oh my God, that's so boring.

It's like, no, it makes it actually fun and easy to learn. And then I was like, okay, well I need some bonuses for this crypto offer as well. So get me the bonuses to use. And the bonuses that come up with is, um, a yield farming guide holding for Dummies, your ultimate guide to diamond Hands trading phase, how to read candle six charts without losing your Mind. The Grip Block Guru, your crash course in automated trading.

Um, step, step-by-step guide and setting up your hardware wallet. Lamb Bora Bust Practical Guide to Crypto Moonshots. I mean I won't read the, the, the subheads, they're pretty hilarious as well. The Crypto survival kit, the ultimate cheat sheet to navigating the blockchain jungle. So it's currently working on creating those.

Um, I'm hoping to relaunch the Google ads and test out this offer in the coming weeks just to see how well it does because I want to have real world data before I do the next step, which is turning this into a pro. Turn this process I've built into a product, software and offer that we can bring to the market and say, look, this is what it's done. Here's the proof that it actually does what I'm saying it does. And AI did it all. Do you want to buy the offer?

So it's either gonna be like a software offer, would it buy the software or it's gonna be, um, a training with the bundled of software, maybe a little bit higher ticket, but it's, it's an offer that I wanna roll out and it, I think it'd be perfect for the imprint. Um, and we'll have actual real data behind it. So then the, um, this is the, this is just it again, but then what it actually does is it does your market research, the empathetic diary entry, it'll come up with lead magnet ideas. It'll flesh them out, it'll write it, it'll do the landing page copy, it'll do fdf f d e benefit bullets, follow up emails. It'll structure the, the ad, the Google ad copy, Facebook ad copy, YouTube 52 follows, write the follow-ups.

It'll turn the follow-ups into BM content and it'll turn that BM content into shorts and reels. And it's about 75% ready to go. I still have to fine tune elements of it. Some of, some of are times it doesn't give it exactly the way I want it to, but that's what I'm working on fine tuning. And that's level two.

That's pretty cool. So now we're gonna get into Terminator mode, cuz Terminator mode is where it gets really exciting. So Terminator mode level three domination akin to Terminator Skynet. So here's where we're using rpa, ai and the ai, the APIs of any software tool you want to use. I'm gonna share specific examples, but essentially if any software you're using has an API integration, you can now integrate that with AI to have it do whatever you want it to do.

And I mean like whatever you want it to do. So the tools I'm using here are make Airtable and the, the AI API from OpenAI. So these are the three tools. Airtable and the, the really, one thing I haven't mentioned the really interesting about all these tools is they are dirt cheap. None of these $500 a month tools, you're paying like $10 a month max, $20 a month max for capabilities that are insane and like whatever open AI you're paying for tokens.

But the two and a half thousand word newsletters per crypto crack that I was producing and, and now producing costs you maybe three or 4 cent, how much would it cost you to get someone to write a two and a half thousand newsletter article? It's crazy. And now it's three or 4 cent, maybe 5 cent. Um, and what you're allowed to, what you can do now is you can integrate OpenAI their API with pretty much thousands of tools that are in the make marketplace and Make is the only one. There's other ones as well.

I just like, I really like make it was mentioned at, at the event that we went to and I was like, okay, that's the one for me. So I went down and started using that. But some examples of what we can do with it is I'm sharing some, I'm gonna share three or four specific examples, but I do want to also like, I I get this full disclosure already, like I'm at the beginning of implementing this, it's gonna change, and I haven't fully mastered this yet, but I'm intending on massing it because I think this is where we're going when we get API integrated with, um, ai. So some examples here is this is a very, very simple open AI API integration. So you take a Google sheet that has two columns, input output.

So let's say you have Todd, yours coming up with ideas like big ideas, ideas for product, ideas for this, ideas for that, let's say you wanted to, you, you have this Google sheet, so you could do with Notion, notion has a make integration, but let's, we'll just keep it simple. Google Sheets. Todd writes into his input column idea for X. When he does that make will notice that he's put in a new entry will go to open AI and he could say for example, run SWOT analysis on that idea. Every time he puts a new entry in open AI, go does a SWOT analysis and that idea.

So, so then he can go back five seconds later and is that idea any good? Well it'll just do the SWOT analysis. Well this is strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats on that idea. That's just one example I've been using this for, okay, for here's a, I wanna write a daily email from a newsletter. So every single, like in the evening based on the market, you go, okay, the topic for the newsletter tomorrow needs to be around Netflix crashing stocks after crashing, you put in Netflix, stocks crashed, blah, blah, blah.

Five seconds later that newsletter is done and Netflix crashing. And this is a simple one of you have an input, it generates a completion, the output. So some examples here is you can write your daily email or a video script so you have an idea for the video, you put it in there, then in the morning you wake up, it's fed, the script is fed to you because api, it's just feeding the AI and it's right in there. You can create ad group structures from seed keywords. You can run SWOT analysis on your ideas, like you mentioned.

You can create ad copy from concepts and you can also use it for non-American related stuff. So I'm using it now, okay, we're going away. This is the top things to do in in Florida. Type it in there, open AI does, it comes back, okay, these are the things, top things to do in Florida. So it doesn't have to be marketing related.

You can do for whatever you want really. So here's an advanced one that I'm working on and I've started publishing and this is, this is where it gets really exciting. So automatic newsletter writing, so that crypto crack fictitious newsletter, I was in there producing the newsletter inside of, um, chat CBT and then taking that newsletter formatting in Google Docs and then after I format it in Google Docs, putting it into the beehive platform. Didn't take that long, but you know, why do it in half an hour when you don't have to do it at all. So it's like you have a web hook that goes to Airtable and I'll share what this looks like in a second.

Then from what's in Airtable, it will go to OpenAI to generate an idea if the, the next, the the idea for the next newsletter. Then I'll also simultaneously write the blog or the newsletter body. It'll write the title of the newsletter. It'll create an SEO summary for it. It'll generate the, the title or the images for the thumbnails for it, and it'll put it all back into Airtable.

Then if like you, you look at it and you're like, eh, not too happy with it today, it'll have a re router to say, okay, you would say no, change the opening to X, Y, and Z, it'll create an edit and I'll update it in Airtable again. Then you're like, no, I don't like the images. It'll change the images and I'll update it in Airtable again. And it's all done in seconds. And like this is the new business in itself.

This is the new offer in itself to automate the newsletter industry completely. The next one is can I was thinking well can we automate our Facebook ads? John, can I ask a quick question? It's a little bit bigger, um, than what it's covering here, but your example, maybe think of this, and I believe that this is probably a question that many people have in here. So as it relates to AI creating the newsletter content, um, it's clear how AI can work for something as simple as let's say the 10 most popular destinations in Florida, right?

That is information that's that's kinda out there, uh, can be curated. I'm curious though how it works with let's say somebody like Pete who has a perspective Yeah. Of Viewpoint that he wants to communicate. So meaning that, let's say, right, so the idea of um, you know, uh, what you need to know about the Netflix stop crash, let's just say, well that's information that doesn't have any perspective, that's factual information that's out there. But how would somebody like Keith leverage AI to write the newsletter when I know he has and wants to communicate a certain perspective about, Okay, I mean, so in that respect, what you could potentially do is, let's say you get like Pete feeds at the idea on like on Netflix, whatever Pete records a 32nd voice note that then gets sent to Makem uses one or its tools to, to transcribe that voice note, then feeds it to the ai, say, look, analyze this voice note, flesh it out into a full-blown argument or full-blown content piece.

But it's, it's Take the piece case piece perspective on the Netflix side, feed his perspective, which is a transcript of his explanation, and then feed that into ai, then have AI flush out his perspective. Yeah, you could, I mean the, that voice note is just one example. Teddy might be able to share some other ways of doing it with, that's not a voice note, but like something like a voice note could be done pretty quickly. So you record it, send it, and then let the the rest take take over. So then, Yeah, or even like John did, like his, his definition of record, that humorous, that tone, there are one that you could, like, you could upload your life's work.

Isn't there one like wisdom or something like that where you could Yeah. Wisdom, yeah. You could upload your life's work into that thing and it turn you into a virtual coach answer questions the same way you Yeah, I mean I haven't played around with wisdom yet and I think Teddy, you have what you've played with wisdom. Yeah, we have Todd, we have virtual time. Well, lemme ask you really, really quick, I'm sorry to hijack for one second, but so something like wisdom and continue to go back.

Cause I know that, you know, like, look, there are a lot of people in here that you themselves as a thought leader, part of being a thought leader, you sharing your unique perspective and angle on a particular topic, not just let's say regurgitating facts that exist out there. And so with something like wisdom, I don't tell you, you may know this or Paul chime in, um, I understand if you ask it a question, does the AI can then look at all the content and pull together an answer based on, right, like you've answered the question before, but can it pull from your body of work body to give a, an answer to a question that you weren't asked before? Share your unique perspective, right? So it's one thing to just say, what did, how did, how did Todd answer this question in the past? Right?

Pull from that. It's another thing to ask a new question, right? What does Todd think of AI and given the answer based on what it's learned about? So yeah, so wisdom can't get, but I'm sure the difference between wisdom and actually training an AI model training very specific model, and I'll talk part of what we're is all of our IP into code and into a model and into api. Cause that's how people will eventually be paying us.

They call our API through make, it would be like, Hey, I want know Todd mechanism. I want John to John's AI structure. Yep. Clearance everything. Search, search the main platform.

Yeah, I Try to, so one other thing that I've started to build as well is automating the, the Facebook ag creation process as well. So it's essentially similar to the newsletter creation, but then it actually feeds it into Facebook directly because Facebook has the API and it feeds directly into Make and so does Google and everything else. So we can start to do this eventually, and again, I'm just scratching the surface of what we can do here, but it's, it's pretty, pretty exciting. So what this actually looks like when you're in creating this inside of Make is it's not like in chat gbt, you're like, this is the prompt, gimme mean output. You have to, it's essentially if you've used the, the open AI dashboard where you can adjust the temperatures and everything else, it's kind of similar to that.

So you have to tell the system what it is, then you have to say what you wear and then you have to say what you want it to do. You only do have to do that once though. So it's like, you are this, we are this, this is what we want, and then it'll create, and you do that for each component. So it's like, it's, it's kind of systematic that way. And then what it actually looks like in terms of Airtable.

So this is what it looks like in terms of done in seconds. So I go here, I'm saying, okay, I want you to generate an idea for an ad. It's like, okay, now I don't want that idea. I want you to generate a full ad full on ad. So then it'll generate it in seconds.

It will generate the, the headline, the primary text description and the image ads just at a click of a button inside an Airtable. Because Airtable is, there's an automation here, you can't see it, but there's an automation here that says that when I click generate an idea that feeds the open AI to kick off the, the, um, the RPA essentially. So then it's like this database, and if I don't like the images, I can create new images. If I don't like the, the headline or the description or the, the, the primary text, I can say no, rewrite it like this. And in seconds it has it rewritten.

And then it's all done at once using the rpa. And it's all triggered from what I wanted to do here is I could generate an idea, generate the, the, the ad generate a YouTube generate whatever we wanted to generate. They're just examples that I've used and it's, it's like it happened in seconds and it's so much more efficient than just using like chat CBT to do things. And again, we have to copy and paste it and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But then once we do it here, Airtable will then feed it directly into Facebook, feed it directly into your Google Ads platform, feed it directly into Active Campaign or Infusionsoft if it's an email or whatever the case is.

And it's all done in seconds. And I think it's just gonna, in the future, there's gonna be no excuses though. I don't have the time to, to, to market my business. It's like, no, you don't, you don't need time to market your business anymore. It's just gonna make everything so much more efficient.

Is there gonna be issues and problems along the way? Absolutely. I mean, we don't know what's happening. We don't know what's gonna, how it's gonna continue to evolve. But right now, I mean it's the excuse for time.

It's just been eliminated so much. And I mean there's so much things that we can do and I'm like automating Facebook ads, automating Google ads, newsletters, creation of video content, bullet campaign creation. You can, we can create a make API integration for Todd and Damian's bullet campaigns. So then you, okay, the next offer we're doing a bullet campaign for is this in seconds. The bullet campaign is written based on all the previous bullet campaigns that were done.

And it's, I'm excited. I hope you guys are excited. I hope this presentation was, like I said at the beginning, I wanted to open your eyes on what's possible. I hope you're starting to think a little bit bigger, think a little bit different than what can be done. I think we're at the infancy stage.

I don't know where it's gonna go, but I'm planting my flag down and I'm going riding this AI wave and RPA wave and, uh, capitalizing on as much as possible and help as much people as possible capitalizing it as well. That's.
