---
title: "Teddy Garcia Day 2"
date: 2023-06-22
duration: 1h 5m
duration_seconds: 3903
vimeo_id: 838521976
folder: "T1 | June 2023"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Teddy Garcia Day 2

**Date:** 2023-06-22 | **Duration:** 1h 5m | **Folder:** T1 | June 2023

---

Cut. Good. All right. So, yeah, definitely stole some of my thunder there, but that's all right. Uh, we're, we're, we're gonna, so I'm also gonna try to keep this kind of high level as well, although I am, uh, gonna talk about a lot of different tools, but I really want to do what?

Oh, oh, my water. I was like, what the hell is that? Um, I really want to focus on the big picture as well, right? Because like I said before, like what used to be our specialized knowledge is now not any longer uncommon, right? It's available for free for everybody if they know how to ask the right questions.

So it's important that we realize that the clicker's not working, um, that, you know, if you're only thinking of AI, because we're all marketers, if you're only thinking about it in terms of how to create more content, like you're missing the force from the trees, right? There's a much bigger opportunity, as you just saw from what Damian presented, uh, to really leverage this thing in lots of different ways, personally as well, right? You can have it, like, when I went to Spain after the last top one, I literally said, I'm going to Spain for 12 days. I want to hit these cities, plan the itinerary, tell me where to go. Tell me where to eat, tell me where to stay.

You generated exactly what I needed, right? So, a ton of different things that can be done with it. Also understand, and this is what really I think is gonna impact us the most as marketers, is that everything will be hyper personalized, right? Benson is able to generate copy on the, in instant without any prompt, right? So everything will be personalized, landing pages, offers, funnels, email campaigns, all that stuff will be auto generated by the ai based on what it knows about you from your social profile, from a quiz you just took.

Things like that, right? And that's one of the things that I'm really excited about, something I've always dreamt of doing, but was never able to do at scale. You always had to program, you know, you could do a quiz before where it generated a different sales page, but it was just like routing them to a different page based on how they answer. And you had to program the logic. Now, you don't have to do that, and I'll show some examples of that in a minute.

Um, like Damien was saying, you know, Marcus said you were pre, previously scared to enter or didn't have the expertise to enter, you can now enter, right? So for instance, I'm looking at, uh, doing an offer in the stop smoking space. I'm not an expert on, uh, you know, cognitive behavioral therapy or anything like that, but I can still create an offer in that space now through the help of ai, right? Leveraging that expertise, uh, in a little unique formula. And then the biggest one, I think is the bo, the one I said before, which is that you are now in the software business, right?

We are a, we are going to be in the business of packaging everything that we do into some sort of software or API or specialized model, um, that kind of thing. And the good thing is that there's lots of tools available now to make that a lot easier and faster and quicker and cheaper. What Danny said should be a huge light bulb for everybody in here, just to plant that when he said the markets that you were previously scared to go into or didn't have the expertise to go into, you can now go into the information business. If you'll, is fundamentally changed up until this point, up until ai, one of two ways. You can go into the information business.

One, you were the expert and you have the expertise and the experience to deliver. Or two, you work with an expert, somebody else that now you don't mean that anymore. You don't have to have either of those. Cause now AI your expert, and so now you can, you, you can put aside what do I know or who do I have access to that knows something? And now you can look at markets and opportunities within markets on a variety of different topics, and you can identify, and then you can go into, take advantage of those opportunities by letting AI be the expert.

So I think that that's a huge game changer for the information publishing business. Uh, and the other thing to keep in mind is that the, the rate of change is, I mean, you could already sense it, right? Like this thing came, came out in November pretty much to the masses and just the amount of stuff and the amount of buzz that it's created, uh, fastest app to what a hundred million users was it? Yeah. Fa.

So it's just ridiculous. And we've seen this before, right? Um, we're basically at this same in inflection points. So this is the number of websites. This was May, 2003.

Does anybody know what happened in May, 2003 that caused that hockey stick? Yeah, WordPress came out, right? And so this is the same thing that's happening. What just happened with chat g PT being released with all these tools of being released, the, that hockey stick is actually gonna be much steeper, but it's not gonna be the number of websites. It's gonna be the number of software applications, and also the number of content that's created, right?

And so there's just gonna be more noise, a lot more noise that we have to cut through. And the only thing that's gonna cut through that is hyper-personalization, right? When it's specifically for you, and you know that it's specifically for you, the problem is, is that getting something that is specifically for you is also now free. And I'll show some examples of that in a minute. Um, and, you know, this is obviously the scene from the Matrix.

So if we want to go like reel down the rabbit hole, yes, this will exist. We won't necessarily be living in cocoons. Um, but you know, everything that we know will be packaged into some sort of API that people can tap into, right? So our consciousness, and, you know, there's, there's apps like, uh, rewind.ai, for instance, that'll rec literally record everything that you do see and say on your computer and, and just basically store it, archive it, and turn it into a searchable database. Like it's just running real time in the background, recording everything.

You can access it at any time and just have that history. Uh, and obviously our, our good buddy Elon, uh, just got FDA approval to put the USB port in the back of our heads. So there's no way it's not coming. It's just what we all do with it. Uh, and whether humanity lasts that long is a different story.

That's scary. It is, yeah. And he tried to get it approved like four, four other times, and he didn't, he, this literally, like two weeks ago is when he finally got approval. All right? So the big question for us, right, as marketers is what will you do when you no longer have to do any of the stuff that you currently do when you no longer have to write copy?

You no longer have to write, write books. You no longer have to write articles or blog posts, or create videos, or put up a website, or set up an email campaign or map out the funnel. Like, you know, a lot of us could potentially be out of jobs in terms of the core roles that we do day to day. Right? Now, all of this stuff is, is, or will be completely possible through ai, right?

And so what we need to think about and what we need to become are more builders and architects, right? Like, we need to see the big picture, we need to see the opportunity, and we need to build something and can capitalize on that opportunity quickly without worrying about creating all of this stuff that requires teams and time and all that kind of thing. And so this is very specific to what James was saying, right? Like, and we all, we, you know, we had a bunch of dinners at the Perry Marshall, um, Perry Belcher event, and this was the realization, right? Was like, it's not about gonna be creating offers or campaigns anymore.

It's going to be about creating businesses and how fast can you spin up a business, launch it, scale it, and get it to run. And when you think about it, like literally the AI can do all of this work for you, right? So you come up with an idea, like, this is our part. We come up with the idea, ask the AI to research the market and evaluate that idea and come up, uh, for, you know, see what the potential is, then have it develop a plan. Say, I wanna plan, I wanna go into this market, develop the plan, I wanna penetrate, then tell me how to fund, how to, who's, who's the ideal VCs, who's the right venture capitals, create a presentation for me to go out and raise money for this idea and then staff it.

And now this is the other, I think, game-changing part, right? Which is, when you think about staffing, you need to stop thinking about human staff, like have the AI create the prompts that will create the AI employees to run that business and do all of that stuff that we just talked about, right? Uh, have it launch the business, create all the content, all the deliverables, all the collateral, have it, scale it, have it exit and repeat, right? This is what we should be thinking about. How do we do this multiple times over and over, get a business, launch it, increase the valuation, rinse and repeat, and have the AI do the majority of the work for us.

So the key to understanding ai, uh, and you know, John's obviously a much bigger expert at this than me, so, uh, feel free to chime in at any time, right? But is really just understanding, obviously the terms, right? So these are some of the core terms. Uh, we talk about large language models, um, and it just basically the algorithm itself that's been trained on a large set of texts, right? So chat, G P T has been trained basically on all the texts that's ever been created up to like 2021.

And it is basically just a prediction engine. It is able to predict what words should come next when given a series of words before that, right? So it's almost like a glorified auto complete, it's not really intelligence per se. Uh, and then, you know, GPU is the chip basically that runs it. Uh, artificial general intelligence, that's sentient ai, right?

That's AI that can think for itself and grow and teach itself how to be better, things like that. We're not there yet. That's the one everybody's wor really worried about. Um, uh, obviously you've all heard of prompts. Um, I just kind of wrote down like what my framework is for prompts.

John could definitely speak to this, but you know, typically you want to give a prompt contains what's the role that you want. Think of it like a job description, right? You're, you're teaching the AI to perform a certain outcome. So you're gonna tell it what role to play. You're gonna make the request of what you wanted to do, you're gonna give it some specific requirements or variables that it needs to work with.

Uh, and then what are the rules that you want it to follow in completing that outcome? So that's why it's possible to create AI workers, right? Because the same way you would tell a worker, here's your job description, here's the, our company rules, all that kind of thing. You can do the same thing here, RPA John talked about, um, G pt. So just understand that the, the, the G P T and chat G PT is not necessarily just the brand name.

Uh, it's what a generative pre-trained transformer is, which is just a specific type of AI model that is designed to generate more words after the fact. And then auto G P t you'll probably hear about this is kind of like, uh, an AI that spins up other ais to carry out other tasks. Let's think of it like an AI project manager that says, oh, I need all these other things done, and it'll spin up its own little specialized ais to go do that and train those ais how to do whatever it needs it to do. Uh, and then tokens is basically the currency of, uh, of ai, right? And so the thing to understand is just that it's not a one for one relationship.

Like one token is about four characters. A hundred tokens is about 75 words. And so you pay based on how many tokens you feed in into the AI with the request and how many tokens it spits back. And different models have different limits on how many tokens it can process. Now, that is also growing exponentially, right?

It used to be like 4,000 tokens, then it was like 32,000 tokens. Um, was it anthropic? Was it aro? Yeah. Anthropic got to a hundred thousand tokens, and I think I saw one the other day.

It was like 5 million or something. It's, yeah, it's still not still not there, right? Um, but just understand, like that's the amount of context. Like think of it, the amount of memory that it has to work with, right? So if it can't handle enough tokens, your prompt can only be so long, and the information that you provide and the prompt can only be so long bef before the a before you have to kind of break it up into chunks for the AI to try to process it.

So any questions on, I mean, there's a lot of other topics. Terms, API is an application programming interface. Um, think of it basically almost like a form, right? Like there are, uh, if, if you were filling out a form with certain fields and certain values and hitting submit and getting a response back from the form, it's kind of what an API is. It just happens through code, right?

So you, you send off a request to a, a, a AI model or server or whatever with certain parameters, and it'll give you back something in return. That's really a, that's how you kind of stack everything and connect everything together. The key is that the power really lies in understanding language because the models are built on words. They're built on everything that we've ever written before. Then the more that you understand language and the more that you understand linguistics, uh, the more power you will have in terms of how to control the machine, basically, right?

Um, and again, because it's just a prediction engine, it's everything that you feed it, it's putting that into context, and it's looking at words that are similar or come around it or that have been used in relation to it before, uh, in terms of how it generates its output, right? And it thinks like we do, right? Like it uses kinda neural pathway pathways very similar to the way the the brain works. Uh, which also means that it can go down, uh, specific neuro pathways depending on how you start a prompt, right? So for instance, for us, you've all seen like, you know, right?

As if you are a award-winning direct response copywriter, okay, well, that's gonna send it down one path. You could also say, write as if you are a master in, uh, communication and you're a master in neurolinguistic programming and you know how to effectively persuade people to take action. That's a whole different type of writing and a different output that you will get from that initial prompt. So the words matter, right? And, you know, we, if anybody has learned this, it's us from like watching Todd dissect a piece of copy and changing an A to an and or choosing a stronger verb, right?

Like the same thing literally applies here. So I just wanna make sure that we understand at that point that we are dealing with language, and the better that we work with language, um, the better we'll be able to create better prompts and get better outputs. This is an interesting one. Um, I'm sure John knows this, but, uh, you know, the word, uh, lets, the word lets is a very interesting word because in the entire corpus of text that has been fed into this model, the word let's typically precedes some sort of training, right? So let's discuss, let's think about, let's examine, let's explore, let's imagine, right?

Like, it's just the word that typically leads to things. So when you put in a prompt, something like this, like, let's think step by step, uh, and also make sure we are right because AI has a habit of hallucinating and making stuff up. Um, so adding this simple phrase, basically to the end of any prompt, uh, will typically get you, uh, a better result. Uh, and this came from, uh, Brian Ramel, who's got, uh, a great interview on YouTube with Jordan Peterson. It's about a two hour interview.

This guy's been like doing AI prompting since like the eighties, like for NASA and stuff like that. Uh, he's got a, yeah, the, his blog is, uh, read multiplex.com. It's a paid blog. It's a hundred bucks a year. But like, if you want to master like how AI work and really understand, you guys will, I'll give you guys the slides, you'll have all the links.

Um, this guy is definitely, uh, the best I've seen so far in terms of really understanding prompting. So the problem with AI tools, uh, and we're all experiencing this, this was talked about before, is, uh, you know, we have this, there's a site called, there's an AI for that, uh, which is a great site just to find different tools for different applications. The thing you'll see, you can't see it cuz it's a dark screen, but, uh, this site was literally started, uh, in 2015. It's got 5,108 AI that can do 1400 different tasks currently. The problem is that over 3,300 of those 5,000 were added since January.

Like that's how fast this thing is exploding. And these are apps, right? This is so, yeah. So the speed of change is just absolutely crazy. That's why I'm saying, you know, first mover advantage, like there is a very limited window of time where AI is still going to be a competitive advantage for us versus table stakes, right?

Where if you're not using AI, you are not in business with the rest of us, right? Um, and so you guys might remember this, this is obviously, uh, rich sheron's, uap. Like this is all the stuff that we used to have to do in a business. The way to think about this now is that there will be an AI kind of running the show and there will also be little specialized ais running different parts of the business and kind of doing this stuff. Yeah.

Then the follow in my brain right now, dunno, that's possible right now is that sure. All these things done by ai. But if you think about, like, if you were to think that all, all these things were individual roles or maybe just not all of them, but many of them were individual roles on a team. Mm-hmm. Right?

Managing a massive team of people is difficult. Managing massive software is also cause you have personalities. But that being said, you know, is there a way to sort of centralize or automate this right now? Maybe the make com kinda stuff is The current, you know, the, I would, I would say either the make.com, I mean make.com will be one way. I mean, first of all, a lot of the stuff that I'm talking about we're not necessarily there yet.

It's not good yet, right? Like there's still a lot of perfection happening, but I just have a feeling it's gonna happen super duper quick, right? Um, but like the auto GPTs for instance, like that is kind of how they function, right? So if I took those prompts that we talked about in terms of the, the new AI business model and I put those in, into an auto G B T, well, one, one was a research task, one was a create a proposal task one was be a project manager task, like the auto G B T will basically train itself to go figure out how to do that stuff and spin up little mini ai. Like, oh, all right, well I need a tech AI cause I gotta spin up a website or I need a content AI cause I gotta create some articles and it'll just kind of do it.

It doesn't do it well yet. Like it's not ready yet, but you can see the application of it and, and when it does do what it's supposed to do. So I think also the answer, couple things, number one there is, um, for what it's worth, in the spirit of transparency, we're always transparent. There's certainly an internal debate on timing and timeline for when this stuff will, um, you know, when it's gonna be mainstream, when it's gonna be, you know, when it's gonna hit. There's still debate over the fact that it's coming, right?

And that things are fundamentally change. There's somewhat debate over how quickly that's gonna happen. That being said, um, I don't think the answer is like, no one's saying that now ai, you should do all this. But the whole, for what it's worth, the, the whole purpose of this original new diagram is really to, to show that if you're trying to do all this, right? Like you're not operating as a strategic entrepreneur, you're operating as an opportunity.

And so no one's saying you do all, what is saying is that you could use a AI now to do all this, to not have to have staff to do it, to not have to do it your yourself. But I'm not saying you should. You could just cause you could, doesn't Mean you. So I agree. What does the role of you become?

Cause there's no view. That's what I'm saying. The role of us becomes finding i ideas, spotting opportunities and architecting, like how to penetrate that market quickly, scale. I think that's, that's how I view it. I think that's how it's like initiation.

What's that? It's like Initiation, like, you know, um, we have to start, we have to the genesis of like, go start this thing, do this, Well, it, it becomes a bigger fundamental question of like, like what are we doing and why are we here? Right? Like, you know, if if we're trying to build wealth, then what's the quickest way to build wealth? Well, the quickest way to build wealth is not necessarily to start an info product business and grow it to a million dollars.

Like, it's just not, it's like you could, you'd be better off building a software business that's gonna have a a 10 x multiple versus a two x multiple on an info business and figuring out how to increase multiple, the multiple valuation that you're gonna get and exiting as quick as possible. Like, what does it mean that company like 3 million probably obsolete and by the time you're trying to exit, Potentially, I mean, that's why, that's why you look at Lens, right? Like, so Lens entered the market super quickly. I'm gonna show you at the end of this presentation an app that does the same thing for that lens does for free. It wasn't possible when Lens launched, but is now.

If somebody saw that, it was like, oh, okay, well how do we build that? Great. Now you can do it for free for yourself, create as many avatars as you want using the same exact APIs that they're using, like all that kind of stuff. But they cashed in on it because they had first mover advantage. They saw the opportunity, they took it, they made 10 million bucks.

They could be, they could be done now, Right? This is also what makes such interesting time in business that we're dealing with things that we, you know, nobody really knows what to expect, right? This is a whole different universe. And so you do have such diverse opinions and perspectives on what's about to happen and what's to come and what role we're gonna play as an entrepreneur. You know?

And, and to go back to the leadership and management discussion that we had yesterday, for those of you that were, were in the room, is the beauty of developing and fostering and nurturing a relationship with your team where they can feel open to disagree with you? Teddy and I disagree on a lot of things and I love, and I so appreciate the willingness to to go toe to toe with him. I don't have the the answer, I have a perspective. He doesn't have the answers. He has a perspective.

We'll find out who was more accurate, but could one of us or meaner of us. But the, you have to be, uh, you have to be open and you have to recognize that, yeah, we're going into some territory now that I have no idea whether we're gonna counter bears, dragons, or wars. I really have no idea what It's like if you're damned if you don't put you off, are also damned. If you do, Then what? Well, I don't, look, I, for what it's worth, my perspective, number one, like, I like to keep things simple and very, you know, whether it's, you know, an age related thing or I have no idea what it is, I'll keep things simple.

And so first and foremost, what I think is important for all of you maybe here, is yes, it's cool to think about where AI is taking us in, in terms of business. Like, hey, there's gonna come a time when we don't have to do anything other than some thinking and AI's gonna be able to do everything else for us, right? Like that, that time is coming. I, whether that is coming in the next six months or the next six years, I really know, my personal belief is that it's not as close as Teddy believes that it is. Uh, we'll find out.

Uh, but you're much better off starting with where you're at right now and what AI is capable of doing right now for you. And so this is not like, look, the mistake is to go, is to try to go from zero to hundred miles an hour, from zero, from not using AI at all to now let's build a whole new venture off of AI completely, right? And I think that that's the, the mistake. Cause there are so many unknowns for, for most of us in here. I think the smarter thing is to just say, well, what is available to me right now that'll give me more efficiency in my business, that'll make us more effective?

Maybe that'll open up a new profit opportunity for us based on what is actually available right now. And while you can ponder what's coming, I don't think that you should agonize over that today. I want to take advantage of what's coming, but I'm also not afraid of if I don't take advantage of it right away, that the sky is full. So think about here and now and what you can do here and now, what you can do tomorrow, think about, like in my recommendation for you guys is don't you don't need to pick out the next 12 things. Pick up the one thing that you're gonna let AI do for you that you're gonna use AI to do, and master that and implement it and make sure that you extract the efficiency from it.

And then go to the second one. It reminds me in a lot of ways of the new entrepreneur who comes in, they don't have anything yet, and they're already thinking about like their exit and their back end and they're already thinking about, you know, like list segmentation. And I'm like, you don't have a list one step at a time. And so one step at a time, it's the same thing with ai. Pick out for one thing, rights, one thing, one thing, and then when that one thing is, is part of your business and you see the efficiency, then add a second and go from there.

All which leads perfectly to the, to the this part, right? So let's just talk about the, the seven types of programs, um, that you're gonna need to profit from ai, right? So again, there's 5,000 apps being created, they're all gonna fall into one of these seven buckets, uh, I think, uh, so just be a convenient way for you guys to categorize 'em. So number one is gonna be processing information, processing data. So this is a lot of like the RPA stuff using make.com, we'll talk about in a minute, uh, prediction, like you're gonna have different AI tools that will help you predict what's going to happen next, how to forecast, uh, you know, how to give it a split test idea, have it predict which split test might win, things like that.

Uh, we're gonna talk about production in terms of actually generating all the digital assets that we've talked about. Those are the ones we're probably all the most familiar with. Um, promotion, which is getting those messages and communications out to the world. Personalization, crafting the unique experiences, uh, prescriptions. Uh, this is leveraging AI to create the personalized, uh, fulfillment of the offer, right?

So personalized courses and personalized concierge services and personalized coaching, all that kind of stuff. Um, and then programming, turning your intellectual property into APIs. So on the processing side, um, you know, it's funny what Todd was just saying about not being able to predict. I will say I did predict at MFA live in 2016 that y'all needed to start gathering up your data, right? And assembling it and getting it digitized as much as possible.

And that is more true now than ever, right? So this is really the first thing that we all need to do is think about how are we going to turn all of our intellectual property into some sort of code or digital asset. A lot of that is gonna be just transcripts, like converting everything to text. Again, these are language models, we feed it text. Um, so all of your audios, all of your videos, all of your coaching calls, all of your podcasts, anything that you've ever created, either in text form or audio or video form should be converted to text.

Uh, and you start gathering it and storing it, um, audio samples of your voice. So yes, we are now able to generate a podcast on demand from a text script using Todd's voice if we wanted to, or John's voice or whoever, right? So you can clone your voice. Yes, this is going to make next year's election a complete cluster, right? Because there's gonna be so much fake stuff out there that nobody's gonna know what truth is anymore.

That is a huge problem. Dunno how we're gonna solve it. Um, same thing with images like your face. Uh, like to create those avatars, you usually need a headshot in different lighting scenarios or different backgrounds and different poses, right? So start collecting that stuff.

Uh, the type of ads that you run, like being able, you can supply a visual representation of here's how my ad, here's how I like my ads to look. Then it can model that and create more ads that look like that. Um, same thing with video, et cetera. And then obviously your data and numbers, your customer lists, ideally with data about how those customer, how much they spend, all the RFM data, that kind of thing, your actual sales transactions, your funnel stats, your ad stats, feeding all that into the machine will allow the machine to then do analysis and more importantly, come up with, uh, epiphanies of things that you didn't think of or couldn't see because it's just processing it all in a completely different way. So some of the tools for this, um, uh, again, a lot of it is gonna be transcription.

So, uh, we tend to use fireflies AI or Otter ai. Both are very similar. Um, searchy.io is where, so we have a, a Todd chatbot that is fueled by Searchy. So Todd made, this was Todd's definitely genius on this one. He decided to invest in Searchy when it first came out, when Stu first launched it.

And so we're locked into a ridiculously, uh, cheap deal. Um, but we've been putting all of the video content that goes into the course portals inside of Searchy for years, right? And it's all been transcribed, it's all been searchable. And now when they launched Wisdom ai, it did literally take us 10 minutes to turn the bot on. Basically, I had to upload his photo because it already had all the data.

It had already transcribed everything. It already kind of built the model of, of who Todd is, right? You guys Know What that is. It's basically like, let's say Rob, we take all of your training videos, all of your content be uploaded to searching, and then somebody, one of your users can now search for a particular topic or keyword question and it'll bring up every instance where you address that. So now it takes all of your content and it makes it fully searchable, uh, in seconds.

And I know John's doing Some great stuff with as Wellex. Yeah, the Texan accents not very well. And then some of these other ones are just more API ways to transcribe stuff. So whisper AI and Deep Gram. Um, so you know, the difference is like, how many of you use Rev to transcribe stuff?

Like Rev is 25 cents a minute, deep Graham is a half a cent a minute, and it's just, in some cases better, better accuracy. Not the human transcription version of Rev, but just the, the AI version. Um, so you're gonna process that stuff. You're gonna move it through one of the moving tools, uh, make.com, Zapier, Paley, pipe Dream and Shipyard. Those are kind of like what John was showing yesterday in terms of we're taking data from here, we're processing it, we're changing it, transforming it, moving it over and storing it somewhere else.

Uh, plenty of places to store it. Airtable notion, ROI I'll talk about in a minute. Um, Google Sheets. And then some of the AI specific kind of databases, uh, would be Sippa Base, pine Cone, Databricks, things like that. Those are, those are databases that do vector embedding.

So that picture on the side there is kind of a representation of what vector embedding means, right? It's, you're not storing the AI databases are not rows and columns like a spreadsheet in most databases that we've known to date. Basically what it's taking is it's doing it taking every single word. It's assigning it a numeric value based on its relationship to other words. So if you take King and Queen and print and princess, like, it can spot and map out the relationship in a 3D vector space, uh, based on the coordinates that it gives it and how often those words appear close to each other.

And, and that kind of like, I don't fully understand it, but like it's even that one's above my head. But that's the best picture I found to represent it. Uh, alright, so processing tools. Um, and so like, this is an example of Zapier, right? So we're, every morning we do a morning huddle on, on Rich's team.

There's fireflies AI transcribes that there's a zap that goes through. It basically takes that transcription, it processes it, it, uh, it has to chunk it because, you know, it could be an hour long call. So it has to break it into chunks that it could feed to the ai. So it takes a chunk, it feeds to the ai, it says, summarize this, pull out the action items, uh, and does that a couple times. And then it sends an email to the team of here's what we just discussed on the call with everybody's action items.

Like nobody has to go through and manually listen to the call anymore. Now, fireflies does have some features like that built into it as well. So it is Otter, the reason that we did this in Zapier be is because for the, uh, for the interviews that Rich does for steal our winners, there's an an action guide that gets created and we want to automate the action guide. So now we can take the transcript of the interview and give it the right prompting and the right structure to create those action guides, which currently is taking somebody on the team like two hours to create each one. We should be able to automate that entire process.

So, uh, so here's a summary kind. Here's an example of what that email looks like. Here's what the team talked about. Here's all the action items for everybody, et cetera. All right?

Uh, so prediction. So again, we're gonna talk about the ability to predict future customer behavior, uh, predict customers that are about to churn, predict, you know, segments that you may not be tapping into that you could potentially be interested in your offer, all that kind of thing. But again, all this stuff requires data. Um, but, you know, predicting the type of design that might work best role playing scenarios and possible outcomes or strategic decisions. I think this one's big, right?

It's like if you're gonna make a big decision, like Pete, you were talking about, you know, do I invest 40 grand in this software, right? Like, you could run that decision through chat g PT James. Yeah, which James g PT already gave you the answer yes. But, uh, but for anything like that, right? Or even if you're working, if you're working on a contractor proposal and you want the AI to kind of review that proposal and tell you where the loopholes are or you know, what you didn't think about that should be added to it, things like that.

Um, so this is, uh, loeb.ai. So this is one, uh, system that you can use to train models based on specific things. They have a bunch of examples, like from recognizing plants in a garden to, you know, being for it, training it to be able to watch a video and count how many reps somebody's doing by watching the video of them doing an exercise kind of thing. So again, you could train the AI on lots of different things. And we are stuck in this world of marketing and business, but there's also lots of other real world applications from, uh, identifying plants and all, all sorts of things that, that side has a good example.

This one actually came from Pete. Thank you. I needed, I needed one to add in here. Uh, so Pete did a, a demo with this company the other day. It's not cheap.

What was it, like 1500 bucks I think you said. Yeah. But it will become cheap, right? So semetrics, uh, and a lot of the other tools like Hiro and all that will probably have this sort of functionality in it where it's a chat interface to your data and your stats, right? And you say, Hey, show me, show me the revenue by marketing channel last month.

And then it says, hell, Facebook was down 50%. Well, why was it down? Tell me what, and it'll just tell you. So you can just have a conversation with your data. You, analytics manager, analytics manager, ai, right?

About about more accurate. And, and before, like as the analytics manager, I would have to build the report for you before I you could ask. So you would, I would've to know what questions you might ask me ahead of time. Like, this was always our, I was doing it with Johnny. Like, I need to know what questions you need to know if you want me to build a report cuz I don't, you know, Pull that again.

Yeah. All right. So production, uh, again, obviously generating all of this stuff, campaigns, websites, funnels, ads, blogs, social media slides, webinars, podcasts, like all of this stuff can be generated by AI today, right? Uh, obviously John's isn't launched yet, but I'm sure we will be the first to get beta access to it. Um, but you know, this is copy gener good copy generated in minutes without prompting.

Um, Just who owns it? What's that copy? What? I'm sorry. I'm sorry to No, the law copyright answer to copyright.

We do, we based stuff on, and that's my attorney. So something more than Yeah, that's a question that I, I believe won't be answered for a long. And I think there's a lot of debate cause we're already seeing issues with, um, artwork. Yeah. Even search engines Don't want the voice, right?

If somebody, random persons just like, oh yeah, I like here she's, and I'm like, I don't even know this person, right? But like, there's my thing, how do I like, do I, It's already happening. I mean, he had somebody impersonating him in his comments, right? Sitting up a fake profile, duplicate YouTube channel with my image, and then going into all my comments and giving WhatsApp numbers, asking. So when does this go to like our government, like leadership?

When do we start like a Trump or a, you haven't seen it yet in my head, was a much different question. It national security. I mean, he's, he's gonna potentially four cases, right? So he is gonna need clones of himself at, at each trial, right? Work your existing membership site or are they membership sites on their own?

Uh, they do have their own little membership hub thing, but yeah, you could take the videos and embed it into your membership site. So does Your, does your content need be searching already? I'm not sure for wisdom whether Did you ever figure that out? It's not clear, but I think it has to eventually it has To. Yeah.

I can figure it out. Question. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I'll give you guys, oh, sorry. So, so John is the original creator of the vsl, one of the highest paid copywriters in the world.

Uh, and he's built a software technology that has taken all of the best of copywriting and copywriter, uh, and I mean, you can explain it better to me, but basically built an AI platform that will generate copy for you on demand, everything. And he's been, he's had software like this for years, it's called Copy Pro. Um, but that was more templated based. This is now more AI based. Is that, is that a fair That's the dream.

You should Chat. You should, Uh, so hey Jen, uh, this is the one that Todd was mentioning, right? So, hey Jen basically lets you clone yourself and create videos of yourself without you having to be in the video. Like you could just feed it to script and it'll generate a video of you talking, this is what we now consider deep fakes, right? So yes, we are gonna, um, I have, I have one of Rich, it's not really good if you wanna see it.

Oh, yeah, you can ask me. Yeah. What's that? Yeah, we gotta, Where is it? Uh, It's, it's horrifying.

Like to me it's absolutely horrifying. Cause it's so good already for an early iteration. Like, uh, it's, you know, the implications are, I mean, it's, Yeah, no, the biggest thing, it's the biggest thing it's missing is there's no movement. Yeah. Right?

So there's no body movement. I, I'll play it again real quick. So this Would've taken a lot of time to actually crazy Rich. So all of that audio that him talking, that was all AI generated. That was not him.

That was a script. But the question is most they're, look, they're very, you know, absence, voice inflection that be pretty custom. Yeah. So it just kind of depends, right? So like 11 Labs is a really good one for audio and that 11 labs for audio.

Um, that one is really good at capturing, real speaking more so where it doesn't sound AI generated, uh, as much. But you know, right now for video, Hey Jen, I, we, the consensus is that's probably the best one. Synthesia is probably the second. See what I would do right Now, cause this is right me, this is your early iteration, Certainly not all by any stretch of the imagination, It's gonna get infinitely better. What I would do is I would take that, I just wouldn't do full screen.

And so I would put, I would, I would shrink rich down into the little circle thing, the bottom of the corner. See? Right? Like, and you're not really focused on that, but you can see on the peripheral your peripheral vision that is there. And that's how, and I would never make it, I would never make it full screen until is Yeah.

Spoke with the ceo. Cause he called connected talk about how we could put together. And we, he and was like, look, you YouTube creators, content creators, you're six months away from having realistic. Exactly. Todd said you put something in smaller something, but it could generate the rest of that content based on you could generate 10 videos, that's possible.

But this is where, And it is coming some it is coming, you know, there's no doubt there's the, the deep fakes, like some, the really good deep fakes that you like, expensive, uh, um, software and whatnot. All that stuff is just being, you know, demonetized. So it's coming right there. There are videos out there where you can't tell, like you cannot tell. It's not, you know, whatever it's coming.

And so whether it's six months, months, eight months, a year, it's coming for first iteration, that's pretty darn freaking scary. And, and part of the key is to not wait till it's perfective. Like start using it now. Get your avatar in there, start training it, start playing with it, start like, you know, feed it now so that when it, cause that's the problem. Like, we knew this stuff was coming four years ago.

We just didn't wanna see it. It wasn't ready for prime time. It required a coder to implement. So nobody used it. Chat, g PT came out, changed the interface the same way that computing exploded when the mouse and the, and Windows was launched, right?

The same way everything apps exploded when the mobile, like, when the interface changes and it's now a chat interface that makes it easier for people to use, right? The the next interface will be voice. So it'll just be, you just talk to it. You don't even have to type the words. You can kind of already do that.

And I love, I like Joel's attitude. I like Joel's approach. It's the same approach I take and that it's 80% as good. It's not lost, it's not perfect. It's 80% as good, but it frees him up.

He didn't have to spend 15 hours, whatever it was in the studio. It was done in a single afternoon ready to be sold. That's the way to do it. Like, that's the way to do it. And so it might not be perfection, right?

But you're foolish if you're waiting for perfection. Yeah. Right? Or maybe if you just on this, uh, not thing version of yourself, your people would actually could enjoy. Well, I'll certainly go back to the financial investing.

There was certainly, I think that there's an opportunity to do the super computer, right? There's already, uh, there are already tests how, like chat sheet PT out predicted mm-hmm. The, the market, like over 50 hedge fund managers or whatever. And so if there was a newsletter or publication that was coming from the investing supercomputer, and then you had a somewhat robotic looking avatar on the screen that was like, look, I'm a physical representation of the, you know, like the, the war, the movie board games like that. I'm, I'm the fiscal representation of that I Think is, I mean even, even what John showed yesterday, right?

With the, with the crypto crack newsletter, like, John's not an expert in crypto. Like he's taking news articles, he's having the AI become the expert and process and analyze it. He's not gonna do as good a job as Rob or Pete might do, uh, potentially in terms of their unique insight into the market. But it's good enough that he could be building a list in the crypto space and monetize that list. Can he also create an avatar of a little Irish dude, right, that talks on video?

That's not him. Absolutely. Right. And, and now there's a whole brand. Um, so this is, uh, this is, this one's interesting too.

This is You Wizard. Um, this one will basically generate, uh, websites, mobile app interfaces just through a prompt. Basically you say, I want this. And it'll, it'll design the screens and the layout for you. Uh, you can even literally either take a take, you could literally take a napkin, sketch out a wire frame, take a picture of it, upload it, and it'll create it into a fully editable kind of page design.

Uh, so that one's kind of cool. Uh, this one here is Magic Slides, the app. That's what this presentation was created with. So literally I had, I, I mind mapped what I wanted to talk about. I gave it to chat g p t to kind of refine and structure it.

And then I just put that text in here and it generated all the slides, all the bullets, all that picked the images. I didn't have to do any, you know, probably saved me two hours of doing slide like that. That, Uh, magic slides. Magic slides. Yep.

I'm curious. Show hands, how many of you love? There was an extra training that did on Zoom, let's call it maybe an hour or 45 minutes, where he showed you the, the process that he followed to, um, he did the mind map and then how he took the mind map, put it into chatt, asked Chatt to flesh it out and then turn it into slides. Would many you, Uh, and then marketing blocks. This is, this one's a little cheesy, but it's, it's an idea of what's coming, right?

So this is basically kind of an all in one thing. Like this thing, same thing. It's got a, a chat based interface. You could tell it your business and then it'll generate pretty much all the assets you need for the business. Everything from a logo and a business card and a letterhead to blog posts, to a landing page, to videos, uh, all AI generated.

Uh, it's fairly inexpensive actually. So, but right. So promotion. Um, the, uh, the guy in the corner with the street sign, he's the only one that's not gonna be affected by ai. The rest of us will.

Um, but yeah, just so just getting content out there, right? Syndicating content. Uh, so tools like Koya is a good one, uh, to just scale social media posting, uh, things like that. Uh, Postly is another one. These are a dime a dozen, right?

I don't have particularly any experience with them cuz I don't do a whole lot of social media or SEO content. Uh, but these had some of the better, better ratings somebody else might know of, of better ones. But again, there's probably 300 of 'em at this point. Um, and then John was talking yesterday about bid management, how you can kind of do that in AdWords or Facebook. Reveal Bot is something that kind of does it for all the platforms in one place.

So you can create your rules in one place and it'll manage your campaigns across All the different platforms we use that I used Bot back in the day. I didn't like it. Yeah, no, it's got a lot Better since it was originally like, launch, Uh, and two or three years ago I used it, but it just, this I would love, this was actually good, but it kinda seems like it was better made for like really, really high spend, like e-commerce where it kinda optimizes the metrics that are more service Level. But there's definitely a lot of stuff that's definitely more e-com specific, especially even like on the automated email campaign stuff. Uh, like e-comm is a, is a better use case for that currently.

But, um, you'd have to play with it, you know. But this one does have things like custom data, so like what John was talking about, like not relying on the conversions inside the platform. You could feed it your own conversions. Or in this case they're feeding it weather data, shut off the ads if it's raining, I guess, or something. I don't know.

Um, all right, so personalization, this again, I think for me, for us is really the big one. Um, like I said before, you know, we had a quiz that we created for E five that it was more rules based. It was like, hey, if, if they answered the question this way, send them to this page. Um, I think this is all going away and I think it's going to be hyper personalized, particularly for me. Like those, those of you that been around for a while, like know I'm a big fan of the Enneagram.

So for me, I think personality based, uh, optimization is gonna be huge. Um, and so like even there's a, there's an example. Uh, where was the other, where do all those tabs come from anyways? Um, oh actually it's right here. So the, uh, so this is for if there's enneagrams different personality types.

Type three is a very goal oriented, success oriented, achievement minded person. So for that person, if I wanted to create headlines for why they should quit smoking, you'll notice it's about boosting their energy, uh, achieving their goal, amplifying their productivity, elevating their professional image, which is very different than a two. A two is more of a helper. They want to be liked, they want to be loved, they want to do things for the family. They're all about doing things for others more so than for themselves.

So the headlines for a two would be completely different. Strengthening your bonds, nurture your relationships, set the best examples for your loved ones, right? So now imagine like somebody I'm driving traffic stop smoking's a huge niche can drive generic traffic to a quiz, quickly identify who they are, have it generate specific copy specifically for them based on what I know their trigger points are, right? The testimonials would be relevant to them, the way the copy is worded would be relevant to them. And then on top of that, you can also customize the offer.

So if twos are a little bit less trusting and more skeptical, maybe I offer the product for a lower price point than somebody else who might be more like a three is more likely to buy stuff. Cuz they just want to check the thing off their list. They might pay more. And also I could ask them like, well, how do you want that thing delivered? Do you want it delivered as a video course?

Do you want a book? Do you want a coach? And the offer would change. So instead of me creating multiple sales pages and landing pages and funnels and offers, just have one thing that you can drive traffic to. Have it figure that out.

What is going to be the best thing that's most likely to get this person to buy? And then also create the deliverable on demand on the fly based on what that person told you or whatever offer the AI created, right? So a lot of what we do in terms of creating courses and creating content and having it be just from one specific viewpoint or from one specific tone can go away and you can deliver exactly what somebody wants in the best way that they'll consume it. Um, so shout out to Robin Kennedy. Response Suite, uh, does have some of these features in terms of being able to ask questions and route them to, to, to different, uh, landing pages and things like that.

We'll talk about what I, that's one of the things I wanted to talk to you guys about. Uh, convert Flow is the one we had used previously. Uh, if you go to the Convert Flow site, you'll see like it's all positioned now towards e-comm. Um, but they do have, they originally started in our space, so they have deep integrations with Infusionsoft and Active campaign and all that kind of stuff. So basically visitor comes to the site, whatever it know, whatever your CRM knows about them, all the tags, all the custom fields, all that is available to you to segment here.

You're still having to create the paths and the rules of the segmentation, right? There's, there's not a tool out there yet that does what I just talked about. I'm working on it. Um, but there are ways to accomplish kind of the same thing currently. Uh, and then this is what I was talking about like prescription, right?

So like, we don't have to have a concierge necessarily inside the members area to answer somebody's question. Like all of Todd's content is fed into that chat bot. And if somebody wants an example of how to create CBB chunks for a stop smoking offer, they could just ask it and it will tell it. Are they good? No.

But does it give you the idea and the structure? And it's not, cuz Todd's not good, it's just cuz it's not Good, right? It's not there yet. Needs more training. Todd hasn't trained it yet.

Um, uh, but so this, this is the list. What's that? And then chat base is another one that you can use for the same thing. You can upload all your support documents or your knowledge base or whatever, and it can handle support as well as, you know, topic specific, uh, chat interactions. Um, uh, this is an example.

I'm not gonna play this video, but like, this was an example. Basically. Like, so for instance, I wanted to, I've been a developer for years. I'm mostly a PHP and JavaScript guy. Everything in the AI is about Python.

So I needed to learn Python, but I don't want an introductory course on Python. Like I've been programming for 20 years. Like I know the basics. Like, teach me just what is different. So I just went to chat.

G p t put in a prompt similar to the one John showed you yesterday, which is like a big J s o N prompt that will create kind of a customized tutor where I can specify what my learning preferences are. Like what level of knowledge do I want to do? I want surface level, do I want layman's explanation or do I want a deep understanding of it? And also what type of tone it would speak to me in and all that kind of stuff. And what was interesting about it was, it was actually one of the best training experiences I've done because a, it created the course specifically for what I needed to know, just the differences between Python and php and as it was.

So it created the outline. It's like, here you go. And then, you know, if I had a question, I could just, oh, it's talking about tuples. Well, I've never heard what's a, what's a tup, blah, blah, blah. Well, how would you use a Tup blah, blah, blah, blah.

And it would just tell me, and it's this interactive dialogue as if I had a personal trainer with me coaching me, teaching me, right? And so you can le leverage that library when I'm talking about like a customized deliverable for an offer. It it's an info course or training on something. It could be completely customized through this script to deliver exactly what that person wants exactly at the level of knowledge that they want to hear it do. What modality do they want?

Do they want video? Do they want audio? Do they want text? Like that kind of stuff. So that's, that's where I think we're headed.

I'm gonna put it, but yeah, so this is the structure. It's a very different prompt than what you'll typically see where it's all J S O N. Um, again, this is something that I found on GitHub. I put it in, it was amazing. Sent it to, I sent it to John.

I was like, John, have you ever seen this before? And then he took it, adapted it for, yeah, from Mor. Yeah, this is the basis of motor ai. So, uh, so I own the IP copyright, well, that dude does, I guess. Um, all right.

And then just programming, turning your IP in the code as soon as possible. Creating the fine tuned models, packaging everything as a plugin, uh, and using chat c PT to provide anything that you need. Who's ever wanted to figure out how to change the color of a button and didn't know the CSS code? You don't have to ask me anymore. Just go to chat sheet.

Bt be like, how do I change the color of this button? It'll give you the code. Tell it. You want to build an application like I just described, like I want to build this dynamic survey thing. I asked it, it told me, it gave me the best frameworks to use the best APIs.

Like it just told me, like as if I had a developer sitting there. And then I was like, all right, now gimme the code. Oh, the code didn't work. Put it back in. Fix the code, fixes the code.

Like, so, you know, programming is becoming completely democratized, right? You do not have to know how to be a programmer to program anymore either with that G B T or with the low code. No code tools that are out there. You can pretty much create anything that you want software based that you used to have to pay developers. J i I don't even know what JS means.

Uh, this is a cool app. Uh, this is called condu.ai. Uh, so there's a, there's a thing in, uh, uh, that you might hear about called Lang Chain Lang Chain's. A very popular way to basically stitch together prompts, right? So, you know, when you go to chat bt you put in your initial prompt and then you'll refine that prompt and kind of keep drilling down so you get the thing to give you what you want.

Well, this is a kind of a way to stitch those together and basically start with some variables. And then as you get an answer, take the output of that answer and feed it back into the next prompt. And so you're kind of building this chain of prompts, and this is just a real easy way to do it in kind of a drag and drop fashion without having to know how to code. Um, there's, uh, brancher.ai, same kind of thing. This is like a, you know, it'll build a little form where you can put in the thing and then you tell it what to do.

It'll go out to chat cpt, you give it the prompts, you give it the values that were entered into the form. You can have more than one form field. Um, and same kind of thing, thing. It'll do all the back and forth for you to be able to create a custom application. And the best use of this right now is probably gonna be like internal tools, right?

You want like an email generator that's gonna write emails in a certain way or certain voice and tone, um, or, you know, there's pretty much you can do competitor analysis, lots of different things with it. Whatever you can think of. But it's, again, you don't need to be a coder or a programmer to understand how to use this. It's super simple, super, uh, intuitive interface. And then flutter flow.

Think of flutter flow like ClickFunnels for apps, right? Like if you know how to use ClickFunnels, you kind of already know how to use flutter flow. Um, but now you're just putting programming logic behind it to build either internal tools or actually, you know, mobile apps, desktop apps, whatever. Uh, and then Rowe, uh, is one that I also really liked. So this is very similar to what John was talking about yesterday with Airtable.

So if you remember in John's presentation, it was, he was using make to do some work with the api, then put it back to Airtable and do some more work. And he put it like with Roy, you can actually do it all inside the table. Like some of the columns can actually have code in them. So this is an example demo of a storybook builder application where you specify the writing style you want Beecher's patter or, or Dr. Seuss or whatever.

You give it the prompt and it'll go, it'll come up with the, the cover art, uh, based on the style preset that you give it. It'll come up with the cover art. It'll start coming up with the concept of the book, and then it'll also generate all the different pages along with the image for each page, along with the audio, uh, transcription of, and again, it's writing this whole story. So for somebody like Rob who's doing kind of book production and book generation, like this is where that's headed, right? Um, so this one does require a little bit of programming, but, so again, big questions.

What will you do when you no longer have to do any of the things that you're currently doing? Uh, what was, like Todd was saying, what was impossible before that is now possible because of this stuff. Uh, how will you manage and leverage and infinitely scalable works workforce that technically will work for free? Uh, and uh, how will you leverage and protect your ip? Like Yara was talking about like unanswered questions, but this is just the kind of stuff.

And then, you know, last thing, like, just like on longevity side, like there, there's gonna be huge breakthroughs in medicine as well, right? Mm-hmm. So if we can all live to a 1 20, 1 50, how does that change everything in terms of retirement and money and all that kind of stuff? Like, it's all stuff we gotta think about.
