# Save 230 to 315

**Source File:** Save 230 to 315.pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1473013618.0

---

# ~


# ~~'~


# Save


# ~~·


# · $230


# to


# $315


# on strictly authentic


# natural shoulder ·


# men's suits

This spring, we've made a very
,e xceptional purchase of all-wool
natural shoulder suits from a maker
that we just started carrying last year.
Our cut prices will raise your
eyebrows. At Dorman-Winthrop, you
actually get 35% more suit than you

# $660 to$670


# suits for


# $425


# 67


# $720 to$780


# suits for


# $462


# 7


# 3

pay for.
Something 10ro11g with them?
Absolutely not. The same first quality '
goods are selling for hundreds of
dollars more in exclusive men's shops
across the country. '

# $680 to$690


# suits for


# $43846


# $530 to$560


# sport coats for


# $32759

These are genuine soft shoulder Ivy exceptional. In all four or'the above
League suits with a Harvard accent. groups of suits and sport coats, the
Hand-tailored in the U.S. by one of fabrics are two-ply, 2x2, which means
this country's most respected makers. two intertwined yams are woven
Two-button classic model with lengthwise for every two woven
flap pockets and center vent. The crosswise. Not a one-ply in the house.
styling is conservative butthe patterns After several wearings, you'll find that
and colors are eye-catching. a two-ply fabric holds its shape better
You'll find the wool fabrics quite and longer.

# are you an Ivy League type?

Dorman-Winthrop is probably best deucedly correct look for businessmen
known forour advance styling in with AAAAAI ratings in D&B. Or pro-
dressy suits. We also do a nice fessional men who appreciate an
business in middle-of-the-road understated suit with superior quality
executive models. and up-to-the-minute styling.
But now we're spreading tlie word Are natural shoulder suits for you?
that we also have a nice selection of you'll never know until you try one on
natural shoulder suits and sport coats. In front of our three-way mirror.
These Ivy League suits are a

# three-button men, rejoice!

Harder to find than a needle in a special order 3-button, non-darted
haystack. That's what some men natural shoulder suits (In 17 different
have been saying about 3-button colors and patterns) and blazers from
natural shoulder suits. a maker of natural shoulder clothing
jay Winthrop looked under two whose name you'll immediately
nooks and a cranny but he finally recognize.
found a source. We are now able to
Open 7 days: Monday through Friday I1 to8, Satunlay 10 to6, Sunday 12 to5.
Use Visa or MasterCanl, ordeduct2% for cash/check paid in full at lime of purchase. Rather
than hiding altemllon costs In the selling price, we charge each customer for his own
altemllons at our cost of labor.
•West l.osAngeles, 12301 Wilshire Blvd, 2 blocks west of Bundy oPPOSite Union Bank. Ample
free parking rearof store. 213447-7813 • North Hollywood, 12640 Riverside Or, norih of
Veutum ~\vy (Coldwater exit) 818 984-1114 or 213 877-2626 • Omnge County, t6575
Magnolia, on San Diego Fwy(Magnolia-north exit) 714 847-3303 or714 554-5560

# DoRMAN~W1NTHROP


# sells nlen.'s fine clothing


# at severely cut prices

~8l03/2'J/91Vll
