# 1250 Left 02

**Source File:** 1250 Left 02.pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1478628466.0

---

# LAST.~


# CALL!

i

# Final Clean-Up Sale of Only


## 1,25~ Seti for Readers of.·the


# LOS ANGELES TIMES


# .LA·ST -CA·LL !


## This advertisement is appearing in only a


## few papers-just ·enough to· clean out this


## small stock. This is positively your last

chan~e. When these 1,250 sets a.re gone the

## new edition will coat you $10.00 per set


## )nstead of $2.98.

·7;

# You have ··until midnight of March 30, 1929, to get one of these·


# HIGH SCHOOL EDUCATIONAL COURSES for only $2.98 postpaid!


# ~ ~

7E

# ho~o

o.,Jy a my

# f~

eU loft of on< 60-volomo edition of tho popuh' .

## iVV HICH SCH00L EDUCATIONAL .COUR:;E. We are offering these

last sets, for quick sale, at the same price of, $2.98, payment in full, until
·nidnight of March· ·30, 1929. This means that your order must be post
l.narked on or before mi~night of March 30th, if. you are to get one of these
i:-UGH SCHOOL EDUCATIONAL COURSES at the barriain price of $2.98,
!Fully prepaid. Incidentally, ·by ordering on or before this date, you save $7.
F'or when these 1,250 remaining sets are gone, the contents of these 60 handy
books will be issued in two large, expensively produced cloth·bound volumes,
!;it:$5.00 each, or $10,00 for the set.' These two large volumes will contain \SAVE'
every word that the smaller volumes now contain; not a thing
1
will be omitted. We have decided to make the edition

# I . .

more , sumptuous-and consequently more expensive-be· 1$ 7 00
cause of the tremendous impression that these worth-while

# •·


# I books have made on the people clamoring for self-education.

· Meanwhile, we have 1;250 sets of the 60-volume edition-
1&0 books in handy pocket size-to sell for $2.98 per set. We are giving the
public a final chance to secure this material in this convenient form. When
)these 1,250 sets are gone, the 60-volume edition will be discontin~ed, and
,the two large, more expensive volumes will take its place. This is'positively
!your last chance to secure this sensational HIGH SCHOOL EDUCATIONAL
COURSE for only TWO DOLLARS AND NINETY-EIGHT CENTS! Hurry!
bon't hesitate! Sign and mail the order blank immediately. This price is
;making publishing history! Seize this opportunity.NOW! Haste is imperative!
'Rush your. order so that it will have a post!J1ark before midnight of March
\30, 1929; Pay for the books when they reach you, but by all means get that
iorder blank in the mail I Remember-March 30th is the deadline. Get YOUR
'.oider mailed in time.

# ·Complete Description


# M AKE no mistake about what these books are. The &et contains 60 dif·

ferent books, or 60 separate volumes. Each volume ·measures 3Y2¥5
Inches, and the books run to 64 pages each, The type Is S.polnt (the size
used In the average dally newspaper,) and It Is clear and easy to read. The
manner of setting these books enables ua to put 15,000 words of text In each
book, so you see the books are not sketchy, or mere "outlines.'' Each text
la complete In Itself. The total number of pages In the set Is S,488; the to·
tal number of words exceeds 825,0001 Is not this a bargain at $2.98? And
we pay the postage to your address! Many of the books have llluatratlona
or diagrams to make the text more understandable. The books are uni·
•--~ •-- ...._ ____ _. •- _ ... ,,, -.. 1.. .... _ ..... 1. . 1 ...... u .... • Vru1 U11ll h~
::iimaud and deliahted

## ;ith. .

th;-~~~th -of-th is-set. •
'TEXTBOOKS are often dry and musty. This Educational Course will be found refresh·
: . lngly different from the usual educational volume. Every book has been written with
,t he reader constantly In mind. Every page ls clear and readily unde1·atandable by the
average person. No attempt la spared to provide books which everyone can use to
learn without the aid of an Instructor,
Every book In this 60-volume set is &elf-teaching-that Is the plan that underlies
1t hem all, to make no Instructor necessary. Of course, the books are of no value unless
·you read them with the determination to learn. There Is no royal road to knowledge just
by letting your eyes run Idly over the printed page!
But If you have real ambition, then these are books to
help you get ahead-these are books which may be of
more genuine benefit to you than all four years of for·
mal high school training.
The slmlpllclty of these books is truly amazing.
You will be gratified to find them entirely tuold In
every way. No subject ls kept difficult-all are pre·
: sented to you co that you can get the moat out of them. Just reading these books Is
'educative to an extent that you cannot realize unless you try the experiment; Further·
more, every volume Is Interesting. The type la of a size to make reading easy. The
, authors have been interested In their subjects, and this makes It certain that those
: subjects are presented In a delightfully fascinating manner. -

# :Easy to


# ,Understand

, What makes some textbooks difficult for the ordinary reader Is that essential facts
'.·have been left out-such facts to be supplied by the teacher. In this Educational
:course every fact Is Inserted In the text. With attention and determination a thorough
!grasp can be had of the subjects represented In this course (see the complete list at
i right.) It ls not necessary to ask questions-every question has been foreseen and
i already answered by the writers who-have made this set a marvel of clearness and
i'completeness. · · .
)

# Answers Questions· Like These

All of these que.stlons, and hundreds or others, are underatandab11' answered tn this
60-volame EDUCATIONAL COURSE. totallnr some 82!5,000 words of tcxt-e.nd the nrlce
ot 60 books is ontr S:?,98, pannent In full. Thia price Includes the J>DStatre to 7DUr address.
At auch an amazlm:lY Jow cost. c&n J'OU boneatb afford to be without a set of books V!hlcb
promise to be ao useful and valuable to 1ou?
( 1) Who said: "Where ignorance is bliaa, 'tis folly to be wise?"
(2) What is meant by "squaring the circle?" (3) What have the
following names in common:. Van Buren, Tyler, Polle, Fillmore,
Pierce? ( 4) What are the four forms of English Composition?
(5) What is Psychology? (&) Who' were Donatello, Cellini, Bo-
. logna, Rodin? (7) What ia the Milky Way? (8) Who was
Delilah? (9) What famom speech begins: "Friend1, Romans,
country men, lend me your ears?" (10) What do the following
mean: (a) "Sprechen sie Deubch;" (b) "Parlez·vous francais;"
(c) "Habla usted Espanol?" (11) How far does a falling body
drop in the first second after starting from rest? (12) What does
"ibid." mean? (13) What waa the Roman god of war? (14)
·1'
'
What were the three orders of Greek architecture? (15) What
chieOy caused the U.S. Civil ·War? ·

## 'I

.r.nNSIDER for a moment the wide scope of the.se sixty books-thlnk just how com·
U prehenslve they are! There are 112:.,uuu woras 1n tne1e sixty vo1umea. 1 ney mo1uoc
a wonderful variety of subjects, from history and economics and literature to mathe·
matlc1, foreign language and the arts. Even commercial "subjects, &Uch as geography
an'd typewriting, are Included. You get a substantial foundation In the arts, and an In·
sight Into the great world of science. Thon there are the handy reference volumes,
the alphabetical dictionaries, which glve you concise lnformatfon just when you need
It and exactly as you want It. · .
. Four foreign languages-the languages which most English-apeaklng people desire
to learn-are given In this set. These foreign languages are self-teaching In these
handy volumes, They may be readily grasped with the aid of these. books.
· Everything you need Is here--thls aeries ts compact

# ;v •


# £

and complete In Itself. This Is a course crammed with a.. r1ety·

# 0

valuable Information and useful knowledge. There are
two volumes of questions and answers (quizzes) with

# · b • ·


# S which you may test your knowledge from time to time.


## U


# Jects

There ls that excellent general treatise on "How to
Study"-thls work alone Is really worth the entire
· price of the set In the valuable hints It gives and In
the manner In which It enables the average person to study In such a way that he
will get the most possible good out of his efforts.
You will find It Invaluable to have at hand many of .these books which you may not
use. at first. Though some of the subjects may aeem ·to you apart from your present
Interests, they •rill sooner or later come In haridy. Everyone, today, should have a rep·
resentatlve library of reference to which he can turn In search .of. faots when he re··
quires them. 'That Is what makes this course so thoroughly useful, and that Is. why
sixty volumes were chosen as the Ideal number of books for the set. ·
In our modern clvlllzatlon, with the miracles of modern printing, knowledge Is
within e11eryone's reach. There Is no longer any excuse for any Individual to remain
In lgnora:ice. Lack of knowledge Is not tolerated. Today you must be progressively
alert-keep abreast of the times-and maintain a standard of education that ts on a
par with the knowledge of your fellows. This 60-volume EDUCATIONAL COURSE
will be a forward step In this direction; these alxty books will be worth far more than
12.98 to you In achieving this much to be desired result. Mall that blank before lt ta
~~~·
'

# ·.HALDEMAN.JULIUS PUBLICATIONS


# Dept. G-83 GIRARD, KANSAS


# A C T N O W !


# Here's What You Get_. __


# A Complete List of All the Titles in the


# 60-Volume Educational Course

IMPORTANT NOTE: These volumes are original, copyright works, available only In this scr·
tea and prepared especially for the series of whlc h they are a part. These 60 books must be ordered
as a set-the Individual titles should n~t be ord cred separately.
ENGLISH (GRAMMAR)
1. Common Faults in Writing En
glish. · Containing Faults of Grammar,
Miscellaneous Faults, Errors in the Use
of Words and Index,
2, Spelling Self Taught. Containing
General Principles, Capital and Hyphen,
Word Groups (with helpful rules,) Word
Building and Changing, etc.
3. Grammar Self Taught. Containing
the Parts of Speech, The Sentence, Pars·
ing, etc.
4. Punctuation Self Taught. Contain
ing examples and rules for use of Period,
. Comma, Semi-colon, Colon, Interrogation
Point, Exclamation Mark, Quotation
Marks, Parentheses, Dash, etc.; with Ex-
ci-i..;;1::ictt .lUl L'IUi•
5. 4000 Words Often Mispronounced.
Containing 4000 words with correct pro
nunciation in easily understandable sym·
bols.
6. How to Improve Your Conversa
tion,. Containing Fundamental Precepts.
Vocabulary, Dramatic Effect. Gesture and
Gesticulation, Laughter, Dialect and Dia
logue, Etiquette in Conversation, etc.

# e

7. How to Improve Your Vocabu
lary. Containing Single Words, Words
in Combination, etc.
8. How to Write Letters for All Oc
casion's. .Containing the Rhetoric of the
Letter, Friendly Letters, L:ove Letters.
Social Letters, and Some Conventions of
Letter Writing.
9. How to Prepare Manuscripts.
Guide for Writers .on How to Submit
Manuscripts fot Publication.
10. How to Argue Logically. The
. Precepts .and Art of Discussion.
HISTORY
11. An Outline of United States His
tory. Containing American Beginnings,
Founding of the Union, Expansion and
Conflict, etc. .
12. History of the American Revolu-
tion. ·
13. History of the U. S. Civil War.
14. Lives of U. S. Preaidenb. Brief
biographies with pen portraits.
15. Current Events: Debate on U. S.
Dry Law. Clarence Darrow vs. Wayne B.
Wheeler. '
LITERATURE (General)
16. Facb You Should Know About
"he Classics. Containing Classics of the
l\ncient World, -Classics of the Middle
l\ges, Classics of the Modern Period.
17. One Hundred Best Books to
Read. A reading guide.
18. The Enjoyment of Reading.
Notes on the appreciation of Literature.
THE ARTS
19. PaintinlZ' and Painters. Contain·
ing the Beginnings of Painting, Greek
Painting, Roman, Painting, Renaissance,
Dutch Painteu, etc.
20. S~lpture and Sculptors. Contain
ing the .Beginnings of Sculpture, ltalinn
Decadence, Eighteenth and Nineteenth
·Century, etc. ,
21. Music and Musicians. Containing
Music of the Ancients, Church Music, etc.
22. Dictionary of Musical Terms.
23. . The Story of Architecture. Facts
you should know about the evolution of
buildings.
LANGUAGES (Foreign)
24. Latin Self Taught. Complete with
.lntrod,uction, Rules, Syntax, Voc:ibulary.
etc.
25. French Self Taught. Complete
with Introduction, Rules, Syntax, Vocab·
ulary, etc.
J
26. Spani$h Self Taught. Complete
with Introduction, Rules, Syntax, Vocab
ulary, etc.
27. /German Self Taught. Complete
BUSINESS (Commercial Subjects)
28. Outline of Economics (Wealth.)
Containing Machinery, Production, In
dustry, Exchange, Banks, Interest, Profits,
Rent, Wages, Taxes, etc.
29• . How Wall Street Works. How.
money is made in the buying and selling
of stocks and bonds.
30. United States C o m m e r
with Introduction, 'Rules, Syntax, Vocab·
ulary, etc.
c i a I
Geography.
31. A Handbook of Commercial
Law. Containing Contracts, Mortgages,
Real Estate, Insurance, etc.
32. How to Write Businesa Letters.·
Complete with samples.
33. Typewriting Self Taught. Ap
proved touch system,. with exercises, dia·
gram, etc.
,...._T _______ n ___ _ ·-· .... o·----
erly.
SCIENCE
35. Chemistry for Beginners. Con
taining the Elements, Atomic Weights,
Valency, Periodic Law, Formulae, Or
ganic and Inorganic Chemistry, etc.
36. Physics Self Taught. Containing
Gravitation, Inertia, Force, Motion, Heat,
Light, Sound, Electricity and Magnetism.
37. -Astronomy for Beginners. Con
.• taining the Solar System, the Sun, the'
Planets, the Moon, Comets, Stars, etc.
38. Psychology for Beginners. Con
taining the Mind, Subconscious, Will,
Perception, Memory, etc.
39. The Riddle of Human Behavior.
40. Evolution Made Plain. The
facts about the· evolution of the earth
and life upon it.
41. Great Men of Science.
42. Facts You Should Know About
'Animal Life (Introduction to Zoology;)
Containing the Classification of the Ani-·
mal Kingdom.
43. Manual Training Elements of
Woodworking. · · · ·
MATHEMATICS ,
44. Elementary Plane Geometry Salf
Taught. Complete with theorei:ns, prob
lems, diagrams, etc.
45. Curiosities of Mathemati~ Con
taining Squaring the Circle, Pi, Trisection
of an Angle, Compound Interest, ·Prime
Number, etc. · ,.,·, ..
46. Arithmetic Self Taught (Part 1.)
Containing Numeration and. 'Notation,
Addition, Multiplication, Subtracti~n, Di
vision, Factoring and Cancellation, Frac
tions, Decim~ls, Percentage, Averages,
Ratio, and Proportion; with Exercises.
47. Arithmetic Self Taught (Part
II.) Containing Powers, Roots, Interest,
Gain and Loss, Discounts, Weights and
Measures, Area, Volume, Practical Pro
portion; with Exercises.
REFERENCE MANUALS
48. Familiar Quotations. Complete
guide to famous quotations.
49. .t'opular. ::>haKespearean \tuota•
tions. All the famous lines. _
50. A Dictionary of Classical Myth•
ology. ·
51. A Dictionary of Bibical Allu·
sions •
52. A Dictionary of Foreign Words
and Phrases (in Frequent Use in Eng
lish.)
53. An International Dictionary of
Authors.
54. A Dictionary of Geographical
Names (Gazetteer.)
GENERAL HELPS
55. How to Get a Liberal Education.
56. The Secret of Self Development.
57. Revealing Commenb on.Hmnan·
'ity and Life. .
58. How to Study. Containing What
to Study, Environment of Study, Tech
nique of Study, etc.
. QUIZZES (Tests)
59. GOO Question'. and Answers.
What do you know~
60. , 400 Questions and Answen.
General information quizzes.

# ,All 60. Books· for $2.98 Until


# March 30, 1929.


# Y OU get 60 books for $2.98 as long as these remaining sets last and If your ordel'

. · 11 malled on or before midnight of March 30, 19291 This Is slightly leas than five
cents per book-can you Imagine any book treating, In a text of 15,000 words (the total
word1 In each of these books, on the average), a subject like Grammar or Economics
or U.S. History, that la not worth FIVE CENTS, Thia HIGH SCHOOL ·EDUCATIONAL
COURSE, In this SO.volume handy edition, Is a bargain of bargains. There Is nothing
like It anywhere. It Is unique In the field of popular education. Think of all that this
course 'an mean to you. The boo~s are each 3!;'
2
x5 Inches In size. They flt readily Into
a pocket, handbag or satchel. They tako up very little room on a table or In a drawer.
Being 10 compact, yet so comprehensl11e and readable, these books will be worth more
to you than you can gueaa. You can carry several with you wherever you go, to utilize
In your spare time. With a set of these books to choose from; you can make every odd
moment count-make your now wasted minutes pay you dividends! You k'now that you
could often get a lot of good from a book If you only had It handy when you need It!
Thia handy edition aolves that problem. Get a set today! ... The authors of these sixty
educational volumes were especially chooen to prepare these works so that the average
person may readily assimilate their contents. In spite of the sensational low cost of these
books, they have been written by authorities In their various fields. Some of the writers
who have helped to make this HIGH SCHOOL EDUCATIONAL COURSE POSSIBLE
are; PROFESSOR CARROLL LANE FENTON, of the University of Cincinnati; JOHN
COWFER POWYS, famous lecturer and critic; JOSEPH McCABE, . world famous
scholar and author of 180 books; LAWRENCE R. BARRETT, High School Instructor of
Mathematics; JOHNS. GAMBS, High School Teacher; MAYNARD SHIPLEY, President
of the Science League of America; LLOYD E. SMITH, former college English assistant;
HEREWARD. . CARRINGTON, New York Scientist; J. GEO. FREDERICK, commercial
expert; DR. ISAAC GOLDBERG, well-known critic; MURRAV: SHEEHAN, educator and
novelist; LEO MARKUN, research student; NELSON ANTRIM CRAWFORD, well·
known writer; CLARENCE DARROW, famous lawyer, etc., etc• ••• Thus, it ts certain
than every one of these books Is of outstanding excellence. As a reading course this
set cannot be surpassed-for the price of $2.98 you get 825,000 words of text, nearly a
mllllorl wordal The general editorship has been under the direction of E. HALDEMAN·
JULIUS, famous for his campaigns of popular education and for providing good reading
at a price within reach of everyone's pocketbook.

# 825,00~


# Words


# of Text!


# 3,488 Pages


# A1rs2·


# .98


# For


# Payment


# in Full


# UNTIL MARCH 30, 1929!


## .

'

# GRAB THIS. LAST CHANCE!


# N OW you can fill In those embarrassing

. gaps In your knowledge. Here, In 60
handy volumes which flt your pocket or
handbag, you can get the essentials of the
usual High School Education for only $2.98.
This Is positively all you pay-If you use
the special order blank below before our
remaining sets are gone-mall .It before
midnight of March 30, 1929,
What do the words •IA High School
Education" mean? They mean a thorough
grounding In those essentials of modern
knowledge which enables a person to be
the most efficient In the everyday actlvltlea
of his work and of his contact with others.
When It Is required that a person have a
High School Education, It Is meant that
such a person muat be equipped with a
substantial background of English, His·.
tory, General Literature, some Languages,
Commercial Subjects (Business and Econo·
mies), Mathematics, Science and the Arts.
It I• expected that such a person will have
his Intelligence alert and trained to enable
him to learn new things readily, to know
where to look for facts not already In his
poss~sslon; In short, to be a man or a
Noman aware of those fundamentals which
form the basis of every education and of
211 culture.
Probably you have often felt the lack of
knowledge you really ought to have at
your command. Perhapa you did not get
the most out of your school days, or pos·
slbly you were obliged to leave school be·
fore you had completed your education.
Or your High School training has slipped
Into the past, and you are "rusty" on many
subject1. Whatever the reason for the lack,
you feel that the ·void Is there-and you
;vant to fill In the gapsl This 60-volume
HIGH SCHOOL EDUCATIONAL COURSE
Is just the thing for you-It la comprehen·
ilve, easily understandable, thoroughly re·
·!able and authentic, and absolutely up to
1ate.
Whether you wish to study H lgh School
Subjects for the first time, or whether you
merely wish to re11lew your High School
Education, you will flnd these 60 books
exactly what you need. Read the list of
titles carefully as listed at the left-and
remember, all you pay for all 60 of these
splendid books Is two dollars· and ninety
eight cents!
A word about this ast_on!~hl~g .low ~ost:-
tnc price
OT .f''•;JO IUJ Qll UV UI ... ~ ...... ---· .. -
Is possible, has been possible, because of
mass production. These books have been
bought by more than ZS0,000 people. The
oopularlty of these books is Irrefutable In
dication that they' arc filling a wld:ipread
need. Indeed, the price Is so low that many
people get the set Just to have the books
handy for reference. At such a price no
one can afford to be without these books.
In usual library form they would cost per
haps $25; In the new two-volume cloth edl"
tlon they will cost $10-but you can get
the same material, word for word, in 60
pocket-sized volumes, for only $2.98 post·
paldl But remember-March 30th Is the
last day I Grab this chance NOW!
Amazing as It sounds, It Is quite truo
that $2.98 Is FULL and FINAL PAY·
MENT for all 60 of the books In this HIGH
SCHOOL EDUCATIONAL COURSE. There
are no strings attached to this offer-$2.98
Is all you pay. Think how expensive a
High School education usually Is In com·
oarlson-here you get 60 books for no
more than one average text book costs in
school. And you dispense with the In
structor altogether; you become your own
'eacher, learning as you read.
We pay the postage to your address .:in
this 60.volume set. The price of $2.98 In
cludes all charges except the small C.O.D.
fee (exactly se11en cents), which goes to
the

## u. s.

postofflce. All packing and car
·lage charges are otherwise fully paid,
You can avoid any possible delay or In·
:onvenlence (C. O. D. packages sometimes
onove slower than regular parcer post, and
If you are not home when the package Is
~rst delivered It may cause you a little In·
'onvenlence) by remitting $2.98 with you!'
order. Satlsfled customers everywhere
iuarantee the value of this set of books.
You are.assured of satlsfactlon-wh.en you
•ee the books you will be convinced that
they are worth the bargain price of $2.98.
However, send no money with the order
•nleas you wish to. We shall be glad to
1end the books C. O. D. If you prefer. Just
mall the blank and pay the postman on
~ellvery. PROMPT SERVICE GUAR·
ANTE ED.
All you have to do Is see that your or
der Is malled on or belore midnight of
March 30, 1929, so you'll get one of the
----t-1--

# YOU HAVE UNTIL MIDNIGHT


# OF MARCH 30, 1929


# TO GET YOUR ORDER IN :THE MAIL

·The postmark wilt tell the story: All orders wlll be filled which
are poat111arked on or before midnight of March 30, 1929. Though
orders are received a few days after the date they will ba filled
if postmarked before midnight of March 30th.

## .,,,,,,,,,_, _____ ,t, _________________________________ ·-------;


# ·'

. .

# '


# : Mail Thia Blank Before March 30, 1929 :

: d-laldeman-Julius Publications :
: Dept. G-83, Girard, Kansas :
: Send me at once the 60-volume HIGH SCHC )UCATIONAL :
'· COURSE. Unless my remittance (check, money o;:.:ler or cash) for :
: $2.98 is enclosed herewith, I agree to pay the postman $2.98 (plus .7c :
: C. O. D. fee, which goes to.the postoffice) on delivery. It is understood :
: that I am to make no further payments whatever, and that you are :

## S

to pay the postage to 'my address, '

# :

\

# :

, Name ••.•••••• ,• .••••••••• :. • • • • Address •••••••• • .. ~. •t• • •t• • • •r•• :

# :


## '

, City ..•.• , •••••. ,. •••••.•...• , . . . . . . . Stnte ...•...•.•.•••• •. : ,
' NOTE: No C. O. D. orders can be ~ent to Canada or forel!l,n coun· 1
: tries. These must remit In adv~~ce by lnternat~onal postal mo~ .. y order
: or draft on alfy U. s. bank. •
~,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

# ..

,.,

# .....•.•.•

,.,,,,,.~
