# 1250 Left

**Source File:** 1250 Left.pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1477316810.0

---

## •


# :?LAST ·CJ.\·LL!


# '

;::. . .
. .... . . .
. . "~ '. ~ .

# Final Clean-Up

Siil~

# uf 'Only


# t,250 Sets for-, Readers of


# THE WA,SHINGTON POST


# You have until midnight of March 30, 1929,


# I


# '


# II

·~ :~ .-,·~:,~:&:~:~e

# LAST


# Cil~


## This advertisement is appeari~g ;{jjf


## few papers-just enough to


# clean·


# tf=µt;1


## small stock. This is positively :yo~~:f-


# .. _


## ~-..,


## chance. When these 1,250 sets ate~ii_Ci'M"·"''


## the. new edition will cost you $1Q~OO'~P.


## set instead of $2.98. ·· . ;: /

·~ 'L

# to get one of these


# for


# only $2.98


# postpaid!

.• ...>;.

# ,·HIGH SCHOOL EDUCATIONAL COURSES

·1·

# ,,,


# W

E have only a very few sets left of our
60~volume
edition of the popu
. lar HIGH SCHOOL EDUCATIONAL COURSE. We are offering
these last sets, for quick sale, at the same price of $2.98, payment in full,
until midnight of March 30, 1929. This means that your order must be
. postmarked on or before midnight of March SOth, if you are to get one of
these ffiGH SCHOOL EDUCATIONAL COURSES at the bargain price of
$2.98, fully prepaid. Incidentally, by ordering on or before this date, you
save $7. For when these 1,250 remaining sets are gone, the contents of
these 60 handy books will be issued in two large, expensively produced
cloth-bound volumes, at $5.00 each, or $10.00 for the set. These two large
volumes will contain every word that the smaller volumes

# SAVE now contain; not a thing will be omitted. We have de-:

cided to make the edition more sumptuous-and conse
quently more expensive--because of the tremendous $ 7 00
impression that these worth-while· books have made on
• · the people clamoring for self-education. Meanwhile, we
have 1,250 sets of the 60-volume edition-60 books in handy pocket size
to sell for $2.98 per set. We are giving the public a final chance to seen.re
this material in this convenient form. When these 1,250 sets are gone,
the 60-volume edition will be discontinued, and the two large, more expen
sive volumes will take its place. This is positively your last chance to
secure this sensational HIGH SCHOOL EDUCATIONAL COURSE for
only T\VO DOLLARS AND NINETY-EIGHT CENTS! Hurry! Don't
hesitate! Sign and mail the order blank immediately. This price is making
publishing history [ Seize this opportunity NOW l Haste is imperative!
Rush your order so that it will have a postmark before midnight of March
30, 1929. Pay for the books when they reach you, but by all means get
that order blank in the mail! Remember-March SOth is the deadline.
Get YOUR order mailed in time.

# Complete Description


# M AKE no mistake about what these books are. The set contains GO

different books, or 60 separate volumes. Each volume measures
3 ¥..x5 inches, and tho books run to 64 pages ea.ch. The type is 8-polnt
(the size used In the average dally newspaper), a.nd it Is clear a.nd easy to
read. The manner of setting these books enables us to put 16,000 word~
of text in each book, so you see the books are not sketchy, or mere "out•
!lnes." Ea<~h text is complete In Itself. The total number of pages in
the set Is 3,488: the total number of words exceeds 825,000! ls not this
a bargain at $3.98? And we pay the postage to your address! Many

## or

the books have illustrations or diagrams to make the text more under•
standable. The books are uniformly bound in stiff, substantial covers.
You will be amazed and delighted with the worth of this set.

# T EXTBOOKS are often dry and musty. This. Educatlona.I _Course will be found

refreshingly different from the usual educational volume._ Every book has been
w·rltten with the reader constantly in mind. Every -page Is clear and readily under·
standable by the average person. No attempt ls spared to provide books which
ever~one can use to learn without the aid of an Instructor.
Every book in this 60-volume set is self-teaching-that is the plan that underlies
them all, to make no instructor necessary. Of course, the books are of no value
unless you read them with the determination to learn. There le no royal road to

# Easy


# to


# Understand

knowledge just by letting your eyes run Idly over
the printed page! But if you have real ambition,
then these are books to help you get ahead-these
are books which may be of more genuine benefit to
you than all four ~·ears of formal high school
training.
Thtl simplicity of ·these books ts truly amazing.
You will be gratified to find them entirely lucid In
every way. No subject Is kept difrtcult-all are presented to you so that you can
get the most out of them. Just reading these books Is educative to an extent that
yon can not realize unless you try the experiment! Furthermore, every volume Is
Interesting. The type is of a size to make reading easy. The authors have been
Interested in their subjects, and this makes It certain that those subjects are pre
sented in a delightfully fascinating manner.
'Vhat makes some textbooks difficult for the ordinary reader is that essential facts
have been left out-such facts to be supplled by the teacher. Jn this Educational
Course every fact is Inserted ln the text. With attention and determination a thor
ough grasp can be had of the subjects represented in this course (see the complete
list at right). It Is not necessary to ask questions-every question has been fore
eeen and already answered by the writers who have ma.de this set a marvel of clear
ness and completeness.

# Answers Questions Like These

All of these Questions and hundreds of others. are under&tandablJ' answered ln thla
60-volume EDUCATIONAL· COURSE. tntallns ftnme 825,000 words of text-&nd the price
or 60 books lo onl:v $2.98. pa.;vment In tull. This price Include• the postase to your e.ddre5li.
At such an ama.z1nsl7 low cost.. can you honest.1:1 atrord to be without a. 6et of books whlcb
1>roml6e to be so U&eful and value.ble to rou?
(l) Who •aid: "Where il'norance ia bliu, 'tia folly to be wiae 7" (2)
What ia meant by "aquarinl' the circle?" (3) What have the followins
name• in common: Van Buren, Tyler, Polk, Fillmore, Pierce? (4) What
are the four form• of Engliab Compoaition? (5) What ia Paychology?
(6) Who were Donatello, Cellini, Bolopa, Rodin? (7) What ia the Milley
Way? (8) Who wu Delilah? (9) What famoua apeecb bel'in11 "Frienda,
Romana, countrymen, lend me your ears?" (10) What do the followin11
mean: (a) "Sprechen ale Deutach;" (b) "Parlez.voua francaia1" (c)
"Habla uated Eapanol ?" ( 11) How far doea a falling body drop in the
first aecond after atartins; from rest? (12) What does "ibid." mean?
(13) What waa the Roman l'ad of war? (14) What were the three ordera
of Greek architecture? (15) What chiefly canoed the U. S. Civil War?

# C ONSIDER for a moment the wide scope of these sixty books-think. just how

comprehensive they are! There are 826,000 v;ords in these sixty volumes.
They include o. wonderful vo.rlety of subjects, from history and economics and
literature to mathematics, foreign languages o.tid the arts. Even commercial sub·
jects, sucb as geography and typewriting, are Included. You get a substaatlal foun
dation in the arts, and an Insight into the great world of science. Then there are
the handy reference volumes, the alphabetical dictionaries, which give you concise
information just when you need It and exactly as you want It.
Four foreign languages-the languages which most Engllsh·speaklag people de
l'!lre to learn-are given ln this set. These foreign languages a.re selC-teachlng In
-these bandy volumes. They may be readily grasped with the a.Id or these books.
,:_

# Variety of


# Subjects

E\'erythlng you need ls here-this series is compact
and complete In ltselt. This ls a course crammed with
i·aluable Information and useful knowledge. There
are two Yolumes or questions and answers (quizzes)
with which you may test your knowledge from time
to lime. There Is that excellent genera.I treatise on
"How to Study"-thls work alone Is really worth the
entire price of the set In the Yaluable blots It glYes and
in the manner In which It enables the al·erage person to study In such u wa.y that
he wlll get the most possible good out or his efforts.
You will find It Invaluable lo bave at hand many of tbese books which you may
not use at tlrst. Though some of the subjects may seem to you apart from your
present )nterests, they will sooner or later come In handy. Ev1ory one, today, should
have a representative library of reference to which he can turn In search of facts
when he requires them. That Is what makes this course so thoroughly useful, and
that Is wh)' sixty volumes were chosen as the ideal number of books for thA set.
In our modern civilization, with the miracles or modern printing, knowledge Is
within every one's reach. There Is no longer any excuse for any Individual to re·
main In Ignorance. Lack oC knowledge Is not tolerated. Today you must be
J;Jroi;-ressl,Yely alert-keep abreast of the tlmes--and maintain a standard of educa
tion that le on a par with the knowledge of your fellows. This GO·volume EDUCA
TIONAL COURSE will be a forward etep ln this direction; these sixty boolul will
be worth far more than $2.98 to you In achieving this much to be desired result.
Ilfall that blank before It Is too la.ta! ·

# HALDEMAN-JULIUS PUBLICATIONS


## :.Dept. G-50 GIRARD, KANSAS


# I


# •


# A C T N O


# Here's What You Get-


# A Complete List of All the Titles in


# 60-Vo lume Educational Course


# the

nfl'OltTA.:';'l' Xo'l'E: These volumes are or!ginal, copyright works. :n·ailable ooly io tbt•
series aod p1·cparcd edpe.:lally for the series of whieh they are a part. Those 60 buoli>; must
be ordered as a set-the l11dlvldual titles should not I.Jc ordered separately.
ENGLISH (GRAMMAR)
1. Common Faults in Writing English.
Containing Faults of Grammar, Miscel
laneous Faults, Errors in the Use of
Words and Index.
2. Spelling Self Taught. Containing
General Principles, Capital and Hyphen,
Word Groups (with helpful rules),
Word Building and Changing, etc.
3. Grammar Self Taught. Containing
the Parts of Speech, the Sentence, Pars
ing, etc.
4. Punctuation Self Taught. Contain
ing examples and rules for use of Period,
Comma, Semi-colon, Colon, Interroga
tion Point, Exclamation Mark, Quota
tion Marks, Parentheses, Dash, etc.;
with Exercises for D.rill.
5- 4,000 Words Often Mispronounced.
Containing 4,000 words with correct
pronunciation in easily understandablti
symbols.
·6. How to Improve Your Conversa
tion. Containing Fundamental Precepts,
Vocabulary, Dramatic Effect,
Gestur~
and Gesticulation, Laughter, Dialect and
Dialogue, Etiquette in Conversation, etc.
7. How to Improve Your Vocabulary.
Containing Single Words, Words in
Combination, etc.
8. How to Write Letters for All Oe
casions. Containing the Rhetoric of the
Letter, Friendly Letters, Love Letters,
Social Letters, and Some Conventions of
Letter Writing.
9. How to Prepare Manuscripts. Guide
for Writers on How to Submit Manu
scripts for Publication.
10. How to Argue Logically. The
Precepts and Art of Discussion.
HISTORY
11. An Outline of United States His
tory. Containing American Begin
nings, Founding of the Union, Expan
sion and Conflict, etc.
12. History of the American Revolu
tion.
13. History of the U.S. Civil War.
14. Lives of U. S. Presidents. Brief
biographies with pen portraits.
15. Current Events: Debate on U. S.
Dry Law. Clarence Dan-ow vs. Wayne
B. Wheeler.
LITERATURE (General)
16. Facts You Should Know About
the Classics. Containing Classics of the
Ancient World, Classics of the Middle
Ages, Classics of the Modern Period.
17. One Hundred Best Books to Read.
A reading guide.
18. The Enjoyment of Reading. Notes
on the appreciation of literature.
THE ARTS
19. Painting and Painte~s. Contain
ing the Beginnings of Painting, Greek
Painting, Roman Painting, Renaissance,
Dutch Painters, etc.
20. Sculpture and Sculptors. Contain
ing the Beginnings of Sculpture, Italian
Decadence, Eighteenth and Nineteenth
Century, etc.
21. Music and Musicians. Containing
Music of the Ancients, Church Music,
etc.
22. Dictionary of Musical Terms.
23. The Story of Architecture. Facts
you should know about the evolution of
lmildings.
LANGUAGES (Foreign)
24. Latin Self Taught. Complete with
Introduction, Rules, Syntax, Vocabu
lary, etc.
25. French Self Taught. Complete
with Introduction, Rules, Syntax, Vo
cabulary, etc.
26. Spanish Self Taught. Complete
with Introduction, Rules, Syntax, Vo
cabulary, etc.
27. German Self Taught. Complete
with Introduction, Rules, Syntax, Vo
cabulary, etc.
BUSINESS (Commercial Subject&)
28. Outline of Economics (Wealth).
Containing Machinery, Production, In
dustry, Exchange, Banks, Interest,
Profits, Rent, Wages, Taxes, etc.
29. How Wall Street Works. How
money is made in the buying and selling
of stocks and bonds.
30. United States Com me r c i a I
Geography.
31. A Handbook of Commercial Law.
Containing Contracts, Mortgages, Real
Estate, Insurance, etc.
32. How to Write Business Letters.
Complete with samples.
33. Typewriting Self Taught. Ap
proved touch system, with exercises,
diagram, etc.
34. How to Write Telegrams Prop
erly.
SCIENCE
35. Chemistry for Beginners. Con
taining the Elements, Atomic Weights,
Valency, Periodic Law, Formulae, Or
ganic and Inorganic Chemistry, etc.
36. Physics Self Taught. Containing
Gravitation, Inertia, Force, Motion,
Heat, Light, Sound, Electricity and
Magnetism.
37. Astronomy for Beginners. Con
taining the Solar System, the Sun, the
Planets, the Moon, Comets, Stars, etc.
38. Psychology for Beginners. Con
taining the Mind, Subconscious, Will,
Perception, Memory, etc.
39. The Riddle of Human Behavior.
40. Evolution Made Plain. The facts
about the evolution of the earth and lifo
upon it.
41. Great Men of Science.
42. Facts You Should Know About
Animal Life (Introduction to Zoology).
Containing the Classification of the Ani
rr.al Kingdom.
43. Manual Training: Elements of
Woodworking.
MATHEMATICS
44. Elementary Plane Geometry Self
Taught. Complete with theorems,
problems, diagrams, etc.
45. Curiosities of Mathematics. Con
taining Squaring the Circle, Pi, Trisec
tion of an Angle. Compound Interest,
Prime Number, etc.
46. Arithmetic Self Taught (Part J).
Containing Numeration and Notation,
Addition, Multiplication, Subtraction,
Division, Factoring and Cancellation,
Fractions, Decimals, Percentage, Aver
ages, Ratio an9 Proportion; with Exer
cises.
47. Arithmetic Self Taught (Part
II). Containing Powers, Roots, Inter
est, Gain and Loss, Disc9unts, Weights
and Measures, Area, Volume, Practical
Proportion; with Exercises.
REFERENCE MANUALS
48. Familiar Quotations. Complete
guide to famous quotations.
49. Popular Shakespearean Quota·
lions. All the famous Jines.
50. A Dictionary of Classical l\tyth·
ology.
51. A Dictionary of Biblical Allu·
sions.
52. A Dictionary of Foreign Words
and Phrases (in Frequent Use in Eng
lish).
53. An International Dictionary of
Authors.
54. A Dictionary of Geographical
Names (Gazetteer).
GENERALS HELPS
:l;). How to Get a Libedal Education.
56. The Secret of Sel'f De,·elopment.
57. Re\·ealing Comments on Human
ity and Life.
58. How to·Study. Containing What
to Study, Environment of Study, Tech
nique of Study, etc.
QUIZZES (Tcata)
59. 600 Questions and Answers.
What do you know?
60. 400 Questions and Answers. Gen
eral information quizzes.

# All 60 Books for


# $2~98


# Until


# March 30, 1929

.!'."t

# y

OU get 60 books for $2.9S as Joos- as these remaining sets last and If your orCei.
Is malled on ol' bt'fore midnight of !\larch 30, 19:J9! This IH slightly less'thmf
ll\'e cents per book-can you Imagine uny IJook. treating-, In a text or 16,000

# wordy,

(the total words In each of these books, on the average), a subject like Grammar-~1{­
Economlcs or U. S. History, that is not worth VIVE c.,;NT8. This HIGH SCI-IQ~
EDUC~TiONAL COUR8E. la this 60-rnlume handy e<jltlon, is a bargain or barg.il.lnsJ.
There 1s nothing like It anywhere. It Is unique In the Held of popular education • ; X
Think or all that this course can mean to you. The bool<s are each :i 'f..x& Inches :In:,
size. They flt readily Into a pocket. !Jandl.lag or Hatchel. They talce up very Uttl~:
room on a table or In a drawer. Belug so compact. yet so comprehensive and reitd:;:
able, these books will be worth more to you than you can guess. You can cai:~j;
several with you wherever you i;-o, to utilize in your Hpare lime. \Vlth a set of thell'~
books to cboose from, you can make e\·ery odd mument count-make your nnw..
"'asted minutes pav you dl.-ldends! You know that you could often get a lot ii!:.
good from a book If you only had It handy when you need it! This handy edition
solves tha• problem. Get a set today! ... The authors of these sl.~ty educational
\'Olumes were especially chosen to prepare these work.~ so that the a\•erage perso~
may readily asslm!late their contents. In oplte of the serrnalionnl IO\V cost of theee
books, they ba\•e been written hy a.uthor!ties In their various flelcls. Some of the-
writers who have helpPd to make This 111(;11 SCHOOL EDUCATIONAL COURSE.;
POSSIBLE am: PROFESSOI-t CARROLL LA~!·; l•'E:-\TO::\. of the llnlverslty of Cirii.>'
rlnnatl; JOH:\' CO\VPER PO\VYS. famous lecturer and rritic; JOSEPH McCAB~,':
world famouR scholar and nurnor nf 1 SO hookH: LA \\'1u-;::-:cE.: rt_ BARRETT. Hli!,i,;
Srhool l~•trurtor of llfathemntlr•; JOI!!\." S. GA~1BS, High i·it'hnnl Teacher; MAYNAflU
SIIIPLhY. President of tlw Srtenre Lra,,;uc llf AmPrlra; LLOYIJ l•:. S:lllTH, former·
C'ollege F:nglfsh as~!~tant: HEIU·:WARD C.\HHINllTO"-'. l"ew York Scleotlst· J GEO.
FHE:DERICK. romrnerclal expnt: Dlt. ISAAC COLDBEHli, well-known cr1tic: 0 MUR-" 0
IL\Y SHE1'~HAN, edncoitor anu n1well•t: LEO MAHKCl\1. resear<'ll student; NELSON':
A:">:TRI:ll CilA"WFORD. well-known writer: CLARE:-.:c1'~ DAHROW, famous lawyer~
etc .• etc. . . . Tilus, It ls certain that e\'cry one of these books is of outstanding
excellenC"e. As a reading course this set ran nnt be surpassed-for the prfce of'·
$2.98 you get 825,000 words of text. nearly a million words' The general editor.;
ship has l.ieen under the direction or 1'~. HALDEMAN JULIUS. famous for his cam:...
palgnH of popular education and for providing good reading al a. price within reach'
or e\'eryone's pocketbook.

# 825,000 Words


# .


# of Text!


# 3,488 Pages


# AH


# For


# $


# .98


# Payment


# in Full


# 1929! UNTIL MARCH 30,


# GRAB THIS LAST CHANCE!


# N ow you can fill in those embarrass

ing gaps In your knowledge. Here,
tu 60 handy volumes which fit your
11ocket or handbag, you can
~ot
tho cs. .
sealials of the usual High School Educa
tion for only 1$2.98. Thi!; ls poslth·oly
all ;vou p113·-lt you use the special order
blank below before our remaining sets
are gone---mall It beforo rnidnlgh t of
March 30, 1929.
What do the words "A High School
Education" mean? They meun a thor
ough grounding In those essen tlals of
modern knowledge l\'hlch enables a per
son to he the most etYlcleat in the every
day activities of bis work and or hl11 con
tact with others. "'hen IL Is required
that a person ha \'e a High School Educa
tion, It Is meant that such a person must
he equipped with a substantial back
ground of Eni;-llsh, History, General
Literature. some Languageli. Commer
dal Subjects (Business and Economics).
:\lathematlcH, Science and the Arts. It
I~
expected that such a person will have his
Intelligence alert and trained to enable
him to leal'n new things readily, to know
where to look for facts not already In his
possession: ln short, to be a man or a
woman a ware of those fundamentals
which form the basis of every education
and or all culture.
Probably you have ofteu felt the lack'
of knowledge you really ought to have al
your command. Perhaps you did not get
the most out or your school days, or pos
sibly you were obliged to leave school be·
fore you had completed your education.
Or your High School training has sllpped
Into the past, and you are "rusty" on
many subjects. Whatever the reason for
the lack., you feel that the void is there
-and you want to 1111 In tho gapR! This
60-volume HIGH SCHOOL EDUCA
TIONAL COt;RSE ls just the thing for
you-It Is compr-eheusl\'e. easily under
staodahle, thoroughly reliable and au
thentic, and absolutely up to date.
"'hether you wl1<h to study Hlgl1
School Subjects for the tlrdt time. or
whether you merely WIFh to re..-lew your
!Ugh School Edncalfon. you will flnd
these 60 h<>oks exactly what you need.
Read the list of titles carefully 11.s listed
at the left-and remember, all yon pay
for all 60 of these spl,..ndld books Is two
dollars and nlnt"ty·elght cents!
A worrl alrout thlq ast'111i,hlng low
cost-the price o[ ~2.n~
for all t;(J
these books I;; possible, has been pos
sible, bec.ause of mass productlon. These
books have been l.Joui;-ht by more than
250,000 people. The popularity of these
books Is lrreCutalJle 'Indication that they
nre tllllng a widespread need. Indeed,
of
the price Is so low that many people get
the set just to have the books handy for
rerercn~e. At such- a price no one can
nffor4 to be without these books. In
usnai library form they would cost peF
haps $25; in the new two-volume cloth
edition they will cost $10-but you ean
gPt the 8nme material, word for word, fn
60 po<'kat-slzed vol.umes. for only $2.98
postpaid! But remember-March 30th
le tile last day ( Grab this chance NOW.
Amazlni;- as it sounds, It le quite true
tl1at $2.U8 111 FULL and FINAL PAY
J\lfo:XT ror all 60 of the books in this
HI<1H S C H 0 0 L EDUCATIONAL
COL'RSE. There are no ,strings attached
to this offer-$2.98 Is nil you pay. Think
how exp"n'Ive a High School education
usually is in comparison-here you get
60 hooks for no more than one average
textbook eosts In school. And you dls
pen~e
with the Instructor altogether;
you become your own teacher, learning
as you read.
We pay t11e postage to your addres!'I
on this 60-volume sot. The price of
S~.9R Includes all charges except the
Hmall C. o. D. fee (exactly seven cents),
which goes to tlle U. S. postol!'.lce. All
packing 11-nd carriage
~ha.rges
are other
wise fully paid You can avoid any pos
sible delay or Inconvenience (0. 0. D.
packages sometimes move slower than
rngular parcel post, and If you are not
t1orue when the pack.age Is first delivered
It may C'ause you a little Inconvenience)
hy remitting $2.!18 with your order.
Satlsfled customers everywhere guaran
teo the value or tltls set of books. You
Hr(' HHSU rP.d nf Rat fsfactiOh-Wben you
see the honl<r< you will he cnnYlneed that
they are worth the bargain price of
8:0:.!.I~.
l!nw<'ver. g1•nd no money with the or·
<Irr uule"s
~-<:>u
wlNh to. \\'e shall be
glad to
~•'nd
the hooks C. 0. D. if you
prefer. Ju,t mall the blank anrl pay the
poRtman nu delf\·ery.
l'Il.O~IPT
SERV:
TCE
Gt:ARA~TEED.
All
~-011
have to do Is ,;ee that your
order ls ntafl<'d on or hPfore midnight of
~larch ~O.
J
!l~!i. ~"
ynu'll gel one of the
1 .:!Zi h rer11u1n1ng ~els.

# YOU HA VE UNTIL MIDNIGHT


# OF MARCH 30, 1929


# TO GET YOUR ORDER IN THE MAIL

T~.<P. P'•'ll!lt1Htrk ,, Ill 1.~11 th,. ~!Or)• .\It ,,r,Jt'r!'; \\'Ill hP fl!IPt!
\\ l!lt:h arf' l'O!<>tma.r)<r>d r•?l 11r t ... :nr1• 1r:1d111~ht nf :\iH.r1.·h 311, 11'2~.
Th1•llKh t"irc.lerA urfl r.,r,·l\·~c1 n r .. ,,.
flt1~ ~after thP d.ntt· they \\'Ill
be flllcd 1! J"oOBln1arri.rd, lH:"ftJrC 1nld111p.:)1t Of 1\1areh ~f)th.

# Mail This Blank Before March 30, 1929

Haldeman-Julius Publications
Dept. G-50, Girard, Kansas
Send me at once the 60-·rnlumc HIGH SCHOOL EDUCATIONAL
COURSE. l:nless my remittance (check, money order or cash) for
$2 98 is enclosed herewith. I agree lo pay the postman $2.98 (plus 7c
C. O. D. fee, which goes to the postoffice) on delivery. lt is under
stood that I am to make no further payments whatever, and that you
are to pay the postage to my address.
!': ame .......................... Address .................•.•••
City ....................................... State ....••••••• ••
NOTE
1
No C. O. D. order& can be aent to Canada or foreil'D couo- "·
trlea. These muat nmit in advance h7 International poatal man"7 orcleio ·' ·
or draft on &DJ' U. S. bank. ' -·,,. 1, ,,

## -._ .:

~-:f~~7~~-

## ..

~~-~-::'"~

## );
