# out(606)

**Source File:** out(606).pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1476836422.0

---

## Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.


# LI FE


# To Withdraw Sc Price JUne 30


## At Midnight ol June 30, 1923, the Price ol the Pocket Series Goes Back to 10 Cents Per Copy/


# Until Then You Can Take Your Pick at the Amazing Price ol Only Sc Per Book/ Price Must


# be Raised to 10c, Due to Great Increases in Cost ol Material-Order Before Price is Raised

Prices of material only remotely affect prices of· books Issued· by
the average publisber, because their prices are set so far above actual
cost of production. But the Haldeman-Julius Pocket Serles la differ•
ent These 350 books are produced In mass production-and therefore
the' prices of paper, Ink, cover stock, stitching wire, etc., are Imme•
diately reflected In the finished product. The Haldeman-Jullua plant
is the Ford plant of the publishing world, Jn this vast prlntery It Is
necessary to keep an e!'lormous equipment a~ work. Skilled labor, in
the Utile town of Glraril, cannot be called In and used for a while and
then let go, We must keep our workers busy, In the same way that
we must keep our great plant going full blast, If we could lay off
our force a~ will then all would be simple, We could do as the old
line publishers do-print up an edition and then wait for It
out at fixed blgh prices. Tbls brings us to a new problem. Jn keep
ing our 11reat line of machines 11oln11 we are faced with the situation
of amazing Increases In the price of all the e&1entlala that go Into
book-making. Our last contract for book paper and cover stock Just
expired and we bave but ten carloads of paper In· our warehouses at
the old low prices, On July
to be aold
1 we begin receiving new supplies of
book paper and cover stock under a contract that demands an amaz
ing Increase In price, We have canvassed the paper market and we
find that we cannot get paper cheaper. To buy high-priced paper at
new coat levels and keep our machinery going full force would mean
a serious loss-would mean ruin-If we Intended to continue selling
the books at 5c per copy-a price that waa decided upon when basic
coats were .va•_tly lower.
UNTIL
JUNE 30

# Take Your Pick at only Sc Per. Book

UNTIL
JUNE II
Drnmn 27 Last Dara Condemned
295 ~raster Dullder. Ibsen 151 M!~anivouf.iug~e King,

## gy t~ 1 V:~~· a~~lberkensando 148 s1~~m:'/~gor Strong,

316

## Pr~::;,t1~!~ 1 s~ck

Aeschylos 41

## x~:~d~~rol. Dickens

303 stoops to Conquer 57 Jllp Van Winkle, Irving
134 ~\f~~~\!~~pe, ~Iollere

# f gg

~'1ra~g~~h. A~~::::ev
:~ ~!M:~:· o}"s~~letr. Ibsen

# l8f

~g~~\'tirk ~/ 01 ~ffnd~al~~elts
l6 Salome. \\'Ihle 85 Atlack on Mm. Zola
nt Ju~~~:~~~f.e o~. 1 ~~ng f~g ~ri~:rsy~·s"~~~r:rilu~Jes
Lndy Wlmlermere's 37 Dream or Dall. Morris
Fan. Wilde 40 Jlouse & Drain, Ll'llon
131 ttedcmpllon. Tolslol 72 Color or Life. Baldo·
!19 'fartutTe. Mollero man·Jullus
226 J'ro!. llcrnhardL 198 3!aJesty or Jusllce.
Sclmltzler Anatole France
Shnkespenre's Plnys 2 ~5i ~1~acfm!.~ R~r,:~f.~v Shaw
210 Tho Tempest 285 Euphorlan. Moore
2H Mern" Wh·es Windsor 219 Human Tragedy, France
212 ,\s You Like JI. 106 The Marquise. Sand
213 Twellth Nishi 239 26 lien and Girl. Oorkl
2H lluch Ado Nothing 29 Dreams. Bcluelner
245 ,.leasure for Measure 232 Three Strangers, Hardy
216 Hamlet 217 Man Wllhout a Counlry

## ~U tli.~~e'llenrr • v History and Biography

~l~ ·lt::~~e~ ~~~saJuuet :RO Llifen~~ lesu9, Ernest
:51 ~lldsummer Night's 183 Life or Jack London

## ~~~ ~\'~~l'lienry

v111 269 .

## co~~r1~!ar1Fra~aJ::ir11 m

rti~~nt.,~~ ShrelV 270 contemporary Portraits m

## 1~f~~s1f.~~/;~~ls

Part I 171

## Co~~~\n~rarir~~~~1~'.rls

1 IV p t JI Vol. 3. Frank Jlarrls
i~~ ~:~= fi:~:; YI.' P!:t J 272 Contemporary Portraits.
260 !Ong Henry VI. Part JI Vol. 4. Frank Harris
261 !\Ing Henry VI. Parl JU 328 Ad<llson and His Time
262 l'omedy or Errors

# gn tu:


# gf

~.~g;.~·
i~i JH~~ ifl~Yiard JU 323 Life or Joan or Arc
265 1\lng Jllchar<l 11 339 Thoreau-tho ~Ian \Vho
267 Pericles Escaped From Herd.
2tl8 Merchant of Venice

# fil

Pu\i~o:y C~~sa~~smttteOlles
330

## ~'ho ~r.~~tl~n

tho Deast.

# m


# m:mfc


## ~rl~~.~llnJlnger

333 )l~f:~~~i1storles. Kipling 175 Be~·,~~~. or Illslorr.
JSS .\lh·entures or Daron 104 "'aterloo. Hugo
~lunchausen. 5:1 Yoltalre. Hugo
3>2 Short Stories. William 125 War Speeches or Wilson
332 Tii'.1°~/:n Who Was and 1U ~~!:,\~~k·~ 1 ~tr:nd Works
Other Storle8. Kipling 286 When Puritans Ruled
~80 llav11y Prince. Wilde :Jl3 Life or Columlms
H:t 'l'lmc of 'ferror. llatzao 66 Crimes of Borglas. Dumas
182 Ualsy Miller. 11. James 287 Whlsller: The Man and
162 lluo Morgue, Poo Illa Work
315 l~larlmomle, Oautler 51 Liie of Bruno
292 FIO. Ile Maupassant 147 Crom1<ell & Ria Tim<•
199 TallolV Dall. De Mau• 236 lieut Al!alra Jlenrr Vlll
passant 50 · Paine's Common Sense
G De MaUJJ&BBant'a Stories 88 Vindication of Paine,
Hi Halzac'a Stories Jngersoll ·
3U Uon Juan. Balzao 83 Brann: Sham Smasher
318 Christ In Flanders. 163 Life In Oreeco and Romo
Balzac 214 Bpeechea of Lincoln m
~~~cc:, o~le~~~ra'soauller

# m

~r.:c~:e O/m~~.'l~ngton
Nights. Oaullor 223 Essay on Swinburne
3ll Short Slorles. Daudet 150 Loot Clvlllzallon•.
58 IJoccacelo'a Stories 227 Keats. The Man and
45 Tolslol'a Short Stories · Jlls Work
2~5 ~~:·so!~e\i~~. MV~:'' uo co~r~t~e ct~f.u~~ff:·
H5 Great Ohoat Slorlea 201 Satan and the Saints
21 earmen, Merlmee 07 Church History.
ai~ U!f~f.Jeer~n~.tor~~maa ~g~ lrr~e 8 otF~~!! 1 :e!r:.st
38 Jekyll and Uydo 123 Ltre or Du Darry
279 Will o' Mill. Stevenson 139 Ltro o! Da~le
311 Lodging for Night. 69 Life or Mary, Queen or
Stevenson Scots

# SPECIAL BARGAIN

We have an amazln1 bar1aln for thole who order full
sets of 351 volumes. At He per copy this set la worth
'35-our •peclal price only $11.tO, which la le. . than Sc
per volume, If you want fuJJ set ahlppecl prepaid, add
$1.69, or $11.St for 351 boob and carrla1e charpa.
5 Ltre or John;,.n,
Macaulay
174 Trial of Wllllam Penn
Humor
291 Jumping Frog, Twain
18 ltlle Thoughts. Jerome
lGO English ao She la Spoke
Twain
231 Humorous Sketches.
Twain
205 Artemus Ward. Illa
Dool\,
181 Whlsller's Humor
216 Wit or Heino, Eliot
20 Let's Laugh, Nasby
Literature
109 Dante and Olher
\Vantng Classics.
Vol, 1. Mordell,
110 Dante and Olher
\Vanlng Classics.
Vol. 2. Mordell
349 An Apology tor Idlers.
Btetenson.
355 Aucassln and Nlcolete,
Lang
278 Friendship, elc. Thoreau
195 Naturt-. Thoreau.
220 Enc1and In Shakespeare's
Time. Finger
194 Chesterfield's Letters
. 63 Defense or Poelrr.
~helley
97 Lore Letters of King
llenrr Vlll
3 Essays. Voltaire
·2s Toleration. Voltaire
89 . Lore Lellers or Oenlus
186 How I Wrote "Tho
Ra'fen." Poe
87 Love; Montaigne
48 Dacon'a Essays
60 Emerson's Essara
8-l Letters of Portuguese
Nun
26 Oolng to Church. Bha11
135 BoclallBID for Millionaires.
Shaw
61 Tolstol'a Essass
116 ~·our Essays. Ellis
160 Shakespeare. Ingersoll
75 Choice or Books.
Carlyle
288 ChesterDeld and Rabel·
ala. Balnle·Deure
'16 Prince or Peace. llrran
80 On Reading. Brandes
95 ConfeBBlons of Opium
Eater
213 Lincoln. Ingersoll
117 subJoctlon or Wo!Den.
11

## w!f~\~g. Thoreau

10 Lamb's Essays
235 f:ssars. Chesterton
7 Liberal Education.
233

# Llr°!),"l

Art. Goethe
225 Condescension In For·
cfgners. Lowell
221 Women, and Other
Essays. Maeterlinck
218 f.~~~:''Dfu~~mpson
299 Prose Nature ·Notes.
Whitman
315 Pe~ 11 j.encll, Polaon.
313 Decay of Lying. Wiide
36 Soul or Man. Wiide
293 Villon: Stevenson ·
Maxims and Epigrams
'l1 What Great J.len Bue
said About Women
304 What Oreat Women
ll&To said About lien
179 From Emerson m
\vT!::.~•r3
Lamb
56 or InJerson
106 • Sand
168 Wilde
G9 or Wit and
Bocbefoucauld
154 Epigrams of Ibsen
197 Wltllclsms De Sovlgne
180 Epigrams or ShalV
155 Maxims. Nanoleon
181 Epigrams. Thoreau
228 Aphorisms, Huxley
113 Prombs of England
114 Proverbs of France

# H3


## ~~~~=~e:


# gf


## ~~r:~

117 Proverbs of Italy
118 Prorerbs of Russia
110 Proicrbs or Ireland
120 Proverbs or Spain
121 l'mrerbs of Arabia
'348 Proverbs or Scolland
380 1•rorerbs of Yugosla\·Ia
l'hllosopl1y & Religion
338 A Gulde to Emerson
218 Essence of the Talmud
II Oulde to Nietzsche
159
322
3l1
124
157
02
9t
05
61
4
55
44
165
96
325
Ilamblen
Gulde to Plato. Durant
Jludclhlst Phllosopl11'
outdo to Blolclsm
Theory Reincarnation
Plato's Republic
103
132
138
211
~chooenhauer's Essays,
Trial and Desth or
Socrates
Mrdltatlons of Aurelius
Eucken: Life and
J>Jtllosophy
,\ge of Reason. Paine
SJJcncer: Ltre and
Works
Aesop's Fables
Dlsco\·ery or Suture.
Wells
Dlalogue11. Plato
Essence of Duddhlsm.
Pocket Theology.
Voltaire
Foundations of Religion
Stutllrs In Pessimism.
Srl1011rnhauer
Idea or Ood In Na1ure.
Miii
212 Liie and Character.

## zoo

101
210
22!
Ooethe
Ignorant Philosopher.
Yoltalre
Thoughts of Pascal
Stoic Philosophy, Murray
Ood: K Un·
284 Poems of Burns
1 Rubaiyat
73 Whitman's Poems
237 Prose Poems. llaudelalre
2 Wilde's llallad or
Reading Jail
32 Poe's Poems
164 Michael Angelo's Sonnets
71 l'oems of Erolutlon
146 Snow-Bound. Pied Ploer
79 F.noch Arden
68 Shakes11eare's Sonnets
281 LB)'S or Anclent Rome
173 Vision or Bir J.aunral
222 The Vampire. Kipling
Science
408 Jnlroducllon to Einstein
I!udglnga
409 Oreat Alen of Science
47 Anlmala of Ancient
. Seas. Fenton.
214 Animals or Ancient
Lands. Fenton.
327 Ice Ase. Finger
321 lllslory or Evolullon
217 Puzzle of Personality
100 . p.rgfi:i'!1~~r:~r:.!!F1e1d1ng
140 Dlology and Splrllua\
Philosophy
215 Dulldlng or Earth
49 Erolutlon. Haeckel
42 Origin or Buman Race
238 Reflections on Science,
Huxley
202 Sunival or Fltlesl
Tichenor
191 Evolullon vs. Religion.
DalmrorUi
133 Ele<lrlcl!Y E1plalned
92 !lypnotlsm Made l'laln
53 Insects and !fen
189 Eugenics. Ellis
Serles of Debates
130 Controversy. Ingersoll and
Oladslono 43
M~~!:r:, 8a~~ 1l,~!~~ce.
208 lrth Control.
ltr and Russell
129 Rome nger·
eoll
122 Sp!f~W:l~sm. Doyle and
19
20!
201
!St
153
known.
o was m u~1a!:l!" .~SS "¥.:~nlngl
~~fi~~~r 206 Capltallsm. Seligman and
Nearing
e. or 23t M~~·a~~l~Iil:l,r Debate
30 \Vhi!~Jo~• !leans to Me l\llscellaneons
' Poetry

# m

m~~ ~~ ~~:rt fft,'l~lng,
3~6 Old English Dallllls 192 Dook o! Brnonyms
296 Lyrlo l.ove. Robert 25 R111·1nlng Dlcllonarr
Drowning, 18 llow rator
.SOI Sailor Chanllea and 82 Faul sh
Cowboy Song11. Finger 127 What Mothers
351 ltcmorles , of Lincoln Should ·
\\111tman 81 Care or the a y
208 Today's l'oelry. An!hotogy 130 Child Training
305 Odes of Horace, Vol. !, 137 Home Nursing
300 Odes er Horace. Vol. 2, 14 What Every Girl Should
9 Great English Poems Kno\f. Airs. Banger
152 l\asldah, Durton 91 Manhood: Facts or Life
283 CoM:i~':lr.h or Miles .

# n

~~rr~~:sho~e~rt Bel
282 lllme or Ancient 98 11011 te Love
!larlner 112 E\·olutlon of Love,
311 I/A llegro. Miiton 203 Jllghls or Women. Ellls
291 Poems. Bouthe.r 209 Aspecla Dlrlh I
329 Dante's Inferno. Vol. I 93 Ho\v to Lire rs
330 Dante•a Inferno. Vol, 11 167 Plutarch's Ru ealth
306 Shropshire Lad. 320 Prince. Machi
Please order by number Instead of titles, For Instance
If you want "Carmen" simply. write down "21." Re
member the minimum quantity la ZO books-as man:v
more as you like. Send money order, check (add ltc
to personal checka for exchan1e) atampa or c:Uh with
all ordera; If you want books ahlpped prepaid, enclose
JO per cent of the amount of your oriler In addition.
Otlierwl•e booka will be aent · expreH collect. Canad.
and forelp price 11 centa per bciok,

# .H aldeman-Jullus Company, Dept. P 111, Clrard, Kansas


## 1
