implemented on the calls, but I feel like I'm still not like a hundred percent. They're like really breaking it up and like kind of making it more conversational. So if we can, I could be the customer and then you do it. That would help me. And then I'll kind of do it after. I'll be fully transparent. I am like a year ago. I was so deep into this. Like I could just rile it off. I'm still pretty good at it, but I haven't like put.
My thought process into like the nuances of the sales have been small. So that's kind of why I have my sheet here, but I can get back into it pretty quick. Yeah. I think as I do two or three of these with you, maybe like the second version will be like, okay, use that one. But yeah.
Let's go through it. So this is how I would take you through it. So at this point, you've done your discovery. You've done a nice job. I think the questions you got to ask are like, hey, if you keep doing what you're doing, are you going to get there? I would ask about their swing thoughts because I'm going to use that in the root flaw. And then you get to really at this point decisively figure out where you're going with the date. What I liked about her was you kind of really honed in on that October 19th date or whatever. Yeah, she tried to do next year. And I was like, we're not doing that.
but you got yeah but you you got to nail that because if you don't nail the date that's kind of like one of those subtle objections that's gonna hit you later yep and i've dealt with that before so if we get to the root flaw okay so mickey so is it cool if we go through uh the golf school and kind of how it's going to work and how we're going to get you in the high 70s yeah for sure okay cool so when we get you to the golf school uh we're going to start with your driver and your wedges and do you know why mickey we're gonna we're gonna start with those two um i think because those are probably where i need the most amount of help
Yeah. I mean, you just told me if we can fix those things, it's going to save you seven shots. Yeah. So we're going to dive in there right away. So Mickey, here's what we found. Like we found that every golfer has about five swing flaws. Okay. Okay. You know, earlier you mentioned like you're trying to swing from the inside. You're trying to strain your left arm. Remember how you told me those things you're thinking about? Yeah. So I don't doubt those are some of your swing flaws.
But if you take anything from this call, Mickey, the big reason why golfers don't improve and where 99% of golfers go wrong is they don't work on their swing flaws in the right order. Does that make sense? Yeah, that makes sense. So if you don't work on your flaws in the right order, you're just in this constant state of correction. I would kind of liken it to your transmissions on your car, but you're trying to fix the exhaust.
right now it might work a little bit then it doesn't work then the car breaks down you kind of see how with your golf game you kind of been maybe spinning your wheels a little bit trying to work on a bunch of different things and it works one day the next day maybe it doesn't work yeah that's how i feel that's that's how i feel i'm out you know every time i'm on the course most you know trying to fix something yeah so like again like you mentioned those things i don't doubt those are some of your swing flaws but if you take anything from this call mickey
the big secret to having an advantage over 99 of golfers is we have to work on your flaws in the right order if we can do that that's what's going to really get you into the high 70s and help you break through any thoughts or questions on that no i i agree i think that makes a lot of sense so here's the deal with your swing flaws everyone's got what we call a root flaw and that's where we need to work first because when we can fix that root flaw mickey
it often fixes two or three other flaws at once. I mean, how would you feel if we could really simplify your swing so when you went out there, you could just play freely enough to think about so many things? Definitely make the game a lot more fun. For sure. Cool. So here's the deal. There's only a couple coaches in the world that are really, really good at fixing the root flaw. And we're going to pair you up with one at this school that you're going to go to.
So we can fix that root flaw, fix two or three other things in your swing, and really just simplify everything that you're doing. That's what we're going to focus on the first morning at the school. So what do you like and not like about that so far? No, I like it. That makes a lot of sense. I mean, like I said, I don't know how to fix it. That's why I've been struggling for so long. So I think that makes a lot of sense. Cool. Yeah, and this is where our coaches are world class. We're going to help you identify it, and then we're going to give you a really easy way to fix it.
And it's going to be like that aha moment where it just clicks. Right. And it's just going to simplify everything you're doing. I mean, how would you compare this root flow process to kind of what you've done before to try to improve? That's a good question. I mean, I feel like when I worked with a coach, they kind of just like tell me to follow through more or maybe like, you know, have a different backswing or something like that or my tempo. Like they don't really get down to any like serious issues. It's just kind of really basic stuff. So I feel like if I can figure out the root issue, it's going to really help me out.
Yeah. I mean, this is so important. Like I, you know, I wasted five years of my time trying to work on my game, not working on the right thing. If you don't work on the right thing and get to this root flaw, I mean, you and I, Mickey, we're often talking in five years, you know, and we're kind of in the same spot. Yeah. I don't want that. You see that can happen pretty easily. Yeah. So, I mean, can we at least agree on one thing?
like starting today we're going to fix that root flaw like i just need to make sure we're at least aligned here that i mean i'm really serious about this because again if all the time i've wasted can we agree that like starting today we're going to really fix this root flaw yeah for sure so that's kind of again like that's kind of how i break it down yeah really good i like that do you mind if i just stop the recording here and kind of say for sure