---
title: "MOM-D1:  Optimizing & Scaling Campaigns"
date: 2019-03-05
duration: 1h 3m
duration_seconds: 3813
vimeo_id: 321544749
folder: "Media Buying Event 2019"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# MOM-D1:  Optimizing & Scaling Campaigns

**Date:** 2019-03-05 | **Duration:** 1h 3m | **Folder:** Media Buying Event 2019

---

The next section, and we're kind of easing our way into it, is we're going to now talk about the next step in rolling out campaigns. And what I want to talk about, what I want to hear from some of you is how are you optimizing campaigns, right? So what does it look like? What is your workflow? What's your process?

What's your system for optimizing a campaign? So now let's say we're beyond this. We've tested the campaign, however it is that you want, whether it's with click-through, whether it's ROI. You've proven that you've got something that's got legs, it's alive, you've got the green light, and now you are rolling it out. And now you want to scale the campaign.

What does it look like? How do you go about optimizing and scaling a campaign? Are you going to multiple channels first? Are you expanding your budget first? Are you expanding your audiences first?

How is it that you are optimizing and scaling your campaigns? And so do you want to put this off, Dave? I think Tom should do this one. I agree. Tom and Matt Lazzas, who is in Denver, but Tom and Matt scaled the Masterclass promo together to record-breaking levels.

They spent about $68 million over 60 days on scaling that promo. So do you want to talk about that? Yeah, sure. This is the only environment where the more you spend, the more impressive it is. No other environment would you be like, that's great.

Yeah, so it was really quick. It was a very fast, rapid scale. Well, I remember launching that campaign on Facebook for the first external test to James Altucher's page. He had a very decent-sized page, like $400K. I took that as the core target in Facebook.

And we got 500 orders in like 10 minutes at like a dollar CPA. And my allowable was like $200. So I was like, holy shit. That was a lot of fun. So it just blew up from there.

And so getting to scale was a matter of having very good feet on the ground in a lot of channels. So Facebook, Google, Yahoo, Native, like RevContent, Outbrand, Taboola. They all had a dedicated person assigned to that channel, affiliate, email. And there was just really good communication between the team and me and Matt to deploy creative, get it tested. And then after we had some really good stats, share it with any external partners that could also help us scale it.

So at this point, we were finding as many Facebook accounts and Google accounts that we could because you get to a peak daily spend threshold per account that you kind of want to stick around. So I think at, you know, we're hitting multi-millions a day. We had like 20 Facebook accounts at full, like full spend, spending 15, 20K at account. Same with Google. I was just going to say, I think it's around 10,000 to 15,000 an account per day.

Yeah, once you get 10,000 to 15,000 per day in an account, you really want to start adding in different accounts and duplicating a lot of the same work that we created. So I think to back it up to like what allowed us to throw an insane amount of gasoline on that offer when we saw the legs that it had was that we already had a very solid foundation. So meaning that we had a multi-channel marketing team that was well established. We had a one person that was just dedicated to email acquisition. We had another marketer that was dedicated to affiliate acquisition.

We had multiple display and native advertising media buyers. And those display native media buyers were at the time before we really went crazy. Scaling was they were really only focusing on one, two maximum networks at a time. Um, I have asked multiple people in the agency space and, um, across the Gora. And we found that like, it really is not manageable for someone to scale an offer on more than two networks.

And if you're really scaling, it's only one. Um, so I would caution you to ever, um, ask your media buyers, display native media buyers to be like, I want you on this, this, these four channels. And I want to be scaling on those four channels, like you're doing them a disservice and you should be hiring more people to support them and those efforts before you ask them of that. So we've had that foundation of like, and we also had tons of partners. We had like, you know, there was a ton of foundation behind that before we hit go.

Um, and it made hitting go a lot easier. Um, I think a, something that people, they lose sight of that multi-channel strategy, um, when they see success on Facebook or Google. And then they're like, for the next nine months, all they do is Facebook and Google and they let the other stuff and they put all their resources towards it. And they let the other, um, channels kind of like fizzle out. Um, and those, and those contacts, you know, you're not in front of those contacts.

You're not, um, that those are all relationship games, especially affiliate and email. That's a relationship space. That's, you know, not programmatic media buying. You gotta, you gotta be there with those people, even on the bad days. Um, so all that said, that was kind of what led that, what gave them a huge, um, jumping off point that we could get so rapidly to such a crazy scale.

And a lot of those systems were never not being familiar with your data. Every single person had like daily tracking, hourly tracking. They knew their numbers, they knew their CPAs, they knew their break-evens. And, uh, you know, having someone on top of the team that can say, Hey, we're a hundred percent higher of CPA on this channel. Uh, but maybe a hundred lower on this other channel.

Telling that person to keep pushing forward, keep trying to make that work. Like you're not, uh, that's not something like when you start getting to a certain threshold, there's things that you can push harder. Um, one hand feeds the other. Yeah. One hand was feeding the other at that point.

Exactly. Um, and then the other thing I would say is, um, speaking to the data is that, uh, I mean, how many times were at that point where we talking to people being like the first thing every single morning, if you review yesterday's data before you start doing any work today. Um, because if you haven't reviewed yesterday's data today, and that's a, that's whether you're scaling or not, that's just, you should be doing that every day. But you, you know, your, your marketers or you or whoever it is, you, you get in, you get in the door and you're like, I have 10 things I need to do today. Um, I'm going to tackle my emails first and I'm going to tackle whatever the next thing is.

Like that's, it should be look at yesterday's data today because really you can't do your job correctly as, um, until you've done that. And I know that's kind of rudimentary in one-on-one, but when we're talking about how do you optimize and scale, like it can be a slippery slope if you're not keeping an eye on those numbers real quick before you're spending that much money. Yeah. You find yourself having to create systems to manage one, like at a macro level, like how can all of this data feed into dashboards that you can see? CPAs on different networks, but also how can you funnel in thousands and thousands of new creative testing every day?

Um, that was an interesting challenge. So, uh, you know, we have to, we're a financial company. We have to get everything approved by legal. Uh, so there's a lot of working with them and developing, um, you know, a lot of big spreadsheets of ad copy headlines, body texts that would have to be constantly checked off and approved or edited, um, with a, with a copy team. But can you take a step back for one second, take a step back and let's go real basic for one second and talk a little bit about, let's take, let's say you've got, let's go back to testing the campaign internally to your house file.

So, share with these, share with everybody, you test it to your house file, it performs well, and now you roll it out to your first channel, let's just say, uh, let's just say hypothetically, you go to Facebook for a second. Well, what's the process, so you're the, the, you're, you're, you're within your maximum allowable acquisition costs, and so now you want to scale it up. What, what's the first thing that you guys do? What's the second thing that you guys do? Like, how do you go from, all right, this campaign is working, we're acquiring customers within our maximum allowable acquisition costs, and now we want to get more customers.

What are the steps? Um, yeah, it's like economies of scale, right? So, we have, uh, a lot of the, those mid-level marketers doing micromanagement for every platform, right? They're familiar with that platform, they know what ads are working in that space, they're taking our house creative that performed well, they're adapting it for Google, Facebook, Native. Are you going, how many platforms are you going out to at once?

Uh, when we start, like, like I said, when I saw a dollar CPA, I was just like, go. Like, every single channel. But is that, let's, let's take a normal campaign for one second. A normal channel is like one or two. So, normally you would go out to one or two networks.

Networks. Networks. One or two networks, and then you'd go to probably like three to four, maybe five email lists. And are you guys, are you, you're looking for the same performance data, the same metrics from each of those? Like, you're looking for the same maximum allowable acquisition costs?

Yeah, you're looking for the same allowable break-evens and the same allowable acquisition costs. You're looking, you're going to get different conversion rates because networks have a lower conversion rate than email lists. You don't go to affiliates until you have strong data. But, okay, so take a step back for one second. And that's a great, right, don't, you don't go to affiliates until you have strong, strong data.

But so, take a step back for one second. And so, you're not really concerned with conversion rate as long as you're operating within your maximum allowable acquisition costs. So, you know, it goes back to, without going knee-deep into this conversation, you know, I just wanted to make something clear that the only time that I really care about conversion rate is when we're testing a minimum viable funnel to our house file just as a way of seeing if we've got legs. Once it goes beyond our house file and it goes out into the world of media and cold traffic, I don't care about the sales conversion rate at all. Sales conversion rate is really, is a vanity metric.

It's nothing more than an optimization metric in our world. The only thing that I care about is ROI. It's how much money am I taking in, right? I'm spending a dollar and how much are we bringing back? And are we bringing back enough, right, to allow us to scale this campaign?

And so, I think that that's an important point. I think there's two, there's another point to that is I don't care what the conversion rate is and I also don't care how much it costs as long as, because a lot of people I get and even, I had to, Matt, remember we were talking about testing DoubleClick? And he was like, which we still haven't even done for reasons, but, you know, we wanted to test the DoubleClick Google's DSP. Well, you have to work with a certified agent and we didn't want them to manage our campaigns. So, we knew we were going to manage the campaigns ourselves, which means we're giving this agency 10% of our spend and then Google takes 10% of our spend as a fee.

So, 20% of our spend right off the top as a fee for campaigns we're going to manage. And Matt was like, we'll never back that out. And I was like, I don't care how much they take from us or how much it costs as long as the numbers back out. Like, we don't know that until we, like, test it. So, then I don't care what conversion rates are and I also don't care how much it costs as long as, like, my numbers back out to my allowable cost of acquisition.

So, and that's the key, right? You see how, and that's the way that we operate as well, right? It simplifies everything. You're not getting caught up in all these analytics. You're not getting caught up in all these different metrics.

You know what your maximum allowable acquisition cost is and as long as you operate within that, I really don't care. Like, you know, I don't need to know what is this person getting paid and what's the percentage that this person's getting paid. I don't care at all. You bring me customers within this allowable range, right, up to our maximum and do it all day, every day, as much as you possibly can, right? Whether they're taking a 50% cut, 10%, 2%, I couldn't care any less.

It helps with negotiation too, just so you know. If you go into a test saying, like, I know my amount that I'm willing to test, and then the other party says, like, I can do that or I can't do that, let's assume they say we can do that. You don't, it doesn't matter what the cut that they're taking is or, you know, talking about list brokers and agencies and stuff like that. I don't care. Now, when my numbers stop backing out to where I need, that's when we start talking about how much you're taking, and that's when we start negotiating those percentages down and things like that.

Because now I've got data to show you, well, either you're going to lower it, and I'm going to keep paying you, or you're not going to lower it, and you're not going to make any more money. And that makes the conversation, like, a little bit easier to have because I've got the numbers. Does anyone negotiate a single recording of one of those calls? I'd like to hear that. In a very nice way.

And I just want to reconcile something that Todd was just saying that we don't care about conversion rates, and that's true, and then you're going to say, wait, we were just talking about what are your benchmarks for conversion rates, but we only care about conversion rate because in that example, conversion rate is a proxy for allowable acquisition costs and ROI. So if we know, on average, when we have a book funnel that the cart value is $40, and I know that we have to get a conversion rate of at least 5% because we're paying a $2 CPC in order to break even, he doesn't care about CPC. He doesn't care about conversion rate. As a traffic guy, I pay attention to those, but the point is those numbers only matter in relationship. We're not going to go, well, this offer's doing good, but it doesn't have a high enough conversion rate, so we're going to shut it.

Don't care. The ROI is there and the allowable cost is there, but those numbers are a proxy. Right, they can be, right, and so Jason and I, we were talking about this earlier, that like, look, there's this weird thing within the internet marketing community that where everybody focuses on or tends to focus on, has been taught to focus on sales conversion rate, and all the discussions are around sales conversion rate, what's your sales conversion rate, what's your sales conversion rate, and I've never fully understood that because I don't really care. You can't deposit sales conversion rate, you can't deposit sales conversion rate, you can have a 10% sales conversion rate and be using money every day. You can also have a half a percent sales conversion rate and be crushing it.

There are certain instances, right, like, you know, I said to, you know, I had shared this article about the tripwire hoax, right, it was the name of the article some years ago. And, you know, and a lot of people were like, you know, you run these tripwire offers, Todd, and I said the hoax isn't that a tripwire doesn't work. The hoax is that a cheaper product is easier to make work with media. The reality is that a tripwire product is more difficult to make work from an economic perspective when using paid media than is a premium price product, a $2,000 product. Because with a $2,000 product, I can have a half a percent sales conversion rate with no bump offer, no upsell, no downsell, and be recouping 100% of my ad spend.

Now, granted, in that instance, I'm only acquiring, you know, one customer out of every 200 leads, let's just say. But the point is not whether one is effective and the other isn't. They're both effective. The point is that, you know, that, like, look, if I optimize, if all I cared about was sales conversion rate, then I'm going to look at the tripwire and say, well, a tripwire is easier to make work because I can get an 8%, 7%, 10% sales conversion rate there. But I'm not, I don't care about that, man.

I don't, I don't care about that. And so it, while, like, look, yes, it plays a role. It plays a factor. But at the end of the day, my, my goal is what is my maximum allowable acquisition cost? And here's the thing, right, that the way we look at it for what it's worth is my aim is to always work on increasing our maximum allowable acquisition costs.

I want to try to grow what it is that we can afford to spend to get a customer. For those of you, like, when, when, when, on the rare occasion when we try to operate at break even on the front, which we really don't do, the overwhelming majority of our campaigns are all negative on the front. When we do strive, when we're running a campaign that is break even on the front, we focus on increasing average order value, right? Because if we increase average order value, we therefore increase the amount of money that we can spend to get a customer. But here's the thing, right?

And this is the thing to understand. Average order value has nothing to do with sales conversion rate. Sales conversion rate does not change average order value, right? Like, it does not change average order value. Average order value is an average order value regardless of whether you're converting at 10% or 2%.

And so, I have no idea how we got on that, but there you go. As far as going back to launch and scale, like, we launched a campaign on networks, kind of piggyback of what you guys said, going to one or two networks. Like, so, I always launch and have media buyers launch to whatever network is, like, the least resistance, but also the most potential at scale. So, for the longest time, it was Facebook for us. Right now, it's not with financial newsletters.

It's a little bit harder to scale for us. And so, recently, I'd say, you know, our first go-to is Outbrain. And so, we know we have a good relationship with our rep at Outbrain to help us work with policy at Outbrain. And we know if we get our creative to work, we have a decent amount of scale on Outbrain. And then, from there, we can take that same, pretty much that same creative and put it on content and put it on Taboola.

I mean, with maybe some adjustments to make it work with Taboola's policy because they're a little bit more strict. So, from there, we'll go out and you already have that creative. And once you get that working on one content or native network, it's pretty easy. Besides pulling all the levers daily and knowing, you know, having someone who's experts at each of those, it's fairly easy to scale from there once you see you're hitting your break-even or your cart. But I think going back to what Todd said, like, if you're talking about, like, you're on one network, you're getting a dollar allowable cost per acquisition or whatever, you're within your allowable cost per acquisition.

What's the next thing you do? For me, it's I increase the spend on that particular campaign that is already working and see how that impacts it. You don't want to go too high. What was it we said, like, 5% to 10% increase, like, several every couple of hours throughout? Yeah, so, you know, budget stuff.

Yeah, yeah. Budget increasing. Don't go crazy. So, like, increase at a certain reasonable rate over a period of time. Typically double it every hour.

Yeah. And then, so you want to do that. So, you increase your spend. Let's say you increase your spend and then your numbers start to, like, not work out for you anymore. Well, then you can move your spend back or you can start to adjust your bids at that point.

They both bring up a point, though, about the scaling of creative across different networks, right? Different algorithms are going to react to that differently. And native creative is going to evolve into a different experience than Facebook or Google, right? Because you can get away with more clickbait on native. They're optimizing for CTR.

So, you want that a little bit more clickbait type ads. Whereas Facebook and Google, you know, of course, they're against that kind of clickbait type creative that you're going to see performing creative, you know, start combining together. And then taking elements of best performing creative for that network, start feeding into your funnel experience, right? So, you want a consistent, you know, whether it's graphics, it's color scheme, it's headline complex, start layering into your landing page, your order form. So, that is going to start branching out into these different channels a little bit differently.

That's why you need an expert in each. Like, you cannot expect somebody to be an expert in all of those networks because there's too much nuance. So, if you know that you want to scale on Facebook and you know you want to scale on Google, you need two people, to be totally honest with you. So, don't expect those people to do both those things excellently because they're, especially Google, is like a beast. But you could go on Outbrain and that person, same person, could probably manage to bullet at the same time.

Those two are easy to manage simultaneously and have similar native platforms. If you want to train somebody too, like, if you have a good offer that you think can deploy to a channel, get a third party in there. Work out a performance deal and you can learn off of them a bit. You can, like, see what's working good for them and then that person can kind of increase their growth. That's, you say something really good.

So, something that I have, when you go to an agency or to a third party partner, if they're willing to pay, if they're willing to run your offer on CPA, do it every day of the week. If it's a new partner for you because it's much safer for you. So, the risk is on the partner than it is on you. Does everybody understand that? Like, I know we're, so, if you can get someone, a new partner to run on cost per acquisition, meaning that every order they generate for you, you pay them a set amount of money, then they're taking the risk because they're fronting the ad spend.

So, do that. Especially when it's a new partner. However, if then you get to a place where that partner is scaling for you, it's very hard for you to go to them and be like, show me what you are doing to make this work. Because, why would they do that? Because then you're teaching, they're going to teach you what they're doing.

So, that's the fear, that then you're going to do it yourself. But then, if you switch it and you say, I would be willing to pay you on percentage of ad spend on a true agency deal, but you have to show me transparency in your accounts. So, that's how I manage third-party relationships is, if I'm going to pay a percentage of spend, I want to know exactly what you're doing. Because I'm fronting the ad costs and I'm taking on the risk. But if you're going to front the ad costs and I'm going to pay you on CPA, cool.

You can have a black box. So, we now do a combination of both with top-tier partners or new partners. It doesn't always work out, but that's where you should go. That's the best method to go. So, is the intention to manage that yourself with that process?

The intention to manage what? So, if you're getting visibility, is that for your end? No, I just want to learn. Okay. I just want to learn.

And do what? My team isn't growing and my body of knowledge isn't growing. So, just curiosity. Yeah. Well, I have a best resource on it that can get the most out of it, Greg.

I would argue that it does leave you an option open to learn and then bring it in-house that you wanted to at some point. But we would say, God forbid, that person somehow messes up their relationship with that network or their ad accounts. You having that knowledge and you learning from them gives you much more ability to pivot, to bring it in-house,
and to spin up your own ad accounts for that particular network. Or your next promotion. Yeah.

Or your next, yeah. You might not take that from them. You know, you may not deal with them, keep them running. But, you know, we throw out promotions. We love working with third parties because it's less overhead cost for us in terms of staff.

And it is truly how you get to scale. Like, that is something I don't think we were working with. At a certain point, almost all the traffic was being run by third parties and a lot of our media buyers were just working with the third parties to get them everything that they needed. Funneling creative. Funneling creative.

Funneling, like, approving increases in ad spend, reviewing metrics. Like, at true, true scale, that is kind of our secret sauce there. It's like, we just give it out. Like, let other people actually push the buttons and we're running the strategy. I don't think there should be any fear of, like, an agency losing that business unless, like, if they're not hitting their numbers, right?

Like, we're going to keep letting them going. We're not going to, like, take back the work because then we know how to do it. Like, there's tons of other opportunity out there. Like, I've never been without a project or task for a marketer to, like, test something new. You know, so.

Go ahead, Matt. Yeah, simple question. You guys made a flat statement. You know, don't spend more than $10,000, $15,000 per day on Facebook on one account. Why?

Because they flag you? No. Well, that's not. Oh, you know better than me. Yeah.

That's what I've always perceived it as. It's not necessarily a flag thing. It's how much data can that algorithm process in a short amount of time to consistently hit your cost per acquisition goals. If you're hitting $30,000 spend a day, you're fumbling in a lot of data, and you're actually losing value of the algorithm at that point because it just can't process at that speed. That if you're spreading out and trading algorithms across multiple accounts because they are optimized at the account level, you can see them start to branch out in different pockets of traffic.

Like, in our boot camp, we had a really cool scenario where someone started optimizing towards, like, Farmville ads. Oh, yeah, that's true. And it just, like, it just kept optimizing that direction. You're feeding it that data. You don't want to risk, like, bringing in all sorts of other data that it starts, like, shifting your direction of that creative in that account.

I just thought Charles was keeping it at $10,000 because he was... No, I mean, there's that, too, but... Say it to fly under the radar. That's $5,000. You know what I mean?

Yeah, I thought everybody was doing it, but you are... That actually makes a lot of difference. Yeah, so as a follow-up, is it better to have a separate ad account for an offer that is not super congruent to the offer that you have before? So, for instance, you're advertising one sort of widget, and then the second widget you're advertising on the same account is very similar, just a kind of different offer. But then you want to introduce a third widget that has nothing to do with those two.

Do you want a separate ad account for that? I break up ad accounts by offer. I don't like mixing multiple offers in the same ad account because, you know, there's different affinities. You're using all very different copy, very different promises there. So if I can keep a product to one ad account, I would go that route.

So jump in, man, and share, because you've been on this, you know, without getting into specific Facebook strategies, but when it comes to scaling, let's say, on Facebook, do you have any insights as it relates to different accounts, the number of accounts, different offers of accounts? That's a good question. I mean, what a lot of stuff we do is start testing internally, like what he was talking about with email lists. We start with more market. So, like, what we'll do is I have some, we're always running top of funnel traffic for an indoctrination, what I like to call propaganda process.

So essentially what ends up happening is all these video views are really, really cheap, but it starts to really indoctrinate people. So when I start to take a look at scale, I start to test my offers middle of funnel, so I start to see what really works, what kind of signals I start to get. And then I'd just like to open it up kind of for feedback, like I'm really leaning into the machine learning right now. There's something called the breakdown effect we were just talking about here, which it talks about your rising cost of CPAs. And what Facebook basically says is, well, wait a minute, what you guys are seeing is your CPA may be $2.

Within the first three or four days, it's $2, but now it's $3 or $4, and we cut the campaign. Facebook's basically saying with the breakdown effect of, hey, wait a minute, actually, we got all your $2 leads. There's only $3 leads left, and then there's only $4 leads. But if we start cutting the campaigns at $4 because we feel that it's our double or lead cost, it really kind of screws things up. So what's interesting when we talk about scaling is I haven't heard that on the two different accounts yet or three different accounts at $10,000 a day spend.

We haven't really had those issues. But on the other side of it, like I haven't had an account shut down in three years because we're in the health niche and a bunch of other niches because of this indoctrination process. So I'm leaning in the full. How do you solve that problem? $2 leads, $3 leads, $4?

How do you solve that? You've got to back up your offer. Like we're talking about our numbers and stuff like that. People are like, I get clients all the time, and they're like, hey, look, I was at this mastermind, and I got $1 leads. And I literally say this, and I'm like, wow, that's great.

I think I threw up on my mouth a little bit. So specifically, I always use this word, like specifically, what does the back end look like, right? Do you really need $1 leads? Because if we do the simple math, and I'll go through this really quick, $1 leads are great. But with your first email having a 40% open rate and a 20% click-through rate, your fourth email isn't a dollar lead to get to the sales page by the time the open rate, click-through rate, and everything else.

But if Facebook looks at acquisition in a 28-day attribution cycle, we're not judging people by clicks anymore. It's all about consumption. Well, consumption clicks is just two ways out of 150,000 different equations, how Facebook figures it out. So I start telling stories at the top of the funnel, so the stories are relevant, so I can scale quicker. I find that more.

Do you label it inside of Facebook, the propaganda campaign? I might as well label it like the Republican campaign number one. So Mike, real quick. So you're scaling some campaigns, man. Like I've seen you post some updates and whatnot.

Any insights from like in terms of how do you go from you roll out the campaign, it's working, and you go from it working to now thousands of new customers in debt? We really like to go broad with all of our stuff. 100%. You know, I see a lot of marketers, they want to do like 21 to 30 and everything. Like we go 1865, male plus female, and like really big audiences, like 2 million.

And then like we'll season the pixel where we're getting, you know, 50 sales a day, and then we'll just go no targeting a lot of the time. And like if we can, and if it backs out, we'll do worldwide. We'll go no targeting worldwide, and then you can actually look at your analytics in either Google Analytics or Improvely, and you can cut the countries that, you know, their EPCs aren't high enough and, you know, that aren't backing out. So a lot of our offers, you know, you have a sales team on the back end, and you'll see. They'll be like, oh, okay, the Philippines isn't working, Africa's not working, whatever.

And then we'll just cut them out because it might work on the front end, and you might be able to hit your CPAs there. But on the back end, really where you're making your money on the phone, it's not working, and you're not getting in touch with those people. And, you know, so we'll just cut them out. It'll still be, you can target, it's called, you target worldwide, and then you just exclude the countries you don't want. And then, you know, we either do no targeting, or we just do really big interests.

What's your problem? What? What's your problem? We do a lot of book offers, free book offers, and then a lot of webinars. So we run a bunch for our clients, and then we have our own audio book offer that we run.

One thing to mention on the look-alike offers that I've been testing a ton is, you know, typically the look-alike or the look-alike audience will update automatically. What Molly Pittman and I were talking about this the other day, she refreshes look-alike audiences every 30 days, meaning new buyers, new acquisitions. So if I had that much traffic coming in, I'm forming new look-alike audiences and going really wide, and that's what I'm finding that's working. So I know there's a long tail on it, but I like to do the short tail really quick, though. And how many, how many leads do you upload when you build your look-alike?

I mean, I like to go for a couple of thousand, but I'm seeing the machine learning, like, I get 500 leads in, which doesn't sound like anything the machine learning only picks up. Okay. So I can hit on a few of these things. Number one is the ad, the question, the original question is absolutely on the ad account. So if you're, for example, on that, it makes a big difference in terms of scale.

Let's say that you have an example to what I mean here. You have an ad account that had a tough time with policy for a while, and then you start, you have an offer that works really well, and you're wondering why it won't work. It's because of all that history. So when you set up the account level, Facebook optimizes so much more than most people realize, right? Because you hear these things, like, at the ad set level, but they're really measuring all of your entire account.

They're also measuring a lot of offline data, how your conversions are, you know, on your landing page, those types of things. And so the social cues are probably the biggest factor that most direct response people underestimate. That's the big one. And that's where, like, when you were talking about the long-term stuff, for me, I think, I can look, I know a lot of people in here that are running offers that if you added three or four minutes to your video, like, for example, Todd, you have an offer that's working really well, a video ad, where you make people aware of the problem and the big idea, right? But what I would do is I would test something out where you're actually pulling out of the actual framework from your framework and actually putting that in the ad itself.

So maybe your video is four or five minutes longer, or maybe it's a 45-minute Facebook Live. But what happens is, is now you have a lot more people liking, sharing, commenting, right, which sends massive signals to the algorithm. Plus, you get more conversions on your landing page or your sales page, right? So they're looking at that. They want to know that they're super, super overprotective of their people, right, of their users.

And so Facebook is super, super long-term, and they're looking at that. That's why sometimes I'll see, I could take somebody that's got a really good offer. Maybe it's a $7 cost per purchase. And if you ran that offer from another account or another page, because they're measuring that, too, as well. Like, how has your page been doing over the last year or two?

Your engagement. That same offer that's at $7 CBA from another page or another ad account might be $20 or might get disapproved because of the history. And so it makes a huge impact, all those types of things. And so the long form is another one where, the example that I use is, like, I think a lot of people, I did a little stint for a company called Teeter Hangouts. So is anybody ever, anybody over the age of, like, 45 probably sort of those hang upside down, right, the improving tables?

So I was the e-commerce account manager years ago for them. So I've taken a lot from that and seen the sort of, the branding impact of that, of those 28-minute infomercials, right, which drove that entire company. But then also now understanding that kind of direct response where you have a two-minute spot and a 28-minute spot that's driving the entire company, you know, 50, 60, 70 million dollar a year company. But when that stops, all of their Amazon sales dies, their Dick's Sporting Goods stuff dies, right? So that's one thing.

That's the branding sort of side benefit. But then if you take a social element, and let's say you run an eight or nine-minute video that's really actually giving tangible value but also seeding your offer really well, right? So what happens now is that you have the social cues that come in the kitchen. So not only are you branding the hell out of people, if you do the math, think about, like, if you run the numbers of how many people actually see your offer that go from, like, a display ad that somebody clicks and goes directly to a sales page or a VSL, and you run the math of, like, what it costs per click, and then you back it out and you run it compared to just purely running, like, let's say, long-form video ads in addition to all those, you know, basic non-video ads that are going direct. And then you run the math of, like, okay, how many people are watching 30 seconds or a minute of that, and then what's happening there, of course, you have warm audiences that can retarget, and then you have the social cues, because if you have something that's valuable, when you look at the like-to-share ratio is what I like to look at, how many people are reacting to that, if there's 1,000 people liking it, reacting, and 500 people sharing it, you probably have something that's working pretty well, but it's all relative to what you've done as well in the past, right?

I get, you can't compare apples to oranges, so I'm talking faster, but in general, they need, everything matters, like, the account level is huge, so I like-
At scale, you have to manage risk, too, right? Yes. You know, it talks a lot about being anti-fragile in our business, so why would you risk one Facebook algorithm going the wrong direction and start, you know, building up a bunch of negative feedback, because you made a mistake in your 10 ads you uploaded to test different creators, right? Exactly. So that goes to the data, right?

So that's why, ideally, when in doubt, luck figures better. So if you can go 18 to 55, that's going to be best. If you're giving enough data, if you're giving enough conversions, that's going to be the best. And then you get to this situation where, as you scale spend, your CPA increases, right? So there's some ways around that, and people are always figuring that out, and there's, you know, you might, that's where I think sometimes you have to try to find that sort of sweet spot in terms of maybe having a few more audiences.

So you have some, it's sort of like, we know, if you have an audience that's 30 or 40 million, sometimes that can outperform an audience that's 500,000, but if your budget's too high, then you run into the problem. So you want to have more ad sets. So ideally, maybe you have a lot of 10 million person audiences, and they're all at like, you know, a thousand bucks a day or something. Maybe it's a lot of $500 a day. It just kind of depends.

There's a lot of ways to sort of experiment with that. But because you have these things, you know, like the CPA that actually increases the spend, then you have the data. And so there's so much. Yeah, there's so many different nuances to it. But I think that one thing to just drive home, and we said it, I think in like all caps in one of our sessions of like the scaling, was like, if something's working, don't touch it.

Like, so, so like, instead of if an account is working, and your audience is working, and you're hitting your metrics, stop touching it. Like, if you're comfortable with the level of which it's spending, then that's when you go build a new account, build a new ads, like, not even ads, go start up a new account, and then start replicating what you the success you just had, and using that as a sandbox for tweaking things to maybe find a different pocket, like what Tom is talking about. But like, I can't stress that enough. Like, don't touch it to like, get over that. Like, we started seeing, touching it, having a reverse effect that we wanted it to.

So
And there's another thing too, because it's like, I think it's smarter and smarter. So I like to do branding stuff. So you're building up audience and stuff. You have to be careful there too, right? If you're running a video view objective, yeah, you're going to get probably a third the cost per video view.

But it's also optimizing on people that may watch videos that don't buy. So maybe, maybe you have a very small percentage of your budget that's doing that because those are longer term people. But then if you have some longer form video ads that are conversion objective, but are also sort of educating and branding. So it's hitting people on all the different levels of awareness and different behavior types and fast decision maker, slow decision maker. And so if you have a conversion objective, now you have sort of the branding element, but you're targeting the right, like a buyer.

So you're building those warm audiences of those people. You have to be careful sometimes doing too much of a video view or PPD objectives, but I think you should do some of it for sure. And that's stuff you just have to play with. It's an art, not a science. All right.

So I just want to clarify something. So essentially, I just want to make sure that you're using the same interests and same exact ad and ad copy on the other account, or you're trying different interests. And how do you avoid audience overlap and increase costs and competition and so on and so forth? I just want to clarify that component. No, yeah, it's very difficult, right?

At some point, you're going to overlap, like there's just the algorithms going to funnel to our financial buyers, which tend to be very similar people. And they see, you know, we'll keep an eye on relevance scores and how often that person seeing that same ad, like once it gets over three, right, frequency rates, right? Sure. Sorry. Once it gets over like a three frequency, right, we'll start capping it, we'll start doing some things, playing with remarketing.

But, you know, essentially, you want to diversify enough in these accounts that you're testing in different directions. And just making sure you're still hitting your overall objective from a multi-account level, right? You're still aiming for that $200 CPA at the end of the day. And you can have some that are optimizing better, that's giving you more room to go and start building into other accounts. And, you know, we'll have 20, 30 accounts going, you lose four because you start snowballing down the negative pack, you spend four new ones up, and you want to make sure you analyze why those four went down.

And, you know, the overlap, like, I don't like to get too hung up in that, you can like cap frequency, but there's so much traffic, even in niche markets that, you know, you really, it's sometimes that third or fourth time they see your ad that they end up converting anyways, right? When you're testing, when you're spinning up a new ad, or a new ad account, and you're copying over, you know, what has at least the foundation of what worked in a previous ad account that you're scaling, do you still stick to the rule of one of, like, if I'm going to test something, I'm going to either test the ads now and put new ads and keep the same audience, or am I going to keep the same ads and test a new audience, or do you do both and just throw it against the wall and see what happens? No, yeah, rule of one, it's very much testing that creative against a new audience, or testing this audience against the same, creative, did I say that differently? Sorry. Yeah, it's still rule of one, you still want to be very controlled in your testing, and make sure you're, there's so much data, right?

Like, if you start testing multiple things, it goes in different directions, you can't keep up with it. So it's micro versus macro. Kind of going back to, to get back to the whole scaling campaigns concept, I tend to break it into three types of scaling. There's scaling your actual funnel. Now, I'm going to reiterate, when you're at the scaling level, I don't give a crap about cost per click or any of that.

I want to know, am I making money on the back end? Am I making the target profit margin on the back end? Like, that's really what I'm looking for. So, you can either scale your funnel itself, so you're making more money within your funnel, so more average cart value, or you can scale what I call horizontally or vertically. So, vertically would be, let's say you're doing, you're focusing on Facebook ads, vertically would be getting deeper into Facebook ads.

So, you're increasing your budgets. We actually do multiple ad accounts as well. We have one ad account for each offer that we do. And like I said earlier, we have 20 offers running right now. Plus, extra ad accounts for when an ad account gets shut down because it's going to happen.

But we focus, so we'll increase budgets. And we don't, we haven't run into the $10,000 or $15,000 or $30,000 issue or whatever. It's, so we literally just double budgets. If we have something successful running, then double it. Like, spend more money as fast as you can because it means you're making one.

So, that would be the vertical scale of like, just put more money into something that's already successful. Within that, you can also scale horizontally where you test other audiences within that ad account or you test other creative, things like that. But, again, be careful because if you mess up your relationship within that ad account with your audience, that's going to have a trailing effect into other things. That's vertical. Horizontal is when you start scaling into other, let's say you want to go to YouTube or Google or whatever.

I completely agree with the team thing. So, we were spending somewhere around $400,000 a month when we were relying on basically three people to run all of our traffic, which meant we had to be experts at different things. So, we started bringing on new people and now we've doubled that monthly traffic because we can actually spend time focusing on spending more money in each individual platform. Because we're not having to, we don't end up doing exactly what you were talking about where I'm spending so much time focusing on Facebook and Instagram that I can't keep up with Google. So, it trails away from Google.

Like, you need someone, you need an expert in each of those if you're going to scale them to the numbers that we're talking about here. Like, there's no way you get to $68 million without having someone focused on each of those. You can't do it. It's not possible. Are you bringing in, now, when you brought in more people, are they in-house?

It's a combination. It's a combination. Yeah, and you can't get to that without partners, without relying on third parties, and without highly specialized skill sets. And we do similar combinations of CPA lines. So, we tell them, this is the CPA that we know we can get, so you need to get this or better or we're going somewhere else.

So, we're going to take the traffic back and we're not going to pay you anymore. That tends to be the majority of our relationships, but there are other ways that we've done it with individuals just based on the relationship. So, that's the three different, like, to simplify it, your funnel, scaling horizontally, and scaling vertically. Those are the three ways that I kind of simplify that down. So, during the break, you said something awesome.

When you were, like, talking about optimization, you're like, explain that to the group again. And, you know, how to check the checklist for where they're dropping. So, making the decision. You mentioned, you know. You mean for yours specifically?

Well, yeah, but I think that would give a lot of value on the optimization side. We spent a lot of time talking about scaling. Optimization has kind of been a little bit on the back burner for this conversation. But if you can explain just the decision and how to find, you know, where they're dropping off. Yeah.

So, this was kind of more on the funnel side, like, how to improve your average order value and things like that. So, in the last discussion, it was figuring out where your potential customer makes decisions and then where that breakdown happens. So, you can adjust that along the way. So, then we got into it a little deeper where it was, you have to understand what decision they're making and why they're making it. So, for example, can I use yours as an example?

Okay. So, their supplements, they were providing, you're providing an upfront report telling them, you know, the seven ways to help with whatever is ailing you in their niche. But then they're running to a landing page that's now giving more information but in kind of a different direction. It's a long form sales page. And it was kind of like, well, you already scratched the itch of, you gave them what they wanted up front.

Now, you need to amplify and tell them, tell them what you gave them. It's kind of like the giving the speech method. Tell them what you're going to tell them, then tell them, and then tell them what you just told them, and then sell them something saying this is the solution to what you just told them. And that's, if you can simplify it down that way, don't try to scratch multiple itches throughout. Just keep it, this is what you came here for, so this is where you're going to go.

And then looking at the funnel, you can literally see you had great opt-in rates. And when people got to your cart, they were actually buying. It was just you had extra stuff in there that didn't really matter. So, it was simplifying that all down. I don't know what that is.

It really sounds like, man, I really believe that you're overthinking it, that you're really, you're looking for a magic kind of either number or something. The way to really think about it, and I heard somebody, I got a, I wish I could remember who it was to give credit, but they, yeah, went in doubt it was rich. That, you know, it's like a champagne, you know, fountain, you know, how they've got the glasses stacked and poured at the top and it runs down. And, you know, where is it stopping? Where does it stop?

And you're looking in the campaign for, you're going to start at the very beginning and you're going to look at, which is the top, right? You're going to look at, is the ad getting clicks? What's the click-through rate, right? If you're running, if you're using a two-step, like an opt-in process, you're going to look at what's the opt-in rate. And you're going to be able to spot with the data, the metrics, where is that bottleneck?

You obviously need to be tracking, you obviously need metrics, but you're going to look for, you're going to start at the very beginning and you're going to go until you find that first bottleneck. Your goal is really to find it as early in the process as possible. So there might be, you know, multiple bottlenecks, but you're going to address the one that's earliest in the marketing campaign. And so don't overthink it more than what it's worth. And just to add on that, and usually when it comes to a bottleneck, the benefit, again, of having a consistent model is you know, on average, what your controls are.

On average, my opt-in rate should be between 30, you know, 30 to 40%. My show rate for a webinar should be this. My card completion rate should be this. And so that's how you identify that constraint, right? If you see your opt-in rate is at 38%, you're not going to go, man, I really need to work on my opt-in page.

Odds are the constraint, the lever that's going to move the needle the most is going to be somewhere else. In that funnel. And just to add on what was being mentioned about vertical and horizontal scaling, one of the mindset shifts that I think is really, really important is that, you know, most of us have started as solopreneurs, entrepreneurs. And so you're used to originally initially launching an offer where it's like, man, all I have is $1,000 in the bank. I have to put my champion out there, my best ads, my best audience.

And I think what happens a lot, if you don't shift your mindset, you start looking to scale at a different level and you try to keep that mindset of it's always about the one, the best audience with the best ads and let me rev it all the way up. And really where scaling has to come, where we think about, when we talk about horizontal scaling internally, we're not talking about channels, we're talking about saying, hey, like we're building a championship lineup almost like a baseball team. Not everybody in the baseball team gets grand slammed, but everybody who's a winner has a place in my championship team. So if my CPA objective is, you know, $40 a buyer, I might have some people that get me at 10, some at 20, some at 30, some at 50. And the tendency is in the small mindset to go, oh, I'm only going to run the $10 CPA because that's where all the money's at.

And that's not where the scale is at. That's why what Todd was saying before, the art of aggressive customer acquisition is not about driving down your acquisition costs. It's getting as close to that maximum allowable acquisition cost and getting scale at that level because our mindset is not about profitability on the front end. It's about mass customer acquisition. Did you hear what he said?

Like there's a point in there that is worth repeating because it really is genius. I know he was quoting me. But no, that, and it's the way that we approach our, all of our media buying. I'd love to hear if it's the same for you guys, but we're not, I'm not looking to decrease our acquisition costs. Like I'm not playing that game of looking for the cheapest clicks.

That's a fool's errand. That's a, that's a game that makes your business incredibly vulnerable. If all you can survive on is cheap traffic, it's only a matter of time before you have a major problem in your business. My goal isn't to go after a cheap traffic. My goal is to be able to pay more than anybody else for our traffic and to constantly increase that.

See, because, right, the nature of media buying is traffic is becoming more expensive. And so if you are trying to push in the opposite direction where you are looking for cheap traffic and you are building your campaigns around cheap traffic and you're setting up your business around cheap traffic, you're pushing in the opposite direction, the natural direction of the, of the market. Your game, the game is how can I spend more? I remember Joe, right, we had a conversation where you said, like, how could we spend $400 to get a new customer? Like, because if they could spend, right, if you could spend $400 to get a new customer, the game changes.

You don't have, you're not, you don't have traffic problems anymore, man. Right? You don't have traffic problems anymore. And so the game is, right, going in that, in that opposite direction. And so great, a great point.

So your biggest idea should be a back-end idea, right? Like, that's where our biggest ideas are. And then the front-end is our loss leader, and it's usually a version of that. We actually start with a back-end idea. Well, so that's assuming, though, that you're running on the front-end at negative.

Right. Right, you're willing to finance the acquisition of a customer. Go ahead, man. Yeah, I was going to say, basically exactly the same. So one of the most frustrating things when you're trying to scale is you have your KPI for the CPA, whatever it is, $35, say, for example.

And, you know, you can hit it at a certain scale, but you want to be spending, you know, 10 times more. But you can't because it's just this CPA is kind of limiting your scale. So one of the things that I do when I'm working with clients is exactly that. The biggest thing that we want to do is be able to raise that CPA, as you said, as high as possible to whatever, double, triple. And the easiest way that we do that is with the back-end.

So you're not even looking at the traffic. So the traffic is not, you know, that's what we're kind of focusing on now. But I think the best way to be able to scale is to have, you know, that back-end in place to raise your, to be able to raise that CPA so that you can scale, you remove that constraint. Yeah, well said. I think for, you know, I'll say one more thing and then we'll wrap up with any final comments right before lunch to stay on schedule.

You know, I think that you nailed it. You know, the way that we operate, the way that I think about media buying, which I have to believe is the way that these guys, that most of you do, is I'm an investor. And I'm investing in the acquisition of assets. And those assets just happen to be customers. And those assets have a particular value today, right?

That value today is, you know, is their average order value, right? Is what it is that gets returned to me today is their first purchase, right? And so I know that I'm in the business of acquiring these, these assets. They have a value to today and then they have a value to me in the next week, month, two months, six months, year plus, right? And so I am going to make an investment decision in what it is that I'm willing to spend to acquire those assets today based on two things.

Based on what they are worth to me today, what they're going to return to me in my pocket today, and also what they're going to return to me over the next month, two months, three months, four months, six months, year. And really, my aim is to be able to look as far out as possible, meaning that, like, if I'm only able to look at, well, what do they work to me in three months? Because I'm only willing, like, I want to operate within a three-month return window. I'm limited. If I can go to six months, if I can go to nine months, if I can go to a year, if I can acquire assets today that, and what I'm willing to spend is based on what it is that they're going to return to me over the next year, right?

I'm in a much better position than if I'm only looking over the next three months, four months, five months. And so that's the game. I'm an investor, and I'm looking for great investments. And because I'm an investor, you're going to go in the hole today a little bit, right? So if I know that a customer is worth, you know, is worth $50 to us today, but is worth another $1,000 to us over the year, I'm going to be willing to spend a lot more than $50 to get that customer.

Because as an investor, I'm looking at the total return, right? This, of course, assumes that you've got the cash flow, and you've got the cash flow to float this, and you've got the metrics to know what the – but that's the whole game. That is the game of acquisition. The whole game of customer acquisition is one of making proper investment choices. It's a financial decision.

It is a mathematical decision. It is far less about the typical marketing discussions, typical copywriting. It has nothing to do with funnels. It has everything to do with math, period. Does that make sense?

Yeah. Go ahead. Yeah. So Todd said this when – in the testing phase, but they didn't – you guys didn't reveal the next step of it. So you guys – you talked about having a deconstructed offer.

No bump, no upsell. No viable funnel. Yeah. So once you've thrown that out there and you see that you can sell a $100 product with that minimum viable funnel, the step to scale that is now I'm adding an order bump and I'm adding an upsell. And every time you add those successfully, you're increasing your CPA capacity.

So rather than finding cheap traffic, you're adding things to your back end to allow you to spend more on traffic. So I think it's a very simplified but key thing that people are missing where just keep selling your current customer who's buying from you. Just sell them more stuff and you can spend more money to find new customers. And that's the thing that I would say there. So we strive to increase our AOV because we strive to increase our AOV and our lifetime value.

And the way that we fund the acquisition, the way that we fund the acquisition of these assets is we take 100% of our AOV, 100% of our average order value, and a percentage of lifetime value. So you take 100% of your average order value because if all you spent was 100% of your average order value, all you're doing is breaking it. We're spending a dollar to make back a dollar. And if you think about in the investment world, in the investment world, if you said, hey, would you invest a dollar to make back a dollar on day zero and then make another 500 over the next year, every investor, only an idiot would say no. And so every investor would do that, of course.

So we're looking at 100% of average order value plus a percentage of lifetime value. And so we're looking to grow AOV because by growing AOV, what it does is it immediately, right, from a cash flow perspective, and we're looking to bring in more and more of lifetime value. We're looking to grow lifetime value so we can afford to take more money from lifetime value, combine it with an increasing average order value to spend more to get a customer. That's the whole – that is the whole game right there. And it's this – it's a – really it's the complete antithesis from the way most entrepreneurs have been taught to – we're not trying to spend less.

We're trying to spend more. Because to me, it's not an expense. It's an investment. An expense is your electric bill, your telephone bill, right? This is an investment.

And so your aim is to invest as much as you can. If your ROI is there, right, in the timeframe that you – if the numbers are there, then your goal is to spend as much or invest as much as you possibly can and do it as often as you possibly can. And so we're looking to grow how much we spend on traffic or how much we invest in traffic. We're looking to grow how much the average order value is so that we can spend more, right? We're looking to grow lifetime value so we can pull more in to spend even more because the more that you can spend, the more that you're willing to spend to acquire a customer, the safer your business is and the more traffic you can generate.

Go ahead, Jason. Something I'll add to that point of odds is sometimes, like even say like a 10% month in your allowable CPA, I've seen that double volume. So say allowable CPA going from 50 to 55, doubling the amount of volume you can do. So sometimes like that can – it doesn't always, but it can pay off in multiples. You know, you may think, oh, I just increased my CPA by 10%, like $5.

But literally on Google Display, like, you know, within several days the traffic volume will double. So guys I work with, some really sharp direct response guys, they're always pushing, you know, split tests to try to get, you know, $3, $4 added on because what you can get in traffic can be, like, you know, greatly amplified. So the small gains in AOB are definitely, I've mentioned, pay off in the volume. Good. Can I add one more thing about optimization too?

There seems to be a, like, we're a big shop, right? So we have the luxury of, like, being able to compartmentalize optimizations by, like, front end or this marketer on this network, this channel. If you guys are smaller scale in your operation, you have to focus on all these different things. The one optimization, like, at the end of the day, Masterclass was, like, the best offer. It had the best creative.

Like, you want to focus on the creative. Like, the algorithms and all the channel scaling will work itself out if your creative is that strong. So I don't think, like, we talk much about just, like, just really hammering in on your creative. And you're going to, like, get a lot of optimization benefit that you don't have to, like, get so in the weeds of, you know, should I be segmenting this way? Or should I be focusing on video ads and then, like, leading them into text ads?

Just that offer was just really strong copy. We have really good ads in creative for it. And everything else was just, you know, was just fun at that point. Good. So there you go.

So we finished up the first two kind of introductory sessions to start to get the wheels spinning, right? We talked about rolling out your campaigns with media and how that's done. And we just talked a little bit about optimizing and scaling campaigns.
