---
title: "SSS - Module 4 - Sharing Your Videos Part 1"
date: 2023-03-30
duration: 23m
duration_seconds: 1422
vimeo_id: 813253821
folder: "SSS"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# SSS - Module 4 - Sharing Your Videos Part 1

**Date:** 2023-03-30 | **Duration:** 23m | **Folder:** SSS

---

Four which is sharing your videos and as part 1 of part two, I want to cover here. So sharing your videos part one, which is the most cost-effective traffic campaigns. You're likely ignoring. So the next strategy I'm going to share with you is something that I don't see a lot of people utilizing but it can be a really effective way of for you to start taking your video content taking a video that you just recorded our scripted with AI recorded in mere minutes and I'm taking that and in again in more minutes have it up and running on YouTube ads in a really cost-effective simple way that doesn't take the the bells and whistles that you need to like because to actually set up and run a profitable YouTube campaign because I will be sharing our process for running a full on campaign in a few moments. But if you just want to get your video content out there and so I start reaching more of your target market.

There's a way you can start doing that by leveraging the tree. content campaigns that work really well and what they are you Taps into what makes YouTube way more powerful than Facebook because for people that have watched my YouTube ads workshop and YouTube ads magic Workshop. You'll recognize this Slide the slide where people go to Facebook to switch off and people go to YouTube to switch on and that's the reality people go to YouTube to switch on when people go to YouTube. They are engaged. They're in uptime.

They're looking for information. They're looking for Education. They're looking for entertainment. They're on the look of for solutions that are problems. They're on the lookout for Content or on the lookout for videos.

And if we put our videos in front of them the right way we can start to get a lot more traction a lot more traffic in a way to that makes it so much easier than just running Facebook ads and there's five reasons why I love YouTube over Facebook. The first one is typically can be easier to scale compliance is not an issue mostly creatives get a lot more money so you can take one video at and get a lot more mileage on us. For example, we have a client now who's in the very competitive space. They're in the financial space and they're in the face-based base combined. Now we are scaling them on a day one row as of Breakeven and an overall row as of 3x, so and we're currently scaling them and they're on there.

They're on point to be spending, you know. Next month, they could be spending anywhere from between 150 Grand in ads and and that's on a day a day one row us up breaking even on day one and then like they're overall row aspect in terms of overall sales in terms of payment plans and everything else that comes in. They're on a tree extra less. So for every dollar day investor making three dollars back, so if they invest $150,000 next month an ads there are on point within 30 days to bring back at least two extra three x in row us and they're all during doing it all with just one video just one video. They don't have thousands of creatives that they might need to have on Facebook.

We'd have to be testing, you know headlines out the Wazoo. You have to be testing Image Creators video creatives placements in terms of right hand column. Stories news feed and everything else and all the nonsense that comes along with Facebook. They're just testing one video ad on YouTube right now using or advertising architecture scaling framework and they're scaling it out of the Wazoo with just one video and that's what I love about YouTube your creatives get so much more mileage. Once you have the right creative and you Fort you get less payments of less placements or more tension.

So it's not tons of placements. There's very few placements, which you get more attention you get at least five seconds of your undivided of your prospects undivided attention. So again, those six hooks one of those hooks is gonna hook them in I get to retention and then keep to retention with the rest of the framework of the ads of how we how we actually showed you how to put together the ads, And then five the main reason why I love YouTube over Facebook is because Google knows everything now if anybody who's been through my YouTube ads Workshop, the next couple of slides will be very familiar to you but they're gonna be very beneficial going back over them. Especially if you have an Implement that is much of the workshop as you would have hopedly after today knowing how easy it is to create these videos. Now, you will be implementing after this so Google knows everything.

So according to W3 Tech 54.8% of all websites have Google analytics installed now, even if you don't have it installed on your own site, you use it every day to run your business to do the things you love that the site you you visit every day in the site you use every day do have it installed. So like if you use click phones or character or kajabi or you use WordPress or all of those things all those big conglomerates do have analytics installed and this means that Google knows Everything and this is good news, because that allows you tap into all of the data of Google analytics that Google has compiled and banned and given to advertisers on Google ads on YouTube ads on Google display and everything else in between now, you can leverage this in some very sneaky ways. Because Google has built audiences out to a zoo that you can tap into and you can start targeting with YouTube ads and which are with with the with the video that you just created and you want to start sharing it on YouTube. Now with the way I'm going to show you you can start tapping into the right audiences in a way to just you can't do on the likes of Facebook and Twitter and everything else. So they've built Affinity audiences which allows you to reach users based on what they're passionate about and their habits and their interests.

They've built in Market audiences, which is reaching users based on their Retreat recent purchase intent or past purchases. They've what these are essentially buyer audience's Google have built out by our audiences. You've heard the same that a buyer is a buyer is a buyer and you should be building it a list of buyers versus a list of prospects. Google have gone ahead and built the ultimate list of buyers that you can just start tapping into and start reaching with display ads with Gmail ads Discovery ads search ads and video ads not shopping ads, not yet anyway. They've also built detailed demographic audiences and you can reach your audiences based on the demographic profiles as well.

But the cool thing about Google ads and YouTube ads that you can build your own audiences using the data from millions of websites. You can tap into the data of Google analytics and build your own. Audiences and transporting gonna be showing you in a couple of moments, but there Friday who who doesn't have this list already or anybody who wasn't in our YouTube ads workshop and it does watch this list. I will be including it as part of a bonus to this workshop and I will be giving it you. It's all in a Google ad sheet.

It covers the infinity audiences the in Market audiences and the detail demographics you can I'll share with you guys as they're bonus for just this Workshop. So you have it. So don't worry if you were thinking all how can I get access to this list? I'm just gonna give you So here are five powerful custom audiences. You can build using data from millions of websites.

The first one is a custom Infinity audience. So this a customer Affinity audience is people who is search for any of these terms or Google. So imagine you are in the tennis Niche so you can create an audience of people who've searched these keywords now in the past and we with our skippable industry mads, when we wanted to drive conversions, we could create keyword audience. We could Target keywords. We could Target placements and we could Target topics we can no longer do that with them when we're creating skippable in-stream ads where we're driving conversions, but that's okay because they've just at first it was like, oh my God, we can never Target them again.

But the reality is we can create our course our own custom audiences of these keywords and still Target these people in a more scalable manner because it's for people who search any of these terms in Google not in the present but in the present or in the past as well, so or if they searched them in the future as well, which is which is really cool. So we have custom affinity. chances We have custom intent audiences. So custom intent audiences is people where any of these interests are purchased intentions. So as people who were interested in purchasing tennis lessons purchasing tennis tutorials purchasing a tennis course purchasing tennis coaching.

We could Target we can create an audience of these people. We have custom URL Affinity audiences. We can Target people who are visiting websites similar to tennis.com essential tenants.com tenniscape.com tennis hit on it. This is just the tennis example, but if there's the remember the top five websites that are prospects are visiting that we build out in our customer Avatar we can put build out custom URL audiences of for people who are visiting these audiences. They're top five favorite movies for people are searching these terms the top five favorite books for people who are searching these books the top five favorite influences.

We can create owners of people everything from our Avatar profile starts to really come into play when we start tapping into YouTube ads and YouTube audiences and Google audiences. The fourth one which is super Euro targeting and this is a hack that I think is really really cool and still even though it's been sharing this for for quite some time. Now. I still see very few people leveraging it and that's where you target the logins to your your competitors membership sites, or if the login to any software programs, they might use you can put in the exact URL login and if they're logging in there, it means chances are there are a buyer of their programs which means they may want to be a buyer of your program, which is pretty cool. And then we also have Affinity audiences as well.

So people who are using apps similar to whatever example you want to use. This is just the 10x example. So once we have our audiences, then we can start to put together our most cost-effective traffic campaigns. You're likely ignoring and what that campaign is essentially tree campaigns and I'll describe it here. It looks like a big mess here.

But it's one of the the coolest YouTube campaigns and most of cost-effective YouTube campaigns. You can run. So the first campaign is a cold ideal audiences campaign. So you would choose go back to your avatar. And let's say we're working with our problem where Avatar at a chatgy BT produced and it has top five favorite movies top 5 favorite books top 5 favorite influencers a top five favorite visitor websites.

We'll create an audience what one audience for each of those areas so we could end up with 15 to 20 audiences. So what we're going to do is we're gonna set up a campaign targeting those audiences where our goal is just getting views on the video. We just created and the acid is just the video that we just created so that video that we just edited the video that we just shot video. Did we just script it out using chattube? Our goal is to get views on that video just views.

We're not looking for conversions right now. We're just looking for views. We're just want to reach out to that massive pool of cold audiences and start getting views on that video. I'm going to show you how easy this isn't just a second campaign. Number two is we're going to Target the video viewers of that video only going to Target.

viewers of that video that we've just set up in campaign number one and the goal here is we're going to have a A video that asks them to subscribe to our channel. So the second campaign ask them to subscribe to your channel, which builds up your YouTube channel, which builds up your number your the number of subscribers that you have on your channel, which is good for overall growth. And then the Third campaign is targeting only to subscribers of your channel and here we're sending them to your website or to your funnel. so what we're essentially doing is we're breaking up into like a a cold traffic warm traffic and like hyper hot traffic and I would just targeting them specifically that way this was a very popular method on Facebook ads a while ago and it's still used to certain extent today. But very very few people are using that in terms of YouTube ads, but in terms of a very cost effective way of you getting your new video in front of people this first campaign you targeting the cold all these audiences with a video views campaign is a very cost-effective way of doing that and I'm going to show you how easy that is in just a couple of Moments video in C2 is specifically saying hey you've checked out one of my videos on X Y and Zed if you like that video make sure you subscribe to my channel where I share new video every single week or every single month or every single day whatever the frequency is and on the channel is all about X Y and Z flick the link below Ebro to the channel where you can subscribe straight away the videos essentially that it's less than 30 seconds long, but it's a really good room because you're targeting the video viewers only of your previous video that worked really well.

Hope that clears that hope essentially what we're doing is we're using the first campaign just to get video views and this new video that we created. So we're getting video views as quickly as possible. So I want to show you a live example of actually you Actually setting this up because it is it's very very very easy to set up. So I want to show you exactly how we set this up right now. So just let me share my screen here and pull up my Google ads dashboard.

So it's just a dormant campaign that we have that I use for tutorials and stuff like that. And there's no dazzling some campaigns in the past and here but I just use it for tutorials. We're gonna go here to create new campaign. I go a new campaign. And we're gonna go create a campaign without a goals guidance.

Now if we go sales campaign or leads campaign it lock us into driving conversions, which is normally what we want to do, but we want to quickly when we want to create a super quick campaign where we can start getting video views and start getting traction as quickly as possible. We're going to use a different campaign strategy. So we're gonna go create a campaign without goals guidance. I'm going to create video here. And these are some of the options that we have we're going to create custom video campaign.

So we're gonna have to give a campaign a name. So normally I would like naming convention we would do is is like your initials the what we're doing so the promo that we're promoting so it might let's say we're calling like chat gbt. video promo the goal of the campaign here. It's just abuse. And the the date so three we'll just put in.

So tree 23. And that's essentiate bid strategy here. We have two bit strategies. We have cost per view or Target CPM because we're a video of use campaign. Now if we were doing a conversions campaign, we would have a Target cost per conversion or we would have maximize commercials maximize conversions.

Well here we're just going to do and maximum cost per view which we'll get to in a second campaign total or daily total. Let's say we just want to spend Let's let's keep it low for a second. Let's say $10 a day start date and date. None here. We want to turn off the video partner.

So when we're doing a video views campaign, we can turn off video Partners on Display Network when we're doing a conversions campaign. We cannot turn off the video Partners on display network, but we do have a workaround for that as well. Did we choose our country, which is our language. I'm going to leave the related videos off for now. I'm gonna click take off.

TV screens, which is normally what we do. I'm also going to do frequency capping. I'm not going to cap Impressions because we get charged based on views. We don't get charged based on Impressions, but I am going to crap cap views. I'm going to cap it to say one view per day or per week or per month.

Typically. We do one if we have a large we know we have a super large audience and a super large total addressable American we would do one pro one per day if we have a smaller total addressable Market, if you're dealing with more more of a defined Niche, maybe you're like dealing with local or you're dealing with them. Hey, they very small market like me you're dealing with just a small pool of dentists or pool of orthodontist or cosmetic surgeons or whatever the case may be. We might limit it to one per week if I'm just gonna leave it at one per day now. And then add schedule if you know that people respond to certain times you can leave that but I usually just leave that blank tire pressure parody measurement if you want to use that you can but again, we normally just leave that and AD group name this the ad group.

I usually Call It Whatever audiences so let's say I'm going to Target like whatever our audience name is and say audience example. one demographics choose your demographics. Let's say we're just targeting. 35 to 6 to 264 and we don't want the lower 50% of household income. We only want to fifty percent at above audience segments.

This is where we actually get your creator audience segment. Does as you can see here, it says select audience segments to Define who you should see your ads. You can create new segments in the audience manager and so over here we have the audience manager. And if you if you want to create like the audiences that we said, let's say, you know the inner Avatar we have the their five favorite books so we could create a an audience of People who are like purchase intentions around let's say what one of the books was. I just pull it up here for a sec.

I'm just on here. So okay, so Okay. So then in the I'm gonna actually go back to the problem where Avatar of the of relationship Rhonda, so From where Avatar their top five favorite books were the five love languages. So let me see the five long Love Languages by Gary Chapman. So we'll take that go over here.

so love languages Book, so that's a name people who have interests or purchase attentions. the five love languages by Gary Chapman now obviously Here we go. We know that in this state. There's a hundred million to 500 million impressions gender 73% female age range 18 to 24 50% of their Menon parents and the topics are romance fantastic City surveys family relationships want to trivia. So that's one audience that we could create now.

I'm not going to create it here because it's just a dormant account. We could do the exact same for the other one, which is The bridge isn't a matter The Bridges of Madison County and basically we're just going back to Chachi BT in the Avatar created and we create one Addy one audience for every single section. So one audience for each of the movies one audience for each of the books one audience for each of the websites one audience for each other the media influencers, and we end up with essentially 20 audiences that we can Target either collectively. All at once and Google will spread the budget amongst whichever responds the best or we can Target each one one audience per campaign. Now if you wanted to get super granular, I would do one audience per campaign.

But if you just wanted to get video views as quickly as possible and see which audience produces the best as quickly as possible. You could just lump them all into the one campaign either or but create ahead of time you could create these audiences and then you can Target them. Let's just assume That we didn't have them. We had them created here. You can also search for audiences here.

So let's say Romance novels So here we go in market for romance books and with let's just say this is just the one the one audience that we're targeting. I'll give you available Impressions 9.1 a million 19.1 million available questions every single week and then we're not going to do any keywords if if we were doing A conversions campaign we can no longer do keywords topics or placements. But because we're doing a video of views campaign we can do these but we're not going to utilize them and just for this example here. We're just doing the audiences remember, so I'm just got this is just an example video I have here it's not it's just an a video just to show you how quickly this is and then we have We're going to do is skippable and stream and then here's where we this is where you have an option. You can either send them to the video to watch the video.

Or if you want them to do or you can send them to your funnel now in a video views campaign, depending on your overall strategy, obviously or overall goal is leads and sales. So you send them to your funnel. So whatever your funnel maybe let's say it was, you know, if I agency.com forward slash Atlanta, this is just a home page, but if it was a particular landing page and then we would have like E5 agency.com call to action. Let's say sign up. And here what we can do is we have the display URL.

We have a call to action seven to 10. We have a headline and the headline will be like, you know. click here now And in the bonus section, what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you how to use chat gbt to actually create Google ad content. So like in terms of Google ads in terms of when we're doing skippable in-stream ads to get conversions. We have to use a full headline.

We have to use long description and we have to use we have to use a couple of descriptions and long headlines as well and we can actually train check gbt to take your avatar content and produce and like produce copy that you can use when you're setting up your ad so you can use it yourself. Typically what we would normally do if we're driving them to the lead page or landing page to where the register for a website webinar or download a lead magnet. We would typically use the headline and the topic of the the webinar whatever the case is as the headline in the descriptions, but we can also train chat gbt to produce this content as well if we want to similarly for AdWords as well. We can trainer to produce ads for AdWords. And then we have or add one and pretty much it there maximum cost per view.

It says you can prove your campaigns potential reach performs when using a bit of nine. I usually go one or two cents above what they recommend. Not $11 and 11 Cent. and And we create create campaign and in the campaign is going to start it'll get approved pretty quickly because YouTube approves a lot quicker than Facebook and they they're not as compliant heavy as Facebook account shutdowns are pretty much and fewer between whereas on Facebook. It's pretty much you have problems like nearly every single week.

It can be a nightmare we hit create campaign and that's our easy campaign. Created just like that using the video that we just created super simple to start getting video views and that campaign and driving people to your offers very very cost-effectively with that one campaign, but that won't campaign is just a video of use campaign. The overall structure of creating full on YouTube ads is covered into YouTube ads magic workshop for people that and are interested in getting access to that Workshop. Do send me an email after on John at E5 agency.com. We can hook you up.

We're getting access. We'll make sure we we get a good deal on that some people on this. I've already watched it if you have watched it. You've already got an access. But like it's it's super easy to start getting views on the video.

You just created you scripted a video. You would chat gbt you shot the video super easily either using AI or hopefully your shot at yourself. I've shown you a really easy method to do that. If edited very very easily and in minutes you can have that video up on YouTube getting you to getting your views getting you clicks to your website getting your clicks to your phone and that can be done very very easily and very cost effectively now we have to get to the full on Section of actually driving consistent predictable growth which a video ads and which a video content and that's part number five.
