---
title: "SSS - Module 5 - Sharing Your Videos Part 2"
date: 2023-03-30
duration: 13m
duration_seconds: 808
vimeo_id: 813254575
folder: "SSS"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# SSS - Module 5 - Sharing Your Videos Part 2

**Date:** 2023-03-30 | **Duration:** 13m | **Folder:** SSS

---

Part number five share your videos part 2. This is the where we tap into full-on advertising architecture and optimizing YouTube ads now for anybody that has been through the YouTube ads Workshop. A lot of this will be familiar. And for those who haven't and brace yourself because we've got a lot of cover. We're gonna cover the campaign setup.

We're gonna cover optimization and we'll cover scaling. Hopefully this has been helpful so far. So let's the advertising act architecture structure is this is the structure that we would typically use our goal is going to be conversions example, we're looking for leads we're looking for signups or we're looking for sales or whatever the case may be the campaign type or goal type is going to be maximize conversions. The number of campaigns we're going to use is one in the past when we could still use keywords topics and placements and everything else. We used to set up five campaigns, but we can no longer do that.

We can only use audiences in conversion campaigns. This was a big update which kind of a whole it was the catless for me putting together this whole training in the first place was to do and update for our YouTube ads magic people and this video is part of that. I mean like they like that dish are saying that's this video but they this shift going from like five campaigns one campaign and actually makes things so much easier because you don't have to create multiple campaigns anymore. But the notebook campaigns you're going to create is one just choose one of the audiences or like I said, if you want to look them all together lump them all together. The audience is you set up is all Gummy based on the Avatar profiling that we did at a very very beginning sort of five favorite movies.

The five favorite books the five most visited websites and there are five. They're social media influencers that's gonna be formed the basis of or targeting because we know that that's what they're interested in. That's what they're focusing on. That's what they're searching for and everything else. The number of AD groups we're gonna have is one.

The number of ads is really gonna be five or six. And again one thing I didn't cover is when we have our script you're gonna record your five hooks at the beginning with the script and then you're going to record the body section, which is the Engage educate and offer section and then you're going to edit them together one hook and onto the body and then you end up with say if you do it all six hooks you end up with six videos. If you do Five Hooks you end up or five videos. If you do tree hooks you end up with three videos. Typically, I remember no less than three at the beginning because it allows you to test effectively and then, you know, if you want to use all six you can as well.

Minimum daily budget recommended by Google is five times the 10 times your ideal cost per need or CPA. If you're not willing to pay more than say five dollars per lead. They recommend five times or 10 times at a day which would be 25 dollars a day or fifty dollars a day. If you're willing to pay 10 dollars a lead. It'll be $50 a day or $100 a day.

Third. That's the recommended guidelines. Now you can get away with running this a smaller budget that but the results will be a lot slower to come. So we always recommend going with our ideal and recommended budget. The placement type is going to be skippable in stream video ads and our initial targets that we're looking for is at least a 20% view rate and a 2% click to rate.

Well a 20% view rate and 2% Click to rate or plan on what's going on here our plan on reworking the hooks are creative. So again, the audiences that we're creating are going to be either day Infinity's in Market audiences customer affinities custom URL affinities custom intent or custom app affinity. These are the ones that you can create. I recommend starting with the the purchase intent ones around the Avatar and they're around the profile in terms of their favorite movies for every book social media influencers and everything else. So I recommend starting there but that Avatar profile that perfect Persona prompting profile gives you so much information that like You can you you have a wealth of information when it comes to your audience.

These are extra ones that you can create as well. So like let's say let's give an example for like the infinity we can create an affinity audience for one of the books. We can create an in-market audience for the same book. We can keep create a keyword audience for the book. We if that book has a website.

We can create a website you around Affinity audience for that book. Like we can create a custom and 10 campaign for that book. And if that book has a related app, we can create a an app Affinity audience as well for that book. So like we can get super super granny. You don't need to I just wanted to share some examples of what you could do.

If you want to get super ground you and go Hog Wild and create as many audiences as you can by all means do the more testing and audiences you do the better, but you'll have more to know from just those initial 20 audiences based on their top five movies top five books top five websites top five social media influencers. So when we're doing a skippable in-stream ad we can't untick the video Partners on a display network, but I'll be showing you a workaround to that in a second and which is going to A pro tip which is excluding mobile apps and avoid wasted ad spend. So once you have your campaigns set up you can go to exclusions on the on the underneath placements on the left hand side. Go to placements exclusions select exclude from account and add in mobile app category semicolon semicolon 69 500 as a placement exclusion. If any this is confusing and you're unsure how to do this and in the YouTube ads magic Workshop.

I show you how to do all of this. I also show you how to set up your conversions in the first place set up the audience's and set up a campaign from scratch. So don't worry about any of that. If you're unsure of we'll make sure we get you access to that if you need a little bit extra hand holding there. I remember to laser targets your demographics do honing on age range parents and they're like that the household income if you're selling something more than like a hundred dollars normally would recommend on taking the lower 50% if you're selling like low-end front-end products.

I don't mean low-end in terms of quality, but lower end on the price price point lower price point products and you can leave that lower 50% ticked. Pro tip number seven is exclude these partner. So it's sides to avoid wasted ad spend again go to placement exclusions and select slew from account. These are two Tau over 2000 websites that are used for display ads that we don't want to be running on from a YouTube ads point of view. Google have just lumped into the Display Network recently for conversion ads.

They're generally junk traffic and we generally just waste ad spend when we utilize them so we don't use them. So I have a list here of over 2,100 and exclusion lists to use. I'll make sure that you get access to that list as well. So you can add them as an exclusion list and pro tip number eight. Like I showed you when we're doing setup is we exclude at TV screens and we include in better videos live streaming videos and games as well.

We do cap review frequency instead of impression frequency, whether it's and again, you could choose that depending on the size of your Market this example here. We do tree views per month, which is slightly less than one per week and a view is typically 30 seconds or longer or sometimes it's different between what campaign you choose, but typically it's that 30 seconds sometimes 15 seconds and Pro tip number 10 if shooting Talking Heads Are which is our most recommended which is essentially what I'm doing here. Once you've got some winning ones you can start shooting you you can shoot your hooks in different locations. So inside at your it like at your computer at your kitchen outside walking in your care and you're sitting room or whatever the case may be. I want you find winning scripts based on what chat GB is produce.

You can test all scripts and different formats and present differently as well. So instead of you recording them, you can get like a spokesperson to record them. You could get a puppet to record them. You could get a AI to record them and test different AI models and everything else like we showed you in my pip you that's after you've found a winning one so not before so when it comes to optimization, where do we optimize when it comes to optimizing your YouTube campaigns? The first question we ask is are we hating our kpis if yes, we are hitting her kpis in terms of or ideal lead classes this or ideal sale cost.

Is this or ideal? Or ideal, you know opt-in rate is this or whatever the case may be for hitting our kpis we move on to phase number three. So we skipped his face if we're not hitting our kpis we start with our creatives do we have less than the 20% view rate and less than a 2% clicker rate. If we do, we would normally rework our Hooks and reshoot our videos. So we would either rework our hooks or ask GPD chat gbd to produce some more videos produce more videos scripts or whatever the case maybe and then we would reshoot them and re-upload them.

This is obviously very advanced stuff. And this is very this can be like this is where we're looking to optimize really scale out our campaigns. I wanted to cover this with you and give you a full growning of the overall picture like the main focus of this Workshop is to help you scripture videos super super quickly in May or minutes. I'll just script a video with chat gbt how to shoot it very very effectively either using a camera or your phone camera or even use an AI tools and how you can share with a very very straightforward and simple YouTube campaign. This part five here is more of Deck YouTube campaign structure and optimization structure and scaling structure.

You don't need this to start using description share process, but I wanted to give you this so you have the next steps when it comes to actually getting even better results, but what I'm sharing with you today, I hope that's clear. Um when it comes to digging into data and optimize Faith, this is where YouTube really excels ahead of Facebook. So I I like to say that YouTube is like a bonsai treated it needs pruning and Facebook is like a beast that just needs constantly feeding and pruning a bonsai tree It'll like with YouTube we can really drill into areas like where our ads has showed what channels has been showed on what I'm what websites have been shown on if we were utilizing websites and so on and so forth, but if there's certain channels that aren't performing. Well we can turn them off after our ones are performing. Well, maybe we can create an audience of those channels of that channel and Target that audience that channel and the audience specifically afterwards.

So let's say if the the channel of the the expert that they follow let's say or the Avatar is following brene a brown maybe brene. A brown has a really popular Channel and while we're doing conversion as we can Target that channel directly we can create an audience of people who are visiting that channel and then we can still Target. In a kind of like roundabout way. So we can dig into where the ads have shown we can dig into what audiences are performing better than others. Let's say or ideal cost per conversion is $15.

We can turn off audiences that are performing above that or you know, typically what we do in terms of turning off audiences. If the audience is performing two times as spent two times or three times our ideal cost per lead or cost per conversion and has a generated a sale. We would normally turn it off if it's gotten conversions and starts to get out of our range. Typically we would do like we like we essentially have to set our kpis at the beginning. So normally what we would do is that if for cost per lead is 15 dollars, we're getting conversions and we go slightly above we would normally turn it off.

But if any time we go over say like a 60% above or ideal cost per lead. That's when we started to turn off audiences as well. Obviously we can dig into our demographics and see what demographics are performing better noters. What householding kit was a performing better notice as well. Again.

This is all super advanced stuff. This is a necessary for you to get going with the scripture process again, I just want to share the full overall picture. So you're clear on what like eventually optimizing and scaling looks like for your business when it comes to running and YouTube ads and then when it comes to scaling our goal is to get first and foremost to get a thousand conversions or a thousand leads. And then what we do is we're gonna take our best campaign and our best creatives and then relaunch in new campaign based off of that's but our initial goal is to get a thousand conversions and that's that's typically like what the Google reps and the Google specialist say that in Google say in terms of how when the algorithm really starts to find its feet. It doesn't necessarily mean that you're not going to be getting results until you get that you should be getting results pretty quickly or once you've everything set up correctly.

But once you get a thousand conversions, this is where you can really start to to utilize and a lot owner components of the Google ads into YouTube ads platform So when you have a winning campaign, do not break it usually it's best to never touch it unless you're just raising the budget pay attention to Google's limited by budget. And warning only when all of your other kpis are in favor, like they'll tell you to increase your budget if they think they're getting you good results regardless, if you're actually getting good results or not. So only pay attention to that when your kpis are in their favor when you have a winning campaign. When you want to make some changes you want to duplicate your winning campaign, then test any changes to ads copy audiences demographics Etc in a sandbox Campaign, which is a secondary campaign. So you're not breaking what's working.

Hopefully that makes sense and then use once you're scaling past the Thousand conversions start to tap into Google's Arsenal. You can start to unlock more scale and winning campaigns by each introducing Google display and Google explain Network retargeting ad specific videos specific retargeting YouTube channel retargeting Gmail retargeting more even bringing in like things like Facebook retargeting as well. It opens up so much possibility for you.
