---
title: "2 Google Ads Tutorial 2022 Step by Step - Adwords"
date: 2022-10-13
duration: 43m
duration_seconds: 2603
vimeo_id: 759924407
folder: "YTAdsMagic"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# 2 Google Ads Tutorial 2022 Step by Step - Adwords

**Date:** 2022-10-13 | **Duration:** 43m | **Folder:** YTAdsMagic

---

Today I'm sharing our step-by-step Google ads tutorial for getting more website visitors getting more leads and getting more sales. Hi. I'm John mullery and this Google ads tutorial is suitable for anyone looking to either start advertising on Google or improved or existing campaigns the right way regardless of what product what service or what offer you're selling. I'm sharing the exact methods we use in our agency to help clients scale on Google roughly. Now for this tutorial, we're going to jump into my computer so I can share my screen and bring you through everything step by step ready.

Let's do it. Okay. So for the purpose of this at tutorial today, there's gonna be two assumptions one that you have a Google ad account already set up and two that you've got your conversion events already set up as well. So you'll be able to track conversions. Now, if you don't have a Google ads account set up I'm gonna link a video to show you how to set up a Google ads account.

And if you don't have your Google ads conversions set up, I'm also gonna link another video that shows you step by step how to show up here how to set up your conversions. Well for today's tutorial, we're going to be focusing specific. Typically on a search campaign this designed to not only help you get traffic to your offers, but also help you validate whether or not your offers are strong enough to actually convert with paid traffic in the first place. So we're going to hit this big blue button under the campaign's home section. We're just going to hit this blue button here when I hit new campaign when we go into a new campaign, there's all always a lot of different options.

We have we have sales leads website traffic product brand consideration brand awareness app promotion local store visits and promotions and create a campaign without Gold's guidance. So this is what I'm gonna hit I'm gonna choose this option here and we are going to be optimizing for a conversion set but I'm just gonna use this as an example. Now we're going to be we have a number of different options when it comes to choosing the type of AD campaign. We want we have search performance Max display shopping video app Smart local and Discovery the option you would choose here really depends on the Campaign you're setting up but for the purpose of this tutorial, we're setting up a search campaign. So that's basically ads that we're going to show in the Google search results and in future future videos, I can talk about different ones like display YouTube and smart campaign Discovery campaigns and so on and so forth.

We're gonna choose search here. and then we're going to choose our conversion and Close this out here leave. We're gonna choose or come our conversion goals for this campaign that the goals that we want to campaign to optimize for and we're essentially going to be optimizing for boat sign ups begin checkouts and purchases. So we're not going to be optimizing for Pages because that's just a standard one. So I'm just going to remove this and Now the the campaign performance called and these are conversion goals a way to already set up ahead of time.

So like I said, I'd link to another video If you haven't got your conversion goals already set up now, if you're driving to a webinar and you're optimizing for leads, obviously, you would just optimize for signups. If you were driving directly to a sales page, you may optimize just for purchases or you may optimize for begin checkouts. But for the purpose of this campaign, I'm just gonna optimize for what's called a conversion set. So I'm up to Rising for both sign ups purchases and begin checkout. So we're gonna be optimizing for all three.

So again, if you have not got your conversion goals already set up in your conversion tracking or not sit up in Google. This is the very first step that you need to focus on because it's absolutely critical to the success of your campaign that you're able to tell Google what to optimize for. Once you've got these setup. You're just gonna hate continue and you're gonna call give your campaign a name and when it comes to naming a campaign we typically like to use The the offer that we're promoting as the beginning the the type of campaign were running the type of targeting we're using and the the type of offer it is and then are kind of demographic. So for example, I'm going to put in say YouTube test.

We're doing a search campaign. We're going to be doing a keyword campaign. And we're going to be our Niche is for this example. I'm going to be using tennis as a as a niche or age range is 35 Plus and we're doing all devices in USA and or date that we're doing it in is today's date, which is the the 14th of June now, I'm just going to separate these a little bit better click continue. So we're going to be optimizing for our conversions and we're not going to set a Close this out leave.

We're not going to set a Target cost per action. We're gonna set it for maximize conversions. At least at the very beginning. And what we want to do here is you have a number of different options. You have conversions conversion value clicks Impressions.

We want to optimize for conversions because we're direct response marketers. We want to get results. We want to get leads. We want to get sales. We want to get sign up.

So we want to get people to register for a webinar if that's the case. So we want to get people to buy your product or course or offer test case as well. So we're going to set maximize conversions and then in terms of our networks what we're going to do what we have search Network or Display Network and Display Network can be good when you're looking to scale and you're looking to get extra traffic. But right now we're just gonna focus on the search Network and we're just gonna ignore this and notification from Google here. And then when it comes to our country, we simply choose the country that we want to Target now for this example.

I'm only going to be targeting the United States and one thing to notice is when you hit location up options you want to change this to presence because if you have presence or It it made sure to people the outside of your chosen country who have an interest in your country. So say for example say you're targeting people in the United States. It may it may show to people in Brazil who have an interest in United States maybe to watch us TV shows and to watch us Netflix and things like that. Their ads will still show them, but we don't want that. We want people with the presence in the actual country.

So we're going to click people in regularly in your Target locations. And if we have any exclusions, which we're not going to have any exclusions here you same thing same deal with the exclusions language. We're just going to choose English as a language when it comes to audience segments. It's not necessarily and a requirement when you're running search ads, but it can be a really fantastic strategy to use audience segments in your Google ad campaigns. Once you get some some ads that are performing.

Well some terms that are performing well and some offers that are performing well in Google so there's lots of different audience segments that and Google has already created. So obviously Google owns Google analytics. So they and Google analytics is installed and something like I don't know the exact step well as something like 60 to 65% of all websites on the internet, which means they have a ton of data and they've compiled and created lots of different audiences across lots of different ranges and we have this spreadsheet that we have which actually details the three types of audiences that Google has created as well as every single one and whether they're on display Gmail Discovery search shopping and video so we have Affinity audiences, so just as people who are interested in and things related to Banking and finance food and dining as you can see lots of different options here and we have in Market audiences, which is a parallel accessories. They're in the market. They're either purchase recently order in the market to purchase these type of things.

Obviously. This can be super super lucrative when you're tapping into these audiences lots of different options here and then we have the demographic side of things as well. I just scroll down here quickly to show you how much there is and then we have detailed demographics as well. So obviously this is super super important and these are all the different types of audiences whether they can be targeted and display Gmail Discovery search shopping and video. Now if you want that spreadsheet, I will happily send you a link to that spreadsheet.

All you got to do is just let me know in the comments and subscribe to the channel and I will send you a link directly to that spreadsheet so you can download it and you can leverage those audiences because there is a ton a ton and absolute ton of opportunity in those audiences and Them to your campaigns. So if you're interested in that getting access to that spreadsheet just like I said like this video leave a comment below and subscribe to this Channel and I'll send you a link to download that audience targeting too. Okay. So let's continue. So for the purpose of this tutorial today, we're not going to add any audiences now, actually, what I will do is I'll go back under here to audience segments just to show you what I mean about the opportunity.

So let's say if I was a search for because we're using tennis as an example. Let's say if I was to search for tennis we have we can add these audiences to our campaigns tennis and Tuesdays that's definitely one that we could use and there's some other ones here sports fans, we could definitely use that and in America in the market for soccer tickets baseball tickets, they're not necessarily relevant, but the the tennis Enthusiast and definitely is a potential one we could add now for the purpose of this tutorial say we're not going to add them. We're gonna start with a Bare Bones search Campaign, which you can see how powerful the audience segments can be. So we'll just leave this blank. We're gonna go down here to the more setting section.

We're gonna optimize for our best performing ads when it comes to search campaigns the most important part of your campaigns is this screen here is an adding your keywords and adding the the type of searches that you want to search for now. We always always recommend When you're starting off at least starting off that you start with one keyword per ad group and you start with the top five keywords in your Niche your industry or your offer. So for our example the keywords, we're going to be using because we're in the tennis space and we're selling a hypothetical tennis and offer is we're going to be using tennis lessons. tennis training I don't know why that's saying. tennis training tennis classes tennis tutorials tennis course now if I just used those keywords like that, they're going to end up what's called a broad match as you can see under here and we don't want it broad match a broad match is fine.

Once you've got in offer that is already proven to convert and you just want to go as broad as possible and you want to you know, you're trying to Milk The Cow for as much as possible with the reality is at the beginning when you're setting up your campaign. We don't know how well our how bad or campaign is gonna perform. So we want to be very conservative or Google will spend your budget and it will spend it super super fast. So we want to be very very careful about the keywords that we choose. So we're gonna be doing both a phrase match and it and exact match.

So I phrase matches that the phrase is used in the search phrase and exact matches that they're searching the exact term that we're putting in and I'm going to show you how to do that in a second. But I want to share two resources that will help you in terms of finding the best keywords for you. The first one is the free Google Keyword tool. So I'm going to put in say tennis lessons and the Google Keyword to can be found up in here under Tools and settings over here to planning Keyword Planner and that will open up the keyword tool. I'll just open it up in a new tab here so you can see it what it looks like and when it opens up you're gonna have two options you're going to have a discover new keywords and get search volume and forecast and this is what we want.

We want get search volume and forecasts and then you're going to put in your phrase. So say tennis lessons. Get started and it's going to give you the search volume for that. Now if we wanted to get keyword ideas we can put in again put in our phrase here again tennis. Lessons and hit get results.

So we can see that tennis lessons. There's roughly 12,000 searches a month tennis lessons near me 27,000 tennis classes near me 9,000 tennis coaching adult tennis lessons tennis training and U tennis lessons adult lessons Etc. So this is our search volume and obviously there is If we sort by average monthly searches will get a better idea tennis indoor courts near me. So that's not relevant. So if we had a broad search of tennis lessons this keyword would probably show up in in the search results when it's not relevant because we don't want to be targeting someone who's searching for an indoor court.

We want to take someone who's targeting for the actual phrase tennis lessons tennis training tennis classes tennis coaching and so on and so forth. So we want to make sure that we're using the right keyword phrase. So Google Keyword Planner is a free tool. I would recommend you playing around in here you can add in as many different ones as you want here. So you can add in the you know tennis training and or whatever other keywords you have I recommend starting with no no less than three.

No more than five. And when you're doing your research in order tool you can use which is that paid to work keyword tool that I owe. This is a pay tool. I think it's anywhere from 67 to 97 dollars a month. It's a very very good tool.

You don't need it. You can use it the free Google Keyword Planner keyword tool is pretty good because they give you search results. Across these what I do like about keyword tool that I/O gives you variations up to keywords. You can put in questions you can put in presuppositions you can put in related keywords and it will just give you lots of different options that you can Target but for the purpose of this when you're setting up an initial campaign The core keyword is what you want to test first and testing the core key phrase to the phrase. That's most closely related to your specific thing that you're selling.

So say for example say you were selling a course on Google ads the most closest related keyword to that is Google ads course or right and then maybe a secondary one might be Google ads tutorial or Google ads training like I'm gonna be showing you with it with the tennis example here. So use it straight to five of the closest keywords to whatever it is that you're selling or whatever it is that you're offering or promoting if it's a free training or if it's a something you're selling use the keywords that are closely related to them. What we're going to be doing is we're going to be setting up a Within our campaign, we're going to have five ad groups and each of those ad groups is going to be focusing on. The one keyword and we're going to be both using both the phrase match and the exact match. So for the purpose of this example here, we're just going to focus on tennis lessons, but to have the things set up the right way.

We're going to have tennis lessons in square bracket and we're gonna have tennis lessons in inverted commas. So tennis lessons in inverted commas is the phrase match. So that means that the phrase is used in the search term so someone might say best tennis lessons course online or the exact match is someone searching just tennis lessons. So our first keyword is going to be our first ad group is just going to be called tennis. Lessons, so we're only going to be targeting these two keywords nothing else.

So then we put in or URL which I'm going to get now. So this is where we paste in the URL where we're gonna be sending traffic. So I'm using this and URL which is just a test viewer as a URL as an example. There's actually no there's actually no content on this but I'm just using it as an example now in the future. I will do a video on UTM tracking and using Terror party tools like Wicked reports and hyrules and things like that.

But for for now, we're just gonna use the final URL as long as you got your conversion tracking set up correctly. We use it. I have a video that where I've showed you how to do using both Google tag manager and hard coding the conversions into your pages. I'll link that somewhere on this video so you can watch And the headlines we have a lot of different headline options. So we have if we add as many as we have possible, I think it goes to 10 maybe more since the last time we want to three four five six seven eight nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 15 headline options and we can have one two, three, four four descriptions.

And we this is where we put in our tracking template if you were doing tracking now at the beginning you don't necessarily have to use all headline options and But once you get going and once you start getting traffic, we do recommend it you start using them all so I'm just gonna start putting themes in here. So see tennis. lessons to do 100% guarantee improve here tennis online tennis coach and then one thing to remember is always put in your your keywords into the headlines as well. So like we have tennis lessons. We're also going to put in tennis training.

We're going to put in tennis course online. So we're using our keywords some reason. Don't know what that happened. I like to camel case my my headline and words as well. So camel cases just capling of capitalizing the first letter of each of the words.

It's It's just a nice method of mix. It makes it easier for someone to read the actual headline. So we're gonna say a little tennis. Miss coaching Now obviously the moly method is a fictitious matted for improving your tennis don't think it's actual real. I'm just using it as an example new tennis course details and Murray method for improving your tennis game and as little as and six hours or less and keep just here.

Driving people. Like I said, I'll do future videos on tracking but we're just gonna keep this blank and you have the option to use it different you final URL for mobile. That's fine pdmv of your mates brand new course tennis tutorials online. So what's gonna happen is Because we're using lots of different headlines the ad strength is excellent. We always want to make sure add strength is excellent.

Now, this is just the first ad group and we're just going to call this actually we're just call this. one so we know it's the first one. Tennis lessons now, we will be adding negative keywords to it and I'll be getting to that in a second in a second. But for first what we're just going to do is going to go down here to next. And we're going to skip decided link extensions.

This is something that you would add and if in the future once your campaign is running and starting to get results. It's not relevant right now because we want to make sure that our campaign is actually a gonna be approved and B to see that we want to like test whether or not or offer is going to be strong enough and whether or not we can get conversions within the the allowable cost per acquisition that we have within our allowable CPA and and so sight link sections aren't relevant right now calling sanctions are relevant right now and call extensions. Eric relevant right now when none of this is relevant right now eater and in the future this is certainly a way to augment the results of your ads and improve the results your ads. But right now extensions isn't necessary, especially when you're starting off and you're looking to to get offer validation. You're looking to get some initial campaigns going to see if there's enough volume for the keywords that you're targeting and so on and so forth.

So set your average daily budget for this we recommend anywhere from five times to 10 times your ideal cost per lead or your ideal cost per sale. So let's say for example that you're willing to pay ten dollars a lead your ideal and And an ideal budget for that will be five times or ten times your ideal cost bleed of ten dollars, which will be $50 or a hundred dollars a day. So it's gonna say let's say this to say $50 a day. Ideally, it would be the higher range. You'll allow you to get more data quickly, but for the purposes of this example, we're just going to set it to $50.

And then so once you get this screened in you can just do a quick review to campaign. Now this the campaign isn't fully set up yet because what we're gonna have to do afterwards is add in the extra ad groups and in an add in some some negative keywords as well, but we just do a quick review click publish. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to go into the campaign and actually pause it because I don't want it to start running and because it will be disqualified because it's sending to a blank page anyways, but this is just an example. So now when we're in our ad group level we can see that we have one ad group in there and this ad group if we click in we can see that it's targeting the keywords tennis lessons the exact phrase tennis lessons exact match and where teresing tear also targeting the phrase match of tennis lessons. So now what we're going to do is we're going to go back and we're going to create the next four.

We're gonna add in the four remaining ad groups targeting the other phrases and then after that we're going to add in our negative keywords to each of the ad groups because each ad group is gonna have some specific negative keywords, and then our campaign is pretty much ready to rock and roll. So let me come back here. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to copy this so going to go edit. and copy and I'm going to untick this I'm going to come all the way over to the side. I'm going to hit the more section down here to three dots.

I'm gonna hit paste. And then I have to choose my Campaign which is fine. I'm gonna hit done and you have the option to pause new ad groups after pacing because the campaign itself is pause. We don't need to do that. We're just going to hit paste.

It usually takes a couple of moments. So here it is tennis lessons. Number two what we're just going to change this to tennis. I'm training. and hit save we're going to click into this.

Now first thing we have to do is we have to remove these two keywords because these are the tennis lesson keywords. It's going to hit edit and remove hit confirm. Now obviously you could create the ad group again from scratch, but that means that you have to add the ad as well. Now you could copy the app, but I I just like this way I think this way is quite a little bit quicker. So what we're going to do is we're gonna add in our keywords.

And again the keywords you were using here like I said is tennis training? and we're using the the exact match and the phrase match again. So we can see we have exact match and phrase match now at any stage. If you wanted to change you could change it to Broad match which they recommend and of course Google would recommend that because that means you'll they'll get you as many impressions as you want. And a lot of those impressions are going to be unqualified not the right impressions for you.

So we always recommend that you use exact match and phrase match. So that's that second ad group created now, we're going to create our third ad group back here to work ad groups. And I'm just going to duplicate this one and click. copy and paste done and hit paste. So this one we're going to call tennis course because where you're going to be using the seed word tennis course.

And we're gonna call this number. three So for this one, we're going to go into our ad group. We're going to remove these two keywords by going to edit and click remove. And we're going to add in our two tennis course keywords. Which is the exact?

match of tennis course and the phrase match of tennis scores I'm gonna go back to our campaign here. But to our ad group level. Just going to copy this. And we're going to do paste. done and hit paste and we have a fourth one of the fourth one.

We're going to be doing is tennis coach. So we click in here again. First of all, we're going to remove these ones click confirm and then we're going to add in or to tennis coaching keywords again the exact match and the phrase match. for each Now just to reiterate the reason why we do. It things this way and the reason why we recommending doing this we're having at least five ad groups one keyword per ad Group is because you're testing your C keywords first.

So before you add in already broad keywords and long tail keywords, in case you're not familiar with a long tail keyword a long tail keyword is a longer phrase and that's using a specific keyword. So say for example in tennis course a long tail keyword be best online tennis course for beginners. That's a long tail keyword. Now the good thing is because we're using phrase match and exact match. We'll still pick up this keyword in this C keyword ad group what we're primarily going to be focusing on these keywords.

And these are the closest related keywords to our particular offer and this instance or particular offer is a fictitious a it's not a real offer, but we're using tennis as an example. So we're using five ad groups with five of the highest volume closely related to our offer keywords that we have available. So we have lessons training course coach And the last one we're going to be setting up is tutorials. And the reason why we do this is because this allows you to validate whether or not search can be viable for you in the first place and validate whether or not cold search campaigns is something that you shoot you can and should one for your business. Now, there are there is a secondary search Campaign which we call a branded search campaign and this is a warm search campaign and this is for I'll be doing a future video on that because it's a type of campaign that you can run which are already getting some traffic to your website that can allow you to get a lot more conversions at a much lower cost.

But you wouldn't set up that campaign until you already have some traction with your advertising campaigns. So from a search point of view, we always start with this type of research campaign. It allows you to spend the the spend as a patiently as possible. So you don't waste any AD spend on keywords that are not relevant to your business keywords that are broad so you may use things like tennis coaching or tennis training but a broad keyword related to that maybe tennis courts. Are me now someone's searching for tennis court near them is not a good fit for tennis training because they're not searching for tennis training.

But if they're searching for tennis training and you have a course that that all about tennis training well, then that's very relevant. We want to make sure at least at the very very beginning when we're looking to get traction looking to get data. They're looking to test our Market and Test our offer and get some validation using closely related Search terms is absolutely critical. So I hope that's crystal clear because it is so important to the and it's so power amount to success of your campaigns. So last one like I said is 10 is tutorials.

So we're just going to copy this and I can't remember if I've already copied it, but I'll just do it again. We're gonna hit paste. I'm gonna hit done. and hit paste and we're just gonna change this to tennis tutorials. Hit save.

click in here remove these keywords. click confirm one tick and then we're going to add in or two keywords. And we are nearly done. Okay, so we're just going to hit save here. And we have phrase match tennis tutorials and exact match tennis tutorials.

So now if we come back to our campaign level we can see that we have five ad groups. Each ad group is targeting a very specific keyword and it's using both phrase match and exact match. So the last step before we put our campaigns life is by adding in negative keywords, and there's two well really tree types of negative keywords. I want you to add your campaign. The first one is it's just one word and that's it's not always necessary to add your campaigns but it is if you're selling a product to service or an offer and that's regardless of whether you're selling at VA free training like a webinar or free challenge, but you want to make sure we always typically add in the the keyword free I in our negative keywords because we want to eliminate as much as possible people who are looking for free stuff because we all want obviously to generate customers generate clients and generate buyers.

So when that that's the first keyword, we're going to be eliminating but then Second one is within each of these ad groups. We want to make sure that we're eliminating or adding the negative keywords of the other keywords in the other AD group. So say for example in the tennis coach ad group. We want to make sure that our negative keywords. We're using our tennis tutorials tennis course tennis training antennas lessons.

We don't want those keywords showing up in our tennis coach ad group and so similarly with the other ones and then finally the other keywords and this is an optional. We have a master negative keyword list and these are Universal ones that we typically add to all campaigns. Some of them are just kind of spam words that we want to make sure we don't have in there and then there's other ones specific to the type of offers that you may be selling. So say for example, if you sell high-end products or Services, you may be want to include these as negative keywords. If you sell discounted Services, you may want to include these as keywords.

If you're in the automated of Industry, you can use these repairer if you're in entertainment and so on and so forth. This is a long long list of about What's the total on it? I think it's 1,484 negative keywords depending on industry. Now, you're not going to use all of these obviously use the ones at the specific for your business. Now, if you would like that negative keyword list on top of getting our Google audience spreadsheet which includes Affinity audiences in Market audiences and demographic audiences.

All you need to do is just simply like this video leave a comment below letting me know that you've liked it and letting me know that you've enjoyed the video if you have and also subscribe to this channel, I will reply to your comment and I will give you access to those two resources both the interest targeting resource and the negative keyword Resource as well. Okay, so let's go in and add our negative keywords and we'll get these campaigns live. So let's start with the first one tennis lessons. So we're gonna go up here to tennis lessons and under negative keywords here. This is we're going to where we're going to add in our negative keywords.

So we're gonna add our first batch, which is the word free and our keywords from the other AD groups. I was gonna go here add a negative keywords. and click here click save And you can use the the other ones here as well. If you want to now for the purpose of this example, I'm not going to I just want to show you how you could actually do it, which you would just copy these and you would just go in here and hit paste. But you know, it's just as simple as that now free is already in there.

So you wouldn't need it. Now you just hit there and you would hit save now for the purpose of this. I'm just not going to do it. I just want to show you how you could do that now for tennis training the ones we're going to be adding in our I had them here on my other screen. So I'm just going to go in and go here.

and hit save under tennis course The negative keywords we're going to be using I'm just in case you're not familiar what it means by negative keywords is that if a negative keyword is in the search term your ad won't show it's as simple as that. A negative keywords are really good way of eliminating wasted Search terms. Now when you're doing C keywords like this like this strategy is showing you here the negative keywords you need to use you don't need to use as many as if you were using like broad searches and Broad searches is going to be lots of different negative keywords, but when you're using and see keywords that are both exact match and phrase match the negative keywords that you use can be limited because you're being very specific with the type of searches. Then for ad group 4 which is tennis coach. our list of negative keywords are here at these in Oh.

stick click save and finally tennis tutorials. Add in our negative keywords. Okay. Now so what we've done with this campaign is we have one campaign. with five ad groups now each ad group.

In this instance is using the same ads now long term to get the best was results possible. You will be grouping keywords when you set expand these keywords into ad groups and in each ad would be specific to the keywords you're targeting. Okay. So now we have our five ad groups set up with all of our keyword phrases in there and over and are negative keywords and then we can go on about turning on or ads so so we can go from post to enabled the campaign will go into review so you can see here. It'll just go if I click in here to one of the ad groups.

It'll say eligible and if I click it over down here to add an extensions over here to ads you can see that it's going to be pending and under review. Now. What I want to do is I want to make sure we turn it off because I don't want it to go into review and I want to make sure it is off. So here we go. It is off here.

So it is pause. This is just an example and Google ads tutorial now once you have your actual ad campaign setup. How we measure our results is based on here. So say if you have because we're we're optimizing for the go back to our ad group level here. In terms of measuring results, once the campaign goes into review it can take roughly 24 hours to 48 hours to be approved.

And once it's approved you will start getting Impressions and hopefully start getting clicks and hopefully start getting conversions and everything else and how you can start measuring and looking at your ads dashboard when you come over here and go to your your ads at Google. So I'm just gonna go to ads.com google.com here and I'll bring you to the dashboard if I click sign in. The actual ads dashboard that what I call the ads cockpit will load and then how we get to obviously there's lots of information going on here and etc, etc. But in terms of to monitor the campaigns and actually see if your campaigns or both live and actually performing well, I always go over here today to the left hand side under campaigns and go campaigns home. And then I like to choose to type a campaign whatever campaign and running.

Obviously. We have a YouTube campaign at the minister just on a low budget just promoting a video and I'll do a video in the future about how we promote our YouTube videos as well with ads if you want to let me know in the comments but the campaign we just set up here is YT test Search keywords tennis blah blah here. So I'm gonna click into this. So anytime you click into this that the left hand side changes specific to whatever you've clicked into. So I'm just gonna pause or enable this again.

Now if we want to see how things are performing in terms of the conversions that we've that we're optimizing for you everything over here called segment and you have conversions and conversion action. So then I'll show you what type of conversions showed up and the type of conversions that were generated because you obviously you have you here all it's shown here under this section is clicks Impressions clicker rate average cost per click cost and conversion rate. That's not going to tell you a lot of data so you can modify your columns and we have one here that's under conversions so we can see it gives us a little bit more data. So gives us our Target CPA if we had one the amount of conversions that we generated the cost per Tech conversion the cost overall the amount of clicks that we got the average cost per click or conversion rate conversion value conversion conversion value to cost and all conversions. So if you hover over each one of these it'll give you an explanation of exactly what that is.

Now what I want to show you is how you can add in extra columns. So if you go under columns you can hit modify columns. And you can add in specific one. So like underperformance you can add in clicks cost Impressions. Click your rate interactions interaction rays and Impressions related to the top and Impressions related to the top impression rate and so on and support on the conversions, you have conversion rate conversion value, there's lots of different ones here.

Typically what we use and across all of our campaigns out slightly different depending on whether we're using a search campaign a YouTube campaign a display campaign and a say retargeting campaign or so on and support do sometimes we use specific ones. But typically the ones that we use our clicks cost Impressions. Click to rate average cost per click conversion rate conversion value conversion value for cost. Roll conversions and do sometimes we use view truecap conversions and under attribute attribution or attributes area. We use tracking template to make sure that our tracking is set up as well.

And like I said in a future video I'll show you tracking but the main ones that we use our these ones specifically for search now when we're doing YouTube campaigns, we add in things like view rate and and so on and support number of views and view rate now this isn't relevant here because it's a search campaign and when I do a YouTube tutorial free, I will show you that as well. So it's good. According to hit Council here. But once you modify your columns, you can save so let's let's do an example here. So we'll say it clicks cost Impressions picture race and let me see conversion rate conversion rate value all conversions future conversions.

That's fine and Let me see attributes. We'll just do tracking template as well. So bring this up to the front. So we're gonna have impressions. clicks cast average cost per click So we can rearrange them just by dragging them here so we can see clicker rate cost average cost per click conversion rate.

It's going to call save your column set save it as JM and there we go. So then anytime you want to turn on your volume you have it down here your column sets JM. So if I wanted to switch I can switch between our columns as we see fit. So I'm just going to use this one because we have it set up the way we want. So we have our conversions cost per conversions Impressions clicks.

Click to rate cost average cost per click conversion rate conversion value conversion value break costs all conversions and future conversions. So if you're unsure what any of these mean you could just hover over the actual name of it future conversions as an example feature conversions are conversions that are recorded when it users view but doesn't interact with an ad and then goes on to later convert. These conversions are counted based on a period of time called a YouTube conversion window this metric automatically excludes conversions from people who have also interacted with any of your order ads. So that's pretty kind of covers the looking at the type of columns, which when you modify your columns and when it comes to setting up a search campaign, that's pretty much it the first the first tree to five days. You're just looking to get some data.

So don't worry about getting into making changes to the campaign. If you got your campaign set up correctly and you're gonna let let the campaign Run for the first three to five days get some data and then once you get some data, you can click into your um, you your actual ad group and under Search terms. It will show what terms were used to find your ads. What are what terms were used to trigger your ads showing in the search results and there this is where you'll start to make some decisions about the campaign and I'll do a future video about analyzing a an existing campaign and digging into results. Obviously, there's no results in this campaign so we can't dig in but in a future I will do a follow-up video on analyzing the results of a campaign and optimizing a campaign and so on and so forth.

If you like this Google ads tutorial and found a helpful. Do me a favor and hit the like button underneath this video. And also make sure you subscribe and hit the Bell. So you don't miss any of our future videos and like I mentioned if you want access to the list of targeting options available in Google ads simply subscribe to this Channel and leave a comment below and I'll send you access now. Be sure to check out.

My other videos will be sharing the latest tips tricks tutorials and strategies on all things advertising whether that's AdWords whether that's Google Display Network Facebook ads YouTube ads and even that new kid on the block tiktok ads. I'll add links to a couple of extra videos somewhere at the end of this video. Thanks again. We'll speak to you soon.
