---
title: "YTAdsMagic Workshop"
date: 2022-10-04
duration: 3h 0m
duration_seconds: 10824
vimeo_id: 756774788
folder: "YTAdsMagic"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# YTAdsMagic Workshop

**Date:** 2022-10-04 | **Duration:** 3h 0m | **Folder:** YTAdsMagic

---

Great. So like I mentioned that this Workshop is all geared around YouTube ads and or YouTube ads magic Frameworks, but not only creating ads but also structuring your campaigns optimizing those campaigns and scaling those campaigns with specifically to YouTube advertising in case you're not familiar with me. My name is John Murray. I'm the I'm running the E5 agency, which is Todd Brown's and sister company to marketing funnel automation. I've been running that agency.

I was Todd's director of marketing for two years over so millions and millions and AD spend profitably and before that. I was running my own consultancy business and digital marketing business and and info businesses where I've published many books that worked with the likes of Dan Kennedy GTA see basically to who's who I don't want to spend too much talking about myself. I want to get straight into the nitty gritty and what we're going to be covering just to kick things off with some housekeeping. Um this training this Workshop is basically split into to four key areas first. I want to talk about the context because without context like the content isn't as relevant to you won't be able to get the results that I want you to be able to get from from what we're going to be sharing today.

So I'm going to be sharing a little bit of context and then we're going to be going into creative. So how to actually create your YouTube ads and 30 minutes or less that are designed to do wanting and wanting only get leads or if you're driving for sales get sales. Like that's the bottom line. I'm sure or framework or four part up the intention framework for creating Those ads and getting them done quickly. Now, I'm not saying you're gonna get to don't 30 minutes immediately.

But once you start using this framework, you'll be able to knock you knock out YouTube ads and get them live quickly within 30 minutes or less then part number three, we're gonna be talking about campaign structure. So how to actually structure campaigns. So you're allowing yourself or giving yourself the best chance for success in terms of you know, in terms of like click your rates in terms of Cpcs in terms of CPAs and so on and support and then finally we're going to be talking about campaign setup how to actually go about setting up your campaigns now with this workshop and whether you're aware or not, there are a lot of bonuses that are going to be coming along with the recording. So again, not immediately obviously after I do the workshop today and tomorrow I'm gonna have to there's gonna be our team is gonna be editing together and so on and so forth, but once we've released a recordings, we're also going to be releasing in number of bonuses along with them and somebody bonuses. I'll be announcing throughout this presentation.

So keep an eye out for those and under there will be some extra bonuses where I think that they're going to help you actually Get get results and get started and get implementing as quickly as possible. For example, one of the areas that we're not going to be covering today in the campaign setup or the campaign structure is actually setting up your conversion events, but I'm going to be giving you a training that walks you through step by step how to actually set up your conversion events because it's really Ground Zero when it comes to YouTube ads or Google ads or any advertising for that matter is ensuring that your events are set up to correctly because if you Google or Facebook if you were running Facebook or YouTube doesn't know what to optimize for it's very difficult for them to get the results. So I'm going to be welcome gonna be giving you a one of the most trainings is going to be how you can set up your conversion events correctly using Google either hard coding them into your pages or using Google tag manager. I'm going to be showing you both. So that's one bonus.

You're gonna be getting one final thing. I just want to mention in terms of we have a lot to cover and as we're going through this you're probably going to have a lot of questions and rather than Answer questions as they're coming in. I'm going to answer any questions at the very very end and that will allow because chances are any questions you come up with. I'll probably end up covering them at some stage in the workshop itself. So we'll keep questions at a very very end.

That way we can have a nice Q&amp;A section at the end as well. So here's a little kind of overview what we're going to be covering today. So we're gonna begin with why most marketers fail with YouTube advertising then we're gonna go in straight into our framework for creating YouTube ads and then we're gonna talk about setting up and structuring your campaigns. Then we're gonna I'm gonna show you how you can actually optimize and I identify button next to Sarah optimizing your campaigns how you can start profitably scaling your campaigns with YouTube ads. And then we're also going to be throughout the presentation.

There's also going to be some quick tactical hacks that you can apply in your business or into your offers or into your advertising today. So like I kind of alluded to that content without context is pretty much useless because I could just give you the content. But if I don't give you the context behind the content, you won't fully understand it. You won't fully grasp it. And what I want to do is I want to give a little bit of context of why not only why so many people have struggled with their with their advertising in general or with their marketing in general.

But also why YouTube advertising and it particular type of YouTube advertising that we do and that I want to show you today is so powerful that if I just give you the Frameworks and I just walked you through how to create a YouTube and how to set up YouTube campaigns. You wouldn't fully understand and mechanisms before behind it. So I want to share to context first because once you get to context to content will be that much more cemented into your into your like it's your brain and into your learning and you'll be able to implement it that much quicker. So let's start with some context. So the first bit of context I want to start with is why most marketers fail wait YouTube ads and there's a number of reasons.

There's one huge reason. Shall be covering it in a couple of moments, but there's a number of I'm kind of typical reasons where why most marketers most businesses most online course creators most Ecom businesses or whatever the case may be struggle with the likes of YouTube ads. First of all, it's because they're in their comfort zone with Facebook and they're not prepared to get uncomfortable with YouTube. Like the bottom line is over the last few years. Facebook has been the Behemoth when it comes to online advertising.

It's been the one that's been you know, like initially it was like Google search ads and dimple Facebook just became the Behemoth and over if over the last few years. It's just been that the big big guy in the playing ball. And the reality is a lot of people have gotten comfortable and setting up Facebook ads they've gotten comfortable in in setting up Facebook campaigns. I've got uncomfortable in creating Facebook creatives and reality is YouTube is a different different Beast, which leads me to the next reason why most people fail and that's that they're trying to use The exact same funnel the exact same creatives and the exact same amount objectives on Facebook. On YouTube.

So whatever they're using on Facebook, you're trying to use exact same things on YouTube. And the reality is they are too different things and two, they're two different beasts. They're two different platforms and they have two two different levels of complexities that need to be that need to be taken into account. If you want to really scale if you want to really start generating the results that you want to generate on YouTube ads. So like that state that's the second reason.

The next one is that they make emotional decisions instead of economic data driven decisions. And this isn't just in particular YouTube ads. That's actually across the board. I mean how many times have you set up a campaign on Facebook and it would in two hours of it going live if it's not getting your results you're in there making changes or after a day if you're click. Your rate is a little bit lower your lead classes too high you're in there making changes and you're making knee jerk reactions and stuff like that and the reality is These things take time and we need to make our decisions not based on emotionable based on the data.

But in order to get the data, we have to give the platforms sufficient time to actually start to generate that data. And the reality is in most campaigns or campaigns are going to be at their worst at the very very beginning and this is particularly true with the likes of YouTube as we're going to find as we dive in a little bit later on but if we start making emotional decisions just because we want to get more leads or just because we want to make more sales and we start going in there tinkering. It's not going to help us get the results we want because we're not making those results Based on data. We're making them based on emotions, and that's a big big normal. So next is that to give to up too early.

The reality is especially in today's noisy noisy distracted economy. Like the reality is or potential customers or potential leads or potential target market. They're jaded with ads they're jaded. They're bombarded left right and center with ads coming at them for all sorts of things. Not just the thing that you're advertising and just because you're you may be advertising your coaching program or your your book or your course or whatever the cases.

There may order people to maybe other advertisers advertising those things as well. But the bottom line is that your Market has been bombarded with advertisements for absolutely everything from from two Pace to cars to clean an equipment to close to your offers to other offers and so on and support so It's not an easy thing to do is absolutely doable. But so many people give up too early and I don't want you to be giving up too early either. And then finally they try and do it all together to try and do by trying to Facebook and Twitter and tiktok and YouTube and Instagram all of them together to get going on top of all the organic stuff. They're doing on top of all the email marketing that to do and on top of everything else.

And the reality is you cannot do it all together. You cannot manage all of those things unless you have a huge budget and yes, you have a huge team and I'm guessing for the majority of people on this Workshop today that that's not the case. So we need to be smarter about how we allocate our time. We need to be smarter about how we allocate or resources. So third to kind of surface level ones but there's a huge huge reason why so many people fail what YouTube ads and it's because of something that I call the hierarchy of media buying profit.

So in the hierarchy of meaty by media buying profit, we have your market. So your Market is whoever your target market is, whoever you're most ideal clients are whoever you're most ideal customers are and within your Market is Your you and everything got to do with your business, but your business is made up of certain things and when it comes to Media buying we have a hierarchy of profit to determines. How successful or how unsuccessful we will be in our media buying campaigns and the most important part of that is not actually media blind. It's not actually your campaigns the most important part of that before we ever set up an ad before we ever set up a campaign before we ever publish anything to go live to start generating leads and sales the most important part of that is your offer and the economics behind your offer and I'll be speaking a little bit about this in a moment. But if you're like no matter no amount of traffic can fix a poor offer or poor economics and I'll be speaking about both offer an economics in a moment, but there's just want to start thinking that you can send all the traffic if you want, but if you're sending them to A poorly converting offer or funnel that's not optimize or an offer.

That's null that's no longer desirable in the marketplace doesn't matter how much traffic you send doesn't matter how much your traffic is costing. You just don't know how matter how how great your click through rates are it's just not going to work because you're offering your economics have not been dialed in so for favor before you ever do anything else you're offering economics need to be dialed in next after that is creative these days like I mentioned attention spans people are people are being bombarded lift, right and Center people are distracted left right and center with everything that's been going on in the world the last couple years whatever things that's probably gonna be going on in the next couple years, whatever everything that's going on. Creative is so so important because we have to be able to Garner attention. I'll be speaking a little bit about this when we dive into the creative section, but one of the core components of our creative is that Interruption stage interrupting people getting people out of whatever they're doing so they can pay attention to us. And if once we have our offer and our economic styled in the next component is creative and I'm going to be sharing our framework.

For creating those YouTube ads that just convert like crazy. And then once we have our offer economics and creative the next component in is our campaign structure. And then after this is basically how we set up our campaigns how we structure our campaigns the things that we include in our campaigns the things that we don't include our campaigns the little nuances to how we structure campaigns based on targeting based on demographics based on everything that we're going to be covering in in a later part of this Workshop, but that's the third most important part. And then finally it's the actual portion of the buttons the actual media buying they're actually doing what we're going to be sharing in terms of want your campaign goes live and everything else, but the reality is The first two components is what makes you money. but so many people focus on this part like it's the reality is where you're going to be making money from your paid advertising from your media buying is in your offering the economics of your offer and in your creatives, but so many people focus on their campaign structure or to focus on the media mind and the portion of the buttons and setting up the campaigns and it would things don't go right to blame the campaign structure and maybe yes, a lot of times campaign structure is not optimize but then to blame.

Oh, I've set up the ads and didn't work. Oh these I've I was running Facebook ads. I was running YouTube ads and I didn't get any results and they're blaming the actual media that they're using or the medium that you're using versus actually looking at what actually makes you money and what actually makes you money is your offer and the economics of your offer and then to creative to get attention on that offer and it's not the campaign Strokes. You're a media buying that that is holding you back right now. I would if if you're struggling right now in terms of the amount of volume of sales the volume of customers the volume of leads you want to I take a first look at your offering economics and then secondly at your creatives before you start looking at campaign structure and everything else.

so In Canada summarize that 80% of your time should be spent here. No obviously offer an economics is not our main focus today. Our main focus today is and in the actual YouTube ads and the creative side of things the campaign structure side of things and in the media Blind Side of Things, I am going to share in a moment. I'm eight of our Essentials for a high converting offer. But what I'm also going to do and I do have to double-check retard, but I'm pretty sure he's going to be okay with it.

I'm going to pull out to absolutely incredible trainings from Todd on structuring. Insanely powerful High converting offers and I'm going to include them in this Workshop as a bonus. Now. I have to cover a Witter but like I said, I'm sure he'll be fine with it. Well, hopefully he'll be five minutes, but I want to to I want you to to be not let your poor offer or poor economics let down the rest of your YouTube ad campaigns.

So I'm going to give you this bonus training probably too bonus trainings on setting up amazing High converting double digit offers. But like to give you a little bit of a tidbit, we have eight Essentials to a high converting offer and these These Are A components that each and every offer should have now not all offers can have all eight, but we highly recommend you include as many of these eight things in your offers as possible. The first one is that your offer is quick and easy to implement. The second one is it that it produces fast results. The third one is that it's viewed as new and different the fourth one is at a superior to all order offers similar to it in your space.

The fifth one is it solves a significant problem or own fulfilled desire? The sixth one is it can be positioned as done for you or at least a portion of it can be positioned as done for you. The seventh one gives it gives prospects confidence and hope that they can achieve the result that they want to achieve and eight which is arguably the most important one in today's climate with Rising cpcs with writing Rising ad costs and and everything else in between is it has a natural alignment to an exciting upsell and this is so and so important especially if it's a front end offer funnel that you're running. So to give a quick for anybody who's a little bit unsure we have front-end marketing and we have backend marketing front-end marketing is all about customer acquisition or maybe lead acquisition, but generally speaking customer acquisition and back in marketing is all about customer monetization and lifetime value and if you're running front end offers Your initial offer these days more so than and than ever before needs to have a natural alignment to an exciting upsell. So like I mentioned we can't dive too much into offer here.

I'm going to get some a couple of bonus trainings free on structuring offers and creating offers and it'll just help you just help elevate your offers. So your YouTube ads will be that much more powerful when you start wanting them. So now what I want to talk about is something called fundamentals versus mechanics because You meet you may likely have been running on Facebook at some which some stage before you may likely have run Facebook ads. You may have got your whether you've got your account shut down or your CPAs are too high or you you're struggling with all these new events like the aggregated event measurements and everything else. But the reality is the fundamentals of Facebook and YouTube are very different.

At the sorry the fundamentals of YouTube and and Facebook are the same but the mechanics of running on them are very very different. So say for example, like I mentioned the fundamental of running profitable media campaigns are the exact same but the mechanics on running on Facebook and YouTube are very very different. There are two completely different beasts and they cannot be treated the same. It's kind of like Forex Trading versus small cap trading if you went out there and you're say for example, you were a Forex Trader and you were trading Forex. And then you take someone else say person B who trades small cap trading the fundamentals of trading are pretty much the same in both scenarios, but a Forex Trader trades completely differently than a small cap Trader.

There's different did have different ways of choosing stocks. They'd have different way of choosing what trade and whatnot trade obviously affects your trading currencies and everything else that have different ways of finding their entries that are different ways of reading the candlesticks. They have a different and levels of risk different and position sizes and everything else. Well, the fundamentals of trading are the same mechanics of and the execution of how to go about doing it are very very different and when it comes to Facebook and YouTube It's the exact same process and there are two the biggest thing with Facebook and YouTube is there two completely different animals. And if you this is something to write down that people go to Facebook to switch off and people go to YouTube to switch on and I'll be talking about this a little bit later on but if you remember, Nothing else from this earlier part of this concept context part of this Workshop is just to remember that when people go to Facebook, they're there to switch off and our ads have to do a certain thing to to get them to pay attention to us.

But on YouTube they go there to they go there to learn they go there to to be entertained and I'm not saying you need to become an Entertainer, but from a learning point of view. That's that's the component we're going to be tapping into it or ads as well as well as we'll be discussing a little bit later on but the bottom line is that when people are on YouTube, they're switched on their dare to learn their dirty to to get some information whereas on Facebook. They're just mindly scrolling and they're looking for that dopamine Haze and everything else, but it's two different different ball games and they need to be different treated difficult differently. So does five core differences between Facebook and YouTube. The first is Facebook can typically be easier to launch that was up until the holiday mess with the iOS 14 changes and everything else and all the new and event measurement tools and aggregated events measurement and all that kind of stuff.

It's become a lot lot harder to get going and if specifically if from a tech point of view, you haven't everything got in place and but typically Facebook can be a lot harder to scale than YouTube compliance is a huge huge issue with Facebook. I mean, I guess people could stick their hands up in the Q&amp;A section if they've ever had an account shut down or account restricted or a number of ads rejecters and it's compliance. It's just a huge huge issue on on Facebook and it's not going away. And Facebook has creative hungry. You have to constantly feed the beast on Creative.

You're constantly come have to come up with new creatives creatives can get jaded. So so fast you have to you know, there's so many different placements to tap into and we can't use our best practices not to use the same ad for all across all across placements. So but then we need to create ads for news feeds ads for right-hand columns ads for stories ads for videos images and so on and support and it's just a creative hungry hungry beast. And finally there's a wide variety of placements but ads are easy to ignore and then YouTube on your hand typically can take a little bit longer to get results. But once we once you follow our process you can dial in those results a lot quicker scaling can be a lot easier.

I don't want to say it at scaling is is just a case of increasing your budget. But sometimes it's just a case of increasing your budget now, there's vertical scaling and there's horizontal scaling which will be talking about later on but the A lot easier to scale on you Youtube as it is on Facebook compliance is not an issue, you know mostly on YouTube we can pretty much say what we want to say and compliance has been used to be today's the anti got to do with Google was compliance heavy. Those days are long and as long as we're not selling anything illegal as now as long as we're not doing anything illegal or Shady we can pretty much get away with what we want on YouTube which is absolutely huge and that in itself gives us a huge opportunity to tap into creatives on YouTube can go along long long way and they can last a lot longer than on Facebook, especially when we have our creative styled in like for one of our clients now, he's in the financial space and we've been dialing in is as at around five to six to cut five to six dollar cost per lead. Sometimes even four dollar cost per lead which in the financial space is pretty crazy. We've been doing with that one creator for the past six months or so.

Imagine just running one creative on Facebook. You're probably burned that creative of after a week. We've been running this for about six months or so and it we've had no sign of downturn and our clitor rates or our view rates and know and our costs believe we've had like a Fluctuation, but nothing to suggest that the creative has is burning out. It's still doing absolutely amazing. And this client is in a super super highly competitive Financial space and it's getting so much mileage.

That would just wouldn't just happen on Facebook. No way. And the next the last thing is that there's less claim is but more attention. Let's please placement. Sorry, but more attention on YouTube.

Typically where we would run is our skippable in stream ads. Now there have other formats as well and we have Discovery ads and and in feed ads and everything else, but typically we're going to be running our ads is skippable in stream. So we have we have only wanting to focus on in terms of our ads and that ad can get us a lot a lot of attention something else. I want to mention. Is that like Google Google is everywhere you probably noticed.

You probably have a Gmail account. You probably have a Google Drive and I Google Drive account you probably have a you know a YouTube account or a YouTube channel you like you probably have a lot of everything and the reality is Google is everywhere and Google knows absolutely everything and according to W3 tick tick 54.8% of all websites have Google analytics installed and even if you don't personally have it installed on your site to sites that you use every day to run your business do they all have it installed so things like active campaign Infusionsoft click funnels character kajabi all of these tools that you likely use slack Zoom all of these things. They all have Google analytics installed. And this is a this is very very good news because this allows you to tap into Data in so many and some sneaky ways, which we'll be talking about later on because what Google has done Google has just become a data behemoth. And up until a couple of years ago.

Google was keeping that data for themselves, but now Google have opened up that data to us advertisers to be able to tap into so Google knows absolutely everything and it's just given us to keys that evolve to say here. Here's everything. We know about your customers about your target market. have others and we can tap into this data in as much detail or as little detail as we want and we're going to be diving into how we can do that in a few moments. So the bottom line is that having all of this.

Is absolutely huge and it presents. Us with a huge opportunity from a YouTube point of view, but also from a Google point of view which will be discuss some briefly in a few a little bit later on and it Workshop as well. But we have a huge opportunity because when someone is when someone is on YouTube ads when you're running YouTube ads your prospects are doing something. Like there's two macro points at play when it comes to YouTube ads. If you go to YouTube and you start typing into YouTube.

There's two points are played at we can really tap into. Who they are? and what they watch I want you to think about it like a Venn diagram. So we have one Circle over here and we have one Circle over here and we have an area opportunity in the middle and that area opportunity has evolved over the last couple of years. So there was a train at all over the last couple of years of how to leverage this information and that information is changed based on what we've seen over the last.

18 to 12 12 to 18 months we like with this information is really changed but essentially to still a massive opportunity based on who someone is and what they're watching on YouTube because this is where our opportunity is. So say for example, this is who they are someone who plays tennis and what they're watching. They're watching tennis videos now on the wrong they are totally different things and on their own they have fantastic opportunities for targeting but when we blend them together, we get an arguably even bigger opportunity. Now, this isn't always the case sometimes focusing on one of the diagrams one of the areas on their own can produce bigger results when we get to campaign structure. I'll be walking you through our five campaigns that we typically typically use more often than not to find Our Winning audiences to find or winning combinations and to find that the leads and the sales that we want, but I want you to think about it just like a Venn diagram for now.

Think of someone who plays tennis and a person who is watching a tennis right now. So imagine I'm a tennis player for example, and I play tennis and I go to YouTube and I start watching tennis videos. So in that if we take a step back and just think about what's actually going on we have a tennis player watching tennis videos on YouTube. That's extremely extremely targeted. Now.

What's also targeted is that if we have a tennis player, watching videos on YouTube And what's also very targeted is if we have someone watching tennis videos on YouTube that maybe thinking about becoming a tennis player. So we have a lot of variables that if you don't quite understand what I'm where I'm getting out here. Don't worry. It's all gonna come together and just like I said, we have to give you context first, but I'm going to give you a couple more examples. So we imagine you're selling a supplement and it's a supplement specifically to help entrepreneurs and business owners perform better.

So imagine that the scenario of who the air is you're a business owner who's watching new Tropic videos right now or who's watching videos on who's maybe watching The Who yeah, the human Labs podcast on on hormone optimization and nutrition and everything else. You know, it's really a great podcast, by the way, if if I'm if you haven't ever watched a human Labs podcast definitely check it out. And if let's say another example if you're a truck in SE SUV enthusiasts and you're watching truck review videos on YouTube, very very targeted. Like how targeted is that? Can you get more targeted in that?

I don't think you can and based on the data that we've ran in millions and millions in YouTube ads. This is extremely extremely Target. This gives you a huge huge opportunity but to break it down what's going on. Is that who the air and what they watch when we combine that together is like someone who goes on tennis websites someone who's look who looks up tennis keywords. Someone who watch Tennis videos in the past someone who's both tennis equipment someone who goes to Chance the courts, like I mentioned Google analytics is owned by Google obviously and Google on YouTube.

So if you're in Google maps and you're searching for nearest tennis court to me, you're someone who goes to tennis courts or someone who's looking for tennis courts, if you're someone who is looking to get tennis lessons and you search tennis lessons. You're someone who's searching tennis lessons. Now, if you combine that portion of our target market we're up with someone who's in there watching tennis videos. That's just super super targeted and a force a huge opportunity that we just can't get with the likes of Facebook. We just can't get With the likes of of tiktok and everything else because we're using Google's.

Multi multi-billion even trillion dollar Ai and they've just opened the doors to give it to us and it gives us a huge huge opportunity and when we break this down and I'll be going into more detail in this in a second. the type of audiences that we have which is basically who they are and the type of things after watching is basically comes down to things like keywords channels topics and placements. There's lots of different ones that we can tap into there's ones like Affinity in Market audiences customer Affinity audiences custom URL Affinity audiences custom intent audiences and app Affinity audiences. Then we have like specific keywords broad keywords channels competitor keywords topics and placements now, don't worry. I'm going to go into more detail in each of these because remember I mentioned Google analytics well, They've actually done the hard work first and they've basically siphoned off all the data from millions and millions of sites to build audiences fertiles.

They've already went ahead and built audiences for us. They've built Affinity audiences, which is basically reaching People based on what they're passionate about and what their habits are and what their interests are. They've built in Market audiences which which is basically but by our audiences, you're probably heard the same before that a buyer is a buyer is a buyer. Well Google have already built by our audiences for us, which is allows you to reach People based on their reaches recent purchases or their purchase intent, which is absolutely huge. Imagine being able to go out there and have be able to Target people who have bought the exact thing that you're selling or who are in the market for the exact thing that you're selling.

That's absolutely huge. I mean you like that's Google giving you you the exact target market that you want on a silver platter absolutely huge huge. They've also built obviously detailed demographic audiences, which is allows you to tap into and reach users based on their long-term life facts things like their education their employment, obviously their age, they're you know, they're they're gender male and female and everything else in between. It allows you to tap into demographics in a way. That's really really powerful.

And you have to admit that this is pretty powerful. Right? But the reality is it's the tip of the iceberg because not only do they give you their audiences that they've built based on millions and millions of sites. They also allow you to go in and build your own data using whatever order millions of sites that they haven't actually Air Market and built for yourself yet now before we continue Let me know in the Q&amp;A section. If you'd like to full list of not only the Affinity audiences but the buyer intent audience is the purchase intent audiences the the in Market in Market audiences the The the demographics and everything else who would like the list of that well as part of this Workshop, I'm going to include this list in a Google.

It's in a Google sheet that you can download and have for its reference that you'll be able to use and leverage in your campaigns and I'll be showing you a little bit later on in this Workshop how you can actually leverage this but I'm gonna include it as a bonus because it's super super it's it's so powerful and so much so few people realize that you can you can access these lists, but these lists are actually inside Google and I'm gonna give you our audience directory which basically just details every single one of them and you'll be scrolling for a long time in this Google Sheets because there are so many in there. But before I detail how how you can get that that I'm that that list and it'll be coming with the window recordings are released and everything else in a few days. But there's five specific custom audiences that we always recommend that you create from the basically just to tap into Google's AI. The first one is a custom Affinity audience audience. So this is for people who have searched any specific terms on Google say for example, and we'll use the tennis example again, so imagine someone people are searching for tennis lessons or tennis equipment or tennis balls or improve tennis serve or improve backend in tennis.

If you're into tennis Niche you could create this custom Affinity audience and you can see on the screen here that Weekly Impressions is between 1 million and five million people so you could get one million a five million people just in this one audience our one million to five million impressions not people sorry and just in this one audience and that's that's a massive a massive amount of data. could tap into which your campaigns Secondly, you have custom intent audiences. So these are the buyer audiences people with people with any of these interests or purchase intentions tennis lessons tends tutorials tennis course tennis coaching. So when we're creating our custom intent audiences, we have to be a little bit a little bit smarter with the phrases that we use. So we want to use like, you know, marketing Services coaching programs books course online courses and stuff for that maybe like advertising courses or if you're selling guitar equipment guitar equipment or guitar lessons or whatever the case may be mortgages.

If you're selling mortgages or or leads done for you leads or whatever the case is whatever it is that you're selling. You can create custom intent audiences around it and Google will tell you how big of an audience is there the demographics of those audiences and the topics that these audiences are interested in so like this is so so powerful and it's it's absolutely huge but it gets even better because you can also create URL audiences People who browse websites similar to new can put in your website. You can put in your competitors website you can put in and parallel competitors websites you can put in Any websites that may be relevant you can put them in here and you can Target people who visit these types of websites. It's absolutely amazing. You cannot do this on Facebook.

You cannot do this on any other platform as far as I'm aware and if if you can please do let me know but this is absolutely huge and you can essentially build your own custom audiences and own look like audiences without having to install pixels on every single website in the world. This is like it's it's such a huge opportunity and not many people tap into this and this is again, this is all part of the context. I want to build up your desire and build up the like how why YouTube ads are so powerful before we get to the nitty gritty. I've actually creating them which we will be covering don't worry and we may actually I mean we're we're about pretty five minutes in or so, but I'm if we run over we run over and I'm happy to keep going I'll go as long as we need it today to make sure that you get the best experience possible and this Workshop just in case I have a lot more slides to go through and I want to Actually share my screen and go through actually setting up campaigns as well. So we have a lot to go through but I'm I hope you're enjoying it so far and we're just basically tip of the iceberg so far.

So the fourth audience that you can actually set up is what I call Super URL targeting. So this is basically you don't just do the URL but you do the the login for your competitors. If you're like say for example, let's say you wanted to Target to click funnels and the click funnels users. You wouldn't just check it clickfones.com or expert Secrets calm watching. My target is app dot clickfones.com.

So that's targeting the soap domain that people go to when they want to log into click funnels. So essentially what that's going to be is you're targeting people who are logging into click forms therefore to have a click funnels account. So if you wanted to go after the click funnels crowd, you could use that you could do the exact same thing for MailChimp the exact same thing for Infusionsoft. At the exact same thing for for active campaign and character in kajabi and everything else and have them each in their own audience and you can be testing these audiences in your campaigns. Like I'll be showing you in a little bit while but this is so so powerful.

It gives you a huge opportunity. And for example, if you if there's a big competitor out there that has a big membership site that you know that your members are congregating in you can put in the membership site URL the login URL and Target those people specifically absolutely huge makeup opportunity. And very much untapped even now. And the fifth one is custom app Affinity audiences so we can Target people who have specific apps downloaded on their phone. Now this particular one is is limited to Android but Android have actually a bigger user based on Apple and say for example in the tennis space we can Target people who have any and all of these tennis apps installed if they have a tennis app installed on the phone and chances are there interested in tennis.

So if we had a tennis offer, it'd be a very very good audience to match up to shore tennis off for two right absolutely huge and hopefully you're only standing that it's like I said, it's Uber Uber powerful and you can probably understand why I'm so excited about YouTube ads and so excited by the opportunity today afford you and the amount of data to Google have just opened up so many people while there may be aware of and it may have heard in the past and so much you're perform. They're just not happening into like if you've heard this are you actually tapping into it. Are you actually leveraging it the way it should be leverage? Are you actually utilizing it the way it should be utilize are you actually implementing the way it should be implemented? And if you're not let this be a reminder that this be the thing just told you back into doing what you know, you should be doing so you can get the results you want to be getting And so just to kind of do a quick recap we have components that make up or targeting Options under who the air site or even affinities in Market audiences customer Affinity customer intend customer URL custom app Affinity.

That's all who they are. And then we have the other side is basically what what they're watching because what we want to do is when we have our audiences we want to layer that over with the water what they're watching is probably not the best term is like what they're doing and and what they're interested in is kind of like the better term to use but it's it's exact same team, but we're gonna layer over our audiences on top of the following what they watch options. So we have specific keywords broad keywords YouTube channel keywords competitor keywords topics and placements and what I mean by this is if you were to do if you were to do some keyword research, let's say you were to plug in and you were doing research on tennis and just find anybody who does any kind of keyword research one tool that we recommend is the keyword tool that I owe to it is a fantastic tool. It's a paid tool but it is really really strong and but the reality is that the Google Google's Keyword Planner is just as strong. It doesn't give you as much data.

They went a little bit more detail on the date and everything else. But the free Google Keyword Planner tool is amazing as well. But once we so once we got our audiences, we need to start doing a little bit of research into the other side of the coin in terms of what they're actually doing in terms of like keywords topics and placements like everything else like everything I mentioned. So what this boils down to is that their act we're actively going to be reaching people watching specific videos on YouTube. So if we look at some specific keywords as an example some specific keywords will be how to improve tennis serve how to play tennis for beginners tennis tips for serving tennis backhand.

some broad keywords would be My must not work with some reason would be tennis tennis ball tennis lessons US Open tennis news Roger Federer, etc, etc. Etc. Now just to give you a little bit kind of a peak ahead of the type of campaigns. We'd be setting up about six to 12 months ago. We would have been saying split out your specific keywords and your broad keywords into different campaigns.

Now what we like to do with split to have them in the same campaign because and maybe like split out keywords into ad groups more certain anything else, but I'll be covering that a little bit later on when we get to the campaign setup, but I'm specifically words and Broad keywords. Like they're they a lot of times they will be your bread and butter campaigns because if you're offer can't convert when people are searching very specific things into into YouTube and related to your offer. If you can't make it worked in it's a it's usually a lot more it's it's really a lot more difficult to make it work when when you're just generally targeting the audiences and again, I'll be covering this and the campaign set. Side of things so don't worry too much about it. Now again, we're just in the content context section.

So the next one is YouTube channel keywords. So this isn't targeting YouTube channels. This is targeting when people are searching into YouTube US Open tennis Championship Channel or tennis analysis Channel or Roland Garros Channel or play your court Channel. They're searching for these channels. They're not actually visiting their channels dirty actual placements, which will be talking about in a second.

So then like we have competitor keywords and their challenges as well. So we have like someone might search Top Court someone might search topcourt.com. Someone might search tennis gate or tennis gay.com and someone else support. We also have like indirect competitors. So say, for example, you're a tennis coach.

I'm selling tennis lessons and indirect competitor will be tennis e-commerce stores or tennis courts or tennis memberships. So they're not direct competitors, but they're they're still competitors in so forth that they're setting to the same people that you will be selling to We then also have topics so basically topics are our groupings of content and groupings of interests kind of group together into into very different topics that we can Target in YouTube. And again, I'll be showing you how of all it is when we get to the campaign set up in case you're a little bit unsure or in case you're like, okay. Well this sounds amazing. But how do we actually put it together?

Don't worry we're going to be putting it together and we're gonna be covering all of that and then we have placements placements is the actual YouTube channels that we're advertising on our specific YouTube videos that we're advertising on and when YouTube ads first started getting popular the big thing was oh you can put your ad on your competitors YouTube channel. Oh, you can put your ad and your competitors video and that's fine. That's great. Yes, you can and we still recommend you do that, but it's the bottom. Of the opportunity list when it comes to YouTube ads everything else I've covered is the top of the opportunity list doing placements is no longer the highest priority.

It's the lowest hanging fruit, but there's not a lot of mileage to get out of them. Like there's not a lot of mileage that we can get and we can get a lot more mileage using the other audiences and keyword combinations that we've covered. So to kind of recap this alternative to to kind of like conclude in this portion of the workshop. We have to who the air section and we'll have we have to what they watch. So again, we have already auditions on one side and all of the the actions on the other side.

So things like keywords and everything else. So what I want to do with this stage is just to do a quick recap and actually take a drink because otherwise my voice will be gone before we ever get to finish. So quick recap on everything we've covered so far. We've covered why most failware YouTube ads, we've covered the hierarchy of profit which hopefully was eye-opening for you because it's something so profound and something that people may have discussed in some way shape or form in the past, but it's absolutely critical and will remain critical to the success or failure of your campaigns in the future. We covered quickly the Aid off for Essentials.

And like I mentioned we're going to be including to offer bonuses as well as part of this Workshop. We covered in detail to who what opportunity we call Google covered Google's ready-made audiences and I'll be sharing that audiences directly with you as well as part of this Workshop. We've covered the huge opportunity or hopefully you're starting to realize the huge opportunity that this affords you so now you have the context. Now I want to get into the actual nitty-gritty of the doing stuff because you have all the context now you realize why it's so powerful and hopefully you're excited to get going and you like you you're you're you. You understand the power that afford, you know, and you can understand the massive opportunity at YouTube has over the likes of Facebook over the likes of tiktok.

Who's the new kid on the Block and like look tiktok. Right now for a lot of the markets that we operate in as an agency. A lot of our clients aren't a good fit for tiktok right now tiktok right now is very much in the broad Market space and ecomm space and everything else. If you're kind of a defined market and everything else. It's in my mind is not it's not right yet.

There's a lot of audiences on tiktok, but still very very limited. But YouTube is absolutely huge huge. Google is absolutely huge and and they're not going to be going anywhere anytime soon and I implore you to to take on all of that context heading into this section here because it's only gonna help you get better. It's only gonna help you. Implement better and learn better and everything else.

So what we've covered is basically The offer well, we've talked about offering economics and we've talked about the context. But what I want to specifically focus on now is the creative side of things when it comes to YouTube because like I mentioned after your offer and off after the economics of your offer you're creative as it is the most important part of it and this creative section is is critical to the success of YouTube campaign. So we're going to be going deep into creative and we're going to be going deep into actually creating our YouTube ads and covering the ins and outs of how to create them from start to finish from mapping the mouth from scripting from shooting to editing and everything else in between and we have a specific process that we use and I'm super excited to share with you and then after that we'll be going into campaign structure and going to set up and then everything else. So when it comes to creative there's something that I want you to remember and that is that people go to Facebook to switch off and people go to YouTube to switch on. And people go to YouTube to either be entertained.

or to learn Now, I'm not an Entertainer and I don't if you're an Entertainer and we have we have one of our clients and Kevin Rogers of copy Chief and well in his current business and copy Chief. He's not an Entertainer but he was an Entertainer. He was a standard comedian. So he is very entertaining. He is hilarious.

He's a member of our Mastermind as well the top one Mastermind and he is very very entertaining. I'm not entertaining. Hopefully you're being entertained and you're enjoying this content, but I'm I don't consider myself funny. I don't consider myself. Very good at telling jokes right like that.

And when we create YouTube ads for ourselves or for our clients, we're not expecting you to go there and start entertaining people, but we can tap into the other side of the coin when it comes to YouTube. And that is that the fact that they go there to learn and that's how we structure. Our YouTube ads are completely different to how we structure our Facebook ads because again, Facebook, you're go there to switch off YouTube you go to switch on and we have a process which I'm going to be diving deep into for creating YouTube ads which are essentially our YouTube ads blocks or opt-in tension YouTube as blocks and basically opt-in up the intent essentially means we're optimizing at every stage of our ads and every stage of our funnels and every stage of our offers to optimize the intention that we want people to take and that starts at the very very top like we discussed with the offer and economics and then it continues with our creative and then it continues even further with our campaign structure. And then when it continues at the bottom of that hierarchy of profit with the actual media buying portion of the buttons and everything else, but our our ad blocks are made up of four components, we have interrupt engage educate and offer and these four components form the backbone of every YouTube ad that we create our interrupt stage and I'll be going into more detail in each of these stages in a moment but are interrupt stage is all about the hook. It's all about getting the attention.

It's all about throwing your hook out there and grabbing that fish as quickly as possible not sitting there all day waiting for the fish to come along but we're setting Our intention with our Interruption stage to get that fish hooked as quickly as possible because we have a limited window to hope to win. The next stage is all about engaging but engaging the right way not just engaging with wishy-washy content engaging in a way to build Authority but builds Authority around or expertise in relation to the problems that we solve for our target market not just talking about our our expertise related to X Y and Z and the fact that we've got x amount of degrees sitting on the wall and blah blah blah blah. That's great. And that was once powerful but these days and for the longest time people have only care about what's in it for me. What can you do for me?

So when we showcase or authority we do it in a way to showcases what we can do for our potential leads or potential clients or potential customers. And then the third stage is all about education. We're going to be either teaching in this portion or we're going to be demonstrating the value of our unique mechanism in this portion or if we have it demonstrated demonstrable product. Be demonstrating how the product works and everything else if we're doing more of an offer driven ad and again, I'll be covering this in a little bit more detail. And then the final portion is our offer section, which is talking about our call to action the details that will happen when people click or call to action and everything else in between.

So let's go through this in a little bit more detail. So our interrupt stage, like I said is all about our hook and this is typically the first 0 to 30 seconds of our campaign and remember that someone can skip or add after five seconds of or add starting to play in a skippable in-stream ad. But we only pay if someone watches 30 seconds or more of our ad so our hook we have we have like a 30 second window. The first five seconds of that window is crucially important, but the the after that we have up to 30 seconds to not only ensure that we Garner and interrupt our prospects and get their attention, but also that we eliminate our prospects that we don't want or eliminate or non prospects for is a better way of saying it And we want to only attract our ideal clients and customers' attention and because someone only pays if they watches 30 seconds or more, I'll be sharing a nice hack with you a little bit later on or one of our Pro tips that allow you to show your ads as money at times as possible. But ensure that you don't overly show it to people who have already viewed your ads.

I'd say it's a nice a nice hack that we use that allows us to get our ads into more and more people's and and Feeds and without actually showing it too many too many times that are people that have already seen it. But so that like the first component of this is interruptions. It's all about Hooks and we have typically Five Hooks that we use which I'll be going into a little bit more detail in a couple of moments and sharing some examples of but typically we have five hooks that we use and and sometimes we use a six one which I'll be showing an example of as well. But typically we just use five and the goal of the hook is to do wanting a stick is to get their attention and get them to keep watching get them to keep watching and get them into the engage section. So then in the engage section what we're going to be doing and this disengage section is all about Authority.

It's all about letting know that person that they're listening to They should be listening to as it relates to the problem that they want to solve or as it relates to the unmet desire that they have. And in this section what we typically do and it's usually anywhere between 15 to 30 seconds Max. Typically, I like it less than 15 seconds because so many people can spend so much time talking about themselves except for example unrelated to YouTube ads. But have you ever been on a webinar where the person has spent the first 50 minutes talking about themselves didn't do 10 minutes of content and then another hour and a half a pitch that first 50 minutes was just wasted in all they were talking about is themselves and how great they are and all the things that David achieved and blah blah blah who cares right you care about what's in it for you and in the engage portion of our ad you want to introduce yourself in a way that That cements your Authority but does it in a way in specifically in relation to the problem you solve or the unmet desire that you provide? And I'll be showing you a couple of examples of these and in the bonuses as well.

Just as a quick heads up in the bonus and some extra bonuses. You're going to be getting you're going to be getting some examples of videos that our clients have been using that we've helped put together. We're also going to create a library of some other ones that are external to us that we didn't create but that we really really like and closely model or process. And where share some examples of example copy that you can use to implement in your scripts as well. So once you've introduced yourself in the first 15 seconds or so.

You have the option to include a call to action here. Sometimes it makes sense. A lot of times. It doesn't but sometimes it does actually make sense and I share an example of what this means in a second but then after the engage section after about typically I like about 15 seconds, but sometimes goes up to about 30 seconds depending if you have a little bit more information to unpack if you do that's great if you don't worry about it, but then we move into the ink to the educate section and the educate section can be anywhere from 30 seconds to two minutes. And this is the core of your video.

This is the longest part of your video and this part must be educational must be it must have an educational element and when I say educational I don't necessarily mean You need to teach them a very specific thing, but it needs to be educational in terms of they they have in aha moment. They have a shift in thinking they have a shift in perspective. Are you educate them on the second? There's two kind of core components we look at here one is you educating them around the problems that they have and the second one is educating them around your unique mechanism the unique way you do things and I'll be sharing an example of this in a moment. So don't worry, but essentially and we want to have some teaching elements there because again people go to YouTube to learn they want to go there to learn.

So when we have an ad that helps them learn it helps not only increased the view rate, which is the rate of the percentage the people watch our video but also increases the the kind of the knowledge and Trust which when they click on our ad that much more likely to follow true, does that commitment to consistency having been engaged with our ad and having gotten some benefit from our ad in the first place? I want to think about in this section for our clients when we're either helping them write these scripts or have to writing themselves or or for a coaching clients that we're helping write these scripts is that think about results in advance think about and this is something I think I'm Frank Curran coined a long time ago, like plot a to be a where your prospects are now be there like the holy grail for them what they would absolutely love. And then what you want to do is reverse back some different steps that they need to take along those lines. And then in your ads start to cover some of these initial steps. You don't have to cover getting them to the Holy Land.

You don't have to cover that at all. But what you can do is start to cover some of the initial steps start to give them a little bit of result a little bit of Hope and start to introduce what some problems of why their struggled with the first couple of steps and when we do that we start to build us like, oh, yeah, just this makes sense. This makes sense and they engage in what we give them their call to action through that much more likely to take it. And then the fourth component of our ads is our call to action and this is a basically our details and if we're running Legion ads which we typically highly recommend doing on YouTube. You can also run some purchase ads but running Legions ads is typically what we like to do and then have them convert to sale in our funnels and that's typically what we do.

If we are doing Legion, we'll tell them to download to register to sign up for whatever it is that we have and if it's offer focused. We don't oversell interact we because that's what our funnels were. That's what our sales Pages were. That's what our sales videos for. That's what our our lung form sales page or vsl or whatever we're using.

That's what that's first we don't need to overly sell in our ad what we can do is sell the click because we want them to actually click and an upshell that we can do here is actually show them what's going to happen when they click so say for example is like click the button just below here now and you can go to this page and register for the upcoming webinar when you click the button below you'll see a page that looks like this what you're gonna do is you're gonna click that big green button on the page a pop up is going to appear you can put in your details and hit register me now and you'll be registered for the upcoming webinar. And then what what we're doing on the screen at that time is showing the action of what's gonna happen when they're doing it. So it's not just telling them what to do. It's showing them what to do and that we found that that just reaffirms their desire to want to click and follow our true and we found that when we've included that in our ads versus when we have and included it Or opt-in rate or registration rate was increased. So I want to share some kind of get into get into the weeds a little bit more about our four-step process for creating ads before we actually start sharing some some examples.

So the interrupts like entity interrupt stage, which is all about our hook. And again, this is typically zero to 30 seconds long. The Five Hooks that we typically use and we do have a sixth like I mentioned I'll be sharing example of a 16 a couple of moments. But the Five Hooks that we typically use our towards pleasure as in what's their Paradise. Where are they trying to get to so it's towards pleasure.

The second one is away from pain. And a lot of markets away from pain is a lot more powerful than towards pleasure. Like people would prefer not to lose a thousand dollars than to pay to them to get a thousand dollars or but it's not always the case. So we use boat and sometimes we use them in combination of each other. So we might use towards pleasure and away from pain in the same hook.

Sometimes we can get it in. Sometimes we can't so hook number one towards pleasure book number two away from Pain. And again, I'll be showing you some examples of these the next one. We like to use for the logically minded or the day. They kind of statistically mind.

The people is some logic based or statistically based. Ads so that might be you know, did you know that 89% of a Forex Traders lose money within if within six months and quit within nine months, it's like logically based facts and that's that that example is kind of like a typical fact-based one. What we actually really like to use is Off the Wall facts facts that it definitely wouldn't have heard of before the get their attention and stop them in the tracks or or controversial facts that that are the better factual but they're very controversial and just the mere saying of saying the facts out loud in an ad grabs their attention those facts are fantastic ones to use and that logic those stats are fantastic ones to use the next one that we we see a few people using to high degrees of success, and we've used it to like one of our particular clients who's in Who's into trading space and has an an amazing offer and just just an incredible offer and has seen insane results on YouTube particularly lately is as the Director Focus. So when when we're on the screen and again, you'll you'll be able to understand this better when I actually share the screen ensure you some examples but it's directing your focus. So one word in the ad we're directing them to something we're pointing to something we're showing them something and they're focus is directed in on the thing that we're showing them and they can't help but engage because they're so because we've directed or focused rather than just kind of wishy washy talk and nefariously and everything else but we director focus.

It keeps their attention and that's exactly what we want. And then the last one is just getting straight to the action. This isn't something that's used a lot but we find that it works extremely well because it kind of like think of this one nearly like a a mini trailer for your ad like a five to ten to Fifteen second trailer for your actually ad so we take and essentially what we're doing is we're taking some of the the core components of our actual ad The Core teaching elements of our ad and we're just cutting back to the very very beginning we play it it sets the scene for ad and in our ad just starts like that. It works extremely well and have a really cool example to show you. So then when it comes to the authority stage, like I said, it's 15 to 30 seconds Max and what we're going to be doing here is like it or this is a perfect example of you and Authority building piece that can be certain like literally five to six seconds.

Hi. My name is Pete was Brazilian since 2001. I've helped over 10,000 people trade stocks properly using order flow stacking. So we're targeting people who want to trade stocks profitably who want to stop losing money trading stocks and start making money trading stocks and the authority to Pete's billing here is that he's been doing it for 20 odd years and he's helped over 10,000 people do it profitably and he's doing it in a unique way using something called order flow stacking which we'll be talking about in a moment and like the whole idea of the unique mechanism here of order for stacking. This is a like Todd has a whole two day workshop on order flows that are on unique mechanisms.

We don't have time to go into as much detail here as I would love to put the bottom line is that this five to 10 to 15 seconds Authority building pieces. All you need you don't need to spend spend two minutes talk about how fantastic you wear and all the different bells and whistles that you provide. Get to the point Authority building straight to the point. It's a small little engageable intro that's it. And then we move into the educate section.

And as educate section can be anywhere from 30 seconds to two minutes and generally speaking we go with two options. Here we go to either go into the problem problem solve solve solve angle always start talking about the unique mechanism is specifically if our audience is a little bit more and you know problem aware product aware solution aware. We want to be talking about our unique mechanism a lot more because they may be aware of different things out there maybe have tried different programs, but they're looking for a new and different way of doing something. So when we introduce our unique mechanism, which is essentially or unique way of delivering the result that we deliver. That in itself is engaging that in itself is has a an aha moment or has a shift in mindset and it can be considered teaching because we're teaching them on a new and different way of getting the result that they want to get.

If we're not too sure what our unique mechanism is, and if you're not too sure what you need mechanisms and you haven't really gone and deep into you into into the unique mechanism training or you're still trying to figure that out. You can go down to problem and solution route. You can't go down Route of say say for example If you're trying to do X chances, are you run into one or more of these three problems problem? Number one problem? Number two problem number three?

Some of the best ways we went we found about solvent years problems are when it comes to problem. Number one. Here's a solution when it comes to problem. Number two. Here's a solution when it comes to problem number three, here's a solution and then we start to transition or the reality is those three problems are only the beginning part of the bigger issue when it comes to achieving X Y and Z and then we transition into our offer section, which is like we've created a training we've created a checklist to download There's a webinar a free training a course.

Whatever I call to action is we get that when we cover that in the next section. So this is our offer section. This is where we're introducing our call to action and the details of what we want them to do next. And like I said an example here is click the link below to watch your free training on how order flow stacking can help you make more money trading stocks in as little as 14 days. And like I said, we could include an optional showrooms.

Like when you click the link below you'll be brought to a page. It looks like this as you can see there's a registration form, you're gonna put into your putting your name your email address and optionally your phone number into the registration form. If you put in your phone number, you're going to get some bonus training if you don't want to put in your phone number, that's no problem. But when you put in your details hit the registry Now button and any be brought to a page list that looks like this that has the training and you'll be able to go through it in in as much detail as you want. So we've just showed them what's going to happen when they click to call to action.

We've set their risk levels to near neutral because we've shown them that it's it's okay to do what we're telling you to do. Nothing's going to happen. Your computer is not going to blow up. You're not gonna be brought to some crazy looking page. Won't be brought to a page.

It looks like this and then when you take your action that we want you to take this is what's going to happen next. So we're just setting their levels and setting their risk levels and to neutral so they'll actually be more inclined to want to take the action that we want them to take. Does that make sense? So like I mentioned I'm going to be including some examples in the in the actual the with with all the other bonuses that you're getting with this Workshop. But something I also want to include is our scripting cheat sheet which will walk you through step by step up going about how you can actually create these scripts and knock out these scripts and go about recording them super super fast.

So you can actually not these ads out in 30 minutes or less and start getting them to get the results you want to get so I'll be including this cheat sheet as well, which is our scripting cheat. It covers and each of different hooks Creole how to do it the visuals behind it as well and everything else in between. So I'm gonna be including that as part of this Workshop. So hope you enjoy that and get a lot of value out of it. Wanted to want to talk about now is the fact that the interrupt stage the hook stage.

Like I said is the most important. It's absolutely critical to the success of your creatives on YouTube because if we can't hook in the right people and get rid of the wrong people the rest of our ads and the rest of everything else doesn't fall into place. And like I mentioned we the five kind of hooks that we use are towards pleasure is essentially what's paradise for them away from pain, which is speaking to symptoms not problems Off the Wall logic or stats like did you know X Y and Z directing their attention like see this here straight to the action just getting into the meats of it like a mini trailer for your ad and then an optional one is a case study where we kind of go around this is exroche or a testimonial real which I'll be showing an example of so what I want to do now is actually show you some examples So hopefully when I showed his examples that the sound will be playing. So let me know if the sound is playing if the sound doesn't play. I'll do my best at the very end to to pull up the videos and have them play at the very end of the workshop.

I don't want to disrupt the flows of the sound doesn't play do let me know but hopefully the sound will play. It's gonna take a quick drink before I do. I'm already getting kind of horse. Is this valuable? So for guys so far guys, if you let me know one day the question section is this valuable so far you're getting value out of this Workshop.

Hopefully where afford a lot into it. So you're getting the value. It's part of this. here Okay, so so the first one I want to share with you is towards pleasure as in what's paradise for? And when I played the first one.

Let me know that you can hear it in the comments or in the chat section are in the question section because I want to make sure that we can actually hear it and I'll pause it afterwards. Imagine if you could play guitar like this. It'd be pretty cool. The people here that okay. Yeah brilliant, okay.

So I'll play that one again. Imagine if you could play guitar like this, it'd be pretty cool right in this video. I'm gonna show you how you can do that too. You so say that that one is towards pleasure. It's like a lot of people that want to learn how to play guitar.

They'd love to play guitar like that. So that's that's stir towards pleasure. That's the outcome that they want. So then in this video in that video there whatever one of our coaching clients Christian is demonstrating in the actual ad now a lot of times we can't actually demonstrate but a lot of times we can but if you have a demonstratable offer, like if you're teaching something like that teaching something that's kind of visual like that using visual elements like that works extremely extremely well because not only you are you telling them Would you like this benefit which are showing them that you can actually deliver on that benefit if that makes sense? So that sound that Source pleasure not away from pain.

This example is from another coaching client and from share lingo they teach And did each Spanish people how to speak English and English people how to speak Spanish and they were running this ad and another ad concurrently on YouTube for the longest longest time. They're actually running it so long they had to turn off the campaigns because they got so many people buying your Spanish course, they had to stop and start running people to buy their English course to Spanish people because it built up like it works. So well that they actually in ended up having to turn off this campaign, which is kind of cool, but this is away from pain. If it feels like you've tried every app every course and every approach out there to try to learn Spanish if you wonder if you'll ever be successful speaking Spanish, if your spouse or partner laughs at you when you tell them you found another thing you're gonna try so that you can finally speak Spanish You're Not Alone. That was me just a short time ago, but I'm fluent now.

I want you to know that there's a method available for you to learn. So again, it's very very simple. It's just away from the pain. It's like obviously we have to understand what our our prospects what pain are actually in but it's a very very simple hope to use it's just away from pain because think about it your prospects are on YouTube searching for Solutions searching for for training searching for tutorials and they're in pain about something they may be searching for why is my tennis serve silk? Why why can't I speak Spanish or why is Spanish so hard and things like that and then we hit someone on appear away from Pain ad it's like are you better blah blah blah and everything that was said in that video.

It's like yeah this guy speaking my language. I have to keep watching and that's the job of the hope to have them keep watching now, like I mentioned the next one is logic and stats and this is Off the Wall logic. This is it's not really logic and it's not really stats. It's a mishmash of using In like in this example Damian who's Todd's business partner, he's using like physical examples to display logic and stats. Now.

There is another way of doing it is actually coming out and actually saying something logical or something factual or sharing a piece of statistical information like say for example in the in the funnel world, you might say something like did you know that there are 3.1 million online course creators coaches consultants and digital marketers out there actively today. But only one point three percent of them have ever made over a hundred thousand dollars. And did you know that the average salary? For some for an online course creator or something online their average turnover in their business. Is a mere 56,000?

dollars per year Did you ever stop and wonder why that is? Why 99? 98.3% of people Never make more than 56,000 per year. Well in this video I'm going to show you. Why that is and what the three steps you need to take to start overcoming it.

Keep watching it and we'll Dive Right In. So that's kind of like that's a different type of stat logic-based factual based. And hook and for people that are we're not just taking random stats. We're taking stats related to your pain stats related to the pleasure that they want to achieve. And all stats are pretty accurate, by the way, because one of our previous Mastermind members he did the research and he got a research team to do all the research, but that those I think I might be off some way shape or form but there's those stats are actually pretty accurate.

But let's play the Damian example, which is an off the wall type of way of doing this. All right. Hey, if you're trying to sell a product and a product Marketplace, I'm gonna share with you in the next two minutes. It's absolutely Priceless nugget on how to do it. If you see right here, I'm holding some made for TV items or infomercial style.

I love this stuff. I get a kick out of it and I know a lot of people goof on it, but it's all millions of dollars and it's really fast and really crowded Market places and I want to share with you just part of a formula on how they do it. So take a look here right curlers kitchen appliance. This is just a flashlight my goodness, but what makes it different? Well people have used curlers.

Why because they want them. So now we're transitioning that the rest of that video kind of transitions into in this particular one. Damian actually didn't do any intro portion or until later on. He actually went straight into the teach portion because it meant sense with day with the flow of the video what no matter a lot of sense if he was to go from showing yourself to an intro and then go back to showing yourself, but you get the idea and that's a different way of leveraging some like some off the wall kind of stats and factual stuff just in a kind of like demonstr. Away as well.

And sometimes we can use objects like that if what we're actually demonstrative. If or the the problem that we solve or the desire that we help people achieve isn't exactly demonstratable. We can actually use some items to help demonstrators and help leverage that visual component which is which is huge in video. So the next example is the directing their attention and you see that in this this is Pete one of our clients and in this video piece is directing your attention to something specific. But he also does it in an entertaining way and when I ask them to do this video on the first place, so we were working on this video.

I didn't ask him to do the entertaining bitter the funny bit or to humorous bit. He added that in himself because that's his personality. You don't necessarily have to add in the humorous bit. If you have a humorous personality by all means go and do it. But the main Crooks of this Hope was to get people focused on one courting that we want to give them to focus their attention on something.

So let's have a watch. Hey speed. Have you ever wondered why some people almost always seem to make money in the stock market? Well right here in this very simple guide to have the answer for you. If you can Master these 475 Pages just kidding.

This is actually what you want this 12 page document that was crafted in my New York City trading office with me at 25 former, New York Stock Exchange specialist it so that's the am that's the directing retentions were directly into attention to the exactual thing that we're going to be giving them. So if you have like a this can be this can be done with like a checklist. If you're have a checklist you can have a printed off if you if you have a book you can hold up your book if you have whatever you Whatever you have to give it if you can direct your attention to it, it works really well. But this next example is they kind of straight the action kind of like the trailer type action, but as you'll see that afterwards Todd is actually using the director tension component as well. So we're using two hooks effectively in this next this next example.

It determines whether people bounce or whether they engage the most important part of that marketing campaign. You see this right here. This is the lead of this video. This is the opening of this video and you know that the opening of a video is the single most important part of the entire video when it's done. Well it grabs attention when it's not done.

Well people bounce. Well the same holds true for your marketing campaign for your marketing message regardless of the format whether so say they open apart was that like the trailer for the ad but it was particular component of the ad that really can or the attention and then straight into within Todd was directing your attention with the components of see this here. This is the opening of the video you can't help but go yeah. It is actually doing in the video what's going on here what's going on here and it gets your attention again. That's what our goal of our Hook is to hook in our Target prospects and eliminate or non-tired to prospects.

So this is the kind of a six component which sometimes we use sometimes it could be effective oftentimes. Can't really be effective. It's more effective with warm audiences and with like YouTube retargeting. We haven't found this one to be effective with with kind of Colder audiences and it's kind of it kind of makes sense because it's more of a case study driven one or testimonial driven one and like for people who are further along the funnel this type of an ad would work extremely well for that. So there's one way we typically do it and which is not the way I'm going to show you in this example the way we would typically do it is we would isolate one testimonial whether that's an image testimonial whether it's a text testimonial or whether it was a video testimonial.

Typically we found at the image testimonials actually work better than the video ones because in in this is X example in the testimony the real example that don't be sharing from Todd here in a second those ones actually work extremely well, but when it comes to the distance x one giving a live example of it in a second And typically we find an image ones work best. So how it works is that I'm looking on screen and I'm looking at my screen here that roughly that's the corner of my screen here. I don't know if you can see me at all in the presentation. Maybe you can't but what I'm actually doing so imagine the frame of your skin screen it starts off with you and go is there's this is Tom Tom was struggling to get business Tom was struggling with Lee's with sales with clients. He was he was kicked off Facebook.

He was burning money on Facebook. His CPAs were rising and everything else. We help Tom Implement up the intention YouTube ads and this is what Tom has to say. And it cuts to a video of Tom. Sharing the most powerful part of this testimonial video during that not the full six minutes of this testimony the video where he's going into detail in the campaigns and and everything else, but he might be sharing the most component most important part as a relates to or prospects problems, or as it relates to the solutions that they want to get or as it relates to the to desires that they want to achieve and then afterwards a coach back to the rest of our and components we're straight into the Engage The Authority Section.

Hi, my name is John Murray blah blah. So that's the this is X1 and NDM. In the ads examples, I'm going to share an example of that when I went when we do it when you get the recordings and everything else afterwards in a few days. So I'll be sure to include some of those in there as well because they are really powerful but more for further down in your YouTube ads audiences in terms of remarketing and and everything else people for who are further down your funnel. So let's just watch the Todd examples.

So this is if you have a testimony you real if you have a real of lots of lots of results after result after result after result after result this type of an ad can work really well. All right gang. So let's hear it share those results early last month. We passed our revenue from last year. We were officially accepted into the ink 5000 closed at 14 million, which is great for the month.

That's our highest month for the year so far. We're hoping to track that even higher this month. We've actually seen a lot of growth over the three last month. We are going from seven people in a team to eleven. We just finished running a virtual Summit our first virtual Summit put it together like three weeks and we just absolutely crushed get something like 15 times what the teams goal was, I think three and a half times for my first time go was this has been An unbelievable year for us.

I won't keep playing it. It's like it's it's a great video to watch it. There's detail how how amazing taught in and how they are amazingly E5 method is and everything else and how amazing the top one Mastermind is and and for that matter, but the the reality is that that format works extremely extremely. Well, when you have reels and reels and reels it's like pop pop result after result after result and works extremely well, but typically further down in your phone, but I wanted to share with you as a way of illustrate and how powerful these types of hooks can be. So hopefully you're excited about those hooks elements like a setting or be include in the scripts and I'm going to be including the some more examples as well that you can be leveraged.

Now. I want to actually talk about how how we go about shooting these ads because a lot of people get hung up on the actual shooting out the ads themselves. And the reality is you don't need to not win you follow or process for doing it because what we're going to be doing is we take our four-part component and we Turn one video into five ads. So how we do that is we end up with our Five Hooks and we end up with the intro teaching call to action section. And then what we do is we take our Five Hooks and we added one hook onto the the end of the of the one hook onto the intro teach called action section and we do that five times.

So we end up with five ads and what we're actually doing is where we end up testing. Five Hooks off each other because we want to figure out which hooks are getting which hooks are performing the best. The goal isn't always to run all five hooks in some campaigns we do because each of them are performing kind of vampire and it allows us to tap into different audiences different audience desires or problems or or different types of audiences within our audiences. But typically what we're looking to do is we're testing our five hooks to find two the two winners and maybe the one winner the one Stand Out performer that we can really scale here. So that's why we use Five Hooks at the very very beginning.

And how we actually go about shooting this is we should our hooks first and if possible we want to shoot each hook in a different location. For example, we might shoot one hook in an office one hook in a sitting room one hook outside one hook in our car or one hook in a kitchen and the reason why we do this is because The way we structure our ad campaigns which I'll be covering shortly is that for people who don't view or ad for people that who we don't get charged for we're going to be serving their serving to add to them again, but if we use our serving them a different hook, but it's the same location same background same same setup and everything else. They may automatically think it was like or I've already seen this at first as if it's a different hope in a different location. It's just captures their attention again, and it's like, oh I haven't seen this one. Oh this guy again.

I haven't seen this this ad even though the rest that he has gonna be the exact same apart from the hook. But because they didn't they didn't keep watching. Anyways, it doesn't matter. But if we had the exact same location for each hook, they'll probably be skipping way too early. We wouldn't get the lounge every we want to get out of our ads and recording in different locations just works really well.

It does give an extra layer of complexity to shooting them, but I'm it's it's more than worth it for the results that you're going to be generating. And once we shoot our hook stem we shoot our intro teach and call to action call to action section. We shoot these all together and I'm gonna be sharing our best practices in a couple of moments are about shooting these and we really we really the reality is that so many people get hung up on they need the best camera in the world. They need the best mic in the world. They need the best learning in the world, etc.

Etc. Etc. I know my my setup here is pretty good. It doesn't need to be as good as mine. It can be done.

It and I'll be talking a little bit more about this in a second. But the reality is it can be done with something as simple as a phone in Frontier with a light in Frontier and some sort of backlighting behind you is as simple as that and good good sound as well. That's basically it but we want to shoot our intro portion and call to action portion all of them together and the teach portions area all together. And if possibly if you wanted to know this isn't necessary, you can consider shooting some of these some variations in a couple of different locations as well. You don't need to go to five different locations, but you may go to one or two different locations and will allow you to mix things up in the post-production in the editing process if you're passing it often editor, and we'll just allow you to create more engaging video.

As an example. I'm going to be sharing you in a in a couple of moments. So then I want to start sharing and our YouTube pool tip number five, which is use an external mic or a ring light in front of you. I'll make sure you have some soft lighting to light up your background to make your videos pop except for example, I will be detailed my exact setup of have a sheet and a cheat sheet of my mic or my my video set up here because I think it looks pretty good. But I will be giving you details on it as well in a couple of moments, but I'll have a cheat sheet for it as well as part of a bonus for this training for this Workshop.

But essentially I have one light here. I have a mic overhead, which if I bring down you can if I don't know if you can see me on there on the On camera yet still but I have my mic up just up above my head here and I have some backlighting behind me. I am using a specific camera and specific lens which I'll be getting to in a moment, but you don't need to get that fancy. You can just have a your camera up above ring light in front or some sort of a lighting in front. If you don't have a ring light you can stand in front of a window and that works really well.

The worst thing you can do when you're shooting your videos is be in front of being in front of the window the window with window to your back because all that lights coming in and it's just gonna blind you're setting here. What you want is the window in front of you here and you're looking at the window and you're your phone and your camera whatever is just in front of the window. So then all that light is gonna sit on your face. It's gonna sit on your posture here. It's gonna really light you up and it'll even make your backdrop look amazing.

Even if you don't have any backlighting back here, but you can get like a candle or if you want in the backdrop or something like that. I'll just really make you make your stuff pop. Just think about it the next time you're on a zoom call and You're sharing your video and share your video with the video behind you with the with a window behind you and then time after share with you sitting in front of the window and facing the window and it'll be night and day you'll be lit up so much better. It's full natural light and it works really really well. One other thing that I like to say is a pro tip number six, which is don't be afraid to show your personality in the framing of your backdrop this increases this arguably increases view rate.

And because people are trying to figure out what is that in the background what what books are day and what's what picture is that? And what are those little gimmicky little figurines and stuff like that and everything else and if I come out of the shop for a second you can see that there's lots of stuff going on in the background here. There's from books and little tokens and trinkets that I've picked up over the years and basically it's my personality and like what? I don't have proof that it increases view rate. I can only imagine based on people's curiosity that it increases view rate because they're like they're looking into trying to figure out what's going on.

But it allows you to interject some of your personality which adds to your uniqueness and adds to to a level of differentiation in your ads that that only you can provide and don't be afraid to use that. So number seven. The reality is you only need like I said some good lighting whether that's some natural lighting with a window and your and you're facing the window or a ring light above you your phone and a an external mic if possible so you can get mics on Amazon for like, I think I have an example of one there. I think it costs it was nine $9.99. I might it can be plugged into your phone and you what you don't want to use is just use the built-in sound in your phone.

The reality is I've gone my setup was a little bit more robust. I have a Sony a6400 camera with a sigma bouquet lens. I have the LED lighting at the back. I have two lights up here that I don't actually use. So those two lights up there that were like 200 odd 250 dollars, whatever.

I really use them. I use this ring light. That was basically 20 quid or something as my main ring light above me. I have that the mic stand obviously, I'm gonna have my road Mike and that's pretty much it but like bottom line you can you can bootstrap this with some not do it in front of a window so you don't need Have your phone above you? And a good mic, that's basically so you could you have your phone mike in a window for ten dollars and you're ready to rock and roll.

It doesn't have to be any more complicated than that. For actually recording the actual videos. There are some things that I do recommend. If you're on a Mac, I do recommend you use econ layout either there. He can't live for recording because it gives you a lot of extra flexibility in terms of what you can do.

You can do transitions. You can do lower turds you can do teasers you could do call to actions and more and this is something that we our clients haven't actually tapped into as much as possible yet. They could actually tap into a lot more but we've been getting some some great results without adding in all that extra stuff but it is something that hate going forward. We will be recommending a lot more and that's using something like ecam life. If you don't have a Mac or an iMac you can there are some like if you if you're on Windows or my dad if you have a Dale or whatever the case may be an a****** laptop or desktop or whatever the case is.

There are some great tools for recording on that as well. And what I'll do is part of the bonus for this Workshop if I'm if someone wants to remind me I'll put together a list of some recommended tools as well and I'll be sure to include that in the in the bonus section. And the next tip I want to give is that I absolutely would recommend using a teleprompter and for your for when you're recording your ads. It's actually the teleprompter that allows you to record the ads like that. Once you've got your script done.

It's the teleprompter that allows you to record your the actual ad so quickly because You don't have to think about it. You don't have to go what's this supposed to say and it and it removes the arms and the ads and everything else and these days totally Pumpers aren't just for newscasters and just for people telling the news and presenting presenting documentaries and everything else teleporters. They're so inexpensive these days like say for example on my phone, I have the best. it's actually on the first page of my my form because they use it so much. So if you can see it there, but it's basically teleprompter plus and as you can see I have like groups and groups of scripts here that I don't know if you can actually to camera focus on it.

Don't go well lots of different scripts here for lots of different things and I'd be lost without this app. This app was 19 dollars 95 on the App Store and it's absolutely incredible you could record The actual video or true that app and have high quality video while you're showing the I might actually pull up an example where we're live. So if everyone's okay with bearing with me with one second and to do Okay. This is mirror. It's going to be upside down.

Might take a second to load. Because I'd like a 10-second delay. There we go. Now it's upside down because when I even mirrored into my parrot and which is on the screen there, it's basically it's feeding and I'm basically I'm reading I'm reading like this. I'm looking at the camera.

It's sitting in the camera and I'm looking directly at the text but the cameras behind the phone picking up the recording without the phone being in the way and it just looks seamlessly. It looks like I'm directly looking at the camera like here and I'm basically just reading the text saying blah blah blah, it looks seamless. It looks so polished and it allows me to record and record the script it would be like a two or three minute script. Actually get a recorded in two or three minutes. Maybe I'd have to do a couple of takes so might take like four minutes.

And so then we end up like a four minute editable video file that an editor can visit and edit in 15 20 minutes and you can have to add live in less than half an hour it is so so powerful using a teleprompter and not enough people use it a lot of people what they like to do is like to use the kind of bootstrap button and use something like Microsoft Word under desktop and be scrolling like this and it just doesn't look as well as using an native teleprompter app. So the you can either use teleprompter plus as is and there are some Android versions as well, which I'll try and get a list for as well. If you for the Android people out there. but the best way I found of using it is using the like if you want to again, we'll give the boot stop version for people who want to bootstrap it just use the app use the teleprompter app and record natively into the app. So what will be happening is you hold your phone like this.

And the text will be coming up there. You can either have it on a tripod or you can hold it and you'll be just recording true to form. The more advanced version is going to be using the teleprompter app with something called the power teleprompter. You can get this on Amazon. I think it's like I think it's like 69 or 79 dollars on Amazon and basically what it does it's housing that sits on top of your camera that then you put your phone into.

That it does the exact same thing and that's why my text was mirror because that mirrors it up on top. So then when I look directly at the camera, the the text is just getting fed down and it really is the secret to recording amazing quality videos is using a teleprompter and like I don't know I don't understand why more people actually don't and the reality is that it does take a couple of goals to get used to the defeated a scroll and what I found works best is take a step further back. When you take a step further back, it just makes your eyes a little bit smaller. So if you are kind of doing a little bit of reading or shaking like that, it just doesn't get picked up as if you were like up here like this and you're reading it and your eyes are going Twitchy and crazy like that. It just it works well and like I highly highly recommend using a teleprompter it'll make that make night and day difference between equality of your ads and my camera's just got over here because I've been on so much.

I'm just gonna turn it off for a couple of moments and let it come back. But tip number 10 is to embrace your mistakes. Look you're going to be making mistakes in your YouTube ads when you're recording the videos and sometimes what I'd like to do is actually include the mistakes in the ad so like it's like it interjects a bit of humor and it's like it's nearly like a pattern interrupt in the actual mistakes and when you do make a mistake when you're shooting with the teleprompter something else to consider doing this is something I learned. From the late great Andy Jenkins original co-founder of kartra and absolute video marketing Legend. I've learned so much information from from him and from a video marketing point of views, but when you're shooting, let's say you're shooting your hook and you're going into intro section and you fluff your intro say these two words do over.

And then go back one sentence or one paragraph and start again. Don't even try and go stop it or edit it around like that. Just say do over go back and start again. So then either when you're editing it or when Your editor is editing it they'll be you'll be able to search first go to the first two over sound bite plays. So it ensure does say do over and you'll have a specific sound wave in your video editing software.

Whether it's Camtasia using whether it's Final Cut Pro or any other video editing software, but I'll have a little sound wave and you'll begin to recognize that sound wave because I'll always sound the same. So then I really quick way of editing is going to be scanning for the do-overs. You know, that when you find it do over that's the place to edit super super quick way of editing your videos so you can get them out even quicker and amazing amazing tip. I picked up from Andy Jenkins so long ago, it's one of the a lot of stuff that he that he told me stuck with me, but that's definitely one things that I've picked up from one of his I think it was like video Genesis or one of his courses with Mike Phil saying so many moons ago, but like incredible incredible tip, and I've never lost it. So when you are editing.

These are something that we're going to be paying attention to a lot more a lot more and I'm going to share an example of one of our clients videos. That's absolutely killing it right now in the financial space and I firmly believe the reason why it's killing it is because the scripting is so good, but then the post editing on it is so so strong as well and there's a lot of other extra elements that he's using that we really want to start tapping into more and hands up. We're not really tapping into as much as possible as much as we could do but we will be going forward like it's I think it just makes the video that much more polished and that much more professional looking and and sometimes they did less polished ones do work better, but I'm right now for for our client in this space this person is absolutely Cushing it So before I share that video a couple of elements to it is that when you're shooting like I mentioned used to do over color for editing use graphic callouts as well. Which an example I show you in a second use the fast code editing. So don't try and make it a perfect when you're splicing up your content.

Don't try and make it seamless and perfect use that fast code editing. So it's like a little bit Jerry or Jer or blurry or glitchy so that that Garner's attention that keeps people's attention and it keeps people focus on watching your video and then the two big optionals which we're going to be making a big push towards like I mentioned is using using big captions on screen but also having some optional music in the background as well like this video here. All over the Earth that God is raising up a new breed of wealthbuilders who'll use their money to shape the course of world history without building a golden calf. You see true Prosperity is not about toys and trinkets. It's about influence and impact Building Wealth is not just for you.

It's to affect entire families cities Nations and atmospheres. It's not about naming and claiming it. It's not about selfishness and greed. It's about you never having to ask money for permission to obey God or do what's in your heart. It's about funding your life mission and making your greatest impact.

It's about leaving an inheritance to your children's children. It's about provision for your So that's one of our clients Jim who's an absolutely incredible person with an incredible Mission and he is incredible business and a little bit later on that video. He goes live on screen and introduces himself and he goes through the rest of the process like I've outlined but like it's a little bit of a longer hook but because of the graphical elements because of the the big captions on screen it's working extremely well right now and like I'll be talking about ideal view rates and ideal picture rates in a few moments. But his is like massive views. If you rate nearly triple what the ideal is and click your rates more than double what the idea is and like working extremely.

Well right now extremely extremely well so Pro tip number 12 is to sometimes we use a pattern interrupt glitch at the very very beginning. So this is just a one second pattern interrupt at the beginning of the video that essentially is like they like the example in your screen and it's not necessary. But sometimes we found it using this can lift click lift or rates. So if your clitor rate is struggling like if you have if you if you're pretty happy with your dad and how it looks and everything else but your click through it's a little bit light it's not it's not where it needs to be and Using the glitch can sometimes just give it that lift just catch captures people's tension at the beginning to make them want to keep watching and into your hook and then on to the rest, so now what I want to do is move into the next stage of the workshop and just take a quick step back is this helpful so far as people enjoying the workshop. I know we've kind of covered a lot and we're definitely going to be going over and without a shadow without we're already gone over but I'm it's so much.

I just wanted to let me know on the Q&amp;A section if this has been helpful so far. Are you getting value from this Workshop if you wear do let me know? Okay, so now we're going to talk about putting our campaigns together. So phase this is going to be split into three phases we have or basically our t o s structure structure for for our campaigns and it's basically testing optimizing and scaling. So our phase one is all about our initial campaign structures all about our testing phase.

So this is how we go about and I know it's been a question or two about how we've set up our campaigns and how we run the campaigns and everything else and that's what we're going to be diving into now. So when it comes to our initial campaign structure, typically we're the goal we're running is conversions now, whether that's a lead conversions or purchase conversions and that remains to be seen depending on your offer depending on your funnel, but we're running for conversions the campaign type. We're running his maximized conversions. The number of campaigns that we typically run is five, which I'll go through in a couple of moments. Now, you don't necessarily have to run all five.

I'm Gonna Give You them in order of how we see them performing at the minute in terms of the Clients and the results were getting for our clients at the minute and this may be slightly different to what other people are saying. But this is what we're finding to be working extremely extremely. Well right now, we typically start off with the five campaigns. But if your budget doesn't allow for the five, maybe use the first one or the second one or the first two or the first three or whatever the case may be. I want to give you as much like like we said I give you the context at the very very beginning So you when I give you this content that you'll be able to understand the context of why we do things a certain way rather than just tell you to go do these things.

So you'll be able to like do do feel free to kind of modify this slightly because I want to I wanted to give you an a****** of tools that you could use don't feel like you're kind of suckered into only using it the way I tell you to do it there's gonna be Nuance to to in different campaigns and different offers and so on and so forth, but typically we use five campaigns with one bonus Campaign, which I'll be talking about in a moment. The bonus campaign is something that we're we're seeing some really strong results with right now and it's it's a little bit more robust. So maybe what I'll be doing in the Boneless section of this Workshop is put together kind of like a mini training on the bonus on the bonus campaign because I think it is super powerful and I think it'll only become more powerful and if in the months and years to come So at the beginning typically we have one ad group that we kind of put everything into and then as we see results, we start to splinter out those results into individual ad groups, whether that's individual audiences or individual keywords or individual ads or whatever the case space and anything we want to start isolating results. We would start off in one ad group and then we would Splinter them out afterwards as we start seeing results and dialing things in so the number of ads we would run. It's straight forward is 5 is our Five Hooks are the five hooks with the with the DM the intro to teach and the call to action portion.

So that gives us five videos. So very straightforward the ideal daily budget and this is according to Google's best practices, and I'm actually going to be sharing a sheet with you that I got from a Google. Someone who I don't order exact title. I can't remember their exact title for the taped or a part of Google's accelerated optimization team or some crazy title like that and he gave me a Google a a Google best practices sheet and I don't know if I'm allow share with anybody but I got I'm gonna share with you guys in the bonus section. And in that one of the core components in that was their best practices on budgeting and budgeting is something that a lot of people get let down on the reality is you minimum daily budget should ideally be five times to 10 times.

Whatever your ideal cost per lead is or your ideal CPAs. So let's say you're you want to get leads for you're not willing to pay more than $10 for a lead. Well, then your ideal minimum daily budget should be five times that or 10 times that so either fifty dollars a day or a hundred dollars a day. Now, if you're in a niche where you can get leads for two or three dollars a lead, which it'd be absolutely fantastic and it can be done in certain niches in a more competitive niches not exactly but you know it each Niche is different but let's say you are in an issue where you're paying treat ours believe well, then you're minimum daily budget will be five times that or ten times that now if you're running purchase camp Means it becomes a different ball game. You have to have the budget to allow for that which is why we recommend for the majority of people doing lead generation campaigns at the beginning because let's say your ideal CPA your ideal cost per acquisition is a hundred dollars.

You're not willing to pay more than a hundred dollars to get a sale in order for Google to get the data required. They would recommend you having a budget of 500 to a thousand dollars a day. Now that's fantastic if you're budget allows for it, but your budget may not allow for which is why we recommend for the majority of people doing Legion at the beginning your placement type is going to be skippable in stream video ad and your initial targets the Baseline targets that we look for the first point of optimization we look for is on our creative. Like we mentioned after offering economics creative is the next most important thing and we're looking for at least a 20% view rate and a 2% picture rate or if we're not getting Those we have to start plan on reworking our ads reworking or create or creatives. We working our hooks or possibly interjecting those glitch intros and everything else.

Like we mentioned the Baseline metrics that we ideally like to get is a 20% view rate and a 2% click to rate. Now. The one caveat to that is that if you're getting less than a 20% view rate and less than a 2% click your rate, but your fall is producing leads at the rate that you want to get. Don't worry about fixing it. So if you're willing to pay $10 per lead, but you're getting leads for $6.

And your view rate is 15% and your click your rate is only Point 1.2% Don't worry about fixing your creatives. You're getting leads at the cut at less than the cost that you're willing to get in the future. Yes, we'll probably have to work on fixing things. But right now that's not a point of optimization. There's going to be another bottleneck in your funnel if you're not getting the results that you want to be getting.

Then we focus on fixing our creative first. So that's the initial part of our decision Diamond kpi, which I'll be talking about in a couple of moments. So the five campaigns that we're going to be running are Affinity campaigns or sorry I get no. Sorry worthy. Remember just want to Quick sorry about that.

We want to do a quick recap on the the hootier and what they watch so remember who the air is there the audiences we have Infinity in Market audiences customer Affinity customer Affinity customer intent custom app affinity and we have to what they watch in terms of specific keywords broad keywords YouTube channel keywords competitor keywords topics and placements. So the first campaign we're going to be running and this has changed since we started running these in the past. We've we've like tested so many different campaign types. Okay, tested so many different variations and the first campaign. We like to run now based on how already crazy amount of AI and data that I'm Google has is an audience only campaign.

So we would choose we would first look at any audiences inside of Google that are super specific to our target market and our Target offer in a moment. I'll be showing you or cheat sheet that you can find to do that. And if there isn't we would then set up some customer Affinity audiences based on keywords related to our offer. Then we will be setting up some custom URL Affinity audiences targeting people who are visiting the websites that we would like to be targeting then we would do custom intent based on some custom keywords based some purchase intent around particular types of purchasing keywords that are related to our offer and then we would do app Infinity. You don't have to use all of those we start with the ones at the top and we might do want to to treat at the beginning maybe even four but after that that's pretty much it and then we can add in orders and be testing orders as we start moving to an optimization stage, but at the beginning we're looking to get data on our on our YouTube ads we're looking to prune that data as we go forward the second campaign that we would run then is a keywords only campaign and in this campaign, depending if you if you're in a super Broad and super super Broad.

Niche we might split up our specific keywords and Broad keywords into two different campaigns because our broad keywords are going to be so Broad and everything else. But if we're in a little bit more of a specific Niche maybe more of a dialed in Niche with a smaller target market size. We were pretty much lump or keywords in together and have them serve together and then as we see results coming in start to Splinter them out and start to isolate or winners and see if we can improve our winners in isolation in their own ad groups and maybe even in your own campaigns, but here in our keywords only campaign, we're gonna have specific keywords broad keywords YouTube channel keywords and our competitor keywords, and we don't want to have thousands and thousands of keywords in here. We're going to start with our super specific ones some fairly broad ones, maybe five to ten broad ones, maybe five channel keywords and five competitor the keywords and that's it. That would give us an initial list of anywhere from 20 to 25 to 30 keywords again when we're in Optimization stage we can always start to expand on these but we want to start with the low-hanging fruit ones.

The next campaign is this overlay one. So we're going to Overlay audiences Wiki, excuse me. My voice is going. Overlay audiences with keywords if that makes sense. And double check timing because I know we're running over.

We're running over a lot of actually, I'm really sorry that we're running over but hopefully you're getting the value from it anyways, so our Third campaign is audiences plus keywords. So we have our audiences and our overlaid with the keywords and I don't don't worry. I'm gonna show you how we do this. The fourth campaign is topics only so if there's any topics related to our offers, we would ruin a campaign. It's only topics And like I mentioned the last one is a placements.

So we're running on specific channels or specific videos. Now, the hierarchy is done in that exact process. If your budget doesn't allow you to run all five campaigns and you can only run one. We recommend the audience only one if your budget allows two do audience and keywords, if your budget allows three do audience keywords and audience and keywords together and so on and so forth. If you can run all five run all five and like one thing I want to mention is the goal isn't to always have all five campaigns running.

The goal is to find out which of those five campaigns has the most opportunity and then go heavy in optimizing that which I'll be talking about in a moment. now Which are initial campaign structure recently? Well not recently probably around six to nine months ago. Google made it mandatory to include video Partners under Display Network and this is like Basically third party Partners at Google has where they want to show your your video on. Websites and they want to show your video on third party apps and everything else and we found this just to be junk traffic.

It doesn't convert as well. So there is no way in Google settings of turning this off what we found a turnaround or if you work around which allows you to exclude mobile apps by going to in your campaign section. Go to your exclusions and put in mobile app category semicol and semicolon 69500 as a placement exclusion. Sometimes you can exclude it from your from your overall account. So you'll never be targeting them.

But oftentimes you get an error message, you'll have to exclude it from your campaign level and each time you do a campaign and I'll show you how to do this once we get to the campaign setup. The next thing I want to share is don't forget your demographics. Just don't forget to laser target your demographics. So basically if you're only targeting females age between 35 and 54 who are parents and in the top 10% of income, make sure you choose those in your demographics. Now if you're a little bit more broad don't be afraid to go broader.

And typically what we recommend doing is for if you're selling like lower ticket products and a lot of you're back in products are lower ticket as well. We don't mind including the lower 50% income bracket. If you have if you're selling maybe slightly higher ticket products and have a higher ticket back end. We typically own take the lower 50% household income bracket now household income bracket is only available for certain. For certain countries.

Mainly the US I think you can get in Canada as well. But other countries that don't think they have that data. I'm I maybe I maybe stand corrected on that but I'm pretty sure it's just the us what we typically do is you can see their unknown is on. We typically leave on unknown honor to at the beginning because unknown isn't that isn't that it's not going to be your target market. It's just that Google doesn't know what you're Target America and I'm pretty sure it's because they may not be signed into Gmail or do may not have Google accounts and stuff like that.

So we don't they don't have the data on that person. That doesn't mean they're not in your target market and in our initial testing stage we leave on or not to see how unknown is performing. So say for example in one of our client accounts unknown is actually performing extremely. Well. It's on power with our demographic targeting.

So we would be losing out on leads. We would have gotten ordinarily if we didn't have unknown on. One other thing that another tip in terms of exclusions is to also combat the third party Network videos. We have a list of 2,100 + 2,200 something websites that are the kind of the line share to get these served this junk traffic and that's a Dropbox link to it. I'll be included in the bonus section.

It's basically you can go into placements exclusions select from account or select from campaign. You'll be able to exclude all those 2100 placements and these are just basically websites. So Google will be serving your ads on which you don't want them on and it just it just frees up ad spend and allows you to stop wasting ad spend on on Impressions and Views that are just generally doesn't convert. Another tip is in your campaign structure. We always exclude embedded videos live streams and games and we also exclude TV screens and I'll be showing you how to do this when we go to actually live campaign setup.

Another tip. And this was what I was talking about in terms of serving the ad over and over to people if they've not viewed 30 seconds of your ad so a lot of people a lot of people cap impression frequency. We don't want to cap impression frequency one. We want to cap view frequency because we only get charged if someone views are at we don't get charged if someone is showing our ad so if someone skips after five seconds, we don't get charged so we can serve to add to them again as long as they're under as long as we're comfortable that they're in our target audience and that's why we create our five different hooks because we might serve them at different at next time and we still won't get charged unless they watch 30 seconds. So we typically cap our view frequency at three times per month, which is little more than one view a week and that works really?

Well. We find that Cadence works really really well because remember if you is 30 seconds or longer. so remember our priority and our our preference is shooting talking head Style videos. So like that the videos where you're talking to the camera here and maybe overlaying some graphics and everything else. And if you're shooting talking head style test like I mentioned test your hooks in different locations because you'll see you'll see some locations performing better than others and allows you mix to mix up your Hooks and mix up the variability of it.

And then once you find some winning combinations, then you can start presenting the same message differently. And what we did for one campaign was we took the initial hook, which is the top video on that example where it's taught talking directly to the camera and then we got some variations shot of those videos to see if we could beat the click your rates and beat the end beat the the control variation ads, but we only did after we found winning combinations after we found campaigns it was converting. We only did that afterwards we get into the optimization stage, which we're moving into now if that makes sense. So here I am in a Google ads account. And again, this is a dormant Google ads account.

So there's no active campaigns running in this account right now. It's going to hide this notification. and if you've never created a Google ads account or a YouTube account before I'm gonna include in the bonus section of video how to actually set up a Google ads account from start to finish. It's very straightforward, but there's certain things that you can skip which are a little bit annoying on Google's part, but I'll sure that in the bonus section so you don't have to watch me create a brand new account. But what we're gonna do any time we went to or account here.

What I typically do is I go to all campaigns and I click campaigns home. Typically the overview section doesn't really show a lot of information. But typically what we can do here is we go to campaigns campaigns home. now what we're going to do is we're going to either click great campaign or we're going to go here and click the blue icon click new campaign So we're gonna go for leads or sales depending what we're optimizing for. We're optimizing for leads here.

So we're going to choose our conversion events or whatever the case is. We're gonna click continue. We're gonna click video now again, I'm gonna show you about setting up your conversion event. Somebody's aren't and because this is a dormant ad account. Somebody's aren't firing somebody they actually conversion events of expired.

So don't worry why we've seen this morning icon here when I give you the bonus training on actually setting up your conversion events. I'm gonna cover all of this in detail. Don't worry about that. But underneath here, we're gonna go to video. We're going to click continue.

so next we have to give our campaign a name and to come campaign the naming convention that we use is basically day month year campaign type or like our goal the funnel that we're actually driving to and the the campaign type. So let's say today's date is of September 2022 our goal is leads. Our funnel is let's say it's tennis pro as an example and this campaign is going to be our audience only campaign. Now. Remember we're gonna have five campaigns, but and this one's going to be our audience only campaign.

The next one we're going to choose. We have Target CPA. We have maximize conversions. Remember to go we're going to choose is maximize conversions again our daily budget. Let's say our Max cost per lead is $10.

So we want to do the five we can do five x to 10x or Max cost per lead. I'm gonna go on to higher spectrum of that. If you if you don't have the budget to do it you can go on the lower Spectrum. So maybe you do 50 dollars, but I'm just gonna set it as a hundred dollars today. Ended I'm going to set it to none.

Under here, as you can see, we can't untick this video Partners in the display network, but we will be getting to that here in your country section. You want to choose your country. So if you target specific countries, you can just put it in here. If you do cities you can put it in there and so on it's a four but I'm just gonna do United States for the time being I'm language put in whatever language you're targeting and now under here standard of Entry because we've done the hard work in terms of our audiences and we're comfortable that the people that we want to Target or in our audiences. I'm okay with doing expanded of Entry.

I'm okay with Sean ads on Maybe videos that have a little bit of profanity or sexual content or for whatever reason violence or Serious injury and everything else because I know it's my audience watching those videos. So I'm okay with that. So typically what we end up finding is that we get a lot of extra conversions that we wouldn't ordinary get by using expanded of Entry. Now, if you don't want your content shown on those type of videos because maybe you don't want like maybe you're a topic is a sensitive topic and everything else. Well, then you don't need to choose expanded of Entry.

You can chew our you can choose standard of Entry. But typically we choose expanded and under here. You just hear my dog Sam coming into the office there and we obviously exclude embedded YouTube videos. This is no longer an active tip. We did in the past exclude games.

And then we have this is already by default on ticked article mean and what we've been testing lately is actually on taking this because it's content not yet labeled and so many people upload their videos to YouTube what actually labeling their content and that's fine. We can put our ads on that content because we get extra impression. So we leave this on ticked. At the beginning we were in our testing stage. We don't use site leak extensions.

We're in our optimizing and scaling stage. Yes, we will use site link extensions. And yes, we will start to test out things there. But initially we want to be testing our initial creatives and our actual or offers and everything else. So we don't use them here in under additional settings.

This is where we exclude or TV screens. So we're gonna set here. We're going to exclude our TV screens. Again, like I mentioned you could record video specific for TV screens, which is pretty cool. I'm definitely going to start testing those absolutely will but for now, we're gonna exclude it here.

We're gonna untick here frequency capping. I remember again. We don't encap we don't cap Impressions. We cap views. We're going to set it to tree views per month.

That means that people will only get charged if someone watches our video and for 30 seconds or more and the same person can watch the same video up to three times per month. Schedule all day third-party measurement. We're going to leave that at non for now because we don't have a setup in this campaign, but in the conversion tracking and video I will be covering that and everything else now ad group name. Typically what we do here is we do the type of the type of audience that is so it's audience only and we do some demographics. So imagine in this audience.

I'm targeting male and female age between 35 to 55 So down here under my demographics. This is where I'm going to put this in. So I'm doing male and female and I'm also going to leave unknown ticked. I'm not targeting these people but I am targeting the best and I'm not targeting 65 plus but I am gonna leave unknown. Ticked I don't care if they're a parent or not a parent and for me, I am going to untick the lower 50% and because I just want to deal with what people that are into higher income brackets in terms of audience segments.

We can search in here for audiences and we can add them in here. But typically what I like to do is I like to add to mean after campaign set up because I'm I don't know sometimes the for some reason somebody the more in-depth audiences that are available to us. Don't show up in here and this is the actual audience spreadsheet that I will be sharing with you as you can see. This is the Affinity audiences available lots that didn't lots and lots of different Affinity audiences available. These are the in Market audiences.

These are the buyer audiences people are in the market and have purchase these things in the past again, these are done for you Google audiences that they give you so many so many buyer audiences in here so many opportunity to tap into things. And again, I'm gonna be including this spreadsheet. We also have a detailed demographics. These are all the demographics that you can Target not as much as everything else and then we have a master of negative keyword list that we recommend including as well depending on your Niche depending on your offer and everything else. And into bonus training when we give out the recordings and everything else.

We're going to include this sheet that you can make a copy of and use and leverage and you know, you can see all the nice things about me afterwards and everything else. And just just kidding. So we're not going to put our audiences in here. I'm going to show you how to put in your audiences after the fact because sometimes it don't always show up in here which Is strange but it does we're not going to use optimized targeting right now. We may test this in the future.

We're optimization stage, but we're not going to use it right now in our advanced settings. This is where we will put in our keywords or topics and placements again, I'm gonna show you how to do this after the fact, so we're gonna leave it there for the time being And then we're going to have to grab our YouTube video. I'm just gonna grab an example video here. This video is actually one of our clients. Stop trading Pro videos.

I'm really good video, but I'm just going to use this as an example. It's going to put in the URL here. Let's say the URL here just for example of this going live. I'm actually going to use Pete's website. and again, a bit of free promotion always good and our call to action is going to be and let's say download our headline download now.

now remember the example I'm using here is Like I'm using a obviously a trading website, but example I'm using is going to be specific to tennis. So like I've been sticking with the tennis example all the way throughout. So let's say the headline using here is become the Envy of your mates on the tennis court using the JM serve Method obviously, this is a fictitious method. So don't go buying the JM serve method if you see ads first because it's obviously a fictitious method and description is A great this is I'm just typing copy at the top of my head. Obviously, you'll be leveraging your copy that you've already built from your landing page.

Generally speaking. What we do is we end up taking the copy from our landing page and we start applying it to Inner ads. We might need to iterate it a little bit based on the number of characters we have typically to call to action is exact call to action that we want to do. And like to download a PDF to download a checklist or whatever the case is if it's to sign up for a webinar to register for a webinar to purchase to go buy now to go shopping or whatever the case is things like that add to cart if it's a retargeting ad like things like that. We're just going to use the call to action that the thing that we want them to take.

The action that we want to take is a call to action that we will use and like Breakthrough JM serve method. and helping thousands thousands thousands and improve their Serve in. What we need to work on over here in the characters. I've been thousands improved or serve. in 20 minutes or less now quick Copy tip here A lot of people attach a time to the outcome that they're helping with winners 20 minutes 30 days 90 days a year and everything else and I need a lot of times we have these high performers that are in our audiences or people who think that they're high performers and whether they are not a different thing and what they see is they would see to 20 minutes and they'd be like, yeah, I could do it in 10 minutes or to see was like, oh how to how to whatever how to launcher an email marketing consultancy business in 90 days or less.

They'll be people as it was like 90 days other than 30 days. But how we can kind of tap into that. It's just putting in this or less in the copy. So it's like how to how to improve your serve in 20 minutes or less and the guys who is listening. Yeah, I'll do it.

Unless I'll do it in 15 minutes. I'll do it. I'll loot in five minutes. I will I'm a high performer so we can just tap into their their ego a little bit. It's a little bit of a copy trick.

Try using it. It generally works really well and we always recommend doing something like that. Then we have the option to either upload an image or order generate an image. You can upload an image. Generally we use this if we're looking for Aries to optimize afterwards.

This will be a point of optimization doing something something like here changing a copy here. A lot of people don't realize that changing your creative isn't just about switching out your video. It's also about changing out your creative here because like maybe we can change your call to action. Maybe your headline needs to be changed. Maybe we can switch up description so we can test in our headlines as well.

So in theory we could use the exact same video but different headlines different call to actions different descriptions and use one that order generate versus use ones that upload an image and test them off each other. So it's not always just about the video. So just bear that in mind and remember that but for this one, we're just gonna order generate we're gonna call this hook number one Okay, so then if we wanted to preview the ad on YouTube we can do we can just go over here click preview ad on YouTube. It will just open up the ad and the ad will start playing. If you're a stock Trader, let's talk about earning predictable returns from the markets.

Don't play it all but that's how you preview your ad on YouTube. And then what we're going to do is come down here and click create campaign. well What did I do somewhere in my item using punctuation? Probably to capitals are the three dots. Yeah, here we go.

three dots I use it in this one here. No, there we go. Should we find out? That's another good thing. I like about Googling YouTube over Facebook.

They tell you that stuff beforehand. So you don't get your ad disapproved versus Facebook wouldn't tell you did reject you and something small is three dots could just throw you off and get your ad account thrown out. Where's Google don't want you to do because Google is smart Facebook. Not so much. So we're gonna continue to campaign.

So now we've got a campaign created and I can go back to all campaigns and this is just our first campaign created. Now remember we haven't added or audiences yet. So what we're going to do is we're going to click our campaign name. So anytime we want it. So how it works is I'm a here at the campaign level.

So it says all campaigns. So if I click ad group, it's going to show me all ad groups in all of my campaigns if I click adds an extensions. It's going to show me all ads in all of my campaigns and similar with videos keywords audiences and everything else. But if I click into my campaign now, what's only going to show me the ad group within that campaign or if I click ads it'll only show me the ads within that campaign. So just something to bear in mind.

It's something to remember. So what we're gonna do here now is because we haven't all added the audience to this ad group. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna click here or we're gonna go over here to sorry audiences. So we want yeah, click into an ad group. Sorry, and then we're going to come down to our audiences.

So this shows our ad. And what we'll do is before we add our audiences. What I would want you to do here is to add in the rest of your hooks. So remember you're gonna recording five videos. So this is just hook one.

So you would do it exact same process add in number two. Number three number four number five. Now for this example, I'm not going to do that because it just it's just basically doing exactly what I just did there. You just click this one and you just did exact same process put in your video and everything else. But what we do want to do is go over here to audience.

And we want to add in or add audience segments. So remember what we're going to do first is we're going to Leverage The ones that Google have built so what how we do we're going to start in we're gonna put in tennis. lessons so there's an in-market audience people who have purchased are in the market to purchase tennis lessons think that'd be a good audience to take that's in buyer audience at Google have created pretty terribly audience. I definitely want to be targeting those they have a club membership. Absolutely.

They're in the market for Tennis Academy is absolutely tennis lessons and Tennis training absolutely tennis court construction materials. Not really. I don't want to talk to people who are building tennis courts tennis news. Yeah. That's okay Tennis League.

Yeah. Okay tennis tournaments absolutely rankings. Maybe games maybe gym and a letter clubs, maybe maybe not. And but you get the idea so these are five audiences that are one two, three, four, five six seven audiences that Google have built that I absolutely want to Target. So I'm gonna click save here and now I've added these audiences to this campaign.

Okay, and now we want to track these and see where the Performing we can just click here show table and it show us how many conversions each audience has got the cost per conversion and if we see the tennis lessons is performing amazing. We can let it run if tennis club membership is not performing good we can just pause it. It's so much more intuitive than Facebook and you get to mind so much more data than Facebook and you get to win there and you can make changes instantly without having to think well is this working is it's not working and everything else is just so so powerful and I'll get to the optimization of that in a moment. I want to share an example of that, but that's our audience is set up. So remember I said that we want to how easy it is to create the audiences.

So remember we said we can create URL audiences customer Affinity custom keyword and the app audiences. So they're so easy to create. So what we do is over here to tools and settings. We're going to go over here to audience manager. And in here I'm going to show you to treat them and how we what we do so data segments.

What we do is we go over here we can do website visitors app users YouTube list customer list. We can do custom segments, which is basically we can do we're going to go here to our custom segment and this is where we create our custom audiences. So let's say we want to create a people a list of people who have searched for At tennis equipment so let's say tennis equipment. Let's say actually say tennis tutorials. People with any of these interests or purchase intention intentions that's for people who are interested in tennis tutorials or interested in purchasing tennis tutorials or have purchase tennis tutorials.

So I'm going to put in tennis to tutorials. Tennis to instruction for beginners play tennis academy. So they're giving us examples of ones to do. So if I just do tennis tutorial on its own there's one billion to five billion Impressions available just in the United States alone for people who are interested in purchasing tennis tutorials. So imagine I serve an ad to them with course Offering them tennis tutorials.

They think it's a good message to America match. I mean, it's absolutely huge. This is why you absolutely love YouTube ads. This is why absolutely love Google because it's so freaking targeted. It's unbelievable.

It's absolutely incredible. So let's say we create that one there and we hit save That's that audience is created. Now. It's under review. It.

Guess they get approved pretty quickly because it you know, you're not doing anything crazy. But let's say we want to do a custom keyword audience. And this was for we want to do a custom keyword audiences around say let's say tennis Courses, so people who have searched particular terms on Google in the past. And we're going to call this it's called a tennis course Capital C. Why not and we put in tennis course and of course tennis instructor training tennis training course tennis courts training.

Let's go with tennis training course. Five million to 1 billion not as many as the other ones but still a very targeted if someone has searched tennis training course, you'd think to be a good fit for my course on tennis training. Hopefully more than likely you would say they would so we'll hit save. So that's our keyword. We have our our custom intent one and we have our custom Infinity one created.

So now let's create our custom URL one. So let's say this is a tennis stop calm. people who have browsed types of websites we put in tennis Comm they have 10 billion to one trillion Impressions available for people who have visited websites related to tennis.com. incredible Again, if we wanted to Target the membership of tennis Comm we might put in. Something like whatever to remember login is members.

Dot tennis Comm or whatever the case is or like I said with clickfunnels or Infusionsoft or whatever it would be app. dot click funnels .com now if I put enter here, this will show you how many Impressions available to Target the users of Click phones. If you wanted to 10 billion to one trillion, that's not saying that there's 10 billion to one trillion. I'm users of clickfunnels, but that's how many impressions are available. It's apps.

It's it's huge. It's absolutely game-changing for the amount of targeting that you want to do. Remember the hierarchy of profit. Your audience is the most important and then after that offering economics creative campaign structure and in this talk, but your audience is critical. I know I've made it so easy for you to ensure that you're absolutely without a shadow of a doubt targeting your target audience.

Absolutely critical and now it's so easy. It's done. You'll never have to worry about it again. So let's just say we'll call it. Just tennis Comm whatever just to have a creator.

Click enter and we'll hit save. And the last one let's create an app people who use type of apps. So let's just hit search tennis. Tennis class multiplayer game. No, I'm not really interested in the tennis games.

But if there's anything related to improving 10s or tennis news or or anything like that. Let's see live tennis rankings. Yeah, that's a good one to use or tennis maybe tennis tracker or something like that to track progress or do that like that. Tennis match score and stats yet could use that. Now, let's say if you're into fitness and space and you're in a you're in the fitness Niche, what would be a good app to use?

Probably the biggest fitness app available? my Fitness Pal imagine you're selling recipes or you're selling a fitness program or keto program or or weight loss system or a muscle building system or whatever the case is. Thank you be pretty targeted to Target people who are tracking your calories and my fitness pal and tracking your steps and everything else. Absolutely, right? So you do things like that.

But for this example, we'll just stick with the tennis example. Oh, sorry tennis. at so now we have these creative so we can start using these in our audiences. Does that make sense? So we're gonna come back here.

And what we're going to do was we're gonna go over here to all campaigns. Sorry, my dogs just below me here. Actually, I'll bring them up. Say hello. It's a sandwich.

He's the real bus. Is not too keen on saying a lot and he's like why you bring me up? And that's just down here my older dog. She's sleeping the bed on the detail the table. Um, so that's that one do so what we want to do here.

Sorry. I don't know why I felt compelled to show Sam on camera, but it is what it's what we're gonna do is we're gonna copy this and create our keyword campaign create our our one word or combined together and one we're two topics and then we're going to do a replacement. So I'll do this as quickly as possible. I'm going to click. copy We're going to click paste.

I'll just do this once and I'll show you where you find each and each one in each campaign, but you could do it as if you duplicate it each time, but it doesn't make sense for me to do it. I don't want to know spend all time. Look at me you look at me on the screen here, but I want to show you actually how easy it is to set up these campaigns. Once you have the framework and the structure of how to go about setting it up. Does that make sense?

And hopefully you're you see the value in this and hopefully you're getting the value. I know a lot of people about to leave but hopefully you're getting the value and you're gonna stick around for the rest of it. So it can't take a couple of moments to duplicate the campaigns, but we'll just wait that's fine. When it does it what we're going to have to do in this because it's going to be a keywords only campaign. We're gonna go in and we're gonna remove our audiences and we're going to add our keywords and that's going to put in a couple of keywords.

I'm not gonna grow in full detail on keywords. Just want to show you how easy it is done. It does take a bit of time. But once you have to he's done, these campaigns will before will form the skeleton of all future campaigns that you create. So like you can you can call them templates if you want and then you can read duplicate them and used to begin in the future again, and again, and again if you want but these formed a foundation of all the types of campaigns you've been in the future.

So you'll do this better work at the beginning but you you won't have to do it ever again. So this one is gonna be Well, what I will do I'm just going to call this one audience and keywords. So I'll show you how to combine them. So look make this one the audience and keywords and afterwards you should be able to set up the keywords only what you'll be doing is to remove your audiences and you can add your keywords or you can create what I usually do which I create a skeleton campaign that doesn't have any audiences doesn't have any keywords and but it has to core targeting elements that I want or the core the core structure that I want and then I can just duplicate that and add or take away as Anita. So how we add our keywords then is remember.

We don't click over here because we're in the old campaign section. What we want to do is we want to click into a particular campaign and then we're going to go down here to our content and then we're going to go where it says display video keywords. And we're going to go over here to our ad or keywords. We're going to choose or add group and we're gonna put in whatever our most relative. We always start with our most relevant keywords related to what it is that we have.

So something like tennis course tennis tutorials tennis lessons tennis training and we and we do get this notification from Google saying using keywords can limit the performance of video campaigns to drive conversions. This is what I meant by over the the when we layered him up. We do like it because it's so targeted the volume goes down dramatically, but it doesn't mean that we're not going to get conversions. We will get conversions. It just means that it may take a bit of time for this campaign in particular to start spending money because it's so targeted and it's only going to serve when our audiences searches these keywords.

So but when they do it's super targeted, but it this is why this is the Third campaign we set up because we want to get impressions. We want to get data as quickly as possible and we will get those with the first two campaigns. So I'm going to hit save here. So now what we have is we're targeting people in this audience who are searching these keywords and we have that perfect layered over example, which is what we want. Okay.

now if we wanted to add in our topic, so let's say I just didn't add those keywords there. So let's just kind of jump back a minute and how we add our topics. We just go over to the topic section. And we you would do this in its own Standalone campaign. So in this like when we want the topics campaign, we don't have any we don't have any audiences and we don't have any.

Keywords around like that, but we want topics on their own and what we're going to hear we're going to select our ad group. We only have the one I group here and we're gonna search for a topic and I'm pretty sure there's only one topic for tennis available. That's relevant. and it's not table tennis. We don't want table tennis racket Sports tennis.

Now, we may include this one, but you know, we why not go super focus and just include the tennis example. Now, let's say we're in a different Niche. Let's say we're in weight loss. Beauty and fitness weight loss topic super targeted audience that Google has already created. It's basically the bundled and group of audiences together.

So that's not just one audience is a group of audiences together into one big topic that you can Target and that's why we include the topic on its own. So I'm just gonna go back to the tennis and Racket Sports tennis. We just click save I'm not gonna do it because this is the audience and keywords one so we can just get yes to card. We wanted to do the placements. This is where we do Replacements and we can do we can add a placement selector ad group again.

And we can either if we have the YouTube channel or the YouTube. Url the ad that we want are the video that we want to run on we can just paste it in there. If we don't don't we can search for YouTube channels videos lineups websites apps and app categories. Typically the only two that we generally use our YouTube channels and videos because remember we're building our custom URLs here already. So we're just going to do YouTube channel and we're gonna say Let's say we search.

tennis Comm Tennis Channel 14.4 subscribers 11 subscribers Wimbledon 1.44 million subscribers. Yeah, like it shows you how tennis TV does a perfect one million subscribers a million people we can Target but not only a million people because they have a million subscribers, but generally if someone has a million subscribers they have anywhere from three times that to four times that in Hidden subscribers that visit the channel regularly that are not subscribed. So there's a lot more people that it's a lot targeted and what to subscribers actually tell you especially the bigger channels that have a lot of momentum and a lot of things so we can turn off the camera there again, sorry for another little while and yeah so we can we can Target this one if we want I'm not gonna hit save because this is the keyword plus audiences plus keywords one, but you get the idea of how to add the placement. So hopefully you're aware of how to add it how to build out the campaigns. Like I've shared you I want you to show you this wants to show you how easy it is and So, where do we optimize?

Well after we hit our kpis if we're hitting our kpis in terms of our 2% view rate are 20% view rate and 2% clicker rate and we're hitting her. Let's say we want to generate leads for 10 dollars or less and we're generating leads for six dollars. Great. I mean fantastic. Let's let's move on to phase three which is that we will dig into a little bit optimization the second but let's start scaling because we're hitting our kpis if we're not we start with our creatives are we getting a 20% view rate and a 2% click to rate?

If we are not well, then we're gonna have to rework our creatives. It's as simple as that, but there's at least we know what to do. At least we know what the step it is to take. It's a very simple decision Diamond kpis. Yes or no.

Yes, let's start scaling and let's start and I'll talk about scaling in a moment. Okay hitting your kpis. No. Okay, are we hitting our kpis from our creative point of view? Yes.

Okay. Well, then we need to look at something else. Are we hating our kpis from our creative point of view? No, okay. We need to rework our creatives now.

If we are hitting or creatives or kpis from a creative point of view, but we're still not getting good results. Well, then chances are we need to start to optimize our campaign? And this is where YouTube is. Absolutely incredible. This is where YouTube is.

So so powerful and this book gives us so much opportunity to dive into the data is YouTube and I kind of alluded to it a little bit but what I'm also going to do is I'm actually gonna jump into a campaign that was running for the longest time. I remember whenever I mentioned one of our coaching clients share lingo and I shared one of their ads and they were driving to a vsl selling a Spanish speaking course teaching people how to learn Spanish and the campaign was working so well and everything else that we're doing was working. So well, they actually had to turn off the campaign and they used two video ads for the goods of a year, I think and because their system works on getting English big English speaking people to learn Spanish and Spanish people to learn English. They're English speaking campaign that we actually help them with and I'm not going to take full credit because Stephen the team behind it are absolutely amazing, but the campaign was working so well to actually had to turn off the ads because they had to get more Spanish-speaking people in the course, but I'm gonna show you their campaign and show you how we would go about optimizing that campaign in a couple of moments. But essentially what we're going to be doing is we're going to be digging into the data think of it like a bonsai tree from karate from Karate Kid and we're Mr.

Mayagi work work, you know. Pruning here and dear taking off b**** that we don't like focusing on best that we do like and letting them flourish while we're getting rid of the kind of the Dead bits and the bits that are no longer working and how we go about doing that is in a number of different ways. I'm gonna show you a live example of this in a moment, but we can go into one section called where add short and we can go into will show exactly where our ads are showing exactly what YouTube channels are as are showing Facebook doesn't tell you what like inside of the interests that you're targeting. What pockets of those interests are working well, but YouTube will give you the data of exactly where your ads are showing and how they are performing and you can go in there and turn off the ones that are performing well and leave on the ones that are performing and are turn off the ones that are not performing and leave on the ones that are performing. Well, so what we're gonna do here, let's say for example, we're only willing to pay And let's say we're willing to pay a fifteen dollars per lead or overall is amazing.

It's 1174. So we're happy to keep scaling but we also want to be mindful of spending ones that are spending over. So we've gotten 17 leads here at 17 dollars. It's above our cost per lead not a massive amount above it, but we may consider turning off this one. We've got another one at 1840 that's gotten 1160 conversions.

You might be wondering what that decimal point is. It's got 11 conversions. How's it got 12 conversions? Well, no, it's got 11.6 and there's a little bit there's not a lot of data on this but what we found is that this is based on To maybe two to may have your prospect may have seen two ads so they were served the first side then they were served a second ad and then depending on what your attribution window is set up and I'll be talking about that when we get to the in their bonus section of the conversions what I'm showing you how to set up your conversions, but how it may be that they've seen both ads and they eventually converted but they were serve both ads in the same attribution windows. So they allocated between the two campaigns or between the two ads that's as best as we could decipher.

We've spoken to Google about it and the Google rep was like, I don't know what it is blah blah blah, but this is as best as we've decided but regardless we always just round down. So let's say we've got 11 conversions at 1840 that's 340 above our ideal cost per lead. Let's shoot this down. We're going to maybe reduce this off but then we can see this one here the organized Money 11 conversions at 7:49, very very interesting. This is where we start to isolate.

Maybe we could take out this Channel and run on its own campaign to see if we can get these results more consistently and the one below it Ronaldo Banks eight conversions of 533. Let's pull that one out maybe and see if we can get more conversions like that that are like less than half of our overall conversions. This is the pruning. This is the this is the optimization stage we can go in and see exactly what's working. And what's not working in a way that you just can't do in the likes of Facebook Google give you this data because they want you to keep spending with them and not spend with the other one.

So they're so open with this. So it's not just inner and in the actual placements, whereas are showing it's also in an audiences so we can drill into our audiences and see which audiences are doing well versus which ones are not so as you can see there's ones here, they're performing really well 705 conversions for 1425, but we turned off this one our custom URL Affinity audience didn't perform. Well in this example, which is why it's not the first one that we use they're super super powerful but it's made they may not always work so which is why we go with Google's ones first and Google want to Google's ones for here is financial services again, they're way smarter than us. They have algorithms. They have ai and stuff that we don't have so let's go with those ones first and here we've got 75 or 1425, but we've got one's here financial planning.

$10 investment opportunities $12. So what we can do here is the obviously the bulk of the spin is gone into financial services, but we can Splinter these out now and say well let's put a bit of spend towards Financial Planning in its own ad group or maybe in its old campaign maybe to see if we can isolate that further and get more conversions at a lower budget. This is all about the optimization stage. This is like data mining data pruning call it what you want. It's really really exciting and some you may look at isn't going my God.

This is so boring. And this is what media buyers do. This is what we do for our clients week window. We prune the data we mind the data we hone into what's working. What's not working?

And this is how your campaigns will really start to take off again beginning. We're testing now we're optimizing and then we'll be getting to scaling in a couple of moments. Was this exciting are people enjoying this? I know a few people have to leave but there's still people here are people enjoying this. Let me know on the Q&amp;A section.

I want to know that you're getting value from this. I want to know that you're starting to see the opportunity in your certainly get excited about the opportunity with YouTube about so make sure you let me know we can also optimize our Tempo we can also optimize our demographics. Which is here, we can optimize our ages or age ranges. We can optimize our genders household income parental status. Let's say we look at it our household income here.

We can see the top 10 percent has gotten a hundred and let's say call it a hundred and eight conversions of 1562. That's and maybe our top level is 15. But because they're topless 10% I'm okay paying more for the top 10% income because on average they will spend more. So I'm okay with that. Then we have 11 to 20 percent 14 and we have 20 to 30% 1598.

So just looking here. There's not a massive difference between all of these so we may not optimize here. We don't have to optimize everything. We're just looking for the pockets of opportunity and you will spot the pockets of opportunity. They will stick out to you and you can make the decisions based on that and we could do that with parental status as well.

Now. What I want to do is just show you. What like optimization looks like in an in a live scenario, they were screenshots, obviously and whatever, but I want to show you what actually looks like in a live example. Soul so we click into the audience section actually what I want to do first before we go to audience is go to do this where ADS showed section And I don't even think this is one of their best ad groups. I think they had other AD groups are actually performing better.

But I just chose this one at random just as an example. So we can see here that there was one thousand two hundred and twenty nine places where this ad showed. So I want to sort by the number of conversions. Now look at this. Learn Spanish with Spanish part 126 conversions at 374.

Now I'm I know we're pretty much certainty that what they've done. The reason why this actual ad group is pause is because they've taken this placement and they're running it as a standalone campaign. They've optimized to see that this can't be the majority of their conversions has come from displacement and it's coming at the best cost per conversion. Well the best in terms of the volume next turn up 102 with 478 61 a 360 isolate remember ice iterate. I'm sorry isolated and iterate.

So what we're going to do is we'd isolate this channel into its own campaign with the exact same order variables, but just targeting displacement because we know that this produces leads at 368. This is the data money that we go through 44 conversions at 251 amazing 250 for conversions at 60 cents. It's only four conversions, but it's 60 cents a lead. That's absolutely crazy. Would we up?

I isolate this one here. Probably not. It's too early. It's only four conversions. We probably want to have you know, at least 10 or more conversions typically, maybe even 20 conversions or more before we start isolating depending on what type of volume you're looking at depending on how much traffic you're driving.

But typically it wouldn't make a decision on four conversions. It's pretty cool to get four conversions of 60 dollars a lead and everything else. But if we look at Isolating further that's just based on this is just where ADS are showed. So much information here so much data to dive into we can also dive into their audience section. We go over here to show table.

Now where's the opportunity here sort by conversions There we go. 132 conversions of 574 can we isolate this custom intent purchase Spanish Spanish learning do you using the audience is the exact audiences? I asked you to set up they're using them this comes because they work these are this is one that set up by Google itself 40 tree conversions of 437 actually performing better than here, which is why they would have isolated this one into a standalone campaign. Retirement planning 10 conversions at 879 probably a little bit high for them but still really good aiding conversions customer Affinity searches Spanish learning schools Spanish immersion and everything else. This is where we drink it drill into the data and start to and isolate and iterate.

Remember those two things. We want to isolate and iterate and every time we do that we're going to find our winners we pour into a winners and this is how we start to optimize and we how to scale our campaigns. It's um, it takes a bit of time just data mining does take time but isn't just so better than just guessing on Facebook, whether the interest that you're targeting with 300,000 people or three million people guessing whether that's going to work for you or guessing what are wondering why it's working one day and not working the next day versus been able to go in and actually look at the data look at all of the data and be able to be able to make economic data-driven decisions. Like we said instead of making those irrational emotional decisions. This is why Google and YouTube is so powerful and this is why I love sharing this information with you guys.

So let me jump back into my PowerPoint and you're back into our presentation because now we got to talk about scaling and campaign scaling really gets into flow. Once we've reached like roughly around a thousand conversions. So whatever you got a thousand purchases or a thousand leads or whatever Adventure optimizing for that's when we can really start to hone in on and scaling your campaign and generating like as much results as possible from this. We want to do the initial thing that we do is once we get a thousand conversions is we take our best campaign and our best creatives and we really launched them as a standalone. So maybe you're are best performing audience or a best performing keyword or if we were doing placements or best performer placement or whatever it is.

But we whatever was performing best we take that we apply it to our best performing creatives. Are we relaunched that in a standalone campaign with just those two things whatever our variable was whatever it was an audience or it was in a keyword or a replacement or topic whatever it was we take that we match it up with our best performing creative and that becomes a new Standalone campaign with a fairly aggressive budget of say 10 times or ideal CPA. And next point on campaign scaling is that within the campaigns that you set up? Let's say you set up these five campaigns. Let's say two of them are really starting to spit out really strong results and we end up pausing to treat other campaigns because the overall cost for conversion and even with some optimization, it's just still way too high and we're pretty sure that the problem is on the the media buying site not the marketing side.

So anytime we're looking at results. We have media buying metrics and we have marketing metrics if we think our marketing metrics or solid and the issues is on the media buying. Well, then we're fairly comfortable turning off the campaigns that we want to turn off but let's say we have one or two campaigns still on that are producing really great results. We see we've been optimized in them the results have gotten better. And now we want to start scaling what we typically don't do is go in there and start making whole same changes in that campaign like adding in brand new creatives and brand new just that and the other what we do is we leave that campaign on its own and then any new creatives Want to add in we add them into a separate campaign a separate brand new campaign and in a sandbox so we can be testing creatives on in an isolated environment or if we're adding in new audiences that we haven't already tested.

We want to add them into a new campaign because we've got a winning campaign. We don't want to touch it. And we want to pay attention to Google's and limited by budget notifications, but only do that once we're in kpi and once we're happy to be scaling or budget up the way and up the way rapidly. We only do that once we're in kpi. So then we were duplicated winning campaigns test them with any changes to add copy audiences demographics.

So we do this in a sandbox so we don't break what's working. That's that's one thing that a lot of people do is they get a campaign that's working and then they start optimizing and it works even better and they want to start scaling it by doing new creatives and new distant the other and they do within the core working campaign and then that working campaign stops working and then I have to go back to the start again versus what we could do is just keep that working campaign working and didn't do all our sandbox testing in an isolated second campaign. So Pro tip number 19 is what we're going to do then after we've isolated or we're in a sandbox we're doing testing but we're going to take our best performing keywords and best performing ad and reshoot five new hooks for our best performing ad no just you don't need to worry about this right now. This is going to be 30 60 some days sometimes 90 days down the line. I mean like if we're like they you've set up your campaign you're getting results, but I'm talking about scaling aggressively aggressively now where you're you're spending 20 30 40 50 offers of a hundred thousand dollars per month or sometimes per week.

This is where you get into the nitty-gritty here. This is not when you're spending like 20 year 20K per month around my dad Antigone internet, you're fine with the other ones. You don't need to be using these strategies you can if you want but you've got a lot more mileage into your campaigns before you get there. But if you are scaling super aggressively with high amounts, you can take your best performing keyword and your best performing ad and reshoot five new hooks with that keyword mentioned in the first five seconds of that ad and then you can run them as skippable in stream and Discovery as a discovery ads are the how to add to show up and defeat And then from there what we do is we move into using Google's Arsenal. So we start to unlock more scale and winning campaigns.

We're introducing Google Display Network retargeting ad specific video specific retargeting YouTube channel retargeting and even something like Gmail retargeting across the board. This is where we really start to full set to utilize the full arson that Google provides us and that's pretty much scaling in and not not chilling. I know we've ran over and I know that we've covered in an awful lot. But if hopefully that you're super excited about everything that we've covered and hopefully that you're hopefully you're not feeling so overwhelmed with everything that we've covered and I know it was a couple of glitches and I think it was a problem with screen shares and stuff like that. I apologize for that.

I apologize for running over but wanted to make sure you got an amazing experience. What I want to do is start covering some questions. That we may not have covered and go back here. and to our Q&amp;A section Okay instead of here. Okay, let's set up here.

Okay, lots of questions. Hold on one second start at the top. So is this audience directory bonus the same as the audience and tensification reference on a sale page? And yeah, that's the that's the same one. Carry.

How do we determine a starting budget minimum? I think I cover that year more if I haven't covered it. Let me know. And for a super-year-old URL targeting do we get do we get the login URL to put it as URL Target? Absolutely.

Yeah, but that's the goal is to Target that the URL that people are lugging into whether it's a membership area whether it's a software whether it's a tool whatever the case is typically using the login knows that it's it's for members of that. So we're nearly targeting the buyers of that URL like click funnels users Infusionsoft users and so on and so forth. I never heard about all these targeting before literally man. You're making me crazy. I want to drive a huge about it's good.

And when you enter URL, does Google let you know if it's targetable or not. And could you do a comparison videos to their to the users? For example, why click ones user leaving this platform? I mean you could do. Like it'd be an interesting video to do if you want to if you had an offer that was different to click phones or I had an offer for the click phones code.

You could absolutely do that and it's like essentially what Google does and again their data on this is a little bit it isn't hard and fast, but they used it. They use that URL to find people who are if there's people visiting that URL but then also people who are similar to people who are visiting that URL so it's not just going to be everyone who's just visiting that URL. It's gonna google it gonna create audiences using Google analytics to really kind of hone in as much as possible and sometimes it works like absolute crazy. Sometimes it doesn't but the reality is yeah, you could absolutely do a video like that regardless, of course. What is the best keyword tool to use for YouTube advertising which provides the most things as part of above and beyond keywords.

I would say keyword tool that I owe is the best one and it's I think it's 67 or 97 dollars per month depending on what plan you're on if you're going to be using a lot of keywords and a lot of you need to do a lot of keyword research and you want to like really go in on this I'd probably recommend keyword tool that I all As As I'm as my my top one. And can we bring the donation for NGO by running YouTube ads? I I'm I'm not sure on that Brad. I'd have to double check. I know some ad accounts have they don't donation for Google ads?

I'm not sure for the price for YouTube about you have to double check that there's one type of funnel work better on YouTube like for yourself long form. Let us be yourself. Sure from Etc right now. We're getting a lot of a lot of insane results driving from video to simple opt-in to like a via cell or long form sales page. They're working extremely.

Well right now our webinar for that matter and Driving directly from ad to purchase is a little bit more difficult and especially at the beginning stage because there can be that betting in Period and that dialing in Period where we need to dial in our CPA and everything else. But right now like I said driving to either register for webinar sign up for something and download something or opt into watch a vsl or something that is working like working extremely extremely well did to do when you start a campaign you create one ad for each angle. I let the data tell you which works you pick which one angle you try first. No, so we use all five because we don't know so that's a really good question Guillermo because you might have an opinion to hook one might work best like the tourist pleasure. I might think that the away from Pain might work best.

The reality is or our opinions. Don't matter. What matters is what the market tells us. So that's why we run five all at once and sometimes Google will have preference over one over the other and we'll start to show the majority of spend towards the one that it thinks works best and more often than not I'm fine with that because they have a billion dollar AI in algorithm. I don't I just have my opinion.

So if they're focusing the Lion Share spend towards one that we think or that they think is working best. I'm fine with that. Sometimes the other ones don't get in learning Impressions. So we might do in our optimization. We're in our in our testing is Isolate your creatives that maybe haven't got as much spend into either their own Ada group or into their own campaign just to see how to performing against the one that Google has chosen as their favorite.

And it's her place to get an idea of what is currently costing on average acquire leads per industry. I don't know if there is I mean there may be a resource out there. I can tell you based on what we're finding right now in the digital marketing. I am space with YouTube. We're probably looking at around 8 to 12 dollars per lead and in the mortgage related space and really stay related space we might be in and around that wage a little bit higher in the like brick and mortar off offline space if it's like a high value product or service and maybe a little bit higher in financial space right now.

We're paying anywhere from four to six to eight dollars per lead. Sometimes better and in like b2c broad market like health wealth and relationship type spaces where we're typically seen leads a little bit lower than that, but it could be anywhere from three to seven to eight dollars, but these ranges it really just depend on how good the actual offer is and everything else. Like I said if you're offer and what you're offering people isn't strong enough. Your cost per lead is going to be so much higher than what other people are paying because your offers just not strong enough. That makes sense.

So is the recommended butcher per campaign or per ad group what happens if I have five different campaigns under an ad group? So basically it's basically the recommend a budget per campaign. So if you're five campaigns, you're gonna have a bunch of free to one of those campaigns. So if you have to put you to run all five campaigns, please do you'll you'll have a better chance to to find your winners. If you don't choose the ones that we highly recommend the most maybe you can only do one or two and do one or two that that's fine.

Sorry, I got Kerry said the screen is very I'm sorry about that. I'll make sure we get him we get a proper version of that free and so for Real Estate so we can choose City for a location as that too small. No, you absolutely can and well like the reality is whatever your target market size is your target market size and there's no need to be choosing a tag American larger just to get a larger target market size because they're not in your target market tonight in your target America so you can absolutely choose City here. when you when you answer questions, can you please reassure the screen for campaign for please and Scott? Let me see.

Can you just clarify what you mean by that? It's going to go back here. Did you mean this screen Scott? Oh, my thing is moving all of this. topics and Why wouldn't layering provide a more targeted Prospect and better place to start example in Market plus keyword Scott.

They the reality is that our train of taught war was around 6 to 12 months ago that it would and what we've seen from running campaigns is that we've seen and More volume at pretty much similar results in the audience only campaigns and the keywords only campaigns before like if you were to ask me six to 12 months ago. My priority campaign will be audience plus keywords. But what we're finding is that it does give you a more targeted Prospect, but the the volume of those prospects is kind of brought down a little bit because it's based on someone who's In Their audience searching at that moment in time. Versus someone being in the audience and watching anything on YouTube to still in that audience. So while it does give you an extra layer of targeting we found that the results especially in the last six to 12 months, we've just met this shift in the last six to twelve months that we found at the we were getting pretty much similar results as in we were still hitting our CPA targets by just having audience only which is why we just use audience only but that's a great question.

Um, how long do you let campaign run without adjustments before deciding and so like I mentioned I think I mentioned in terms of how we optimize twice weekly, but one thing that we do at the beginning is we give it at least At least three to five days at a very very beginning typically sometimes our campaigns can struggle to get impressions immediately. If that's the case, we may like relaunch them again from scratch. But if they're not getting Impressions, we like if they're getting Impressions. We typically leave them for three to five days and the amount of budget you have on the campaign does just determine how quickly you can go in and take a look at things. The reality is in the first couple of days the results are going to be poor anyways, because Google is finding its feet base and everything all the information you've fed.

And remember we've given a lot of variables when we're setting up our campaign. So to think that Google and can just spit out results like immediately. He's gonna take a bit of time. Yes, we can get our ads created and we can get our campaigns like create and and sometimes we come out of the gate flying but more often than not it does take two or three days. So we have to We have to be mindful of that.

and can you go deeper into when it does and doesn't make sense for the optional early call to on their 30 section yet. That's a good question Curry. So where it makes sense is? typically where it makes sense is where injury introduction into in the intro Authority Section where we introduce ourselves and we might mention the fact that we have a webinar coming up a training on a particular thing. So if we enter you sort training earlier on in our video so say for example, hi, my name is Zuli and since 2001.

I've helped over 10,000 stock Traders trade properly using order flow stacking and in a new training I'm gonna show you how to do it as well. Click the link below to register now and you can get full details. And then I go into the the teach portion says because the reason why order flow stacking works, so well is because blah blah blah blah blah blah blah and that's the kind of teach the teach portion there in that section and then we have our call to action at the end. So sometimes it's it can be fluid in adding it in there. Sometimes it makes sense.

Sometimes it doesn't If you when you're putting together your script you feel it makes sense to include it include it if you if you're when you're reading back your script, it comes across. Strange, they don't include it like it's like it's optional. Sometimes we include it. Sometimes we don't. Um, I think that covers all of the questions.

Thanks so much for the questions guys. Thanks for so much for staying on for so long as well. I know we've run over massively and I have a call in three minutes that I have to do and that are so so I have a call with a client actually in three minutes so I'm gonna have to jump but hopefully this was useful for you hopefully was benefit. There's gonna be a lot of bonuses coming with the workshop. I wanted to pour as much into you as possible.

I really appreciate you taking the time to attend. I really appreciate you taking the time to stay on for so long. I do want to cover wrap up what a couple of things which is at the end of the day. What all of this boils down to and something to remember is that it comes down to Matt? How much am I paying per lead?

How much am I paying per customer? And then how much is that lead worth to you? How much is that customer worth you and then we want to focus on making why much larger than x over your ideal time period T and like heavily optimize sin offers as Todd talks about and heavy area aov optimization. Makes media buying so much easier, which is why your offer and the economics of your offer is so important and obviously we couldn't cover that today because it's not the focus of this training it Focus this training was on YouTube and I hope you've got a ton of value out of it. I hope it was super useful.
