---
title: "evergreen_webinar_1_-_edited.mp4 (1080p).mp4"
date: 2023-12-07
duration: 1h 29m
duration_seconds: 5384
vimeo_id: 892286411
folder: "Rev Uploads"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# evergreen_webinar_1_-_edited.mp4 (1080p).mp4

**Date:** 2023-12-07 | **Duration:** 1h 29m | **Folder:** Rev Uploads

---

Hey guys, I'd like to welcome you to this online workshop about building wealth with God for the right reasons. And this may sound like a bold claim, but I believe if you'll give me 40 minutes, it'll actually change your life. If you'll gimme 90 minutes, it'll change the financial trajectory of your life forever. So here's what I want you to do. I want you to encourage you to just get a blank sheet of paper.

You're gonna need it for an exercise we're gonna do in about 40 minutes, maybe another sheet of paper to take some notes, and you know, just turn off all the distractions, put your phone on silent, close out the other windows, and it's gonna be good. So can we just start off with an admission here? There has been bad teaching on finances in the Church in the past, right? But there's also been bad teaching on heaven, and I still plan on going there. There's been bad teaching on grace, and yet I still plan on receiving it every single day.

So yeah, I know there's been excesses with the name it and claim it, and blab it and grab it, and sow a Toyota to reap a Ferrari, and all sorts of gimmicks and foolishness. But listen guys, fear of error is not a reason to ignore the truth. If you're ignoring the truth, you're already in error. So let's start off looking at my definition of prosperity. I'd love to know what you think about this, is you have no financial debt, and you have more than enough money to fulfill every divine assignment God has for you, and enough left over to help others fulfill theirs.

Let me say it again, you have no financial debt, and you have more than enough money to fulfill every divine assignment God has for you, and enough leftover to help others fulfill theirs. Now we're gonna expand on this here in a little bit, but there's a lot of people that are teaching you that God wants you to prosper, and I believe that's true if you're doing it for the right reasons. But not many people are teaching you how to prosper, and so I'm the guy that wants to teach you how to prosper. So in case we've never met, let me introduce myself here. My name is Jim Baker and yes, I know I have the name of a famous televangelist, but I'm Jim Baker with one K and no Tammy Faye, all right?

I've been married to my wife for over 27 years and we have three amazing boys, and I'm also the pastor of Zion Christian Fellowship. It's a church in Columbus, Ohio, the hungriest group of believers I know of. I say that we're a terrorist training camp to destroy the works of the devil. I'm also the author of a book called "How Heaven Invades Your Finances", and I will have to say it is the best book on finances that I've ever written, and also the only one. I've also been an investor for about 20 years, mostly in real estate and business, but also in the stock market for the last 10 years, and I'm also the founder of Wealth with God, which is a company that helps Kingdom-minded believers who wanna use their money to shape the course of world history without building a golden calf.

So let me tell you a little bit how I got into this. It's kind of my little backstory here. But in 2008 we started leading the church in Columbus, Ohio, and we started seeing some awesome breakthroughs in healing. I'm talking about deaf ears opening up, blind eyes opening up, people getting outta wheelchairs. We've had over a dozen people raised from the dead.

I wish I could sit here and tell you all those stories. Thank goodness none of them died during our church service. We're not having like an Ananias and Sapphira ministry, that's coming again. We've had people with cerebral palsy, we've had two cases of mental retardation healed, autism healed, schizoaffective disorder healed, HIV, people with metal in their bodies, like holding their their neck together with bolts and rods, and completely disappear, get all their movement back. And so we're just seeing yay God stuff.

And I'm talking about, we're seeing this in Columbus, Ohio. We've got African miracles, but I don't know about you, I'm jealous to see it work in the home team, right? And so have it work on the home turf. And so right in the middle of it, it's just going on, this all out ballistic assault going after healing, I felt like the Lord said, "Jim, I want you to go after finances the way you went after healing." This is about 2011. I'm like, "Seriously God, health and wealth with the name Jim Baker?" Like, is there anything more offensive than that, right?

And so I took about a year, and I read about a hundred books on finances. I meditated on the scriptures, I don't even know how many sermons I listened to. And at the end of that I ended up doing an 18-part series on finances. Now I normally wouldn't do it that much, but I didn't even plan on it. But that's what ended up happening, which I soon found out was the most offensive thing a pastor named Jim Baker could do, preach on finances from September through about March, and here's what happened.

As a result of just people getting their heart conditions right, aligning their finances with God, about 25% of our church got completely outta debt within 12 months, many of them including their mortgages on their homes. Like, "Jim, how could this happen?" Well, here's what the Bible says in 3 John 2, that you prosper as your soul prospers. Here's the thing guys, for Kingdom finances, it always starts as an inside job. You know, God wants you to become the kind of person who can carry the weight of blessing without it crushing you, right? So when you don't have much money, you need to draw close to God to find out what He wants you to do with what you have.

When you have a whole bunch of money, you need to draw close to God to find out what He wants you to do with what you have. You see, it's the same thing. Money's just another way to be intimate with Jesus, that's what makes the whole thing fun. And so our church has continued to see outrageous, you know, breakthroughs in jobs and better jobs, raises and bonuses, benefits, sales and commissions, favorable settlements, witty ideas, business inventions, real estate deals, just yay God things, putting it towards the Kingdom. And so we've been able to do some awesome things.

So let's look at that definition of prosperity again, and let's see how we can help you. If you have no financial debt and you have more than enough money to fulfill every divine assignment God has for you, and enough leftover to help others fulfill theirs. Now guys, I want you to look at this definition. Prosperity doesn't mean that every Christian's gonna be a zillionaire. What it does mean is you're gonna have finances in proportion to your assignment.

So if you're a farmer in Uganda, your finances are gonna look different than someone who's called to reach the Hollywood elite. You're like, "Well Jim, which one's better?" Well, neither one's better. It's whatever you you're called to do. The idea is we stay in our lane, and God's gonna give us the provision for our vision. Guys, God would be cruel and unjust if he gave you gifts and talents and dreams and visions and a destiny, and then just pulled back the provision to watch you squander.

He'd actually be a liar, because He said His name is provider. What does provider mean? He's gonna give you the provision for your vision, for your life. He wants you to be able to fund your life mission, and make your greatest impact. So if you're abundance, if you're Joseph in prison, it isn't having the finest palace on the hill or the best chariot in the land.

It's the emotional health and the wellbeing and the favor that got him appointed as head of the the other prisoners. Joseph stayed in his lane, and God gave him the provision for his vision. I like this picture here. Picture this, if God can get money through you, he can get money to you, and there'll be plenty left over for you. I want you guys to see in that picture you are that hose, and the resources are that water that's flowing through you.

And here's the good news guys, the inside of a hose gets wet, okay? When the priority of your finances is on God and other people, God will take better care of you on accident than you can take care of yourself on purpose. And like I said, there'll be plenty left over for you, the inside of a hose gets wet, and the good news guys, is his name is El Shaddai, it's not El Cheapo. God doesn't mind meeting your needs in style, He just doesn't want you giving your heart over to pursuing style, okay? So I grew up in a church that gave a million dollars a year to missions.

My wife grew up in a different church that gave a million dollars a year to missions. We would often hear stories that went like this. There'd be a family, they're out on the mission field, they're completely broke, they've got no resources and they've got no food. And so they would sit at the table by faith. They would set the table by faith, they would put a plate, the knife and the forks, knowing that they had no food.

They would sit at the dinner table as a family, they would hold hands and pray, and believe in God. And all of a sudden (knocking) there'd be a knock at the door, and they would answer the door, and then all of a sudden there'd be bags full of groceries, and God had miraculously provided for their needs. How many of you guys have heard a story like that? You know, of supernatural provision? We need those stories, but here's what we need even more than those stories.

We need people like you that God's raising up to be Kingdom wealth builders, who have the resources to meet the need, and the ability to from hear from God on where to deploy those resources. Here's what I'm talking about when I use the phrase Kingdom wealth builder, I'm talking about someone who's turning their dollars into soldiers to accomplish Kingdom purposes. I really like that definition. You're turning your dollars into soldiers to accomplish Kingdom purposes. Now listen, like I said, I understand that there's been bad teaching in the past on prosperity and finances, but there's also been bad teaching on heaven, and I still plan on going there.

Are we still on the same page? So guys, if the enemy can keep you sick and poor, he's gonna severely limit your destiny. And so what are the two doctrines that have been fought against the most in the past 30 years? Probably healing and finances, that health and wealth gospel. Well, I got some good news for you.

Jesus didn't die for this sickness and poverty gospel. There is no prosperity gospel, but the gospel of the Kingdom includes prosperity. You're like, "Jim, what are you talking about?" Well, how did the curse of poverty come on the Earth? It came with thorns and thistles, and the sweat of their brow. What did Jesus take on the cross?

He took thorns and thistles on his brow, and he sweat and shed blood to break the curse of poverty. Jesus said, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me. He's anointed me to preach good news to the poor. Open the blind eyes, set the captives free." What was the negative condition? Captivity.

What was the positive solution? He set them free. Blindness, what was the solution? Open the eyes. What was the solution to poverty?

"The spirit of the Lord has anointed me to preach good news to the poor." Good news, the gospel, the solution to poverty is actually the gospel. Somehow the gospel has the seeds in it, contained in it, to pull you out of poverty. So guys, get this in your heart. God would no more rather have you in poverty than He would have you in adultery. He paid for you to come out of both.

We're gonna continue to look at this a little more, but I just want you guys to get this. There is no prosperity gospel, but the gospel prospers, prospers you on the inside and has you have more than enough. And so there's definitely some errors when it came to teaching on finances, and the errors typically showed up in one of two ways, okay? So the first error said this, "Poverty is a spiritual value." You know, it's good to be poor. You know, it keeps you humble.

You know, it's spiritual to be in poverty and lack. Now how many guys have heard that before, right? Here's my question is, if poverty is so spiritual, why does the Bible tell us to give to the poor? Wouldn't that just ruin their spirituality? I'll tell you what, here's what I know.

One of the poorest ways to help the poor is to be poor. Now let me say that again, one of the poorest ways to help the poor is to be poor. And so no one needs to feel bad about their current circumstances. What we need to do is we need to raise our eyes to see, what did Jesus pay for? I can tell you this guys, I don't know about you, has anyone besides me ever been broke that's listening to this, right?

Anyone who's ever been broke will tell you in the King James English, it stinketh. There is nothing in the Bible that says poverty is a good thing, you know, it's good to be in lack. Like there's no one that says, nowhere in the Bible does it say that poverty is a blessing from the Lord. Here's what I do know, you can be broke and not be poor. Broke is a temporary financial condition, but poverty is a lens that only sees meager possibilities.

And let me tell you this guys, when you only see meager possibilities, that limits God's ability to be involved in your finances, okay? Prosperity starts with who you have, not what you have. Boy, that's really good news. Prosperity starts with who you have, not what you have. And here's the thing, guys, God's called each one of us to be stewards of the money He's provided.

You know what that means? You're gonna have to have something to steward. Religion says if you get something nice, you gotta give it away. You get something nice, you gotta give it away. Listen, you're gonna see, I believe in generosity, okay?

But everything in the Bible that gets stewarded, multiplies and increases. That's how you know you're stewarding it. Okay guys, if it's so good to be poor, why does the Bible say this? Why does it say that, "The Lord blessed Isaac so that he became rich and continued to grow richer until he became very wealthy." Notice it wasn't Satan who made him wealthy, it was the Lord who made him wealthy. If poverty is so spiritual, why are we told to pray, "Your Kingdom come, Your will be done, on earth as it is in heaven." I tell you what guys, there's no poverty in heaven.

There's no recession in heaven. There's no 30,000 year mortgages on the mansions in heaven, right? God has abundance, the enemy has a budget, okay? If money's so bad for us, why doesn't Satan just pour it on Christians and watch them backslide into hell, right? The more money, the quicker they backslide.

If money's so bad, why did Satan take it away from Job? Why at the end of the Book of Job did God reward Job with the double portion? Why is the good man the one who leaves an inheritance to his children's children? I'll tell you what, I love this verse. "But seek first the Kingdom of God and his righteousness." I'll tell you what, every religious person on the planet loves the person who seeks first the Kingdom of God.

But when the second part of that verse happens, and all these things will be added to you, I'll tell you what, religion begins to question that. So what are all these things? Well in the context, it's the material possessions that accomplish your destiny, the food, the shelter, the clothing. I'll tell you what, religion has no problem with someone who's a million dollars in debt getting out of debt. But if they go a million dollars in the positive, religion's gonna be having a whole bunch of questions for you, okay?

So the first error is saying that poverty's spiritual, it's good to be poor, it's more spiritual to be more poor, right? And so, but the second error is equally as perverted. Here's the second error, it says this, that your spirituality is measured by the size of your house or how much money you make or what you own, and so this is a pretty common one too. It's kind of a reaction to it. But you see, material possessions are not a sign of God's blessing unless they are, right?

There's actually times in the Bible where someone's material possessions in their life was directly tied to their relationship with God. Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph, Solomon, David, God was the direct cause of their blessing. So this means it's not your job to be the prosperity police, trying to figure out who's got too much, who's getting greedy, who's prospering too great, right? You don't get to judge another man's harvest when you don't know what kinda seed they planted. So let me ask you a question.

I think this is a powerful question. How much money is too much money? Did you ever think about that? How much money is too much money? Here's my answer, it's whatever amount replaces trust in God.

Whatever amount replaces trust in God. I'll tell you, some people, they get a hundred bucks in their pocket, they forget there's a God in heaven. Other people, a hundred million dollars wouldn't even move them because their heart's so anchored in the invisible realm. So here's what I'm trying to say, loving God doesn't mean you have to be broke, and having money doesn't necessarily mean you're godly. Just ask the mafia, right?

Here's the deal with money, a lot of people don't like that, but this is the truth here. Money is to the natural realm what the anointing is to the spiritual realm, it's a way to make things happen. Let me say that again. Money is to the natural realm what the anointing is to the spiritual realm, it's a way to make things happen. So you guys, you gotta get this view of Kingdom finances.

Money's just a tool, okay? If I went over to your house, you wouldn't take me into your garage and be like, "Oh Jim, the Lord's been so good to us. Look at our shovel collection." You know the kids bedazzled the handle of this one, this one's got a platinum handle. Like nobody's like getting excited and puffed up and bragging about their shovel collection, 'cause a shovel is a tool to accomplish a purpose. So we gotta get this view of Kingdom finances.

It's just a tool to accomplish a purpose. We can't get our self worth from our net worth, right? Money's a tool to accomplish a purpose, so what are we doing? We're turning those dollars into soldiers to accomplish Kingdom purposes. Part of that's to provide for your needs.

God wants you to enjoy the goodness of God with God. 1 Timothy 6, one of the only instructions to the rich in the New Testament, is he says, you know, don't get puffed up. Don't trust in riches, yeah, that's good advice. Be rich in good deeds. And he says this, "For God's given you all things richly to enjoy." It's okay for you to enjoy the goodness of God with God, it's just not our heart's pursuit, right?

But part of that is to take some of our finances and to be a blessing to other people. Now I hope you've got your shouting shoes on, 'cause I've got some OMG level good news for you, okay? I'm about to read you something outta 2 Corinthians 9, but let me set the context. 2 Corinthians, chapter eight and nine, two whole chapters on finances and giving, okay? So that's the context of this.

With that said, here's what it says. "And God is able to make a little bit of grace squirt out to you if you're good enough." Nope, no, that's not what it says. It says, "God is able to make all grace." Let me look at you for a second. When He calls it a grace, this means it's paid for on the cross. Remember I said God would no more rather have you in poverty than he would have you in adultery, He paid for you to come out of both?

That's what I'm talking about here. He paid for it as a grace on the cross, okay? And so, "God is able to make all grace abound to you, so that having all sufficiency in all things," I'm sorry, "having all sufficiency in all things at all times, you may abound in every good work." I don't know about you, do you think the Holy Spirit was in a good mood when He wrote that verse? Guys, if this verse isn't true, then John 3:16's not true. And so true prosperity is about having more than enough to abound in every good work.

What's that mean? Here it is in plain English. God wants your finances to grow to the point that anytime there's a need that comes across your path and your heart is moved to meet that need, you have a stream of income to meet that need. Now listen guys, I've worked with Christians long enough. I know what some of you guys are saying.

"Well Jim, I don't believe I'll ever get there." Well, here's what I wanna say to that. Thank you for admitting your unbelief. You're gonna need to get rid of it before you get very far. Guys, here's the truth, is there's no way for you to know your true financial potential once God gets involved. What if you were to take the attitude, "You know what?

My finances may be a little bit of a mess right now, but I'm going on an adventure with God." What if you made trusting God the most enjoyable thing ever? Guys, I've seen single moms who didn't know how they're gonna feed their kids, $40,000 in debt, within 12 months, get completely outta debt, build a six-figure cleaning business, was one single mom, had thousands of dollars extra each month, multiple employees, she broke her ankle and her foot actually grew. I mean her foot actually grew, her business actually grew, while she was laid up in the hospital. Like, how on earth does that happen? She's like, "I don't see myself as an entrepreneur." God put his super on her natural.

Anytime you hear a testimony, here's what it is, it's a legal precedent. Revelation 19:10 says, "The spirit of prophecy is the testimony of Jesus." Anytime you hear a testimony of what God does, it's prophesying, He wants to do it again. He's giving us insight into what He's actually like. And so because He is no respecter of persons, if He'll do something like that for one person, he'll do it for another, okay? So one of the biggest problems that people have with teaching on prosperity comes from belief that prosperity is selfish.

I've got some good news for you, guys. Prosperity is not selfish, 'cause it's not all about you. Real prosperity is defined by how much we give away, not how much we keep for ourselves. Here's another way of saying that. Prosperity is about blessing, not possessing, right?

So let me ask you a question here. If you had more money, could you make more impact? Like seriously, I'm gonna answer that question. If you had more money, could you make more impact? It's like, of course I could, right?

So I like to look at it like this. Oops, I had the wrong question up there, didn't I? All right, here we go. If you had more money, could you make more impact? Here's where I believe, more money equals more impact, right?

More money equals more impact. Prosperity is not about toys and trinkets, it's about influence and impact. And so can we just flip this thing on its head? It's actually selfish for you to not desire prosperity. Hold on Jim, could you say that again?

It's actually selfish for you to not desire prosperity. Let me ask you a question. What if prosperity isn't optional? What if being blessed is actually required? See, when God only provides for your needs, the world lacks a revelation of an abundant father.

They're never gonna know what Dad's really like. And so David gives us his prayer in the Psalms to get this whole thing straightened out. He says this prayer. "May God be gracious to us and bless us, and make His face to shine upon us," here's the result of this, "that Your way may be known on earth, Your saving power among all nations." Look at that, guys. I don't know about you, that sounds like revival to me.

And so people lack an awareness of what God's really like. They lack a knowledge of the goodness of God, so our attitude needs to be, "God, put Your hand of blessing on me, so people will see what You're like. God, they're not gonna know what You're like unless they see Your blessing in favor upon me." I believe one of the most underrated tools for ministering to our world is having a blessed life. Your marriage just works. You've got peace in the middle of difficult circumstances.

Your kids actually wanna hang out with you, even though they're old enough, not have to. You've got more than enough resources to fulfill every divine assignment God has for you, and enough left over to help others fulfill theirs, okay? So here's the deal guys, you cannot be a big giver if you don't have a big abundance to give from, right? You can't fill somebody else's cup if your pitcher is empty. And so again, nobody needs to feel bad about their current circumstances, but we need to raise our eyes up and see, what does the Bible actually say about prosperity?

I know what some of you're thinking. "Well Jim, I don't know. This sounds to me like a bless me club." Well, like I said, Jesus didn't die for a curse me club, and just, what's the problem with Christians getting more blessed? We're blessed to be a blessing. So you know what happens when we're more blessed?

We become a bigger blessing, right? And so in order to be a blessing, wait for it, wait for it, you first must be blessed, right? I know what some of you are thinking, you're thinking, "Well Jim, I just want enough to provide for me and my family." Oh, that sounds so spiritual, but I just wanna say, you are so selfish for having that attitude. You're like, "Jim, what? How could I be selfish for that?" Let me translate that for you, okay?

That's the spirit of stupid and the spirit of poverty getting married and having a child together. "I just want enough to provide for me and my family." Here's the translation, "My needs are met. Who gives a rip about the rest of the world," right? And guys, when we only have our needs met, that makes us crippled to represent what God is like, and it makes us ineffective in being able to be a blessing to others. Margaret Thatcher, the former Prime Minister of England, she said this, "No one would've remembered the good Samaritan if he'd only had good intentions.

He had money as well." Again guys, you cannot be a big giver if you don't have a big abundance, right? If you cannot afford to go to the store, you cannot go into all the world. I like to say it like this, affluence is for influence, income is for impact, prosperity has a purpose. That kinda sums it up, doesn't it? Affluence is for influence, income is for impact, prosperity has a purpose.

Here's another thing I hear people say. "Well Jim, money can't buy happiness." How many of you guys have heard this, money can't buy happiness? Well, neither can poverty. Poverty can't buy anything, right? People who say money can't buy happiness, they just simply haven't given enough of it away.

Let me say that again. People who say money can't buy happiness, they just simply haven't given enough of it away. I'll tell you what, I've watched it buy happiness over and over again. Our church does a lotta stuff with rescuing girls coming outta human trafficking. I remember there was a lady named Lattice, and she was a sex trafficking victim.

She was selling her body to pay for her drug habit, got off of the drugs, and here's what she, when she came to us, she's eight months pregnant, has nothing but the clothes on her back and her cell phone, okay? And I tell you what, it took money to rent her an apartment, and to rent the moving truck, and to get the furniture donated, and to get the baby clothes and the baby formula, and to get her food, and to get her back on her feet, and to get her whole again. I'll tell you what, she was happy. I watched her, she was happy as she came to know the Lord and watched her life get put back together and get water baptized, and she was happy. I remember one time I was sitting at my desk and there's a knock at the door.

There's a young man and he's selling cable TV. And so I'm not really in the mood to hear for, so I'm kinda gently shutting the door in his face, right? And you know, good salesmen, they're trained with those like one-liner, you know, overcome your objections. And so actually he gives me one of those. I'm like, "All right, that's actually pretty good." So I invite him in, I'm gonna buy cable TV from him.

And as he's in my house, I'm like, "Hold on, I'm gonna tell this guy about Jesus. He's on my turf here." And so I started telling him some healing testimonies. He said, "Listen, I don't believe in God." I said, "That's okay, God believes in you." I said, "Do you have any pain in your body?" It wasn't a word of knowledge, it was just kinda fishing. And he says, "Well actually I was a Muay Thai kickboxer." He says, "My jaw's come unhinged and I've got carpal tunnels in both arms." He had braces on both arms. And so I said, "All right, why don't you take the braces off?

Let's pray and see if something happens." And so we pray, and the pain and stiffness is leaving his body to the point he recognizes God's doing something. I don't remember that He got totally healed, but there's enough happening, now he's crying. And so he opens up his life and starts telling me a story. And so he says, "You know, I'm married to this girl." I'm sorry, "I'm living with this girl, and her sister was a prostitute. She sold her body for heroin.

She just overdosed and died this week. And she has two kids, now we're gonna have to raise those kids," and he says, "I don't even know how we're gonna pay for the funeral." So I said, as I'm sitting there, I felt like the Lord said, "Jim, go write the check." So I said, "Well, how much money do you need for the funeral?" So he told me, I go in the other room, write the check, give it to him. Now he's really crying, he says, "Why are you doing this?" I said, "Listen, I'm just trying to show you how God feels about you." So we exchanged numbers and after he left, I told my wife, I said, "I feel like I'm supposed to, like go, just support him at the funeral." So I text him like, "Hey bro, would this be weird if I came? You know, I just wanna support you." He's like, "No, I'd love to have you." And so I don't know how it works at your church, but in our movement, like pastors don't get dressed up a lot. And so we got one suit and two ties.

We got the funeral tie and the wedding tie. So I show up in my funeral tie, and not trying to like stereotype, but it was a pretty rough-looking crowd there. There was a lotta hostility. It was like the former baby mamas and the former baby daddies are on opposite sides, and now they're with opposite people, different people, and they're yelling back and forth and it looks like there's about to be a fist fight. So I'm kinda slinking down in the back, you know, 'cause I'm not very tough.

And so, you know, my best weapon in a fist fight's probably, you know, headbutts to the fist, you know, wear down their knuckles with my face. So I'm kinda slinking down, and they're kinda getting a little worried. And then this big dude comes up to me, and he's like, "Hey, are you that guy who helped with the funeral?" I'm like, "Yes sir," you know? I'm like, "Oh lord, you know, receive my spirit here I come," you know? And all of a sudden his eyes well up with tears and he's like, "Man, I've never heard anything like that before, that's pretty cool." I was like, "Oh, okay good." So I'm sitting up a little taller, feeling a little bit better.

And the guy who's selling cable sees me, he says, "Hey everybody, that's my pastor." I'm like, "Your pastor? You didn't even believe in God two days ago. What are you talking about here," right? This is no lie, the two kids that he's now gonna raise, when they hear who I am, I've never met them before. They run up in my lap and call me Uncle Jim.

Now what on earth is going on there? I'll tell you, Proverbs 25 tells you exactly what's going on. The context of this verse is an unbeliever, "Your surprising generosity will awaken his conscience and God will reward you with favor." That is powerful, your surprising generosity can actually awaken the conscience of an unbeliever. Now listen guys, nobody's saying that the money can buy you divine joy and peace, but here's what money can do. It can help you spread the gospel.

It can help you feed the poor, and plant churches, and dig wells overseas, and start hospitals, and rescue girls coming outta human trafficking, shelter the homeless, and it can help you pay for the funeral of somebody who needed to know that God was real and that He loved him. Like I said, guys, it should be obvious. If you cannot afford to go to the store, you cannot afford to go into all the world, okay? So here's the key. Let's look at the key to this whole thing, and here's what I wanna do.

This is gonna be, I'm gonna break off the number one reason why Christians aren't prospering. This is the number one reason why Christians are struggling with money, and we're gonna go after it. So you guys ready for this? "No one can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and mammon." Now some of your Bible translations may say God and money, but you'll see there's a little footnote there and it'll say that the word money there is actually the Aramaic word mammon, right?

So here's the question is, what is mammon? So mammon was the demon God of Syria whose name meant the power of riches. So Jesus, the master teacher, He sets up, "Listen, you can either give your heart over to the one true God, or there's this spiritual influence behind money." So here's what mammon does, you ready for this? Mammon tries to get you to look to the money the way you're supposed to look to the one true God. Like, "Hold on Jim, what are you talking about?" So let's say that when you have more money in your checking account, you feel more significant and more secure.

That's the spirit of mammon, because your significance and your security is supposed to come from God himself. So do you see how sneaky this thing is? So money uses deception, right? And so mammon tries to get you to look to money the way you're supposed to look to the one true God. Here's what I wanna do, I wanna read some popular Bible verses, but here's what they sound like when the spirit of mammon twists them.

Okay, ready? Bible verses when mammon twists them. Where does my help come from? My help comes from money, when I've got enough of it. Money is my shepherd, I shall not be in want.

Money is an ever-present help in time of need. Money gives me the peace that passes understanding. My money shall supply all my needs. A day in the mall is better than thousands elsewhere, right? And so behind mammon is this great lie.

Like you know God, you know God cares for those super saints, and he takes care of those all-star missionaries. But you're not one of those all-stars. You're not one of those super saints. You need to spend a whole bunch of time worrying and fretting about money. Here's the truth guys, you don't need more money.

You need to understand the King and his Kingdom better, okay? Because mammon it's gonna always, it's gonna be two sides of the same coin. One side is fear, there's not enough. And the other side is greed, there's not enough. But the message is personal, there's not enough for you, okay?

So what's it look like to serve? It says, "You cannot serve God and mammon." What's it look like to serve mammon or worship mammon? So here's the very next verse. "Therefore I tell you, do not be anxious about your life, what you will eat or what you will drink, nor about your body, what you will put on. Is not life more than food, and the body more than clothing?" Hope you guys got your seat belts on.

You guys ready for this? Anxiety and worry are to the spirit of mammon, what praise and worship are to the one true God. Let me say that again. Anxiety and worry are to the spirit of mammon, what praise and worship are to the one true God. Literally the way that you worship the spirit of mammon is by being fearful and anxious about money.

When you're worried about money, you're literally bowing your knee to a lesser God. So you guys, fear is faith in the devil. Fear is a form of atheism, 'cause it's imagining a future without God. Faith is imagining your future with God. So I got some good news for you.

God's already in your future. He's gonna be there when you get there, so you don't need to worry. Listen guys, God's supernatural cannot flow into fear and worry. Let me say that again, God's supernatural cannot flow into fear and worry. You don't need more money, you need a greater relationship with the source.

Here's a powerful principle here. Now you guys remember the Old Testament? The Old Testament prophets had it pretty rough. Do you guys remember that? Isaiah walked around naked for three years.

I'm like, "I don't even take my shirt off at the pool anymore." Last time I did, there was some threats of some lawsuits from the retinal damage caused from the glare spots coming off my body, 'cause it was so white. Hosea had to marry a prostitute named Gomer. I'm like, "Dude, her name was Gomer. You should have known things are about to go horribly wrong." Ezekiel had to cook his food over his own dung. Now that's probably hilarious when you're in junior high, but when you're an adult, that's disgusting, right?

So you can see why, you know, why the Church has been a nonprofit organization for so long, right? And so remember Elijah, God's like, "Elijah, I want you to prophesy a famine." He's like, "I love prophesying famines. I'm an Old Testament prophet." "In the land that you're living in." I'm sure he's like, "Lord, couldn't it be, like the Amorites, the termites, the cellulites, the parasites?" "No Elijah, in the land that you're living in." He's like, "Don't worry, I want you to go down to the brook chair. I got a sweet resource to provision for you there. The Amazon, now ravens are gonna be bringing you food.

The special delivery's gonna be awesome," and everything's going good until the brook dries up. Now, what do most Christians do when the brook dries up? They start freaking out. "This isn't working, God's forsaken me." I want you guys to get this. Don't confuse the source with the resource.

Man, this is powerful. Don't confuse the source with the resource. The source is God himself, and that never changes. The resource changes many times in your life. Let me say that again.

Don't confuse the source with the resource. The source is God himself, that will never change. But your resource of provision can change many times in your life. And maybe it's your job, your 401k, your pension, your social security, your parents. Maybe it used to be your parents, maybe it still is, no judgment here.

Whatever that is, the resource of provision can change many times in your life, but the source never changes. And every time the channel of provision changed in Elijah's life, here's the very next verse. "And the word of the Lord came to Elijah." So some of you, you're listening to this and your resource of provision has changed. Your brook is dried up, so what do you need to do? You need to get the word of the Lord.

So God says, "Elijah, I want you to go to the city of Zarephath and find a widow there." I'm sure Elijah was like, "Lord, did you say window? Like some type of window of blessing?" "No, Elijah, she's a widow." "Lord, is widow like the last name of like a Boaz-type person?" "No Elijah, she's a widow." So why is this so unusual? Well, because there wasn't like a lot of female entrepreneurs on "Shark Tank" in the ancient near East. Her resource of provision was her husband, and then they dried up, and so you remember the story. And so he finds this widow, and she's digging through the rubble, trying to find enough sticks to start a fire.

That ain't a good sign in your new resource of provision. And so at this point, Elijah asked her for some food. She's like, "Listen, it's a bad time. I got a little bit of flour, I got a little bit of oil. We're gonna make one last cake that we might eat of it, and then we might die." How many of you guys know, that's not a good mighty faith declaration from your new resource of provision, right?

And so at this point I'm expecting Elijah to take up an offering for this widow, like find some people of means in the city and help her out. And Elijah does take up an offering, for himself. You guys remember this? Elijah says, "Bake me a cake as fast as you can. Bake me a cake and bring it that I might eat of it." Now can you guys just see the newspaper headlines?

"Prophet of God takes last meal from widow," right? Now, why is he doing this? Okay, what is going on here? What was she trusting in? She was trusting in a little bit of flour, and a little bit of oil, and Elijah knew that the spirit of mammon's already captured her heart.

Elijah knew though, if he could get her eyes off of the resource and onto the source, supernatural provision could flow into her life. I want you guys to get this. Here's the lesson that we need to get, that this widow needed to get too. I want you to maybe just, if it's not gonna look like you're crazy, just say this out loud. "Nobody can take better care of me than Dad." Let's personalize it.

"Nobody can take better care of me than Dad." Listen guys, neither Elijah nor God were after her flour and oil, but God wanted to be her source. And it always starts with what's in your hand. And when she released it back to God, God could put his super on her natural. And that we know the story, the oil lasted supernaturally and met all of her needs. So mammon puts this deep fear in your heart that God's not gonna take care of you, but God's trying to get your eyes off of the resource onto the source, okay?

So let's look at the next verse here. "Look at the birds of the air. They neither sow nor reap nor gather into barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not of more value than they?" Here's the powerful principle, guys. Provision comes to you because God loves you more than birds, right?

Have you seen any birds having an anxiety attack lately? No, but we sure have seen some Christians with that, right? They're panicking, they're freaking out. And so how do most Christians try to get their needs met? And so look at the birds, "They neither sow nor reap, nor gather into barns." Most Christians are trying to get their needs met through sowing and reaping or hoarding.

"Well Jim, if you got a need, sow a seed." Just 'cause it rhymes doesn't mean it supersedes scriptures. I'd be a terrible parent if my kids thought they had to perform in order for me to provide. My kids when they were small, they went to school and they said, "Dad, I gave away 10% of my sandwich at lunch, can I have dinner?" I'd be a terrible father. And yet so many people think if they don't tithe, that God's gonna send the devourer to eat their crops. It's like you're paying hush money to the mafia, so that Guido doesn't come break your kneecaps.

I got some good news for you. He's God the Father, not the Godfather. You're not under an old covenant anymore. So we need to get that gun away from your head, so that you can enjoy giving and receiving. Paul said in Philippians, "I want you to enjoy the ministry of giving and receiving." So many Christians are tithing with a gun to their head, and it's benefiting them nothing.

Now in the Bible, see, the world says, "Show me the money." God says, "Show me the motive." And in 1 Corinthians 13:3, "If you give away all your possessions, and your body to be burned by the flames, if you have not loved it profits you nothing." So so many Christians are trying to, you move the divine slot machine's handle, the divine slot machine of heaven, is get it to line up just the right way, if they can just sow the right seed in this offering, and that's not how you get your needs met. Sowing and reaping is to increase your harvest of righteousness, according to 2 Corinthians 9, Which means that when we give, we don't give to get, we give to get so we can give away even more. Our harvest of righteousness is our ability to be generous. So we don't sow and reap to get our needs met. We also don't hoard.

And he says, "Look at the birds of the air. They neither sow nor reap nor gather into barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not of more value than they?" 'Cause I want you to get this deep down in your heart. Nobody can take better care of you than Dad. You can actually step into financial freedom today.

You don't have to wait until there's a certain number of zeros after your bank account. When you recognize it, you can turn your finances over to God. "Nobody can take better care of me than Dad." Then you're gonna break off the spirit of mammon, and you're gonna have God as your provider. See, a lot of people have made Jesus Lord and Savior, but they haven't trusted him as their provider. So here's what I wanna do.

Remember I said if you gimme 40 minutes, it'll change your life? I don't know how long it's been. It's probably been close to that. If you gimme 40 minutes to change your life, then here's what I wanna do. I wanna break the spirit of mammon off your heart, and then I wanna kinda do a second part of this, and I wanna teach you how to actually build wealth, if you just gimme a few more minutes on that.

And so here's what I want you to do. Remember I told you to get out a blank sheet of paper? Get out that blank sheet of paper, hit pause if you need to go grab one, and get the blank sheet of paper. Here's what I want you to do. I want you to ask the Holy Spirit a question.

"Holy Spirit, what am I worried about that you don't want me to worry about?" That's a powerful question. "Holy Spirit, what am I worried about that you don't want me to worry about?" And I want you to do, is just take about 30 seconds between you and the Lord, and I want you to write down whatever answer he gives you. You may have more than one answer. We're gonna do something with this in just a second. So I'll see you in 30 seconds.

"Holy Spirit, what am I worried about that you don't want me to worry about?" If you need more time, just hit pause, but here's what I wanna do. There's a verse in 1 Peter 5:7. It says, "Cast your cares upon Jesus. because He cares for you." Guys, I've done this exercise with thousands of different people, and we've had people just get unbelievable breakthrough. We've had people almost have, like a deliverance where they feel free.

One guy, he hadn't slept through the night in five years, he was so stressed out about money. He's been sleeping wonderfully ever since then. Got completely free. People just begin to get things happening. See, when you have the spirit of mammon, it's like having an umbrella over your finances, and God's blessings want to rain down on you, but they can't touch your life, 'cause it's supernatural.

It can't flow into fear and worry. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna remove that umbrella so that you can experience what's always been in God's heart and what Jesus already paid for. So we're gonna cast your cares upon Jesus, and here's how we're gonna do it, is we're gonna pray a prayer. We're gonna renounce the spirit of mammon. We're gonna do a tear offering.

Now, I know that there's no tear offering, and it wasn't one of the five offerings of Leviticus, but just kinda as a symbol, we're going to sever that tie with the spirit of mammon. And I tell you what, that sound of that tearing is gonna be a sweet sound up in heaven of people getting free, okay? So let's pray this prayer, and maybe you wanna just put your hand over your heart. I don't know if it'll help you with something like that, but maybe just pray this prayer, something like this. God, I'm done with the spirit of mammon.

You can just repeat it after me. God, I'm done with the spirit of mammon. I'm done worrying about money. I'm done stressing out about money. Forgive me for worrying.

I'm asking you for grace for my finances, not because I deserve it, but because Jesus paid for it. And so I renounce that spirit of mammon. I'm done looking at money as my source. You are my source, and nobody can take better care of me than Dad. Here's what I wanna do, on the count of three, now that we've renounced the spirit of mammon, and given it over to Him, on the count of three I want you to tear that piece of paper up, okay ready?

One, two, three. (paper tearing) Man, just be free, just enjoy that. Here's what I wanna do. Let's make some declarations over that. Maybe that's something new to you, but declarations are simply a way of taking our faith and putting our words to it.

Our words are a way to release faith, okay? And so let's look at this first one here. So I'm gonna say it and then you repeat it after me. "God wants me to prosper." Now guys, I want you to notice the me is capitalized. I want you to make these personal.

I want you to just repeat them like a robot. We're attaching our fate to these things. A lot of them are just gonna be quotes of scripture. Okay, you guys ready? Let's do it again.

"God wants ME to prosper. I expect opportunities and favor. In every area of my life, I live in abundance. I am blessed and I'm a blessing. Blessings come upon me and overtake me." You ever been driving in your little car, and a big truck passes you by, and you kinda get that whoosh?

That's that picture being overtaken, okay? So let's say that again with that picture in mind. "Blessings come upon me and overtake me. I am a magnet for blessings. The blessing of the Lord makes me rich and adds no sorrow to it." That's right out of the Psalms.

"All my debt is paid in full in Jesus' name. I have the power to create wealth in order to establish God's covenant on earth." That's Deuteronomy 8. "I am a conduit for what God wants to do in this world." And one more time, "Nobody can take better care of me than Dad." Isn't that powerful? So I think it was about 41 minutes, so we did pretty good there. But guys, learning to partner with God is the foundation for supernatural finances.

And here's what I know, you can't build a skyscraper on an outhouse foundation. The depth and width of the foundation determines the height of the building. And I want you to build a high skyscraper for your finances so you can have influence and impact, so you can make more money to make more impact. Remember, you know it's not about toys and trinkets, it's about influence and impact. And so here's what I wanna do, is I want to, is I wanna kinda go after, how do you actually build wealth with God?

Because I think if you're building anything on a foundation other than that trust in God, having Him as your provider, it's sinking sand, right? And so that's why I wanted to lay that foundation, but now let's kinda get into some more practical things. And so as a pastor, I understand money can be difficult, right? I've been speaking, I've been a pastor for over 25 years, been traveling, speaking at different churches. I've spoken to thousands of different people on the subject of wealth, and here's what I know, is people who wanna be more generous and have better experiences with their family, make more impact and be outta debt and all those things, they're gonna face two major obstacles, okay?

And these two major obstacles, they just keep financial freedom out of reach, right? And so that vision that you have, those things that are in your heart, it just seems out of reach, and it's almost hard to have hope. So you're like, "Jim, what are those two obstacles," okay? I'm gonna spend the rest of time talking about those two obstacles. And before I tell you, I want you to hear the kinda statements that I hear Christians make on a regular basis.

I'm gonna see if you can identify with any of these, okay? And so I get kinda emotional about these, 'cause a lot of these were me most of my life all right? So here's some of these things. Maybe you've made these statements. "I'm so tired of living paycheck to paycheck," right?

"There has to be more to Kingdom finances than just tithes and offerings." "I don't even know where to begin," maybe that's where some of you're at right now. "I don't know how or what to invest in, and I'm afraid of losing money." "I'm starting too late." Some of you feel like you're way behind. "It feels like nothing will ever change in my finances." "I feel like I should be farther along." You relating to any of these? "I'm not providing for my family the way I want to." "I don't know if I'll ever get out of debt, I feel like a slave to it." I felt like that for at least two decades in my marriage. "I feel like I'm living in survival mode.

It's hard to even dream about more." "I wish my spouse could stay home with the kids, but they have to work." I think I got that one reversed. "I wish my spouse could stay home with the kids, but they have to work." And here's the last one. "I'm afraid I won't have enough in retirement," okay? So if you've had one or more of these thoughts, then I got some good news for you. God's got some solutions for this, all right?

So let's go through these here, and I really wanna help you with this. I wanna help you go through this. So why do so many Christians struggle with money? I believe that there's two major reasons. So once you break off the spirit of mammon, let's look at the number one reason why Christians struggle with money once mammon's gone.

Let's do this, so that's the Bible saying, "My people perish for a lack of," what? Let's go ahead and fill in that blank there. People perish for lack of money? Nope, no, that's not it. My people perish for a lack of time?

Nope. Lack of faith? No. "My people perish for a lack of knowledge," right? Now, lots of people may not think that's the answer, but look at all those statements that I made.

"I think it's too late, I'm tired of living paycheck to paycheck. I don't know if I'll ever get outta debt." If you go back to all those statements, what's the root of all those things? It's a lack of knowledge. The lack of knowledge about God, or how money works, or how investing works, and they don't know what God's really like, and who He wants to be for you. And so here's some good news.

There's 95% of us who were never taught these things. And here's the good things, money is learnable, money's predictable, okay? I'm not blaming anyone. People just, you know, they teach the knowledge that they have. And so most Christians, you aren't taught anything about finances other than tithes and offerings, right?

And here's the thing guys, there's more to Kingdom finances than just tithes and offerings. Let me make a radical statement, you'll probably be shocked that a pastor's making. You will not build wealth through tithes and offerings alone, but you will not build wealth with God without generosity. It's the truth, guys. You know, people who love God with all their heart, soul, mind and strength, that have been tithing faithfully for years and are still living paycheck to paycheck, and have very little in savings.

I'm not trying to be mean or anything, giving's a part of it, it's just only part of the equation, okay? And so maybe you grew up in a family that told you, "Go to school, get a job," you know, just kinda do the traditional things, and if you do the things that everyone else is doing, you're gonna get the results they're doing. And only about 5% of people ever achieve financial freedom, okay? Let me make this statement. The difference between financial mediocrity and financial abundance is financial knowledge, okay?

Having the knowledge and wisdom of what to do with God, okay? It's interesting, the only people who heard, "Well done, good and faithful servant," before they died were investors. Remember the parable, the talents and the Minas, the ones who took their master's money and invested it and increased it, they got told, "Well done, good and faithful servant." Remember the parable of the talents, a talent wasn't like the ability to play drums, it's the amount of money. So let's just say the one guy got a thousand bucks and the guy got 2000, other guy got 5,000. Ever wondered, why did they get different amounts of money?

Okay, here's the very next verse that says, "They were rewarded according to their ability." What is their ability? It's their financial knowledge. It's their financial intelligence. You see that, that financial knowledge acts as a ceiling that limits the growth of your finances. So if you want to be trusted with a greater amount of resources for the Kingdom's Kingdom, you're gonna have to learn how to steward finances and get some financial knowledge, get some financial increase.

So when it comes to money, there's two paths, okay? There's the path of earned income, or the path of passive income, okay? These are two completely different ways that money comes into your life. In other words, you can work for money or money can work for you, right? On one path you get paid for only what you do, and then the other path you get paid no matter what you do, right?

Are you getting this? And so here's the truth, guys. "If you don't find a way to make money while you sleep, you'll have to work until you die." That's a quote from Warren Buffett. "If you don't find a way to make money while you sleep, you'll have to work until you die." So let me give you my definition of financial freedom, okay? Financial freedom is when the income from your investments is greater than your living expenses, that's powerful.

When the income from your investments is greater than your living expenses, what happens? You don't have to ask money for permission to obey God or do what's in your heart. That's what we're going after. When the income from your investments is greater than your living expenses, you don't have to ask the money for permission to obey God or do what's in your heart, right? It's about being able to finance your life mission with passive income.

And here's the deal, guys, that kind of passive income, it doesn't happen by accident. No one's, just drifts into financial abundance. People are like, "Well, I just hope it happens." Well, I hope it does too, but hope is not a financial strategy, okay? So the number one reason why Christians aren't prospering is they lack the knowledge. They don't know how to have their money make money.

Here's the number two reason, okay? The number two reason why Christians struggle with money, and, "It's been said that if you don't know where you're going, then any path will get you there," right? And that's kind of a discouraging saying, but the opposite is equally as true. Here's the encouraging part. If you know where you're going, there's a best path for getting you there, okay?

And here's what I believe is the best path for getting there. I think it's the necessary starting point for reliably building wealth, ready for this? Your fastest path to passive income comes from designing your own personalized wealth MAP, which stands for Massive Action Plan, okay? Listen guys, no Super Bowl team goes into the Super Bowl without a game plan. They're not just like, "Hey, let's just go in there and be led by the spirit, and just see what plays we feel," like no.

No builder builds a house without a blueprint, right? No one walks up to a pile of two-by-fours with a hammer and just starts swinging away, and start building and just see how they feel led, no no, they do it. No long distance journey is taken without a map, okay? And so the goal of your wealth MAP, what this is, it's to get you on that positive life-changing path, to create passive income in the shortest amount of time. And here's what I know, is anyone can become completely financially free, where the income from your investments is greater than your living expenses in 12 to 15 years, with the right kind of principles.

They can do that without God. With God, I believe it can be done in 10 years or less. I'm not sure if you guys are hearing what I'm saying. I believe in 10 years or less, you can create that kind of complete financial freedom for outrageous generosity, so you can fund your life mission and make your greatest impact. You can have the provision for your vision from passive income, but that's not gonna just happen on accident, right?

It's not gonna be like, "Oh, this is great. Now that I hear this, this is just going to happen.: I like to look at it like this. Clarity plus action is greater than fuzzy. A lot of people are taking a lot of action, but it may not be the right action, right? So what you wanna do is you wanna have those dominoes lined up, make sure they're the right dominoes for your destiny, who God's called you to be, that's gonna actually take you there.

And so here's another way of looking at it. Your wealth MAP is kind of like a roadmap to drive you where you wanna go, right? It's kind of like a custom financial blueprint to build your financial house. And what I love about this is when you have it built on timeless biblical truths and proven financial principles, wealth becomes a matter of when, not if. I'm not sure if you just heard what I said.

When you have a plan that, fits who God's made you to be, and it's built on timeless biblical truths and proven financial principles, wealth becomes a matter of when, not if. It's like if I'll do X, then Y will happen. And it has to be custom-fitted to you because you're unique. You can't have these cookie cutter generic plans that are computer model simulations of just your risk tolerance and all these type of things. So here's another way of saying that.

"There are many paths to achieve wealth, but only one path will uniquely fit you," right? And so your personalized wealth MAP is kinda like your Kingdom wealth building game plan, and right? And so here's what that game plan, here's what that wealth MAP's gonna do for you. Again, I think I already said this, but you're gonna get crystal clear on the exact steps you need to take daily, so wealth becomes a matter of when, not if. And notice it's daily action, right?

I'm not saying like you have to work hours every day in it, but you're gonna have that clarity to know, "Here's what I'm supposed to be working on. Here's the order I'm supposed to be working on it on." And so you can't build a million dollar lifestyle on hundred dollar habits, and so this is gonna give you those actions that you need to do. So you're gonna get those dominoes lined up in the right order so you can knock them down one at a time. Here's what else is gonna do, it's gonna collapse time and generate 40 years worth of returns in 10 years or less. Like, "Hold on, how are you going to do this," okay?

Well, so there's proven financial principles of how to do this, remember I talked about that. One of them is to use the six forms of leverage. Leverage is how you shave 30 years off your retirement plan. Risk management, so you can make more by losing less. Tax advantages, 'cause it's not about how much you make, it's about how much you keep.

There's a three wealth path which has unique characteristics and different strategies within them, and here's the good news guys, there's a plan and a strategy that fits you. It's like gears, here's the characteristics of these wealth paths, which are real estate, paper assets and business, and the unique characteristic of your life, there's gonna be something that fits. Some of you may be older and you're behind on savings. Here's some good news, there's some wealth paths and strategies that are a perfect fit for you. Some of you are younger and you've got a lotta time, and you feel called to work a job, then there's some paths that fit you.

Whether you've got entrepreneur skills or you don't, whether you've got a whole bunch of money to start off with or you've got no money to start off. I got some good news, it's never too late. There's something that fits you, okay? When you manage risk with every, oops, I'm not even showing you these things. I thought I was showing them to you.

When you manage risk with every investment, you make more by losing less, okay? Anyone who's ever touched the hot stove investing a few times know that lost money is one of those killer things for you, right? And so my students, they think I'm a Nazi when it comes to risk management because I've lost over seven figures in investing. I've lost over a million dollars in different investments 'cause I didn't know how to, how to manage risk, I was over leveraged, I did it mostly through real estate. I bought into scams with Christian people who didn't know their head from their butt when it came to investing.

Listen guys, just 'cause it's a Christian investment, doesn't mean they know how to invest, and just because they say they're Christian doesn't mean they are. You're gonna need to learn how to manage risk, how to spot a scam. And I love the idea of you managing risk and not losing money, okay? And so I actually hinted at this a little bit, but you know, when you employ the six types of leverage, you get more done with less of your own resources, and you shave 30 years off your retirement plan. You guys remember I said passive income doesn't just happen?

Well this is how it happens, is when you have a plan built on timeless biblical truths and proven financial principles. You're like, "Well Jim, what if I don't have a wealth MAP? What if I'm just gonna kinda wing it?" Well with no plan, you're gonna spend a whole bunch of time and money worrying about money, like trying to figure out, "How am I gonna make this whole thing work?" But with a plan, you can spend your time pursuing your life, right? You're seeking vision, not provision, right? We don't chase after dollars, we're chasing after God.

So if you don't have a wealth MAP, you're gonna risk lots of frustration and wasted time, okay? Lots of frustration and wasted time. If you don't have a wealth MAP, you might be pursuing a path that doesn't fit with God's design for you. You know, you might be following some guru's path that worked for them, but it may not be God's path for you. If you don't have a wealth MAP, you could get stuck in the, where do I begin, or what should I do next syndrome.

See, a lot of people, they just get kinda paralyzed, right? And so maybe some of you kinda feel like that's where you're at. "I don't know where to do, I don't know where to start. I've been trying these different things and I don't," you know, all these things. So a wealth MAP's gonna knock you out of that.

So imagine what it would be like if, okay? Imagine what would be like if you never worried about finances again, because you could easily trust the Lord to provide for your family's needs. Remember, financial freedom starts when you turn your finances over to God, not when you have a certain number of zeros in your bank account. Imagine what it would be like if you were wealthy on the inside, believing in the fullness of God's ability to provide the resources, strength and wisdom to create positive outcomes in the midst of lack. What would it be like if you had a wealthy soul, a prosperous soul?

What if you had the financial intelligence to invest so that your money worked for you, so you no longer have to work for money? That's what we're talking about, that life-changing journey of going from earned income to passive income. And it doesn't just happen, but it can happen for anybody. Anybody can learn those skills, it's learnable, all right? Imagine what it be like if scarcity and deprivation were not a part of your life, because you moved from a budget to abundance.

So it's funny, I teach something called the unbudget budget, where you never have to budget again. Now are these people talking about, you know, "Budgeting is freedom," budgeting is handcuffs. Budgeting's terrible, anyone's ever budgeted, doesn't love it, right? So there's a better way to do it, that's what I'm trying to say. And so imagine if you had clear action steps to take towards wealth-building daily, so that your wealth was a matter of when, not if.

Now I've been saying imagine what it would be like if, and I don't wanna be silly, but here's some good news. You don't have to imagine anymore, okay? I put something together, and so how many of you would like to know, like, "Jim, how could we have this wealth MAP? How could we gain that financial intelligence? How could we become the kind of person who can carry the weight of blessing without it crushing you?" So I've got some good news, all of this is learnable.

And so I put something together that I think is gonna give you those accelerated results. And so here's what I'm calling it. I'm calling the Kingdom Wealth Builders Blueprint, the Kingdom Wealth Builders Blueprint, okay? And so this is a course, coaching, and community that's different than anything else you've had. Kingdom Wealth Builders isn't a finance course like all the others you may have taken, it's something different, there's nothing else out there.

I bought everything else out there. And this is what I've put together, and refined and refined over the years, so that it actually gives people breakthrough. It's actually a three-level transformation process that will change you, from you working for money, to money works for you and for the Kingdom. So I want you to think about, you work for money, versus money working for the Kingdom. Picture an apple orchard, okay?

An apple orchard, you live off the apples, you sell some of the apples, but you don't sell the tree and the land, right? And so that's that passive income are those apples. We're living off of those. Imagine a dairy farm with 500 cows. Don't imagine the smell.

And so you live off the milk and you sell the milk, but you don't sell the cow. If you sell the cow, someone gets a great meal, but you don't have any more passive income. You know, you wanna grow the golden goose so you can give away bigger golden eggs and live on bigger golden eggs. That's what we're talking about. We're talking about moving away from the traditional planning, which I call treasure chest planning, which is like, let's cram as much money, accumulate, accumulate, accumulate, put as much money in the treasure chest, as much money in your 401k, in your mutual funds, and your whatever.

And let's just put as much treasure in there, and then hope that you don't spend it all before you die. I'll tell you what guys, living off of your assets like that creates a scarcity mentality, but cashflow equals freedom. And so I'm gonna invite you to move into that apple orchard planning, where you know, where you can continue, or money keeps coming in, more and more, and so that you can give freely, so that you can live freely. So we're moving you from that, where you work for money to money works for you. So God is no respecter of persons, okay?

So this will work for you. So I want you to get in your heart what's possible here. And so Kingdom Wealth Builders, like I said, we're changing it. So here's what's inside once you become a member, okay? So the first thing is, like I said, there's those three levels of transformation.

You get step-by-step training so you can create the provision for your vision. That's what those three levels of transformation are gonna do for you. And so you can see it in this framework. Look at the framework there. See the top is, partner with God.

That's that first level of transformation. The second level there is a level two, increase your cash flow. This is where, I'm gonna talk about that here in a second. Then you're gonna learn how to invest to multiply, and you're like, "Jim, this seems a little bit much." Here's the good news guys, it literally takes you step by step. You're gonna learn how to partner with God.

We're gonna continue to build that foundation, 'cause you can't build a skyscraper on an outhouse foundation. Then we're gonna help you steward what's in your hand. We're gonna help you increase your cash flow. And once your finances are set up to increase, we're gonna teach you how to invest and multiply. How can you invest so that your money makes money?

All right, so let's look a little deeper at what this is. Let's look at that first level, partner with God. This is where you're gonna never worry about money again, as you experience God as your provider, that's powerful. Never experience worry again, 'cause you're experiencing God as your provider. Some other things, level one's gonna break off fear off your money, and align your finances with God.

You're gonna walk out of poverty, fear and lack. You're gonna learn how to attract wealth instead of pursuing it. It's a powerful thing. Wealth is attracted, it's not pursued. You see, the world pursues what the Kingdom attracts, and so I'm not talking about, you're sitting on the couch and these dollars start flooding in.

But all through the Proverbs teaches us how money is actually attracted. You're gonna learn how to remove the number one roadblock that keeps believers from prospering, and you're gonna discover the joy of giving and the reward of receiving. So we gotta get you into new covenant giving. So when you move into level two, that second level of transformation, you're gonna learn how to increase your cash flow. The average person increases their cash flow by 10% without deprivation or scarcity in 90 days, that's powerful.

Increase your cashflow by 10% without deprivation of scarcity in 90 days. Here's some other thing it's gonna do. It's gonna help you run your personal finances like a business, so you're gonna have everything organized and automated. You're gonna eliminate debt with the fastest path possible, and see what it looks like to have God involved in the process. Remember I told you about my church, that 25% of the church got completely outta debt, many of them including their homes, in 12 months or less.

How does that happen? Well, God put his super on the natural, and so we're gonna help you tap into that. You're gonna identify and solve the root causes of debt, rather than just hacking at the byproducts. A lot of people are like, "Well, should I transfer this credit card? You know, a 0% interest rate." Here's the truth guys, most debt is a personal problem masquerading as a financial problem.

So we gotta get those things healed. So it's like plugging those leaks for good, all right? You're gonna never have to budget again by using the unbudget budget. Can somebody say amen to that? That's worth the price of the course alone right there, okay?

Freedom. And now you're gonna learn how to think and behave like an investor and not like a consumer, okay? So that's powerful, but then you're gonna move into level three. So you got that first level of transformation, you're partnering with God. The second level, you're increasing your cash flow, your finances are being run smoothly, you're paying off debt quickly.

But then you're gonna learn how to turn your personal finances into a cash flow machine, and shave 30 years off your retirement plan. Where it's a cash flow machine, that's where you're moving from earned income to passive income. That's where you're moving towards, you're gonna have a clear map on how you're going to actually have the income from your investments greater than your living expenses. So, you don't have to ask some money for permission to obey God or do what's in your heart. That's what we're talking about here.

And also, of course in level three, you're gonna create that complete plan to create the provision for your vision, as well as the financial intelligence you need to implement it, now this is powerful. And so another thing you're gonna do in level three, you're gonna understand in a deep level the wealth-building process, at how it actually works in the Kingdom, so you're no longer dependent on others to do the investing for you. No more giving a man a fish, you will know how to fish. Here's my promise to you, is when you come outta level three, you're gonna know more than 95% of financial advisors about wealth building. And it's actually not that difficult, 'cause most of them are just selling you products.

I'm not against advisors, but see, you can delegate authority, but you can't delegate responsibility. You're still responsible to know about those investments. And a lotta people, they would rather just have someone else steward their resources rather than learn how to do it themselves. So you're gonna learn how to do it yourself. You're gonna learn how to keep more of the wealth that you've built, right?

Because it's not about how much you make, it's how much you keep, that's those tax advantages. You're gonna become an expert at risk management in your investments, so you can make more by losing less. This is powerful. You're gonna work less, make more, and overcome obstacles that limit your success, that's part of the leverage parts, and reverse engineer your plan into actionable steps. Now you'll have signposts to measure your progress and accountability, so that your wealth becomes a matter of when and not if, okay?

So that's the Kingdom Wealth Builders blueprint. So what's inside, like, "Jim, what's inside?" And so listen guys, what you're gonna have, is you're gonna have everything that you're gonna need to create complete financial freedom for that passive income, for outrageous generosity in 10 years or less, okay? So let's go through the inside of it, what it looks like here. So yeah, the Kingdom Wealth Builders multimedia training library, so this is our step-by-step videos. They're in small, bite-sized chunks so that you can, they're videos or you can do them in PDF transcripts, so you don't get carpal tunnel trying to take all the notes, right?

Or you can just listen to them on audio. And so they've got the whole multimedia library there, but these are our bite-sized chunks to take you step by step, through learning how to partner with God, learning how to increase your cash flow, and learning how to invest and multiply. So literally, just by the time you're through it, you will have gained the intelligence, you'll have the changes on the inside, and you have your wealth MAP complete, ready to line up those dominoes. So that's the Kingdom Wealth Builders library. Here's another thing you get, you get live mentoring and momentum calls with me.

This is powerful, live mentoring and momentum calls with me. And so here's what I know, is that one of the number one factors for success for people is having a mentor and a coach. So for me, when I wanted to learn how to play table tennis better, I got a coach. When I wanna learn how to do public speaking better, I got a coach. Some of you are like, "Well Jim, it didn't help much." Oh, but before I did, I couldn't even read bible verses out loud without having a panic attack.

Anytime a college professor would call on a student, I would drop the class, because I couldn't even get words out. And so mentoring is my way of helping you fill in any of those knowledge gaps. "My people perish for lack of knowledge." And so any questions about course material, about how to apply it, or your unique situation in walking out your wealth path, you know, we got a lotta people like, "Hey, I'm in this scenario. What should I do?" Man, it's nice to never have to walk that journey alone. But we actually went to another level.

You're not gonna just have me as your mentor every single week. And you're like, "Well Jim, what if I can't make the group calls on Zoom? What if I can't make those?" Well, you can submit your question, and we post it up there and we timestamp it. So every week you can look, you can see your question, and you can go right there. So you always have a resource in never walking this journey alone.

We're gonna go beyond that though. We're also gonna get you coaches, coaching and connection calls. And so we have these multiple times a week for wherever you're at. If you want to go through it with a cohort, and kinda go through it a week at a time with people, if you wanna go through it at your own pace and just jump on a call when you need it. It's one thing to have the information, but if information's all we we needed, we'd all be skinny, rich, and happy, right?

You need transformation. And so what a coach is gonna do is, it's gonna help you take action on those things. 'Cause what happens is, people get stuck. People have these limiting beliefs. People, they don't know how to do things.

And so a lotta people love to just get on there for the community, I'll just be honest with you. They're very active in there, and encouraging each other. But it's fun just to hear other people's questions and how they get breakthrough. And so again, you're never gonna have to walk that journey alone. And so you never have to worry about getting stuck or falling behind, 'cause you've always got a team that has got your back on there, okay?

So besides the coach and connection calls, you're gonna get access to the private Kingdom Wealth Builders Facebook group. And so here's what I know guys, is transformation happens best in the soul of community. So this is where you're gonna get mega encouragement. We had 300 testimonies just in one month. And prayer requests, people are prophesying over each other, it is the most encouraging group you can be.

And man, you're gonna feel gratitude for never having to stand alone. And people are making lifelong friends, they're literally taking vacations together on here, and so I love that. Another thing you're gonna get is the Financial Freedom Fast Action Guides, because we wanted to move you from just being a hearer to a doer. So every single lesson, we're gonna give you a bite-sized chunk, and we're gonna give you a way to actually apply it in your life, so that you actually experience God in those things and not just hear about it. You know, truths that are never experienced are more like theory than truths, right?

And so we're gonna make sure you get those. You're gonna have recorded mentoring and momentum calls. And so for every single lesson, I did a call with about 200 people, and people tell me this is just as valuable as the lesson, 'cause it gives them a complete learning experience. And so it's like being a fly on the wall and watching other people get results, and it's fun because we've actually had people get physically healed watching replays of these calls. We've had people get baptized in the spirit, begin speaking in tongues, listening to replays of these calls.

And so all the calls are recorded every week, but these ones are kind of special calls. You're gonna get examples of wealth MAPs too, and so your Massive Action Plan, and so you don't have to start with a blank slate, and you can see these things. Here's the good news guys, is you get all this, you get lifetime access and lifetime updates, okay? You're like, "Hold on Jim, lifetime access to what?" You get lifetime access to the course, and lifetime access to me as your mentor, and to our coaches. I'm not sure you guys just heard that.

Like, I remember I paid $5,000 for eight weeks of coaching in a marketing program, okay? I paid $25,000 for one year of coaching for real estate. I paid $35,000 for one year of coaching in a marketing program. And so you get lifetime access to me as your mentor, and as your coach with this. And the lifetime access is good for you, your spouse, and any kids living in your house.

And so the Bible sees you and your spouse as one, so we're not gonna charge you as two, right? And so, and we believe in generational wealth. We want your ceiling to be your kids' floor. So if you've got kids outside the house, they'll need their own membership, but I think that's really powerful. Another thing you're gonna get, is we're gonna give you some more bonuses to really help you, you know, really build these things quickly.

So we have something called the Find the $1000 in a Week challenge, okay? This is crazy, the Find the $1000 in a Week challenge. And so what I did is I came up with seven categories of your finances, and I help you look at them, I give you a lens, I give you scripts. The average person finds $1,330 hiding in their finances. I'm not talking about you gotta go sell a couch, sell a kidney, sell the kids.

Like, we're not talking about selling anything. We're talking about optimizing what you currently have. I've had hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people say, "I don't have anything. There's no way I could find any extra money." The average person finds $1,330 hiding in their current finances. I pulled just one little testimony, I thought this was funny.

"I started off two days ago in the Find the $1000 in a Week challenge. I found 3783 in annual savings, Canadian dollars, that's 2962 in US dollars. Woo-hoo, I'm above average," right? So that's the Find the $1000 in a Week challenge. And again, I give you, it's kinda like a separate little thing.

I give you seven different categories of your finances to go with, and I give you a scripts to look at, and different questions to ask, and it's a lotta fun. But you're gonna have to take a few minutes to do it each day, or you could do it all in one day if you wanted to do it, but that's a lotta fun. Okay, another thing you're gonna get, is you're gonna get the "How to Own Your Own Home in 10 Years or Less Without Making Any Extra Payments". I'm not sure if you guys heard that, but this is kinda like a little mini course, and to learn the game-changing strategy to eliminate 20 years worth of mortgage payments. I haven't seen anyone else crack the code on this here, but I've seen a lotta things like, "You can pay off your home in a short amount of time," but it always involves making extra payments, this doesn't.

And so, man, this alone is, I promise you, worth the the price of the course. And so another bonus you're gonna get is "Kingdom Business Startup Zero to Cash Flow". And so this is a hands-on workshop. The number one reason why businesses fail, is they're building products nobody wants to buy. So ever watch "Shark Tank", what do they say?

Like, "How many sales do you have?" You know, people are like, "Oh, I put in $200,000. I put in my whole life savings." "How many sales have you got?" "Seven." You don't wanna be that person who spent years pursuing a product that nobody wants to buy. So I teach you this game-changing strategy called bootstrapping, where you go from idea to income, to get paying customers before you even build a product. You're like, "Jim, it's impossible." No, it actually works in every single industry. And so you don't have to build a business to build wealth, but there'll be some people who do, okay?

So there's also real estate, there's also paper investing where you can, boy, I'm gonna teach you, in the paper investing part, I'm gonna teach you how to run your finances like a casino and not like a gambler. Most Christians, most people don't understand the difference between investing and gambling. And so the reason a casino wins, is 'cause the math behind it wins. There's a statistical validity that if you play roulette enough times, you're gonna lose all your money. And so the house may take some losses, but the house is gonna win, and win big over time.

So I teach you how do you run your personal portfolio like a casino. You may have some losses at times, but you're gonna win, and you're gonna win big over time, because of the math behind it, the statistical validity behind it. And so you can win in inflation, deflation, stagflation, recession, dollar collapse. You can actually win in any economy. It's a game-changing strategy for that.

And so here's what you get. Let's just kinda do a little recap here. You get the Kingdom Wealth Builders multimedia training library, the momentum calls with me every single week, and the group calls over Zoom. You get the coaching connection calls, the group calls over Zoom, multiple times a week for both of those. The Wealth Builders Facebook group, the action guides, the mentoring and momentum calls that are recorded.

The examples of the wealth MAPs, the Find $1000 a week challenge, the Own Your Own Home in 10 Years or Less. Kingdom business startups, zero to cash flow. You can get access to members-only events. I would put this at a value of over $9,000, okay? I really would, especially I mean yeah, when you look at all you're getting, especially just for the coaching alone, it probably is worth that.

And so at $9500, if All Kingdom Wealth Builders Blueprint did for you was to provide a clear and actionable path to financial freedom in 10 years or less, would it be worth it? Well, I would say yes guys, because man, if you have an accelerated path to become financially free, where you're building that passive income, where you don't have to ask money for permission to obey God or do what's in your heart, right? So that you can create the provision for your vision, and you're doing it the right way with God, man, that's super valuable. If all Kingdom Wealth Builders Blueprint did for you was increase your portfolio's average return by a single percentage point, over the course of 10, 20, or 30 years, would it be worth it? Boy, and sometime I'll take the time and just show you what a one or two percentage rate can do over 10, 20, 30 years.

We're talking tens of thousands of dollars, and so many of our students are getting much more than that. They're averaging double-digit returns consistently, and so, super game changer. I don't wanna get into the technicalities. I could nerd out on you here, though. And so, if all Kingdom Wealth Builders Blueprint did for you was to partner with God in natural and supernatural ways, so you can leave a legacy of godliness and impact your children and grandchildren, would it be worth it?

I tell you what guys, I think that's what a lot of us are after here. We're not after the toys and trinkets. We wanna make generational impact, okay? And so here's the good news is, when you enroll in Kingdom Wealth Builders, it's not gonna cost you the normal price of $1,500, okay? And so listen, every consultant I've talked to says, "Jim, this is a $5000 course.

You can't offer that much coaching, that much mentoring, and all this stuff." And I said, "Yeah, I do believe it's worth $5,000. But you know, we'd cut out the very people I'm trying to reach, most people can't afford $5,000." And so our normal price is $1,500, but because you took the time, you went through this webinar, we're gonna give a special price. So it's not $1,500, today you're gonna get access to all that stuff I told you for one payment of 997, you get a cash discount for 997, or you can do six payments of 197. And I want you guys to think about that, okay? I want you to think about, if you just had one mistake avoided or one smarter decision, it could pay for your investment in the course 10 X, a hundred X, or a thousand X, okay?

If you put two or more of the skills and resources to work for you, there's almost no way you won't benefit, okay? So there's gonna be a link below that you can click on, if you wanna find out more about it, but I'm gonna keep talking a little bit more about it, because I haven't even got to everything yet. As a surprise bonus, everyone who joins the one-time investment of 997, you're gonna get two free tickets to our in-person Wealth With God Big Event. It's at my church in Columbus, Ohio, it's every fall, and so you get the details on that. And now, here's the thing guys, you don't even have to say yes today.

All you have to say is maybe, and that's because you can put the entire Kingdom Wealth Builders Blueprint risk free. You can test it out. And so when you enroll your whole, your entire investment in the course, I don't see it as a cost. I see it as investing in yourself, because you're good soil. This is investing in your future, it's protected by two 100% money back guarantees, okay?

So here's the first one, it's a pretty standard one. The first one is your 30-day money back guarantee. So you enroll, you get immediate access to everything, level one, two, and three. Everything, all the videos, all the community, all the coaching, whether you do the 997 or the 197, you get immediate access to the entire course, coaching, community, all the bonuses. And you either feel like this was the best investment you've made into creating a provision for your vision, or we'll refund the purchase price, okay?

But here's the second guarantee. I haven't seen anybody do this. Our second guarantee is, you have 365 days to get results, okay? So after you pass your initial 30 days of being blown away by learning how to partner with God, increase your cash flow, invest and multiply, to going from earned income to passive income, you're gonna have an additional 11 months to put the training into action. So you either see positive results in your finances, or I'll refund the purchase price of the course.

You just simply have to show us that you've done the work. Here's the deal guys, no one has ever taken us up on that guarantee. 'Cause if you do the work, you'll get the results. So don't go in with a refund mentality, go in all in. "I'm gonna get the breakthrough that God wants me to have." But this is protection, this is so, that I'm taking all the risk, so that you can feel safe about this thing, okay?

So here's what that means. The entire course, coaching, community, all the bonuses, the direct weekly access with me, plus the two guarantees, they're priced less than one hour of my one-on-one coaching, okay? Now, would you agree with me that that is an insane amount of value, okay? And so if you're feeling like, "Jim, this would massively accelerate, this is gonna help me create the provision for my vision quicker. I'm gonna get there farther, faster.

I'm gonna be able to learn the things that 95% of the people were never taught to do." Like, "Jim, I wanna do that apple orchard planning, I wanna have my money make money," then yeah, just click the link below, and enroll in Kingdom Wealth Builders Blueprint, and you can either get put on the path to financial freedom or it costs you nothing, right? Here's what you need to understand, guys. It's a limited time offer. I like to work with action takers, all right? And so Kingdom Wealth Builders, all the bonuses and that 30% discount, they're only available for five days.

Okay, after five days, the price goes back up to $1,500, and the Find $1000 in a Week bonus disappears, okay? I heard someone say it like this, "You are one decision away from a totally different life." And man, let that sink in. And I'm literally giving you an opportunity so that I'm taking all the risk. And so before we close this out, I got a couple more things for you. Before we close this out, I wanna give you a chance to hear from some of our students, and what they're saying about it.

We were probably living at about 110 to 120% of our income. And at that point in time, I had accumulated approximately $100,000 in credit card debt, and I was devastated, I didn't know what to do. Prior to quarantine, I was working one full-time job and three part-time jobs. I was exhausted, I was stressed out, financially frustrated. And then the quarantine hit, and I got laid off from all four jobs.

I was looking for something to improve my finances, and just looking for a way to begin moving forward. Literally, I was in a place where a couple years ago, I didn't even know how I was gonna pay my bills, how I was gonna pay my mortgage. This course came along, and that was one of my first $100,000 miracles that God brought into our lives. And at this point in time, I can honestly say that we have wiped out 100% of that debt. I myself, I can easily count $200,000 of unexplained, unexpected miracles from God in my circumstance, and I'm sure it's well closer to 300,000, or even more than that, and continually to grow.

I have paid off three of my debts. I have become more spiritually connected. I've made new friends all around the world. It has been such a blessing to me. I just put in notice to my full-time job that I'll be retiring as of October 2nd, and starting a business idea that came to me during the level one course.

And I just feel like the course with Jim has given me the support, the actual biblical background and the spiritual background to be able to build all those things and grow forward. I can say that during this course, my husband gave his heart to the Lord, which is like, amazing. And so within a six-month period, I went from not knowing how I was gonna do, support two kids as a single mom, to hiring my first employee in my business, to quadrupling my business in three months. I'm getting ready to hire again this summer. That will put me on track financially, that my business will be well over a six-figure business.

So good, and just remember guys, a testimony is just a legal precedent, you know, as in what God will do for one, He'll do for another. And we've got hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of these stories. And so here's the deal, guys. Now it's time for you to decide, right? You got one of two choices, and here's the reality.

If you choose nothing, then nothing changes, right? Guys, if you choose nothing, nothing changes. You're on a trajectory, and something's gonna have to come in and change that, that trajectory, for it to change. And so man, I know this will work for you. Actually, I've guaranteed it, right?

So you can do nothing, right? Or you can choose to get 100% committed and do something about it, right? You can do something about it. And so if you already know you want to fund your life mission and make your greatest impact, I believe the choice is obvious. You're like, "Jim, I wanna fund my life mission with passive income," then I would encourage you, join us inside.

If you're feeling a pull in your heart to do this, just act on it. I've got guarantees to protect you, right? You can go check me out on YouTube. Our church is Zion Christian Fellowship on YouTube. You can listen to my sermons, but you only got five days to get the discount, right?

And so you know, we have people from the chorus that come and visit us every single Sunday. We have one family that drives five hours once or twice a month, they come from Louisville up to Columbus. And so yeah, that's what makes me a little bit different than some of those internet gurus is, you can actually come see me. I'm not just hiding out on the internet. But if you're feeling God on this, I encourage you, go in and go big.

You know, if you don't have the money, do the $1000 in a Week challenge and find it. If you don't have the money though, and you're nervous about it, go on an adventure with God. You know, this is your chance to say, "God, I'm feeling a pull towards this. How are you going to provide?" And we've watched God give people creative ideas. Some of them have sold things, they've worked extra shifts.

They've gotten different things and gotten creative. And again, I guarantee that it's going to change your finances if you do the work. Now, if you buy the course and just don't do anything, it's not gonna do anything for you. There's no magic to it there. But again, if you're ready, then go ahead and click the link below.

Especially, like I said, if you're feeling a pull towards it, go for it. But, your past with money does not prophesy your future with money, but you have to make a change. Something's gotta change in this. And so if you don't change with this course, then I encourage you to find something that you can do to change, because nothing changes if nothing changes. And one last thing guys, let me ask you a question.

Are you good soil, right? I believe you're worth investing in. I believe you are good soil. And so again, if you're feeling a pull on this, go for it. I'm taking all the risk on this.

I know this will get you a breakthrough, it will work if you work it. And a closing thought, affluence is for influence, income is for impact, prosperity has a purpose, all right? So click the link below to get that discounted price. You got five days, and let me just hit a couple of questions. So some of you're, you're good, you're ready to go, but some of you might have some questions.

Here's some ones we get kind of often. "Jim, I really wanna buy the course, but my spouse isn't too sure, what should I do?" Okay, and so we've seen a lot of people, I don't know if you heard Melanie's story on the testimonial, but her husband actually got saved as a result of hearing the course in the other room, and watching the change that happened in her life. The number one comment we get is, "I wish I'd have had this 20 years ago." I'm like, "Well yeah, I wish I did too, right?" But the number two comment is probably that, "This has completely changed our marriage. Where money used to be one of the most tense subjects, now are on the same page." So if your spouse isn't too sure about it, I encourage you guys go through, maybe go through the webinar together, this online workshop that you just watched. Maybe go through that together, maybe get them a little bit more of a feel for it.

But go ahead and join the course, you got 30 days. Go through some of the sessions together, watch it, get you on the same page. And what we've had happen with some people, is one spouse wants to do it, one doesn't. So the one who wants to do it, listen, God can prosper you if just one person will work it. 1 Corinthians 7 says that if an unbelieving spouse is married to a believing spouse, the believing spouse should stay, because it sanctifies their marriage and their children.

So man, just one person has an influence over the entire household. And so yeah, I encourage you, do a couple of the lessons together and just, and see what God does in your heart there, and just give God something to bless. So here's another question we get is, "Jim, I don't have the money right now." And so I kinda hinted at this before, but I think the $1000 in a Week challenge is pretty unique. That pays for the course in the first seven days. And so if you don't have the money, man, join the course, go all in in the seven day challenge, get the money, and then you can relax.

Just last week we had a lady who said, not only did she find $1000 a week, she found $1000 for every month. And so she found $12,000 in a week, and she was so excited about it. And so, I don't know the whole story, I just saw that testimony. But we have people over and over again, and again, this is your chance to go on an adventure with God. And so, "God, I'm feeling a pull on this, but hey, how are you gonna provide?" And so yeah, go on an adventure with him.

Another question is, "Jim, I don't know if I have time to do this right now. And so how much time is this going to take?" And, so that's a fair question. You know, if you can do two or three hours a week, you're gonna make meaningful progress. You know, most people take some six to nine months to get through the course, and you know, doing two or three hours a week. Some people do it faster, and it depends on how many coaching and mentoring calls you show up for.

But the most important thing is, just do the lesson, do the action guide. And if you need some support, we're there to hold your hand. But you'll get those breakthroughs just going through the lessons. And so you know, like, "I don't know if I have time to do this right now." Listen guys, time is made, it's not found, okay? And so anyone can carve out two or three hours in a week.

And if you can't, I'm just gonna be honest with you, I have to question whether or not, how serious you are about creating the provision for your vision. Maybe you just don't have a clear enough vision of why you want money, but discipline's simply remembering what's important. And if you have a clear why, why you want more money, you wanna create better experiences for your family, you wanna be able to be more generous, there's some problems that you wanna solve, there's some family members you want to help, there's some causes you want to give to. Whatever that might be, is when you have that really clear, and there we help you, you know, get that clarity if you don't have it, inside the course. But when you have that clarity, you're gonna make the time to do those things, okay?

I hear this sometimes, "Jim, I've been burned before by another course that over-promised and under-delivered." And I just say to that, I have too. I'm so sorry that you've gone through that. But here's the deal guys, is I'm giving you those guarantees so that you don't have to worry about that, okay? You got 30 days to be blown away, and after that you got 365 days if you'll just do the work. You're gonna get the results, okay?

And so another question people get is, "Hey, can't I just do this later?" And yeah, of course you can, but how much is it costing you to delay you learning how to partner with God, and really have him put his super on your natural? How much is it costing you to delay actually learning how to increase your cash flow by 10%? How much is it costing you to delay learning how to have your money make money, and get that wealth MAP lined up so you got all the dominoes? And so you can do it later, but of course it'll cost you more, more money, $500 more. But it's also costing a delay in you creating the provision for your vision.

So you can do it, but I just want you to look at the cost of waiting, okay? And another question we get is, "Investing sounds way too complicated, is this for me?" And so here's the good news, is investing can be learned, and it's not rocket surgery, okay? You don't need an MBA to learn how to invest, but there's just those proven financial principles and those timeless biblical truths. There's really five proven financial principles. You learn those things, that takes care of 95% of it.

And again, we give it to you in bite-sized chunks. We give you frameworks to make it easy. And so yeah, you can learn this. Everything seems complicated at first. Remember when you're learning how to tie your shoes?

It's like oh, you gotta make the rabbit ears, and the one rabbit chases around the tree, and that whole thing. And so everything seems complicated at first, but you can learn. Investing money is predictable, money's not mysterious. And you can learn how to do these things, especially when you find something that matches who God's made you to be, is one of the things we help you do. Final question here.

"I live in another country, will this work for me? I live in another country, will this work in my country?" So yeah, we have people in African countries. I think we're in like 14 or 17 different Latin American countries, Europe, China, all over the place, Canada, Mexico. And so the principles will work anywhere. If something's from the Kingdom of God, it'll work in the Kingdom of Earth, right?

If something's from heaven, it'll work on Earth. And so that's where these principles are, timeless biblical truths and proven financial principles, and so it'll work. So there are some things that are country-specific, like some of the tax things, but even most common law countries have similar laws. And so 99% of it just translates right over, but there's a couple things that are specific that you might have to implement in your country, but yeah, it'll work in your country. And so again, if you have other questions that I didn't cover then, just email us at support@wealthwithgod.com.

Just email us and we will get back to you as quick as we can, and again, the final thing is the Kingdom Wealth Builders. Just click the link below to join at a discounted price. And again, we'd love to have you join us. We've got lots of amazing people who are waiting to go on a journey with you. Like I said, I'm on there every week, rolling up my sleeves, helping people get breakthrough, and I think it'll be worth it.

So let me just pray for you. Lord, I just bless Your people. I just thank You for people who wanna do it right. They don't wanna have greed and mammon and all these wrong thinking it corrupted. But Lord, I thank You that they're gonna become the kinda people who can carry the weight of blessing without it crushing them, and they will change the financial trajectory of their finances and their home.

And if they're already in a good trajectory, Lord, it's gonna accelerate them. And but Lord, I pray you'd speak to them on what they're supposed to do, and if they're supposed to take this course, give them the grace to act quickly. If they're not, I pray that you would lead them to where they're gonna get their provision from. So Lord, I bless Your people in the name of Jesus, Amen. Thanks for spending time with me guys, and again, if this isn't for you, man, go follow us on Facebook.

Wealth With God, with James Baker on Facebook. You know, check me out on Zion Christian Fellowship on YouTube, you can go follow us there and check our emails. We'll give you some more different ways. All right, bless you guys.
