# Tim Keck

**Date:** 2025-07-15T12:30:00Z
**Duration:** 614.336 seconds
**Organizer:** jordank@performancegolfzone.com

**Attendees:**
- Tim (tekeug@gmail.com)
- Timothy Keck (tkeck@vitalcorehs.com)
- Jordan Keller (jordank@performancegolfzone.com)

---

## Transcript


**Speaker 1** `[06:52]`

Morning.


**Speaker 0** `[06:56]`

I'm on Okay. But I can't oh, there we go. K. I was just checking. First time using first time using Zoom. Yeah. I know how you feel. I'm old, man. I don't know. I don't know how this technology works. They make it any more complex. I'm probably done working.


**Speaker 1** `[07:10]`

You know, I just always gotta ask my kids. What how do I do this?


**Speaker 0** `[07:14]`

Yeah. How are doing? You've been good? I'm good. Yeah. I've been pretty good.


**Speaker 1** `[07:18]`

Good, man. You guys had a chance to chat about, Vegas and the dates? How are you looking?


**Speaker 0** `[07:25]`

Yeah. I I'm not gonna be able to do it at this point, Jordan. I'll probably look at doing it next year. I've just we went back and counted the money we spent on golf in the last year, and it's, like, it's, like, literally $25,000. That's dangerous to I can look at what you spend on that. I know. But it I mean, it's like, we've been to, florida and Arizona and South Carolina and Vegas and Hawaii and bought a simulator and bought I've each got new clubs and just all sorts of ****. So I'm sorry to cuss him, but we just Yeah. It's fine. We just gotta put the brakes. My wife thinks I'm addicted to the game, and I do too.

Honestly, it's not just her. It's just Yeah. I want I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna reach out, next year, I hopefully, you can check back in with me, and I'm gonna do it just not this year. I need to need to put the parachute on it a little bit. We played every day the last week, 9 holes at least. We were in the simulator for so long yesterday. So the Skytrack battery went dead. So it's a lot of lot of time invested in it. I just can't. I can't do this. Otherwise, it's like a somebody with a meth addiction. I'll end up losing my teeth over it. So and I apologize. I I didn't want to just send you a text that said that. No. I know.


**Speaker 1** `[08:40]`

Yeah. How much I I appreciate, you know, that. It's good to just, you know, connect with you again. You got me now, man. I'm I'm. I'm your contact. You don't need to jump through any hoops. You can get to me directly when the time is good, and maybe if you want, I'll just set, I mean.


**Speaker 0** `[08:55]`

I don't know, 6, 8, 12 months out, whatever you want. I'll put a reminder in my Sure. Sure. Around you know, at the end of the year, look at it, and I'll do that as my Christmas gift or and birthday gift and that kind of stuff. But I turn 60 next year. My wife turns 50, and it's our 10 year anniversary. So we're gonna we're gonna hit things pretty hard next year. So Awesome. Maybe we'll do it together.


**Speaker 1** `[09:15]`

I'll I'll stick something in the calendar for December sometime, and if that's not good time, just, you know, message me. Do are you getting my text too or only email?


**Speaker 0** `[09:24]`

I am. I yeah. I'm I'm getting your I'm getting everything. I just don't like I said, I didn't wanna just respond because the only thing I was gonna respond is is this conversation, and I you've been so nice, and it felt disrespectful just it's like breaking up with somebody. You know? You don't do it over tax. Right?


**Speaker 1** `[09:40]`

And I gotta tell you how much I appreciate that because, you know, for me, like, IIII build it like it's my own business. I like to have my connections with, you know, my guys, my clients. So I appreciate that big time, and let's just I'll save some in the calendar for December, and you know, if it makes sense to plan something out into mid 26 then or or whatever you feel like, we'll we'll explore it together.


**Speaker 0** `[10:01]`

K? Yeah. Yeah. I'm thinking early 26 but that's okay. We'll we'll figure that out one time.


**Speaker 1** `[10:06]`

Alright, man. That sounds great. Thanks, Jordan. Have a great day. Anything in the meantime, you let me know.


**Speaker 0** `[10:11]`

Okay. Appreciate you. Bye bye. Yep. Take care. Bye bye.


---

## Metadata

- **Meeting UUID:** `911fca9c-9026-47e8-bef9-6b1924fd1897`
- **Transcription UUID:** `5a555dcd-fc86-4a4d-b261-0ab3dd424879`
- **Recording UUID:** `651c2f2b-7cad-4c75-a9a9-653df9d45dea`
- **Processing Status:** notes_available
- **Avoma URL:** https://app.avoma.com/meetings/911fca9c-9026-47e8-bef9-6b1924fd1897