# Jason VIP Golf Experience - GO

**Date:** 2025-01-08T21:00:00Z
**Duration:** 1203.84 seconds
**Organizer:** justin@performancegolfzone.com

**Attendees:**
- Jason  (jason.j.ayala@gmail.com)
- Justin Jaffe (justin@performancegolfzone.com)

---

## Transcript


**Speaker 0** `[00:11]`

Perfect. Alright. So jason.j.iowa@gmail?

Okay. Perfect. Perfect. Alright. So before jumping in the golf conversation, tell me where you live, Jason. Are you still working, retired? What's going on there? Self employed. I live in Scottsdale. What, babe?

What? I obviously work remote. Give me a second. Hey. She's screaming. I think she she probably dropped something. Give me give me 20 seconds. Sorry.

This is not her. So we're having a we're we're getting married in two and a half weeks, and we're having, like, whoever can meet our ideal weight before the wedding, and she just screams 123.6, and I thought she fell, and I had no idea what she said, and I'm like, babe, I'm on a call. She's like, oh, I'm sorry. I was like, I guess I guess we're excited here. Alright? Leave it at that. But for that. Those those are important goals. Exactly. Exactly. Alright. So you were just telling me where you live, Jason. I'm sorry. Yeah. It's Pasco, Arizona. Perfect. Quite the place to be golf. Alright. We'll leave it at that.

Is that always been home for you, or No. I've I mean, I've been out here if there were gonna be 31 years in July, so it's been a been a long time. But How old are you? I'm originally from recently, I'm 40, I'll be 49 next month, and where are you from, you said? Risen from New York. Grew up in New Mexico. Nice. Very cool, and working still, I would imagine? Yeah. I'm self employed. Self employed. Cool. What line of work you're in one, I'm asking? Finance. Okay. I will manage my business. Very cool. Very cool. Any client golf within that, I would imagine, or Well, yeah, I'm trying to get to that. I I've been dodging all I dodged all the questions.

Right? I'm like, oh, I'm busy. I can't make it. Right? Because I'm not gonna wanna get out there and hack and you know, do all that. So a little bit more comfortable now this past year, but two years ago, I was like, no. I would I would only play in a in a scramble. Okay. Where where where not every shot matters of your own. I'll leave it at that, and I deal with a lot of business owners. I deal with a lot of attorneys, doctors, finance people. You know, there's obviously personal wins. There's obviously, you know, our own goals. But I deal with a lot of people that client golf is a part of that, and you know, if they're gonna have a conversation about making some money or helping that golfer save some money, you know, playing some good golf in between definitely helps out with that conversation.

You know what I mean? So and we'll leave it at that. So I know typically based on, you know, the nose provided, I know we're shooting low nineties. Biggest issues are our iron play and our short game. But when it comes to the iron seems to be contact related, Hitting it relatively straight, obviously, lack of distance. We want more distance there, but we're essentially not hitting the ball, you know, square. We're making a lot of fat shots when it comes to our irons. Driver, miss off the tee's and push to the right, but we still hit a decent amount of fairways. Obviously, we wanna hit it, you know, hit a few more, get more distance behind it too.

So obviously timing, sequencing, comfortability, just ultimate repeatability with your swing first goal, and then obviously, you and I both know the most important part of the game where we're gonna save a lot of shots and give up a lot of shots, shipping, pitching, and putting. Alright? So we definitely wanna fight to that area. Okay? Goal, perfect fit. We get you out to one of these things, get you into the eighties. That's where we wanna be? Okay. Good foundation, getting starting off on the right foot? Okay. Yep. Alright. So to give you an idea, I work with something called a master professional. Okay? I think I mentioned in the beginning. Alright? There's literally 400 coaches in the country that get that designation.

Alright? There's a top 50. I work with 15 of the guys who make that top 50. It's not work for these guys. It's truly a passion. Alright? They're all trained in different different variables. I have 5 coaches that are very much field golf coaches. I have 5 coaches that are very much positional mechanical coaches, and I have 5 coaches that are considered hybrid coaches that are heavily trained in psychology, field, mechanics, all this stuff. I wanna set you up with the right kind of a a makeup. So we're gonna have a conversation. I'm gonna figure out some of the stuff you tried and haven't tried, how you think on the golf course, what you've been able to retain, what you haven't been able to retain.

By the tail end, I wanna cross off your boxes. Alright. Big boxes I need to check off with every conversation. Number one, make sure the golfer actually has some goals. They're willing to play and practice to get to the goals. Do you need to practice every day? No. You need to engage some energy to it? Yes. That's a requirement. Alright? But at the end of the day, practice does not make perfect. Perfect practice makes perfect, especially when it comes to golf. Alright? You can waste a lot of time trying to get better. We're all about efficiency. Alright? So that's the first box I need to check off. Number two, make sure you're coachable. Huge. Alright? You're not coachable.

It's hard for us to do our job. Alright? I don't want you to come out and tell us that, you you know, you you know better than we do. We'll leave it at that, and you'd be very surprised. Box number 3, we don't like dealing with assholes. Okay? Yeah. We deal with a few of them. Alright? We try the best job we can to weed those people out. Alright? Obviously, I crossed off two to 3 boxes so far. I'm not gonna tell you the 3rd one. I'm just messing with you. All joking aside, I appreciate your patience. Alright? So let's let's understand some of the stuff that we tried. So how long you've been playing golf for? How many years if you had to give me a guess?

Well, I mean, I don't to be honest, I don't consider anything other than, like, the last two years, and the reason I say that is I literally dodged it. I wouldn't get out if I got out. It was for charity, and we'd go, you know, spend some money and drink and use everybody else's fault of my own. Right? So, the last two years, has been more of a focus mostly because, I guess the first part, my wife agreed that it's the only place I can unplug, and so, like, truly unplug. So getting out for 4 hours on the course, if my phone was in my hand, it's because I'm looking at an app, checking my distance, seeing how far I gotta go.

Like, I wasn't checking social media or my work emails and doing that. So it became more of a passion for me, and then and then just I enjoyed being outdoors. So I was like, look. This is something that lets me unplugged. I love being outdoors, and there's some ancillary benefits in terms of, you know, I can golf with clients. Awesome. But more so, it was about, you know, unplugging and just trying to get better. So it's been the last few years where I started taking some lessons and you know, really actively trying to get better, trying to get to the range at least once a week. I got AAA membership at this place across the street from my office.

When I couldn't miss the range. I got a trackman inside, and I can go over there and just swing and you know, get some data and try to get better. So yeah. If that helps. Definitely does. Alright. So as far as, you know, how often you try to get out there and play, at least once a week, it sounds like you try to get, you know, practice in there at least once a week. Alright? Yeah, and you did start taking lesson lessons. How recently would you say those lessons started? Well, they started, like, two years I don't see it kind of in time. So I went, got better, and kind of some immediate changes helped right away.

Right? I was hitting the ball straighter, making better contact, and then kinda went through some ebbs and flows, and then it kinda broke again. I was like, alright. You know, I need to go back. Like, what did I break? I can't fix it on my own. So I went back, and then I just kinda been kept in contact with him. His name is Alex Fisher. Oh, okay. Fisher. Know these yeah. So great guy. III enjoy working with him. He's done some great things for me, but, I'm definitely an overthinker, and so once it gets broken, I'm trying to fix everything, like, on the course, and that's hard to do, and then then I get out to the range, and I can't quite identify it, and then I get to the track, and then I'm like, oh, that didn't make any sense to me.

So I just have a harder time kinda dissecting where I'm breaking it, and when it's working, I'll work I'll work it until I break it, right, kind of thing. So. So you've obviously heard the term practice makes perfect. It's absolute ******** when it comes to golf. Perfect practice makes perfect. You gotta be working on the right things. But I have a question about foundational things. Did you play you're 49. Did you play other sports growing up by chance? Football base football base, football basketball. Yes. If you would've gave me 4 more seconds, those are gonna be my 3 guesses. Okay? Yes. I know these conversations all too well, and I know an athlete on the other end when I'm talking to one.

Did you excel? Did you play professional? Who cares? You can't play those sports if you don't have hand eye coordination. You don't have good hands in the first place. Any athlete that has those ingredients and go from 100 to this to that, they can make some adjustments, learn a couple things, utilize that athleticism to get to one level. But when when when you wanna get from the nineties to the eighties and the eighties down to a lower level from there, requires fine tuning when it comes to the sequencing. In a second, you let that right side of the brain come into play, too much paralysis by analysis, not understanding the one. You try things in between before you know you're kind of spinning your wheels.

Okay? Yeah. So with the lessons that you took, I'll never down talk pros that give lessons. I work with a lot of them. A lot of it helped me get to different levels of my game. But when I wanna get to a different next level, good wasn't a good good wasn't good enough. I wanted great. Alright? My golf coaches are great. They helped me get to the next level. Alright? But I wanna understand some of the things that you've done in these lessons. So with, Alex, how many lessons did you take in the last two years, would you say? Probably.

One, to 15. Okay, and were these hour 45 minutes? What was the frequency? Hour lessons. Okay. Once a week, twice a week? It usually be once once a week or so for, you know, 3 to 5 weeks or there might be a couple in one, week. Okay, and I I wanna say I heard in the conversation, I listened to a lot of pre conversations as you would imagine. I've sent over one, 100 golfers myself in the last two years. So you're not answering. I've listened and had a lot of these conversations. But I wanna say I heard that you've never had any element of a on course with your lessons, like an on course playing lesson.

Have you ever had that? Sorry. You you broke up a second. Yeah. Yeah. So heard what? So in the call that you had, I thought I heard you never had any element of on course before. Correct? Like an on course playing lesson? Yeah. Yeah. We didn't, we didn't do that other than we'd go out for the the short game. We'd go out and and do some shipping on on the course. Okay, and then I've only played one. I've only played one, round with a pro. I was in New Mexico, and it was kind of a friend of a friend. I was like, hey. You know? I was like, you wanna go out? So he kinda coached me on the course, but that was it.

The rest has been hitting off a mat or or at the range. Okay, and through these 15 lessons, III will at least reiterate the same thing. Practice, practice, practice. Do you need to go out there all time to practice? No. But have you ever been given, like, a customized practice plan that was kinda unique, tailored to you, not just stretching, not just exercising, but obviously some things do at the course, at the at your house, maybe, something in the living room? Have you ever been given, like, a plan that was kinda tailored to you, which you could do in your own time? Well, it's not so much a a plan. I mean, after each lesson, based on what he worked on, he'd send me about the video analysis and and some things to to remember to focus on.

Because in the very beginning, I was very much an over the top *******, and so that was a lot of the focus, and then I have some kind of unique limitations one, I'm double jointed, and so. I my arms aren't straight. So you saw my arm. Like, my left arm is shorter than my right arm. My left arm kinda has an elbow that bows out quite a bit, and so, kinda clearing through, really opening up my hips was kind of a a struggle. Right? So my hands would come in too close and And probably very arms you're gonna be getting out, I imagine. Yeah. Yeah. So so we work a lot on just trying to, you know, make sure I've got the right distance from the ball and then making sure that I'm opening up my hips early enough, to allow my hands to come through and and not get jammed up, and so so it it really did kinda help me with some of those some of those things.

But what do you think lack from your perspective, I guess, is the question I always like to ask. Because, you know, I've had so many lessons with different people and I always love something but there's also a couple dislikes with everything I have that's just me I'm a critical piece of POS I guess but was there anything that lacked from your perspective you know with some of these lessons that you took with Alex anything you wish you could have done more of? Well, I I guess part of the I'd I'd walk away, like, that day. At the at the end of the day, I was hitting the ball better. Right, and then when I got to the point I wasn't, it was really hard for me to kinda figure out what I was doing, and you know, he did a good job of trying to help me understand to say, hey.

Like, if you're hitting it fat, you're gonna likely come in over the top. Right? So this arm coming over, and and that's what's happening, and if you're if you're thinning it, you know, you're probably not opening up your hips. Your hands are kinda coming through and coming through without your body turning. So so there's some kind of basic things that really helped me, for the most part, understand, but. I couldn't self correct for whatever reason. I and I didn't really have the tools, that I felt. I said, oh, hey. When I get back to doing this same thing again, like, here's what I need to go to the range and do, or here's what I need to go to the track and one.

I need to go focus on x, y, and z. You know, here's my sticks. Right? So so then I end up on, you know, social media buying stuff. Right? Like, okay. Well, let me try that. Let me try this. Let me try this, and and trying to figure stuff out on my own, and then arguably, you know, it might work and or it might break it worse, and then I go back to Alex, and he fixes it, and then I we're getting the same kinda Yeah. Kinda spot again. Same kinda ebb and flow type of deal. Alright? Yes. III hear that. Alrighty, and will you if we okay. So you obviously crossed off my initial boxes. We already cleared that, and as long as we do my part and we go through the conversation and make sense to you, I require one thing out of my golfers that you practice at least one day a week for me.

Doing something, whether it's something at the golf course, whether it's something at the house, some stretching, some workouts, whatever it may be, golf related muscles or golf related muscles. Alright. We'll leave it at that. There's some awesome things you can do without having to hit a golf ball to go do those things. Alright? One, day a week. Are you willing to do that for me? Yeah. That's just. As far as videoing your swing, you know how to do that. If I ask you to do that a couple times in a month after a golf school, is that something you're open to doing? Is that is that something you can make happen for me? Okay. Good. Alrighty, and the Mcgough School did make sense.

Alright. I I heard in the conversation, Arizona. I don't wanna leave you outside Arizona if I don't have to, alright. But fully transparent, me here living in Florida, you would imagine Florida's a hot spot, and so is Arizona. Okay, and everybody wants to fill up for their season, Okay? You know, around. So if you're talking January, February, March, I'm pretty much sold out of everything. Alright? But we're talking about April, May, June. I have some possibilities of getting you places outside of Arizona too. But if we were looking at Arizona in general, okay, just throwing this out there. Alright. Unless we can make May 15th 16th work or wait until September, I would have to send you somewhere else.

Okay? So my question to you, if I align a good fit, makes sense, get you somewhere on a May 15, 16 over in Sedona. Alright? Based on your calendar, is that something that we could at least discuss, or will we need to kind of focus on a different plan? You have to kind of travel somewhere. It depends. So I don't know if you're familiar with the big *** calendar, but my wife and I go through that every year where we kinda map out our entire year. So we're doing that. Right now, May is our anniversary, so 24th is our anniversary, so I don't know if we're gonna be traveling before or after. Okay. So so May is usually, I think, on my cause.

January, February, March are tough already because my my calendar is already booked just with work stuff. April was a little bit more flexible. May gets a little bit more challenging than if it's Arizona. Right? June, July, August, as you know. Yeah. You ain't going to you ain't going to, you don't wanna be there. Yep. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. So May is a possibility. Okay, and obviously, from my perspective, if I can make it work, it'd be the sooner rather than later. But, but I I can't say yes. A 100 percent May one, 15th works until I get through this v s calendar with my wife this hopefully, this weekend. Okay. Gotcha. So what we can obviously discuss is a plan a, plan b.

If it comes down to a plan a, can obviously keep you local. You know, we can talk about what the commitment I would need out of you to at least get you a spot for Arizona while you go through your scheduling and all that, but it also makes sense to get you somewhere else. We could discuss that too. Okay? Are you are you open minded to traveling, making a short flight, maybe something on the West Coast, or you said, hey, I wanna warm up a little bit, maybe go out to, you know, the East Coast, whatever it may be. Is the wife still working, or is she is she? She's a personal trainer. She works part time.

Gotcha. Would she come with you, or would you do this by yourself, no distractions kind of a deal? What would that kinda look like? Probably be something I would do by myself. Okay. Gotcha. I like personal wins. Goals are awesome. Handicap goals, scores, they're secondary when you start doing the right things. Alright? That's what I tell every golfer, I love personal wins, though. What would the personal win be? We get you out to one of these golf schools. It makes sense. I find a good fit for you. What would make you happy? What would make you proud from a goal perspective? You mean, from a from a win perspective? After going through it or like, at the event?

Because my my ultimate goal is, like, if I shoot 85 pretty consistently, I'd be a happy person. I'm like, okay. I'm not gonna be overly pissed off on the golf course and be fun to be around, and then just enjoy being out. Right? If I'm even lower than that, that would be a great personal win as I'd love to be, like, hey, I'm knocking out of the park. I'm following my plan. I'm, I'm very much, like you said, kind of an athlete focused. You tell me what to do, I'll do it. Yeah. So if I could be in the in the low eighties even more, that would be that would be awesome. But I guess the biggest thing is if I just really had a concrete plan to say, when it's not working, like, I need to get back to these things and work on this to to not be on kind of my own to figure it out again.

Right? So the example I didn't even mention this. So Alex, I've been working with again, I like him. Like, I love him. I think he's a great guy. He's he's helped my game. I was in New Mexico, and I was there. My wife and I tried to get out of here out of the center for a bit, and so we did two weeks in July, two weeks in August, which is where her family is, and so I was out there. I wanted to play some golf, and I was playing ****** golf. I was like, oh, I'm gonna grab a broke here and see if I can just figure out what what I broke, and then I broke it even worse, because it was very different than Alex, and and then it got better, and I'm like, oh, okay.

Great. Now maybe I shouldn't go back to Alex because he kinda got it right, and I was playing some of my best golf. So I don't I don't wanna do that. Right? I guess I just wanna try to figure out, like, what do for me personally, based on my limitations and my body and how I swing, you know, what are the consistent things that I need to focus on to play better golf. That's kinda that's my biggest win, if that makes sense. Absolutely, and you're helping me fill in a lot of blanks. You know, it's clear as day. You're a good fit for our program. Okay, and it's just a matter of aligning the best fit for you and you know, what what the variables go into that.

So would love to talk about the golf swing. I'll tell you how it works. One, full transparency, I wish I had you on the Zoom because typically I like to show you some things on my phone. So question for you, do you do you are you on Zoom often with your job and everything? So I'm I'm trying to think of why you couldn't be able to hear me. The only thing I could think of is maybe you had another program open where your microphone was attached to it. Did you wanna try to maybe get back in so I can actually show you some things? Yeah. Try to get back in so I can actually show you what because I I wanna show you some videos, and I wanna show you some things that we do during the golf school so you can get a full understanding of it, and I can't really explain it unless I show it to you. You know what I mean? So if you wanna try to hop back in, I'll let you back in in a second.

Alright.


---

## Metadata

- **Meeting UUID:** `471473f7-7d6c-4926-a834-fa6985f316eb`
- **Transcription UUID:** `e55e9747-6a84-4d48-a90b-331ede73071f`
- **Recording UUID:** `5a2b5e32-b1fd-4c7d-8376-419dd0561720`
- **Processing Status:** notes_available
- **Avoma URL:** https://app.avoma.com/meetings/471473f7-7d6c-4926-a834-fa6985f316eb