# 357 Kick-off

**Date:** 2025-04-07T18:00:00Z
**Duration:** 1680.917333 seconds
**Organizer:** krista@performancegolfzone.com

**Attendees:**
- Joey Percia (joey@performancegolfzone.com)
- Christopher Ogle (christopher@performancegolfzone.com)
- Jessi Casebeer (jessi@performancegolfzone.com)
- Test From PG Engineering please ignore (sarah.guthrie@performancegolfzone.com)
- Brixton Albert (brixton@performancegolfzone.com)
- John Hardesty (johnhardesty@performancegolfzone.com)
- Davidp (davidp@performancegolfzone.com)
- Colin Harris (colin@performancegolfzone.com)
- Gabriel (gabriel@performancegolfzone.com)
- Nathan (nathan@performancegolfzone.com)
- Test (danielle@performancegolfzone.com)
- Denver Hilario (denver@performancegolfzone.com)
- Mike Tolkson (mtolkson@performancegolfzone.com)
- Faraaz Jamal (faraaz@performancegolfzone.com)
- Joanna Sermise (joanna@performancegolfzone.com)
- Chris McGinley (chris@performancegolfzone.com)
- Richard (richard@performancegolfzone.com)
- Assal Moradian (assal@performancegolfzone.com)
- Eric TEST PG (eric@performancegolfzone.com)
- Renee (renee@performancegolfzone.com)
- Earl Leonardo (earl@performancegolfzone.com)
- Krista Jensen (krista@performancegolfzone.com)
- Mimi (mimi@performancegolfzone.com)
- Lee Ann Tuico (leeann@performancegolfzone.com)
- Annie (annie@performancegolfzone.com)
- Remen Po (remen@performancegolfzone.com)
- Ben Marcoux (ben@performancegolfzone.com)
- Jeff test (jlogue@performancegolf.com)
- Tara (tara@performancegolfzone.com)
- Paul (paul@performancegolf.com)
- Brandon (brandon@performancegolfzone.com)
- Myron (myron@performancegolfzone.com)
- Tim (tim@performancegolfzone.com)
- Kevin Gonzales (kevin@performancegolfzone.com)
- Tim Filler (tim.filler@performancegolfzone.com)
- Shawne (shawne@performancegolfzone.com)
- Cameron (cameron@performancegolfzone.com)
- Stuart (stuart@performancegolfzone.com)

---

## Transcript


**Speaker 0** `[00:00]`

Is it? Right? So it combines the 3 wood head, which is outside of the driver, the head that's the biggest of all the clubs. It combines the shaft of a 5 wood and the loft of a 7 wood. So why does it have a 3 wood head? Well, like I just said, the 3 wood head is the the biggest aside from the driver, so that gives you the most mass, going into the back of the ball, and you know, mass times speed is, you know, velocity, power, all that stuff. Right? Eighth grade physics or whatever it might be. So that more mass gives you more power, more ball speed, and it's also a bigger head, so it's more forgiving, which translates into, again, more distance and forgiveness compared to woods that have smaller heads or hybrids, which are much smaller.

Now why the 5 wood shaft? Well, the 5 wood shaft is because the downside of a 3 wood is that it's really long, which makes it hard to control and hard to find the center of that head. So the 5 wood shaft is shorter than a 3 wood, so it's easier to control, but it's longer than a 7 wood, so you get a lot more swing speed than a traditional high lofted wood or hybrid, and as I just mentioned, the calculation for distance being the mass and then swing speed. You've got more mass and you've got more speed, therefore, you get a lot more distance, and then why 7 wood loft? So this is, it makes the club really versatile, so you can use it in fairway bunkers.

You can use it out of the rough. You can also use it on the fairway itself, and that loft, looks very forgiving behind the golf ball. So when you talk to a lot of players, they'll talk about how the club just feels good or looks good behind the ball, and a lot of that has to do with how how much loft is on the club. It's why a lot of players would prefer to hit, say, a a 7 iron or an 8 iron or a 9 iron than, you know, a a two iron because that loft makes it look a lot more friendly, and then also, more loft means more launch, so it's easier to get in the air, and then when you launch the ball higher, another thing that's really important for players with these kinds of clubs is, high launch means that it stops faster and closer to the pin, so they score better, and the cool part about this club, this kind of supercharged 7 wood, is that it's super versatile, not just from different lies and different situations, but it's also great for, well, I'm sorry.

It's not just great in different lies and situations once you've teed off. It's also, great on different types of holes. So some players may even use it off the tee when they really need to find a fairway. It's great for longer or tricky par threes because you do get that extra launch and that extra, distance, so they can carry trouble and stop the ball pretty fast on the green, and it's great on par fours and par fives on approach shots, either the second or third shot or both, of those so that, again, they can launch the ball higher, reach the green, and stop on the green. So now, what we've got is I'll just run through quickly the deliverables that are provided with the offer.

Of course, they get the 3 5 7, the club itself, which has a variety of different shafts available depending on the swing speed of the player, and then for the free digital bonuses that they get included, with our offer as we typically do where we give bonuses for, included with our with our, digital and physical programs, the first bonus is called pin high approach shots where JT Thomas is going to record a training on how to hit straighter and longer approach shots, and again he'll do it using the 3 5 7 in the bag or in that course, and then without going into a ton of detail about how the courses are set up, just to give you an idea of the direction of Performance Golf's courses in general, when someone signs into the course, we don't just wanna waterfall them with information that they may or may not find valuable.

We're really gonna focus on getting them a win really quickly, and the current approach or our current thought process, which, of course, we're open to improving, is an initiative to have the first video be a welcome video that then segues to getting them to, answer a question, which gives us the information we need to help them the most. So in this example, for this approach shots course, the question is, what's your most common miss with your hybrids and fairway woods, and we give them, 7 options, and then depending on the option that they click, the first video that they watch will be the fix that explains why that problem's happening and what they can do to fix it, and that's going to be the structure of our courses going forward until, we find something better or you know, can work in conjunction with this.

So that's pin high approach shots. Green stopping power program, same thing. It's gonna be JT Thomas with the 3 5 7. Only this one is rather than, this is actually this should be straighter and more accurate, approach shots. Green stopping power is gonna be more about adding distance and height to shots, both with and without swinging faster, and the same thing, it's, they they go in, they see a video from JT, the question is, like, what do you believe is costing you the most distance, and then we've got the fixed videos that they can watch based on their answer, and then the last bonus is contact control master class. This is going to be an irons course focusing on contact and consistency, and we're actually just going to repurpose Martin Chucks program Square Strike System, which is a great course that we're no longer running cold traffic to, but it's a really excellent course on irons and compliments, kinda rounds out the offer well, and then cold traffic only, not internal, same as usual, gets our, performance golf app or you might see it coined sometimes world's smartest game improvement app.

If you've been around for a while, you'll know it as Scratch Club. So, whatever that is, though, it's got the forced continuity on it that they get the 14 day pass, and then after 14 days, they can, continue going as a member, and then the last two bonuses. The first is the senior golfer equipment guide and coupon book. This is the same equipment guide that we use for all the offers. This one will, in particular, be very close to the senior swing distance program. We'll just particular, be very close to the senior swing distance program. We'll just have a couple of changes where we need to update images from, like, Andrew Rice will be Gary Mccord. But other than that, it's senior golfer guide, same thing, and then they get a $500 credit and Fastpass, which they can apply to any in person golf camp that they haven't already paid for, so new schools, in the next 12 months.

Now upsell one is going to be for cold traffic and internal SF one. We also have a note here that we're, Donnie and I this week are going to sync with Chris Mcginley because we have a really exciting, evolution of the SF one into the SF2, which is a lot more premium club, higher quality construction, and should get even better results than the SF1, which, frankly, lots of golfers really love using, but it's not a truly premium golf club. So this is there's an opportunity or potentially there might be a small tweak to the upsell, but s f one is the current upsell one. The upsell one bonuses are going to be the the same bonuses that we sell with the SF one anyway to keep that as simple as possible so when they buy the SF one, we don't have to change a bunch of SKUs or anything.

But it's two courses from Hank Haney. One is the square to path sequence, and the other is swing speed secrets, and then upsell two is the VIP high ticket book a call, and there's no bonuses associated with that. Well, I guess the bonus is technically, it's double, double your $500 credit to 1,000 dollars if they book on that on that, that page, and then on the bottom of this one pager, what I tried to do again, I absolutely recommend that you watch Chris Mcginley's video on the the breakdown of all the way that the technology really works. But in the simple terms, the marketing terms that we'll be using for the promotion, I've got, like, the features written out here towards the bottom.

So, like, for example, the technology is called Trifusion technology, and that's kind of the cool way that we came up with to describe the combination of the different features of 3 wood, 5 wood, 7 wood, and one, and then yeah, I already explained the 3 wood mass. You can see this is a really cool feature called the progressed club face where we've got the hosel here, and then you can see just how much this, the face sticks out or like, juts out in front. This clears away debris, and it also stops grass from grabbing the hosel and twisting the face. So, it's a lot more exaggerated, this face progression, than other competitors. So that's something that we're going to highlight, and it and it's a really great feature for, our players.

It's also got this really cool dual rail Soulbox, which you can't see too well in the CADs. But from certain other angles, you can see that this is all raised and even the back part is raised, and it creates this kinda cool, almost 3 d printed looking effect, and the function of this is that even a lot of golfers, are are not, who aren't pros don't have pinpoint precision with their low point control. So with the dual rails, maybe they leave the face open or they hit the the low point in an incorrect place. This, has weight in the heel, which closes the face and stops slices, and also, the two rails are kind of like, you know, skis or whatever or or rails.

Like, that's why they're, you know, rails on a track that straighten the the club face out and get it powering through the ball. This is another this is the power launch crown now, and what's really cool I'll try to find a different, different angle of this to see if we if we can. What looks like this is like they took the club head and they, figured out how to, like, squish it, for lack of a better term, like, in. Like, the top of the club head is, like, looks like it's been pushed down, and what that does is lower the center of gravity, which, without knowing all the physics because, frankly, that's a little above my knowledge, level, the lower the center of gravity helps you get below the ball, and when you get below the ball, the equator of the golf ball, the ball launches versus when you don't do that, it has a much more difficult time getting in the air.

This is what we said, slice weighted heel, and then it's got this see cup technology, which, again, to what you'll you'll have to watch Chris's video for the full explanation. But rather than just the club face that's welded onto the front part of the club head, this has these extra, like, little ridges up on the top and bottom, which is why it looks like a seat, and and that just creates a lot more room for the club face to flex and create more ball speed. Because when it flexes this way, it has to, you know, what is it? All things, equal, opposite, or whatever. So it flexes this way, and then it has to return, and and that speed all all goes into the ball, helps compress the ball, adds ball speed without swing speed, and and then yeah, that's got the launch of a 7 wood, 21 degrees, and then the shaft is pretty cool, and then yeah, on a high level, again, to just I probably should have started with this, but problems the offer solves, these golfers are struggling coming up short of the green on par fours, par fives, longer par threes, and the 3 5 7, helps them add distance, fixes their contact, hit the ball higher, and yeah, this is actually not in the club.

So that's a pending that's a pending in progress an idea I have, but that's not gonna make it to this one, and yeah, there's that's pretty much it, in terms of what the 3 5 7 is and what it does. I know that's a ton of information on the offer and on the club itself, and I'm happy to, answer any questions, or if we wanna go through the other operational stuff and go through Asana and then circle back so people have a chance to digest all of that, that's cool too. Whatever works for everybody works for me.


**Speaker 1** `[12:54]`

Okay. If there's no questions on the offer, you guys can also review this afterwards, digest it, and you can poke question and drop it into the product launch updates channel, or Ben, if you're cool with it, they can Slack you directly as well. Yeah. Totally. Cool. K. Thanks for running through that. Okay. We'll run really quickly through our schedule now.

If any of you guys don't have access to this, please let me know. I can add you. So just shoot me a Slack. But you can also find this in one of two places. So we have the 2025 launches portfolio, which you can see all the dates and then click into it from here, or you go into the physical launch folder and then click in and enter through here. So, we currently have all the dates laid out. Some of these are gonna slightly change just because we're gonna give it a little bit more time for, dev and design based on when we have the product photography ready. So the first thing that we have coming up is the shoot, so that's next week.

Paul's gonna be running that, and we do have a task for Jesse here to upload all the footage to, all of the editing tasks. So for who's in here? Renee, and Nathan, etcetera, you'll get all your footage in by 23rd at the latest. As per Paul's request, we are gonna give time for digest and editing organization after the shoot. So currently, as that stands from the 15th, we have about a week to organize all the footage, Paul. Does that sound okay?


**Speaker 2** `[14:36]`

Yeah. I think that's gonna be fine for the the shoot, in Arizona, but we are also planning shoots, on the 21st and 22nd. K. Is that for b roll? Well, it's b roll and the content with. JT, and the problem is we just there's the I don't think we have a lot of the clubs. So we're literally are gonna be using the clubs that are in Arizona to come to Florida to shoot to shoot. So, yeah, we'll be shooting b roll and content and potentially lessons on the 21st and 22nd That's that's what we've got scheduled. Okay. So the a the the a roll, the a cut, and a and a lot of the b roll that's gonna be shot out there, 100% will be will be in by the 23rd. We also wanna see what was shot out there and what we need to pick up, you know, so that we don't have to we can supply everything we need on the on the first go around for the VSL team.


**Speaker 1** `[15:47]`

Okay. So for content then so content, you're referring to, like, the course videos. Correct? Yeah. The course videos that Ben just talked about Yeah. With, JT. So, oh, so most likely, it makes sense to push this one back. So we'll allow more time for that one just because you have the shoot on the 21st '20 second. Right?

Yeah. Cool, and then you said, April, they'll have everything ready for that. So we've got that currently scheduled for the 25th And then Nathan and Jesse, you're on here. Right?

Maybe not. I'll tell you We're here. Oh, there we go. Yeah. We're both here.


**Speaker 3** `[16:27]`

We've got April.


**Speaker 1** `[16:28]`

Currently set for, the 25th and then we've got 29th to 26th So based on that, with the additional shoot, does that allow you guys enough time to get the footage ready to start editing your and doing your master edit after that shoot at those two dates there?


**Speaker 3** `[16:49]`

When does the when does Paul shoots? So.


**Speaker 2** `[16:53]`

Nathan, the the 20 the '20 first will be a b roll shoot for us. The 22nd will be content and some lessons. So I think the the only thing for your team on the 22nd would be some lessons. Okay. Which might.


**Speaker 3** `[17:13]`

Alright. It looks that that that looks feasible. If we're getting the footage in, they're shooting it on the fourth the week of the 14th. Right? 14 and '15. Yep, and then we should have it by the end of the week, I would hope. Yep, and then it gives us a week to kinda at least get it to a roll cut while we're waiting for your stuff stuff to come in. Yeah. That looks looks good to me at the moment, Krista.


**Speaker 1** `[17:33]`

Perfect. Okay. So we'll leave those as is, and then Renee, I'll update this for you here. We'll touch base on this after. I also just dropped in the course outline for you. So take a review. You we can tag in Ben, see if you have any questions, and then we can get that assigned out to the editors as well, and then upsell, same time period we kinda have there for. Elijah. So he's starting on April 28. So is that do you wanna offset that slightly, Nathan? If we could. Yeah. Okay. It gives him just a chance to kind of piggyback a little bit of what we're doing with his. So. Cool. Okay. We'll we'll push his back to start.

Slightly after that.

Cool. Okay. Any questions about the shoot dates or the current. VSL or any other additional editing tasks?

Sweet. Okay. So in terms of, pages, we have a few I'm just gonna close it out just so you guys can see. We have a few tasks that have the copy already added. So when you come into the board, you can see all the final copy docs in a view like this now. So instead of you having to go click through everything, whatever Ben has completed from the subtask will be then moved up to just the main project views. You don't have to click around. We'll do the same thing for Figmas. We'll do the same thing for page deliveries. So instead of everyone having to click around, worst case scenario, you jump into the board and you can view it from here and click it.

So, yeah, you have two step checkout done. We have product insert thank you page. The VSL and upsell are here. So you can see both here. You just have to copy and paste it so that you can view it, and then we'll have the other ones coming in shortly. So design team, you won't have anything to technically review right now until we get the retargeting and the other one's done, but I'll tag you in as soon as those are done. Dev team, based on some of the changes that we have here, the dates have slightly pushed a few out, but these are most likely just pushed back slightly based on some of the editing tasks. So we can walk through that later as well.

But right now, we're targeting to end around the May 27, and then we'll go through to the funnel building, everything that Mike typically does, for June 4, and currently, we are looking to launch this on cold traffic for June 11. So part of the reason for June 11 is I was just chatting with Faraz really quick, and that's around the same time as Father's Day in the US Open, plus when we'll have product availability. So anyone that's kinda doing any marketing items, you guys can tie that in. I would definitely loop in, like, John, because I know you probably have some ideas around that and what you want to do is something you mentioned earlier. So we do have that as our current launch date.

The only thing that we don't have, which maybe we can keep on the email organic and non, team actors to talk about the internal launch and how we wanna roll that out and what dates you guys want for that. So that's something that we are currently pending on. So just for dev and design, anything you guys currently have scheduled is in there. There may be some additional things coming from the organic side and the email side that hasn't currently been scheduled, but we'll work that in with your current page tasks there. But that's the current schedule for this to find some resources outside of what's in this here, you can also go to the overview task. So as Ben was mentioning, there's the recording from Chris last week as he did the technical training.

You can access that here. You can access the one pager, which Ben just ran through here easily as well, plus the technical product, document as well. So that's the one that Chris created. Once we have this call completed, we'll also drop that the link of this here as well. So you can grab all the resources, plus you can see from a high level the milestones, and yeah, that's basically if you want to do a calendar, you can also do here, but I would suggest looking through the overview or list. Outside of what's currently in here, we will also be dropping product launch updates in the product launch updates channel. Again, if you aren't in there, please let me know.

All product launch updates will go through there. Any questions you guys have, we can drop in there as well just so we can tag in the right team members. But do expect a few changes for this project, in terms of timelines just based on a few changes that we made now. So, again, design and dev, I'll touch base with you guys separately once I run through that, and yeah, is there any other questions or anything that anyone wants to go over with what we've currently run through today?

Perfect. K. If not, I'll keep on, John, the organic team, and the email team, and then maybe we can just really quickly run through kind of what we wanna do with that portion of the launch as well, and thanks, Ben, again, for running through everything there. Thanks to you for your time. I'll send out the link for this after if you guys wanna share this out. Great. Anyone needs anything, just reach out. Thank you. Thanks, Ben.

Thanks, guys.

K. Do we have everyone here from this side?

I'm gonna kick out a bunch of fathoms once we get going.

And then I'll stop recording too.

Sorry, guys. One sec.

Is there two Eric's that work here, or it's just one?


**Speaker 4** `[24:05]`

I think we got two.


**Speaker 1** `[24:06]`

Okay. I'm gonna keep your because I have two fathoms, so I'll keep yours in. I just wanted to make sure.

Actually, Joey's too.


**Speaker 5** `[24:17]`

Interesting Well, one's do you hear me? What Yeah. Me and one one's my fathom. So that's probably it. Okay, baby. That's it. Did I kick did I kick Eric out?


**Speaker 1** `[24:26]`

You kicked Eric's note take out, but he's still in here. Okay. So, yeah, you get ease You get out of everything.


**Speaker 6** `[24:31]`

You get out of everything. I was so confused of what was happening. It's fine. I got mine.


**Speaker 1** `[24:36]`

I didn't know there was another Eric. So.


**Speaker 6** `[24:38]`

That's why I was like, I don't know another one.


**Speaker 1** `[24:42]`

Okay. So, basically, I'll I'll I'll link this project in here. So right now, we don't have anything scheduled for, email or social or anything like that. So, typically, Joey, Eric, I know that you guys pick when you guys wanna launch this, for internal. I don't know if you wanna align with when we're doing cold traffic this time. We do have a lot more bandwidth. We're giving ourself more room after all the pages are done, where we probably have about, I would say, a week to a week and a half. If I can keep the schedule as it is right now, then we would have, like, that week week and a half to do everything that you guys would probably need for, your stuff. So if you need dev, I can leave a week for you guys to steal them and take them and do what you guys need.


**Speaker 5** `[25:30]`

Whatever so that'd be what a week, what, after those, like, the 11th or something like that?


**Speaker 1** `[25:34]`

Yeah. Assuming I can keep dev on for the 27th, then you can have them basically from the second to the sixth, and we can just keep some bandwidth for anything that you guys would need and for, like, Tara, like, anything like organic organic. We could keep that week scheduled for, like, you guys, and then cold traffic, can you have all their stuff done first? Because I know that you guys use pages based on what they've already created anyways.


**Speaker 5** `[26:01]`

Yeah. Yeah. That works. Yeah. Whatever buffer yeah, whatever buffer you think that is, like, good, safe, just so we can we'll plan it there. That way, ideally, it doesn't move. Yep. Yeah. Okay. ****.


**Speaker 1** `[26:22]`

I'll just break it.


**Speaker 4** `[26:23]`

Just for the new guy here as well again, but I'll stop saying that at some point. When do you usually launch the backend? Is this after cold traffic a week after is, or it just varies?


**Speaker 5** `[26:33]`

We started doing it. Yeah. For a while, we're doing it at the same time, and then asset wise, it just wasn't working out. So we started putting it at least a week, sometimes two weeks back, just so we can make sure we have all those things. Like, except for this, we kinda we have a we kinda have a couple dates that are, like, up in the air to move. So we we really, whenever. I think with your organic the the plan with, like, organic, if we haven't got everything in, I don't know. I think you're you're running that by person that, like, this week. Right, and then yeah. So we we can have the tentative date and then whatever we wanna shift it a week or two weeks. We're fine. But in general, we did about a week or two weeks after cold traffic launch. Oh, and.


**Speaker 4** `[27:14]`

You guys don't you you've never gone, like, backend first, like, first access, early access, VIP?


**Speaker 5** `[27:23]`

Long time ago.


**Speaker 4** `[27:24]`

Yep. Yeah. Yeah.


**Speaker 5** `[27:28]`

Yeah. It's been it's been a while.


**Speaker 4** `[27:30]`

Yeah. I mean, definitely, that that'll get more important as we start working on more retention and more loyalty and more subscription first and like, why to be a part of the community is, like, hey. We offer this to you, you know, a few days or 48 hours or 24 hours before it goes live to the world. So I don't know based on your your mapping, Chris said, all the resources, like, if that's possible or something that will be even entertained for this launch. But I've always loved the idea of how can that be a value prop for being a member. I think.


---

## Metadata

- **Meeting UUID:** `c68579d0-75ee-4595-b0bb-5d48bea7b6dd`
- **Transcription UUID:** `c1bf8f77-5624-4a54-95e0-fffb445b4283`
- **Recording UUID:** `4bdc67d3-8818-4dd5-bd92-b75e423c1640`
- **Processing Status:** notes_available
- **Avoma URL:** https://app.avoma.com/meetings/c68579d0-75ee-4595-b0bb-5d48bea7b6dd