Vertical Swing Circle Transcript

[https://app.iconik.io/asset/bc6ae648-df3c-11f0-b439-be91930a89dd](https://app.iconik.io/asset/bc6ae648-df3c-11f0-b439-be91930a89dd) 

So you've identified that you have limited flexibility, which puts you into a more vertical swing circle. So we've got three profiles. You are on the steeper end of the spectrum, and the good news is there's benefits to having that kind of swing circle. I'm gonna demonstrate what this first of all means if I take my hula hoop and place it around my shoulders, this would be neutral. So your circle sits a little bit more upright relative to your shoulder plane. So if I take that angle and now bend down into my golf posture, you can see how that hula hoop is living a little bit more vertically around and in front of my body. So this just means that your arms and club are gonna work a bit more up over your head and then back down towards the golf ball. So what's good and bad about having a steeper more vertical swing plane? Well, it creates good angle to the golf ball. You're gonna be somebody that's probably a divot taker. You're gonna be great out of the rough. You're gonna be great when the ball is below your feet. It puts you into a category where you have an advantage in some of those situations, which is awesome. So let's use that to our advantage. The other benefit of having a little bit of a taller, more steep backswing is this. So when we swing up, we reap the benefits of high wide swing positions. There's actually a lot of speed and power from here if you can navigate and coordinate that on the way back down. So you don't wanna rush your tempo, you wanna just allow that nice smooth tempo to play out. But having high hands, high arms is a sign just like a Scotty Scheffler or the Annika Soren Stem Legends in the women's space of the world. We have those nice, high vertical moments leads to a lot of speed and power coming down because we can get those arms moving a little bit faster down and in front of our body instead of from around us, which would be a deeper and maybe more block position for a lot of golfers if you have limited mobility. So we don't see as many breakdowns when the arms go up over the top of our head a little bit more because it's easier to keep that lead arm a little straighter up here. A lot of times when a less flexible golfer tries to be something that they're not and swing more around their body, that's where we see that lead arm breaking down. So the good news is you can avoid a lot of those breakdowns and provide and create more consistency within your own swing circle profile just by allowing yourself to swing up in space. So I'm gonna demonstrate a nice vertical swing circle here. You can see I finished with my hands right high over my head and the ball still goes very, very straight. So just because your whole hula hoop is standing more upright doesn't mean you can't square the face just as easily as if your swing circle was incline or flatter. It just means that you have to do the things that match where you body and your arms are trying to work. So embrace the little bit of air under the armpits that we're gonna see up here. 'cause don't let anybody tell you that a flying right elbow is a bad thing. When one of the best players of all time, Jack Nicholas had

Speaker 2 (00:02:58 \-\> 00:05:04)

A a big flying right elbow, that's okay. It's what fits you. It might be because of your own limited shoulder mobility and or what's happening in your upper body or your back, that your arms are gonna naturally seek that more vertical position. But the pendulum can swing straight down from there. And so as you let those arms drop down in front of your body, they'll connect back with your turn. And as you can finish in balance and just deliver that club more consistently through impact, even with those angles occurring in your swing, since you have a more vertical swing circle, you need to just understand how ball position has to match up a middle ball position. Where will work well if your swing circle's a little bit more upright like this, but also you're probably more inclined to do better with a slightly forward ball position so that when you shift your weight, that circle can match up with where the ball is in space. And you're probably somebody that's likely gonna hit a bit more of a fade. And that's okay because there's this thing called a power fade and a lot of great players play with that. And you can hit some wonderful shots to your target. But just understand that when we catch the ball a little bit more forward in our stance, which is where your vertical swing circle is gonna wanna bottom out, that you are gonna have a path that starts a little bit left and probably makes the ball come back to the right with that predisposition. So just embrace who you are, play the ball slightly forward of center, and then with your nice vertical swing circle, you'll be able to find a square club face and bottom that club out in a place where your divot is living. It also will help minimize how steep the divot will be as well as long as your ball is matching up with where the bottom of your swing circle is living. So what you don't wanna do is play the ball back because you'll probably hit it thin on the way down for how steep your swing is. So make sure it's at least in the middle, if not a little bit forward. So you have the benefit of matching up with where your circle is living in space. So just be you vertical is okay. Let those arms work up and down and embrace the flexibility that you do have to work your arms. This way, even if you have a little bit of a limited turn, it can still work and you can be on your way to playing some great golf with your vertical swing circle.

Incline Swing Circle Transcript

[https://app.iconik.io/asset/300ebf08-df5a-11f0-b7dd-2a5c0463a316](https://app.iconik.io/asset/300ebf08-df5a-11f0-b7dd-2a5c0463a316) 

Congratulations on your great range of motion. You are a flexible golfer. Now, this puts you in a category of having an incline swing circle, and I'm gonna explain what that means. There's three different ways we profile golfers. You're in the most traditional and orthodox swing circle category in that it's what most good players on the LPJ and PGA tour do. For example, the queen herself, Nelly Corda, one of the best players in the world, has that nice graceful, smooth and neutral swing path. And that is what we see as an incline swing plane. So when we talk about the swing circle, okay, just like this hula hoop here, if I place this circle around my shoulder line, this would be neutral except I'm standing tall. So in golf posture, when I bow down into my golf posture, it remains around my shoulder plane. This would be that neutral incline swing circle position. And so this creates a really nice even line of my circle matching my golf club swing angle as well. We call the line angle of the shaft. There you can see how everything's parallel. So as long as I bow down to the golf ball with good hip hinge, which you should be able to do because you're nice and flexible, this positions my chest, my arm hang, and my golf club to match that nice neutral incline swing circle, which my club is going to follow here in a moment once I gets moving. The other benefit of having a neutral incline swing circle is you can have a neutral middle ball position and be rewarded for that. So see how the ball's in the middle of my stance? I'm intending to shift my weight to my lead side. I don't have to go very far. And when that low point moves a little forward with my neutral incline plane, that club can bottom out in a position where I catch the ball just before that perfect little divot. And I'm going to have great contact consistently with very little effort. So let's just demonstrate that. So here's my middle ball position, and my intention is to shift my weight a little bit to my lead side. On the way down. I don't have to go very far, and I have a really great connection at the bottom with the ball in the middle, my circle touching the bottom near the ball, just a little forward with my nice easy weight shift. So the benefit of having great flexibility and that great incline swing circle is that you can have that neutral ball position and everything just matches up really effortlessly. Now, if you have an incline swing, you may still be tempted to take on new swing thoughts that are out there in the golf universe about trying to get your swing more vertical or a little bit flat, but you don't need that. But sometimes it's tempting. So you might be inclined to try and really force a straight back takeaway. And in an effort to do this kind of motion, even for somebody that is neutral and has

That natural incline plane, you could get overly wide. And then what that leads to is potentially a narrowing later in the swing, which can be problematic. You might be taking on too much tension and an effort to try to be too neutral when you're already neutral. So just go with who you are. You don't need to add or do anything. And if you start to take on more of a different swing circle than what you really are and you try to go more upright, or you try to go too flat, it doesn't work for you and your body. You're only gonna be asking to loop the club in an unnecessary way. So just stick with who you are. The benefits of having an incline swing plane is that everything is more flexible with adapting to lies on the golf course. Just bend over a little bit more and you can have a very easy time hitting a ball below your feet stand up slightly taller, and your circle will naturally adjust to a slightly more ball above your feet lie. So uneven lies are easy when you have that incline swing plane. Another built-in benefit of having an incline swing plane is you can hit the ball both ways on demand pretty easily. All you have to do is just simply close or open your stance a little bit, and you can find a draw or a fade within a very small margin of adjustment. You're not pigeonholed into certain ball flights. You can be flexible with which way you wanna hit it as you continue to develop your golf swing and your skills. So there's lots of benefits to having that incline swing plane again, the good news is you're flexible. So you have lots of options on how you wanna move create with create balance in your swing. So just be you embrace your incline swing and you're on your way to playing some great golf. 

Flat Swing Circle Transcript

[https://app.iconik.io/asset/25440eba-df42-11f0-af77-e22d172105db](https://app.iconik.io/asset/25440eba-df42-11f0-af77-e22d172105db) 

Speaker 1 (00:00:00 \-\> 00:02:58)

Wow, you are flexible. Good for you for taking great care of yourself and having that range of motion to open up a nice big golf swing with a big turn. So what is a flat swing circle for somebody that is more flexible? Let's talk about it. Here is a neutral circle shape right around my shoulder plane. And your swing circle is gonna live a little bit flatter than where your shoulders are in space once you bow down. So if I hold my golf club and demonstrate this, I tip forward in my golf posture instead of this circle presenting around my shoulder line. It's gonna be a little bit flatter than my shoulder. So as I swing the club back, you can see how it's living in space a bit lower and deeper around my body line. Now this is gonna create a big windup for you and the depth of your arms traveling back around you in space like this is creating a lot of travel and journey from here back to the ball. So it's a lot of times to pick up speed and power in your swing, which is great as long as you can control it. So there's always a point of diminishing returns when we talk about angles in the golf swing. And if we get really around ourselves and then we start to maybe lose a little bit of our lower leg or we over rotate our pelvis, or even start to really come out of our posture in an effort to turn back so far, just because we're so flexible, we physically can get all the way around here. It might be a little hard to come back and find that golf ball consistently. So we need to put some boundaries or governors on how far around we really wanna go, even if we can get there. And it can be a benefit to having a big swing. What I would say is make sure that your feet aren't flared out too far. Let's keep them a little bit more squared off in our setup. And then as you finish your big turn back here, let's pay attention to the fact that this trail foot your big toe, your knee, and even your hip are nice and loaded. So we don't start to lose that foot, ankle, or knee out to the side. That sway tendency or a tendency to over rotate is only gonna allow you to get actually a little bit too deep for your own good. So let's make sure that even though we have that nice flat, big round circle back here, we're staying in check with our lower body, supporting that big rotation and flexibility that you have. Another thing I'd be on the lookout for is this lead arm. As it pulls back across your chest, let's make sure we just maintain a good equal amount of turn. So we create a little bit of space here of our lead arm, front of our chest so we don't squish back across our bodies so far, just because we can. That's gonna put your hands in a position where you might have a little bit of trouble coming back and finding the ball cleanly. Which brings me to my next point. Let's talk a little bit about low point control. So back with our swing circle, if I show you how a neutral swing circle looks with the angle of the club, this would be a little flatter angle. And what happens is when this starts to go flatter and flatter, the low point actually starts moving back behind the golf ball.

Speaker 2 (00:02:59 \-\> 00:05:43)

We're kind of more predisposed to having a more in to out pattern, which can lead to a nice even smooth draw. Or sometimes it can lead to a little fat earth thin miss. So to compensate for that and match up to your swing circle, I would suggest having a middle ball position or even a little bit slightly back ball position depending on how flat your circle is so that you can catch the ball cleaner and still on the way down for your swing circle and how it's functioning in space. So there's lots of great players that have flatter swings such as the Lydia Cos of the world. And on the guy side, the Matt Kucher of the world have flatter swings. And it's important that when you have that little flatter swing circle that you also have enough posture downward with your body using your great flexible hips to match that circle to where the balls in space so that you don't hit it thin or fat, as I was describing, so enough chest down position. So when those arms in the club work a bit more around you, we can direct that circle back to the ground with nice consistency and clean contact. So something like this. So still hitting great straight shots, even with a flatter swing is possible. We can match up where our circle is in space to the ball. You can still be very, very successful. The thing about, again, the PO combination of posture and a slightly lower flatter swing plane is it still has to have enough steepness to hit the ball cleanly. And you're gonna be somebody that also is managing a lot of rotation because whatever you wind up, you gotta unwind. So equal amount of rotation through is very important because if you wind up all that flexibility and then you don't unwind it, you might have a tendency to swing out to the right, which can lead to pushes and or hooks depending on what your club face looks like. So once again, I would probably say, let's make sure that ball position is middle or slightly back. Let's square off our body and whatever. You wind up in that good posture and with that big turn, you have to be willing to unwind it and create some symmetry on the follow through so you have just as big of a swing circle that goes around you on the follow through side. Or you might leave some shots out to the right. So I still hit a draw there, and that's not even my natural swing circle. I'm a little bit more inclined than you are, but hey, as long as the geometry matches up and you're able to take your flexibility and create the right angles to match up to where the golf ball is, you can be successful. So good on you that you have all that great flexibility, just make sure you harness it and follow along with the tips and tricks that are coming to you in this program. And you're gonna be on your way to playing some great golf with that flat circle.  
