---
title: "John M.mp4"
date: 2022-10-18
duration: 1h 1m
duration_seconds: 3702
vimeo_id: 761463886
folder: "T1|Oct22"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# John M.mp4

**Date:** 2022-10-18 | **Duration:** 1h 1m | **Folder:** T1|Oct22

---

Thanksgiving So hopefully after this presentation nobody's going to have any explosive episodes like Damien but no guarantees. So and we're talking about it's been there basically going to be an extension of what I talked about the last time because a lot of people asked me to go a little bit deeper into in a couple of areas. So I want to do that today. So it's essentially the creative equation and it's all about dialing in your creative to do what your creatives are supposed to do which is grab attention and then drive. People over to your conversion vehicles and that's obviously where all the magic is going to happen.

But we're going to be covering three specific things. I want to start off by sharing some things that have really helped me lately. I've been going through That's impersonal stuff and health stuff related. So there's been couple of things that really helped me. So I want to share them and then we're going to go dive into the main presentation, which is going to be talking about the creation equation.

Creative equation for that matter. And then lastly I'm going to share something that I've been kind of working on developing and testing with a couple of different things that I'm really excited for that could be potentially a big big media buying model to follow in the coming months and potentially years as well. So I'm going to be sharing that as well. So the first I'm going to share three resources and three minutes. The first is a book and somebody may have heard this book some of you may not it's when I stop talking you'll know I'm dead and it's a really really interesting book from a super interesting guy, and I don't know anytime.

I'm like I need to click on or something. My data just listened to this book on Audible and it always learn something always pick something up and it kind of just refreshes me to go out there. This guy he went through some crazy crazy stuff. He's crazy stories. He's got like a deep brunt brunt our Bronx accent as well, which is kind of cool to listen to and it's a really fascinating book and highly recommended if you haven't read it or listened to it.

The next is a podcast by Andrew huberman, which is human Labs podcast. It's Talk about coming up with ideas for big ideas and things that unique mechanisms. This guy's podcast is insane. It's all about he's a newer scientist from Stanford and he's basically they his curriculum these teaching in Stanford. He's just released it on Spotify because he wants to have free education for people and his podcast is absolutely incredible in terms of improving brain function improving hormone function improving your focus your sleep everything else and he interviews some amazing people and it's just a really cool podcast.

But when I'm listening to it, I listen to it from a personal and a health point of view, but I'm also picking up tons of ideas for as I go how he's talking about the brain how to brain works in terms of learning and not learning we can apply it to our marketing we can apply to our messaging it's crazy crazy good and I highly recommended and then the last one is just a strategy that we rolled out to test the potential for a new offer that we are running and you know, a lot of times as marketers. We we're coming up with new offers and like Todd said coming up in new offers and making those new offers work is one of the hardest things that we do. But it's a necessary thing that we need to do, but it's it's not easy to make a new offer work and to develop a new offer, but I want to share like a quick strategy that we use to to test out a potential new offer for the agency and and how it worked. I'll give us a surface level overview. I want to give credit to the person that I've like developed this model from and it's a guy called just in the mirrors from wake up to freedom and it was just a model for Essentially validating a new offer and coming up to your next front end offer and it was just it just worked extremely well, and I just want to share how it works.

So essentially it started off with just completely price qualifying the your your audience to your offer immediately, but also introducing a concept to them that you're thinking about doing and I wanted to do a front end offer for for the agency for for quite some time now and for whatever reason just kind of coming up against a brick wall about getting it done. So it's like well, why don't you just deliver it live and it's going to be done live and you know set to deadline make the commitment you have to show up and do to work like Todd said so put up this post and E5 Nation group thinking about running a workshop how to generate a sales generating YouTube ads and 30 minutes. It's 47 dollars you in so then there was Lots of comments. So respond to people in the comments and essentially just message them on. Facebook saying look to details for the workshops going to be coming in the next day or so.

I'll let you know and the minute I sent them the link people just went to go buy and I created a super simple order form was like did the simplest sales page I've ever created. I think there's maybe 10 lines of copy and a credit card input details and like the the goal was I wanted to have maybe do the workshop live to maybe 30 to 40 people and just have enough people honored to do it live to make it to make a run the works. This sales page converted in the end like a 32% It's like and it's the simplest thing ever. But the we got the people on the live on the workshop the absolutely loved it. And it's it's something that if we're going to be testing and validating offers in the future going to do something along the lines with this and developers the goal now is to take that workshop and we're turning it into a front end offer.

I'm going to build out a an extension of this page obviously full on sales page and everything else, but we know that the Aid at demand is there and be people love the product which is which is even better again. So now we're going to dial this in like Todd said really go to distance on this and turn it into a front end offer for the agency that we can just take and just keep ramp and up keep optimizing keep iterating and keep growing and go from there. So with those out of the way, I want to dive into the creative equation and how to craft attention-grabbing creatives that drive conversions. And before we do I want to kind of talk about the hierarchy of media buying profit and this is something that I've kind of been. Changing and developing as as my own frame of how I see things working has been doing and what I want to talk about for us obviously in the overarching marketing the most important thing is our Market or audience or people or tribe the people that we want to serve the people that we want to help.

they're the most important people because Der. That's that's what we're doing why we're doing what we're doing is to help those people and then after death the next most important thing is your offer and your economics now previously. I talked about this as being your offer as being the most important thing and yes you offer is critical but the economics of your offer alongside that or even more critical because you could have a great offer with stink and economics and it's never going to work like we've had some people we've you know, we've we've helped in the agency and they've come to us and the main issue that we've come up against is like the economics is just completely wrong. They're paying ten dollars a click to make a $7 offer work and it's it's crazy. It's just doesn't work.

So we have to retake that so offer in economics is this critical and we'll be even more critical as ad spend and cost per click and cpms increase and they will be increasing. It's just a natural Trend that we always see is more people come into the market and markets become more saturated more people are advertising and it just like that's what happens costs increase so we have to develop our offers. and economics of our offers as critical and as priority then next after that is creative because we're living in a distracted World whether we like it or not and if we cannot get the attention of the people that we're trying to get the attention of it's it's like it's just not going to work. So creative is so so critical then it's our campaign structure. And then it's the actual pushing of the buttons the media buying and everything else.

But the reality is you're offering your economics and your creative. This is really what makes you the money. And this is what gets blame when things don't get worked where people say. Oh, well the structure the campaign was wrong or they did the way you were doing. The media buying was wrong.

The reality is if something is off, It's often economics first and creative second and assuming that you're targeting the right people in your market, like I talked about at the beginning. So this this is what we need to focus on. Obviously, we're not going to be talking about offering economics. Today. We're going to be talking specifically about to creatives you're going to have the opportunity to hopefully sit down with Paul over the next few days and he's going to be talking about giraffe and he's got he shared a couple of things really around that will some key areas of focus he wants to talk about when it comes to the offer and guys you'll be blown away.

And if you get the chance to sit down with Paul absolutely do when it comes to your offer and but 80 or 80% of your time should be spent in these areas here the offer your economics and you're creatives and Just to kind of give a little snippet and this is all taught by the way, the aid Essentials 2 and offer. These are some of the things that I like to have on top of my mind and it's actually on my Mac and on my iMac. I have a the Post-it note app and I've deposit note there of the eight Essentials to an offer because I always want to have it front and center of what we want to have there. The first one is quick and Oh really? What John really Economics work another word if the average sale at the average alv is let's say a thousand dollars right a thousand dollars.

The reality is that you poorly performing based on sales conversion rate and you scale right? Another words in the average sales worth of thousand dollars you could get Away with even a half a percent sales conversion rate in the majority of markets and you're still going to be doing extraordinarily well, so that the economics of the author when we say the economics of the offer with John says that what John's talking about is the exchange the cost and the Valley of the transaction. What does it cost you to produce that transaction? And what is the revenue that you get back in that transaction that's open to be the game that we're playing right? We're not playing a sales conversion game.

We're playing an economic game. We're playing an exchange game between cost and value. This is why you heard you say it's holding times that we're investors. That's all we're doing. Right those those buyers are assets, right?

There's a possible acquired them. And then there's a value to us. There's a value to us today to be acquire them and there's a value in the in the future. It's not about like at the end of the day you can have it all that is converting extremely well, but yet like John said yeah economics are terrible. Or you're not gonna be able to scale that off.

You can also have an offer that's not performing. Well based purely on sales conversion rate, but economically it puts you within the right kpi. Therefore. It is scaled. So based on that those two alone the fact that you could have a sales conversion rate that's through the roof but economics that are bad therefore it's not scalable and you can also have economics that are great.

Right and a low sales conversion rate and that is scalable. The reality is you should realize from those two examples of those those two things that the game is quote or Lost based on the economics based on the economics. It's about Engineering in all for that allows the economics to be where they need to be not necessarily the sales converter just because you have a little sales conversion rate doesn't mean you can't make the offer work economically and just because you have a high sales conversion rate doesn't mean that economically be offers gonna work. But what matters is the economics not the sales. Yeah, absolutely.

So they ate Essentials to a high converting offer and like Paul is going to be helping you with offer as much as possible. But I just want to frame how we think about it and like this is this is something that I think is so important and there's elements statistic. You don't have to include all eight. But if you can include as many of these as possible, it's going to go along the way towards you having an offer that is economically viable and everything else because the market will just go mad for so quick and easy to implement produces fast results is viewed as new and different is superior to others. is it solves a significant problem or unfulfilled desire can be positioned as done for you gives prospects confidence and hope and the last one which I think is the most important is in terms of the economics is has a natural alignment with an exciting opsal tart has talked about this in the past and it's always good to to go back over this because sometimes we can we can be sucked in by the shiny stuff and everything else but it's these eight elements that like if you have as many of these elements in your offers as possible, it makes things a hell of a lot easier when we are trying to dial in things human economic point of view.

So, like I said, we're gonna be talking specifically about creative and I wanted the one thing I prefaced last the last time I was here in February. I couldn't make it in the in the summer time. Unfortunately, but was that Facebook and YouTube are completely different and we're going to be talking specifically with YouTube creatives now video creatives specifically, but like people go to Facebook to switch off and people go to YouTube to switch on there's two things that people do when they go to YouTube to either go to be entertained. Are they Gordy to learn now? Unfortunately, I'm not very good at entertain people.

So when I'm tapping into YouTube, I want to tap into the fact that people want to go to learn someone like Kevin obviously can is very entertaining so he could he could tap into bold elements where his with his campaigns and what is creatives and everything else but specifically today I want to tap into the fact that people go to YouTube to learn things when they go there they're in They're in on mode like they're in there to learn during their to get better at some things or in a defined a solution to a problem with everything else. And this is something that we can use to our advantage when they're on Facebook. They're mindlessly scrolling and we have to do a lot to get that tone stop and everything else does there's a completely different Dynamic well in YouTube they're going there to get solutions to their problems and we know exactly what Solutions they're looking for because they're searching them into YouTube or they're following certain people and we can tap into that. So that's what we're going to be talking about. So what is the creative equation with its just four steps?

It's interrupt engage educate and offer simple as that and that's the equation. So let's dive into each one. So they interrupt stage is the most critical is the most important because most people are operating their daily lives. And like in in a vacuum, they're just like they're not switched on they're they're getting sucked into different things of their own problems. They've their own issues in life.

There's there's personal problems professional problems. And a lot of what they're doing is just on an autopilot. They're just kind of zoning true life. And if we don't interrupt that and get them out of downtime into uptime, it's like the game is lost. And that's what we interrupted.

It's all done with our hook with our how we begin or our video think of it like the lead for your video very much the same thing the lead is what it's the most critical part of a campaign. But in your in your video did the hook of that is the most critical part because while yes YouTube is fantastic that you get their own divided attention for at least five seconds that five seconds. We need to dial it in or they're gone. They're gonna hit. Skip The next part is engage.

And this is where we want to this is one area where you see a lot of people later do one of two things but to engage part is all about Letting them know who you were in a way that's relevant to the problems that they have or they're unfulfilled desires that they want to fulfill. A lot of people what they do is they start introducing themselves and starkling and don't like a two-minute tirade of how fantastic they're how many Lamborghinis to have how many houses to have and all the Fantastic things is done and it's like I really don't care. What can you do for me? What can you do for me as it relates to my problem? So we want our Authority Section to be super snaps super super quick and I'm gonna share a couple of examples in a moment that really does this nicely and it's like it gets to the point super quick because again, we have a limited time frame.

We're trying to get their attention in this stage. So then the third stage is all about the education stage. So again, they're there to learn and we don't necessarily have to I'll be going a little bit more detail in the second but people think about education or I need to teach them something I need to go down this rabbit hole and you don't necessarily do that. You could be educating them on your unique mechanism of why it's why it's better and Superior to everything else. There's Ways we can educate and I'm going to share a couple examples of that in a moment.

Then the last section is all about your offer. What's the call to action? What do you want them to do? And how do you want them to do it and with the more specific we can be the better because people not a lot of people are very good at following instructions. So we need to be very very dialed in with the instructions that we give them so we know that they'll do exactly what we want them to do.

So let's dive into each component. So they interrupt stage which is all about your hook and this is typically anywhere from zero to 30 seconds. Obviously not zero, but in that frame and we only get paid are we going to get charged on YouTube if someone watches 30 seconds over at so that's really really good. So what we want to do in the first five seconds is make sure that people are not a good fit that they hit the skip button and the people that are a good fit that they keep watching. So we do that with our hook.

and then so like essentially what we want to be doing is attracting the right people in alienating the wrong people and I'm going to be sharing some examples and in a few moments which kind of really dials Us in we have some specific Frameworks that we use that are really that really really work and will continue to work and they all kind of stem Under the Umbrella of a guide a lot of you would know and I'll be sharing who he is in a few moments, but it's all stands on an umbrella of his ethos for for marketing and messaging and everything else. So then when we get to the Authority Section essentially what we're doing here is we're introducing ourselves and we're building authority in a way that's relevant to the problems that our Market has the solutions that they're looking for. We're not talking about ourselves and all the Fantastic things. We've done we're talking specifically about the problems that we help our people solve are we the problems that we solve for people and in sometimes we may offer an early call to action here depending on the type of campaign. We're running so say for example If we're running like a lead gen campaign for a webinar or something like that.

We can generally introduce a call to action early here. If it's more of a purchase campaign where we're looking to drive a front-end sale introduce in a call to action at this stage doesn't really make sense because we need to we've just talked about ourselves more so than anything else. So introducing a call to action for your offer doesn't really make sense. Then when we get to the education section. This is all about teaching either teaching or demonstrating and just two ways we can go about demonstrating which I'll talk about in a second but this is the core of your video and this is all about being educational being introducing some aha moments each introducing some moments of a different shift in thinking a shift in perspective.

It doesn't necessarily have to be have to be doing like a full-on teaching how to or anything like that but it's it's all about it either a shift and perspective or shift in thinking and two ways that we we found that this is working the best right now. Is that a if you have your unique mechanism dialed in go all in on unique mechanism talk about that but a lot of people for whatever reason And they struggle with a unique mechanism and a struggle to get help with that. And if you're in that stage right now take advantage of the acquisition accelerator and the coaching team Michael Paul and everybody else. Like they can help you dial in your unique mechanism. But if you don't have that dialed in you can't speak directly to the problems that your prospects have and speak to the solutions that can that can that can leverage to to solve them and the other way we talk about demonstrate and then is that some products are very demonstratable like say there's an example.

I'm going to be sharing of one of our coaching clients who helps people play guitar. On a video that's very demonstratable. You can demonstrate good guitar bad guitar and everything else in between. It's very visual. So it works really well.

So if you have products that are demonstratable whether it may be Kev, you could be doing some like live copy critique same with you John and things like that. So they're very demonstratable. You can show comparisons A and B that's visual that draws people in and that works really well. And then what we get to the offer section typically just two things that we do depending on the type of offer. If it's Legion will tell them like Go go download this.

It's the copy on the the videos. It's all specific to what the action that we want them to take the intention that we want them to take. We're all about optimizing intention. So if it's something that we want them to download it's all around downloading if we want them to register for something. It's all around registering and then something else that we like to do is not only tell them but show them so like a lot of people they're they're jaded with with the internet marketing world did digital marketing World.

They've been bombarded with offers. They've been let down by people in the past and they have a certain level of hesitancy about taking actions. So when we show them exactly what's going to happen when they take those actions, so let's say if it's a if it's a webinar and we say click the button on your screen right now and you'll be brought to a page that looks like this and you can see on this page. There's a registration form with a green button. You're gonna put in your details, you're gonna hit that green button, and then you're going to Brought to a page that looks like this and on this page, you can see that there's a video from me.

There's a link to add it to your calendar and then there's a couple of extra bits of information you really want to take note of what we've done is we've just Brought their level of risk tolerance down to a point where they're feeling a little bit more open about taking the action because they know what's going to happen when to take the action. So there's no kind of like well am I going to be bombarded with offers? Am I going to be doing this? Am I going to see this? Am I gonna be brought to a website with pop-ups and pop downs and everything else and and like fishing and all this kind of scammy stuff.

So it just brings their risk tolerance down to a point where they're comfortable taking that action. So let's look at some examples of this. So in terms of the hooks, like I said, there's five specific ones. We use there's a couple of extra ones but there's these are the five ones that we use over and over again and I'll be sharing examples of these so we can actually see what they look like some what see what they hear like and everything else. The first one is towards pleasure as in what's their Paradise.

What's what our prospects looking for? They're going to YouTube to search for a solution. The pleasure doesn't have to be the like, they're very end goal that they're looking for like they did their Holy Grail, but it could be a step towards that pleasure. Say for example, one of our clients top one member Pete when Zulily who unfortunately can't be here today. He's in the stock trading space and his like his people's end.

Holy Grail goal is You know making profits daily in the stock market and being able to like he did the language. We've used based on Research in this market. A lot of the people want to do just not make any kind of crazy financial goals, but just to generate anywhere from four to six to eight to 10K per month profitably Trading. Like in in their spare time because a lot of them are, you know entrepreneurs a lot of them are they're working full-time and everything else. So this want to make certain amounts of extra income in from Trading but Well under along that journey to specific things that they're all so need to be put into place.

So say for example, there's a like one of the ones that we've tapped into a lot with piece is there's this trading software called trading view a lot of people might know if you're into trading it's like a chat reading software and stuff like that and a lot of people just don't know how to use trading view. So there's a lot of search volume around trading view tutorials and stuff like that. So that's that's something that we can tap into. We're not necessarily talking immediately about their angle, but we can talk specifically about those problems and solution type things and and so on. So then away from pain is the next one.

So that's people a lot of people like they they respond differently to towards pleasure hooks might necessarily get their attention but away from Pain hooks my get their attention even more and a few months ago, maybe even towards the end of last year on one of your marketing calls Todd you talked about that's oftentimes people would be more willing to move away from Pain and towards pleasure. Like someone would rather not lose 10,000 then to make 10,000 and make decisions based on going away from Pain instead of going towards pleasure. So that's what we want to tap into and generally speaking the goals with all of these hooks. I'll go into the other ones in a few moments. Yes, you're trying to find which ones well resonate the most with certain people and you're trying to find your your winning hooks to dial in but the reality is that we have five hooks here some people respond to hook one.

Some people will respond to hook too. But if we only use one hook if we only use one introduction to our video, we've only one chance of getting the attention of someone. Why not use more? So that's what we do. It's not necessarily just to find a winner to dial into winner.

It's also other some people will respond differently to different things. So we want to put as many hooks out into the water so we can catch as many fish as possible. So the third one is a logic or a stats-based one. Some people are very logically minded some people love stats and they love to find out the reasons why behind things that are done at certain way so we can use logic or stats not only to hook them in emotionally to what we were talking about so we can use emotional visceral stats that really make their stomach churn. They like they but draw them in I can share some examples of those that have worked really well and or we can just use logic that's ones that like just make sense to them and we can get their attention that way.

The fourth one is one that I've it's kind of becoming a little bit more popular but not a lot of people are using it at the same time. It's where we direct or Focus immediately in the ad, so we're like we're directing their focus as we want either them to look at something where we want them to focus on something and we want them to think about something specifically and it works really well and when you see the example, you'll say well that's so easy like yes, it's so easy and and it works and hopefully you'll start using it then the last one is kind of what I'm calling a trailer for your ad. So it's basically you're taking some core component of your ad like a clip maybe it's five two to three to four to five seconds clip of your ad think of it like a trailer and you're putting down at the very very beginning and it just it's like it's so after hope and so different that it just catches people's attention and you'll know more when I share some examples, so that's all about the interrupt stage and it's the most critical part. It's the most important part because if we can't interrupt them if we can't get them out of downtime into Time we're paying attention to us. The game is lost.

So then when we're in the engage section again, we want to introduce ourselves or and kind of engage them a little bit further as how we can help them solve their problem or how we can help them meet their unfulfilled desire in a way that's relevant to them. So we might say something like hi. My name is Pete Renzulli, and since 2000 have helped tens of thousands of regular folks straight stocks properly using order flow stacking. Pete didn't talk about the millions of these met trading and how many houses he has and Yachts and all just everything in between like puffery and stuff. a lot of people may use because they don't Shore what else to do or to see other people talking about that stuff.

He says something very specifically how you help someone achieve what it is that they want to achieve. And then we go into the educate section and this is typically anywhere from 30 seconds to two minutes and we can either go into a kind of a problem slash solution scenario, or we can do you know speak about our unique mechanism how it's different and Superior to others like I mentioned and in our offer section of the call to action very very simple. Click the link below to watch our free training on how order flow stacking can help you make more money trade in stocks in as little as 14 days and then we have that optional. We actually show them exactly what we want them to do. So like I said the interrupts.

Stage which is our hook stage is the most important. It's the most critical and all of these hooks that we use their work a hell of a lot better when we based on this quote from one of the greatest marketing Minds that's ever lived Robert Collier. It's like enter the conversation. It's already in their mind. Like there's certain things that's in their mind right now certain problems certain good things bad things that they're thinking about and when we enter the conversation that's in your mind.

that immediately snaps them out of whatever else they're doing and it gets their attention an example. I want to share is I don't have the video of it to share here, but it was done really well and the like Tony Robbins and Dean Gratiot. See they've launched her. Different different offers that they've launched recently but one of the offers at the launched about there was like a few specific ads that they used that were I don't know how well they're performed. But the there was one specific that that I taught was really well done and it was this Saturday off by talking about what everybody else was talking about talking about the the rising gas prices the recession and everything else and like it's topic of conversation.

It's the conversation. It's in people's mind and it catches their attention a cat it draws them in. It's like yeah, and then they transitioned into the offer and everything else after that but like it's that whole thing of Entering the conversation. It's in people's mind is so critical and the Five Hooks that we use they kind of fall in under that umbrella because if you like regardless if you use the Five Hooks or use something else if you do this and do nothing else, you're going to get their attention you're going to draw them in because it's what's on people's mind and it's it's their top of mind. So let's dive into some examples of the Frameworks.

I'm hoping to sound will work because it's like I think it might just be sound from my Mac that's going to work, but we'll dive in so that the Five Hooks just to just to share some examples and I have an extra one to share as well. But again, it's towards pleasure away from Pain and after all either like a visceral or emotional statistic director or attention or they add trailer and then like we have an optional one where we can use like a case study if we have testimonial reals we can use it in a very very specific way that works. Well or if we have say one or two testimonials, whether it's a video testimonial and image and email a comment whatever it is, we can leverage that and to a video out as well, which I'll talk about in a sec. So the first one is towards pleasure. And this is one of our coaching clients Christian who who's like he's into guitar space teaching space and he's like we've like as we're like iterating and dialing in his campaigns.

He's never had a media buying issue. He's like he's he's really good on camera. He's comes across really kind of, you know genuine and it's just very good on camera and like he's his media buying is always been dialed in like the metrics that he hits in his media buying or always really solid and but then like we've were either raining for his campaigns and dialing in his his aov and everything else but like take a look at this from a towards Pleasure Point of View and just imagine that you want to get better at playing guitar. And we have no sound. Can we make that higher?

No? Okay, so if the sound doesn't work on these I might just have to send people afterwards but this is like it's a really good example of towards pleasure because he's demonstrating the paradise that people want he's demonstrating what it sounds like to be an amazing guitar player and he's like what like any and he's introducing. It's like what this is exactly how you do so works really well and For some reason the sound isn't working so it won't come across as well, but you'll get the idea. So then away from paying this is one of our previous E5 coaching clients and they're in the Spanish-speaking space a company called share lingo and not for profit for company, but like not for profit company who's using direct response marketing like crazy, which is really cool. And they're in the Spanish speaking space divly have two arms that are business they to help Spanish people speak English and they help English people speak Spanish and this particular campaign that they use on YouTube that we help them dial in they actually had to turn it off because they were getting so many conversion so many more conversions of getting English people buying their Spanish course that they had to turn it off because they had to dial up the Spanish-speaking and the Spanish people to learn English course, so like and it works really well and this this ad or away from Pain ad was basically just talking about the pains and distributions of trying to learn Spanish and now the sound might work, occurred out there right on our advantage probably can't hear that.

Can you? Would you actually like to hear? Yeah, okay. So let's we'll go back if Lizzy can fix that. one thing that's a key thing Marshall years ago, right like the whole right angle targeting.

So that's what is the software that you're marketing uses. What is the unique terminology that they're especially for keyword search-based whether it's AdWords or YouTube, right? But yeah, so we would have Ties on accusing soft and click funnels and good job people like that identifies something like it for robots. What are those phrases in terms a Christian like Christians are originally going out there like going on like guitar and then I was like, you know, I told this anymore like after people looking to learn English a different level. It's hard player.

It's not being here a little bit of experience which is what it's offers. So just thinking through that like, what are those terms or not? But you do identify something is that from is that from the Swiss Army? Yeah, this is our level here because they Google that I think it's still available if your Google Swiss Army Perry Marshall see there might be a PDF going through that whole method of identifying these kind of sub keyword sub targets to look at that's really like really really solid. So hopefully the sound will play this now.

So this is towards pleasure from Christian. The pretty cool right when this video I'm going to show you how you can do that too. So that's Christian. Like that's the hook that's like that hooks people in and this Sam if a member correctly this because that specific towards pleasure ad and we have like the metrics that we would normally in for for a YouTube ad is 2% clicker rate and 20 what 20% view rate and 2% Click to rate. His view rate was in the 40s his click through it was like three point something like really really solid and it's like it wasn't just that when we used the other ones as well.

But that was like definitely a standout one and this is a way from pain from sheer lingo guys. If it feels like you've tried every app every course and every approach out there to try to learn Spanish if you wonder if you'll ever be successful speaking Spanish, if your spouse or partner laughs at you when you tell them you found it another thing you're going to try so you can finally speak Spanish You're Not Alone. Very very straightforward and like actually in that example. He tapped into a few different painful scenarios and probably the most the most critical one is the the whole spouse reaction one and that's something that can we can tap into a lock because you know, a lot of times our loved ones for whatever. For whatever reason good good bad or indifferent.

They like we can come to loggerheads over things. So when we can tap into that we get that visceral emotional. Yeah things. Yeah, it is happening so and it just works. So this is an example of using stats and this is from the Dow Jones crew and like with their with the Dow Jones off for they were driving specifically to a webinar and helping specifically help help women become more financially educated and and you know, Dialing and become financially free tutor trudor Dow Jones program and this is a stat where they're using some facts based on women and financial education.

shocking facts about women and fun women are five times more likely than men to live paycheck to paycheck. And nearly 70% of millennial women don't save money because they're only earning enough to get one. Well, 60% of Gen X women have less than a thousand dollars. On top, so like she shared a couple of extra stats as well. But you get the idea or sharing some stats like that can work really well.

So that wasn't necessarily a visceral stat. So more visceral start maybe and I probably get some of the actual figures a little bit wrong, but let's say in the digital marketing space. There's just some statistics statistics around that so so we say did you know that there's 3.1 million digital marketers active online in the United States today? Yet only 1.3% of those have made over a hundred thousand dollars in a year. And at the average revenue for an online business today is only 56,000.

Now if you're earning less or around that 56,000 Mark you may have asked yourself in the past. Why is it that 98.7% of online businesses? Can't make it work. And if you're in that 98.7% you may be questioning yourself. You may be doubting yourself.

You may be having arguments with your spouse where they're saying why you always stuck in your computer. We're not making any money. So like that's a hook where we can introduce some stats and turn it into a visceral reaction to really gets your Market thinking and it's like yeah, I'm in this bracket. I want to be in this bracket. I've been sold.

This idea this stream and it's just not working so we can use stats to our advantage and we use visceral stats like that to generate a reaction to them. We get their attention we can draw them in. So this is them the director tension type of an hook and this is done with Pete now. Pete did this particular one and with a little bit of Humor, and when we were mapping out the this particular ad I didn't tell them to use the humor. He just used a humor himself because that's his that's in his nature and Todd.

If you see this video the the PC uses is actually one of the swipe files from the decade swipe file and like he uses it intentionally when it worked really well and this ad this ad like Crazy good for this particular campaign. We were running. Hey Steve, have you ever wondered why some people almost always seem to make money in the stock market? Well right here in this very simple guide. I have the answer for you.

You can Master these 475 Just kidding. This is actually what you want. This is 12 days of diamonds that was crafted in my New York City trading office soil. Like he's directing detention to focus on the thing that he wants to give them and like he used a swipe file thing just as a bit call it a pattern and drop collar what you want, but I usually just a little bit of humor and kind of throws people off but it worked you don't have to use the humor element but it's directing your attention to specific thing. Now in this one.

This is the an ad trailer. This is actually one of Todd's videos for the perfect funnel opening script and Todd you may notice after this trailer for the ad the Todd also uses the director attention. He's getting into focus on something very very specific but doing it in different ways not pointing at anything tangible. He's like just talking about something very specific. but first it starts with a trailer for the actual ad So like the trailer part at the beginning it was just something specific curiosity driven from like that.

That's maybe 40% into the the video 50% It doesn't matter where it is. You're just drawing it out and put it at the beginning and then like it just gets to the good stuff straight away and then like tab was using the see this bit here, you're pointing your directing your attention the more we can have them Focus the longer we can keep their attention as well. So this is the case study angle and this is one where it's the testimonial real for for top one that you did a little while back in this the testimonial real the case study one. Generally you wouldn't do it for for cold traffic works a lot better for like warm traffic that are a little bit further down your funnel maybe Dave if you're doing like retargeting or you're doing a specific promotion and internal promotion where you want to run ads alongside. So it's kind of like a hybrid email slash and add promotion.

They kind of case study real works works really? Well the other one which I'll give a personal example of in a moment, which is that this is X kind of follows the the whole Subway style Jared who this was Jared. He was the McDonald's and it's Subway. And this is what he looks like now blah blah and in Damien what told me that that Jared guy ended up being a bit of a bit of another and he's yeah, so well, let's said about Jared better than but the case study testimonial show real it's not just of what people do is they get these testimonial reels and they just stick them up. And that's fine.

But we can we can a little bit smarter about how we stick them up like when Todd did this one like this was all Todd's making he was like he like he prefaced what was going to happen. At the beginning he didn't just say so. here Lindsay stand 14 million great for the month with barely a smile on her face. but that's That and that's the the case study showroom, but the other one that we can use for for cold traffic is that this is X example, so it doesn't have to be a testimonial video. So what we're going to be doing imagine, you're the framing of this screen here.

So on the Telly, so if I'm standing in the middle of a screen, I might look to the camera and I might point at a corner somewhere. Right and but then what's going to flash up is either a thumbnail of a video or an image or in email from someone that was a testimonial and I might say might say something like this is Todd. And it like it'll flash to the image of Taz testimonial will toads might be saying. Oh we were we were spent we were our CPA was $250 and changed one thing based on John's recommendation and our CPAs a hundred and twenty or whatever the case is, but then we can Flash up the image on the screen people will read to testimonials. So you don't need to read it.

What you can do is you can paraphrase the story of how Todd achieved that while still flashing it up in the screen. So it's like this is Todd Todd CPA was 250. It's now 125 basically how we did this if you want to find how we did it keep watching. So it's just a hook just to get them to keep watching just to get them to keep watching the video. So how do we shoot our ads then?

So how we shoot our ads I talk briefly about this the last time when it's going to go into mention it again because it's important because a lot of people get hung up on day. Okay. I understand I have to do video ads. I understand that the concept and the framework to use it but then you just don't shoot them for whatever reason or they expect at their videos. Like they that the need a camera like that and the need external mics and and everything else in between a certain things that we do recommend you have what it could be just as simple Your phone as well with an external mic.

It doesn't have to be that complicated. So how we go about shooting them is we want to shoot our hooks first. and if we can we want to shoot her each hook in a different location, and it's not just to have Each hook in a different location. We want to do that for a more strategic reason because the type of last time we were talking about campaign structure one of the core components that we use in our campaign structure is we don't cap. Impression frequency we cap view frequency.

So where we want to show our ads to as many people over to people as many times as possible on a view frequency, not an impression or not on a view cap, not an impression cap. And the reason why we want to do that is because If I show my ad to someone first and they hit the skip button if I was capping Impressions, they wouldn't see any other ad for me. But if I if I if if I don't do that and I had all my hooks shot into one location. So let's say I shot all my hooks in the office with the same backdrop and I show hook number one to to my market and they don't respond and I serve them hook number two. Without even planned without even get to go I seen that video before I seen that ad I'm gonna skip it without even watching it.

But if it's in a different location, we catch them off guard again. It's going to be a different hook in a different location. So we have another opportunity to to kind of get out of that cattle categorical imperative where we can sort of they don't immediately say, oh I've seen this guy before I've seen as that it's the same ad over and over again and if we showed our house if we shot our Hooks and the exact same location Regardless of whether they've seen them or not. They immediately just see the backdrop location and everything else. Will they go I've seen that gone next Skip and that's not what we want to do.

So we shoot them in different locations if possible. Yes, so they so basically the format of the video and it's basically just on another couple of slides here, but it's basically our hooks. the intro The body and the call to action the intro body and call to action are all the same. But it's just a hoax that we want to be different. So we've essentially one video and Five Hooks becomes five videos.

Yes, so it's state exact same exact same hook just in five locations. And we want to shoot the so once we've shot our hooks, we're going to shoot the intro portion the body portion and call to action portion. To get her and if you wanted to you could do those in different locations as well. If you want to get really fancy with post-production editing and switching up locations, but it's it's not necessary. The most critical thing is is your hooks in different locations.

and then like I anytime we're doing kind of video creatives and always use a teleprompter because it's just eliminates the ohms the hours and everything else and just just use even if you think that you're amazing on camera. Just use a teleprompter. It just makes it so much easier and it's really what is the secret to to knocking out creative super fast is once you have your script dialed in you feed it into the teleprompter and you can knock out five to twenty five videos if you wanted to in 30 to 40 minutes because all you just sit there in front of the camera and you dial it in and you just deliver it just very very straightforward. And so many people that they afterwards day do they go I don't need to teleprompter. I'm amazing.

I'm and then afterwards it's like it's okay. but if we want to get the best results possible do what we need to do, even if we don't want to do it like like Todd said the other thing the parrot that's the picture that's on here. So yeah, so I use the two things I use which is the I have apple. So I'm an Apple guy. So the app that I have that I use it's called teleprompt plus tree.

It's like 20 dollars on the App Store. It's probably the most expensive app in the app store for whatever reason but it's it's just incredible. You can actually record natively on that without using a parrot or DSLR. So you can just essentially record true that teleprompter it'll feed up your text in either landscape or portrait or whatever you want and like it's it's HD quality, but if you want to go an extra step I use the power telephometer like Todd says and it's It's just your phone sits on it. It has a mirror that feeds into your camera and it's just seamless and the app or the parrot.

I think it's like $90 on Amazon and it's it's a steal. We haven't used we haven't really done a whole lot with Facebook lives, but you could probably make it work. What what kind of teleprompt are you using? Probably. Yeah, it's just for Mac, but it's it's incredible.

Yeah. Sorry, no, you're cool. So then post-production wise some of the things that that we haven't really been using a lot but we're going to be putting a lot more focus into because we've seen some amazing results with them and is basically using graphic callouts on our videos using the fascal editing style. But in two specific things that we've seen working really well for one of our clients that sadly can't be here today because he's he's presenting Jim Baker so he's using big pretty big huge captions on screen and like they're working extremely well and then he has some music in the background as well as a soft music in the background and like that's been we've we've tested that and it's it's like night and day difference between click jewelry rates and and view rates just saying I want to share an example of this video that we're using right now and like this was all Jim like did Jim give us this creative. He's like, this is what I want to run based on everything else and like it just knocked it out of the park.

So Over the Earth the God is raising up a new breed of welder. So we'll use their money to shape the course of world history without building a golden calf. You see true Prosperity is not about toys and trinkets. It's about influence and impact Building Wealth is not just so I won't play the whole thing. So then after about after about 10-15 seconds after this to Transitions into gym token to camera and that video like we talked about last time.

I was last time I was present we talked about the feed the fact that we have to on Facebook. We have to constantly feed the beast and like Feed the Beast Feed the Beast always talk about new creatives new creatives and like we're it's a challenge we always run into with like when we're running Facebook ads for you guys. It's like creative creative creative and it's it's difficult that ad Is only ad we run on YouTube. And we've been running it for months. And it's like in the finance space generating leads for five to six dollars a lead in the finance basis.

As no mean feat and it's just one ad running over and over again and it's it just works really well and like Jim. I know he dialed in the ad before before we got it. But like it's it just works extremely extremely well and that's like something that we absolutely love about YouTube versus Facebook is that you don't have to be constantly. Yes, you have to work hard to get your creatives in place first of all, but it's not constantly coming up with new stuff and new stuff and new stuff because the the news feed just burns out is because we have their attention for that first five seconds and if we can extend that five seconds it it's magic. So the last thing I want to share is just a strategy that we've been we've worked on with with some of our clients and it's really getting some really promise and results don't have enough results to say that it's going to be that thing but it's extremely positive and I'm quite bullish about this.

It's more of a medium term to long term strategy. But lately we found a way to get some short-term results out of it as well and don't have a fancy For the minute, so I'm just calling it The S3 method. So what it is is the main objectives of this method is to infiltrate cold audiences that we've not been able to get and without paying astronomical and cpms and CPAs. We grow our subscriber numbers YouTube subscribers specifically and we generate sales. So it's basically tree campaigns very very straightforward.

Anybody can use this approach whether you have a YouTube channel with a hundred thousand subscribers five subscribers or what are something in between you can use this approach. So tree campaigns. There. It is a Solutions campaign. This is a subscriber campaign and there's a sales campaign.

So let's talk about the solutions campaign. So what we're going to be doing we researched the keywords and the problems that are prospects are searching for in YouTube. So we do some essentially some keyword research and we like we're what we're going to end up doing is based on that research based on the highest volume keywords that are prospects are looking for solutions to we record this becomes now our organic YouTube strategy, but then we're essentially think of it like pouring gasoline onto a fire. They fire is your organic strategy in the gasoline is the ads that we're going to put behind them? So what we do is we record one to two videos a week based on the solutions that are problems our prospects.

Have we don't just Come up with 10 video ideas and just record them it they're very specific and very strategic say for example trading view tutorial. So just people looking for help with trading view, so we record a video saying The in this video we're going to be sharing a trade review tutorial. It'll help you do x y and z and we put we run ads targeting those specific keywords. So we run skippable in stream ads to the keywords only so it's a keywords only campaign. targeting just the keyword that of prosperity is looking for so we wouldn't do run this ad to the stock trading keyword because it's too broad.

We run it to a very specific problem solution type keyword. So say for example trading view tutorials. Someone's looking for a tutorial on trading View and then we put that ad on in front of every other trading view tutorial. Out there on YouTube and we start off immediately in the ad going in this video. We're going to trading view tutorial on blah blah and then you actually going and do the trading view tutorial.

So you go through X Y and Z. So what we're doing is we're just capitalizing on the fact that people are in YouTube searching for Solutions. And in the call to action on this isn't to get them to go down to your funnel or to rabbit hole and everything else call to action is just get them to your channel to subscribe. So give you like this video. If you'd like this video on YouTube on tradingview tutorials.

We have a bunch of other videos on trading on I'm stock tips and everything else in between. You can hit the Subscribe button and head on over to our Channel and hit the notifications in the Bell. So it's a very very soft call to action. We're not directing to our funnel and then the second campaign is a subscriber campaign. So this is basically what we're going to do.

We're going to Target the viewers. Of the ads, we just served them to specifics problem solution type ads that we've just served them and we're going to it's a basically this is where we're going to introduce or story a little bit more or backstory. So say for example for MFA, you know that video of you and how he got started with the the E5 method and everything else. We may have that video but the call to action then is going to be to subscribe to the channel. So what we're doing here is we're just we're building up our YouTube subscriber YouTube channel subscribers.

So we have campaign number one to reach out to cold audiences. We're looking for solutions to problems the problems that we solve campaign. Number two is targeting the viewers of those videos and asking them to subscribe to our Channel and we use this a little tip that you can use when used in your call to action. You're going to be sending them to your channel, but don't just send them to your channel add this little bit of code on the end, which is question mark So underscore from confirmation equals one and what happens when you send someone to your Channel with that on the end of it a pop-up appears it says do you want to confirm you want to subscribe to this channel? So they've already it's like they've already hit the Subscribe button and a pop-up and all I have to do is hit it again, and they're instantly subscribed.

And then the last one is a sales campaign. So this is we're only going to be targeting our subscribers from this process. And this is where we send them down a rabbit hole of a eight or send them to our funnel or application and everything else in between and what I really like about this is that We've done a lot of the heavy lifting at this stage. We've already shown them that we can solve their problems. We've they may have drank or Kool-Aid of our YouTube channel where they watch video over the video over the video and in at the very end point here.

We're using both a YouTube campaign to drive them into our funnel and we're augmenting that with something like Google Display Network. We've been utilizing this for Pete in his because Pete has a very he is an active YouTube channel. He publishes a video every single day five days a week and we've utilized this strategy for Pete to get his his main front end offer is his boot camp. It's like it's a 14-day boot camp on on order flow stacking which is his method for for trading and using this strategy. We've not only grown as subscriber base.

We've grown his views base and we've got his boot camp CPA specifically with this strategy at like I think it's about 75% to 80% of what is allowable is so he's he'll comfortably pay 220 to 250. I'm sailed. The boot camp is 195. The aov is about 260 ish or something like that and we've get where we're currently getting boot camp purchases at about the 170 to 180 Mark. So very very comfortable and lots of room to scale and unfortunately can't be here this week as we wanted to sit down and really say, okay now it's time to pour the gas on because we're comfortable with this and and everything else.

But like the reason why I'm so excited about this strategy is that we're kind of tapping into audiences that we may not ordinarily be able to tap into and I was having a conversation with Joel Airway who also he's unfortunately it was there was a debt in his family so he couldn't be here but something that he said really kind of stemmed me to really want to focus more on this and he talked about the the idea of Gated versus ungated marketing that direct response marketers or default is to to do gated American and if you want this information, you got to opt in for it. You got to register for this. You got to give me your emails to get this information and he did some research and the ungated opportunity is huge and untapped because the rec response marketers want to just get people's information immediately. But if you have an ungated marketing approach where you're willing to to Showcase your value before you even ask for an email that just it just opens it up even further because very few direct response marketers are willing to do that. So you're like like you talked about delaying gratification.

It's essentially delaying gratification for for your offers and everything else. But doing it in a way that expands your subscriber base expand your your reach expands the amount of people who know who you are and how you can help them. And delaying the gratification of getting their details and getting into your funnel and we don't have a huge amount of data on this yet, but I'm pretty bullish on it. I'm excited to to roll it out for for as many people as possible because I think I think it could be really really strong way of doing YouTube ads in the future as well. Anybody have any questions?

Having to build up a subscriber base and then market for them or in the recency of them subscribing and then you making offers. It's good question. I mean that I don't know how we best to answer it. I mean, I feel it's down to the fact that I can I share an example that's real world. So a lot of people like Pete say when he's doing his boot camp.

When he's upgrading people to annual. When he's upgrading people that may have bought directly from an ad that hasn't gone through YouTube and videos and everything else. He like he says empirically that it's a difficult sale versus when he speaks to someone's like. Yeah. I'm I've just been watched all your YouTube videos.

Where do I sign up? So like they're getting they're getting the value to the it's like they know like trust Factor. They've already drank the Kool-Aid you just making them the offer. All right.
