# Charles J Givens

**Source File:** Charles J Givens.pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1466183188.0

---

## The Washington Post; Jul 27, 1982

F
A
FULL CUT

# PRIME


# RIB

I
$~;~95

# $7 •9 5

5
9
R 4

# , s.tJ. ,


# ~~dr:b~

GUARANTEED
INVESTMENT
Be port of the profits
to be generated by
the opening, this
December, of the
new $100,000,000
D.C. Convention Cen
ter. Land values
around the center
hove increased ten
fold. If you can invest
only $12,000 you
con participate in a
$5,000,000. SP of
fice/hotel site in the
new,
BOOMING AREA
Across from the O.C.
Co~v'ention Center,
ideal for small inves
tors. High rate of
return on your 512,000
investment.
For full details call
638-4780

# ............

~
10
...._.n
"our c·nr.._..
'\'01i~11 ......
nbU'\4•rfu"ll
"l1i1 n Pn:"lil
t•h•"-"'lflt."'CI nd.
t ·,.11 3346200.

# :?GE TH~ E·XCHANGE THE. . EXCHANGtn


# -~


# Expert Jewelry


## --1


# ~


# ,,,and •


# ~


# ~


# Watch; ·Repair.


# ~


# :::c Certified Jewelry Appraisals :r:


## t- ALL WORK GUARANTEED )>


# w

'IJl\\10'11/

# z


## .C J


# Th

::::~-:::E

# h I

G)

# z e . ,,,


## ~,~''


# xc aµge,


## nc~


# m

<(
Your Own 471h Slr~-cl in lt?Ckville 5244 Randolph Rd., ltockvillc, Mt!.
-f
770-0100
(in Lnchnmnn's Plaz11l

## I

Hours-Tues., Thurs., Sat. 10"6 Wed., Fri. 10-9 Closed Sun .. Mon.

## :Z:


## U

UNDER NEW. OWNERSHIP

# rn


# :f--33H~38NVH~X33H~38NVHQX~


# IF YOU HAVEN'T HEARD:THE ·,


# °CHIRLES J.


# GIVENS~


# . STRATEGIES, ..


# 100,~RE


# LOSING MONm·' ,


# j

.:· .
.
Whet~er YQU want money or have money you must know the insider's
secrets\·ofbuilding or protecting your-wealth.
Today you don't need big money to make· big money but you must use
big .money strategies. Listen to 90 minutes of power packed Money
CHARLES J. GIVENS iN !='EASON Strategies that could change your li~ncial life. YOU WILL LEARN TO:
• Cut your tax bracket to
zero with the 15 legal tax
alternatives
e Save 1,000's of dollars:in
interest on your current horne- _.
mortgage ·
• Buy rental homes at 101/20/o
interest with no negative
cash
flow
•.• Earn''20% guaranteed
interest.go.vernment insured
• Why you~wm lose in the ao·s
. in_stoc~s.; lionds. gold or • Travel the world on tax
diamonds1, free dollars
"\'-
..• ·.
•Borrow the.equity in your -
• Take
home free
85% of the headache
· out of managing property
'·• How to·.start investing with
little,or l!O money
ALEXANDRIA.
MONDAY, JULY 26
HOLIDAY INN-OLD TOWN
S:OOP.M.
SPRINGFIELD
TUESDAY, JULY 27
SPRINGFIELD HILTON
2:00 and 8:00 P.M.
6550 loisdale Rood
McLEAN
WEDNES.DAY, JULY 28
TYSONS WESTP4RK HOTEL
2:00 and 8:00 P..M.
8~01 Wellpork Drive 480 King Stroot
(porkin(I undorneolh I
(1-95 & Copitol Bollwoy, '.'.
e•it 644 East, acroi• from Springlield .Mall)" ' ,
(E•it 10 West off 1"'95.ro route 7 Weil)
llE1'Hl5DA
THURSDAY, JULY 29
MARRIOTT HOTEL.
2:00 and 8:00 P.M. ,
SISI Pooh Hill Road
(1-49.5. Wi1con1in'A.,.,. exit)
"His real estate portfolio must look like the
New York telephone directory.
Virginia Newis Journal
"Givens 1s the Financial Wizard of the so·s."
WOFL-TV
"Givens' lectures are for those who mistakenly
think they can get ahead by working hard"
Tampa Tribune
·"'Givens 1s passing out a lot of valuable
information." Orlando Sentinel Star

## YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO MISS

1

## THIS LECTURE!

Charles J. Givens 100. residential re<:ll estate properties from Washington.
achieved his ·D.C. to Florida. ·
. '

## AUTHOR


## OF

MONEY
STRATEGIES
FOR THE BO'S .
corporate goals 1n , Charles J. Givens. noted author. lecturer and presi- ..... _ t: ·'
...,,~ his early 30's as an dent of thf? C~arles .J. Givens Foi,;ndation (a non-profit ·:~ ,_
, .. ; executive with such educational ant1,i:esearch institute) is crea11ng high · •
'(}.. 1nfluent1al "Fortune 500" powered money ·strategies and sharing them w11h
companies as Genesco millions of Americans throu·ghout the country IN 90
... · 1
and thP. Del Webb MINUTES THE CHARLES .. .!. GIVENS STRATEGIES . , .
Corporation By age 35. through COULD CHANGE THE REST OF YOUR LIFE
the use ot unusual lax, investmeni. and real estate THE FOUNDATION DOES NOT PROMOTE OR
strategies. Charles J. Givens had become a multi· SELL INVESTMENTS. REAL ESTATE OR
rnillionaire Givens' personal investments include ovm BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

## ..


# l•:f


# Charles


# J.


# Giv:.~.:"~~~,~~~~~~~
