# DJI 400

**Source File:** DJI 400.pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1473521080.0

---

# The Dines Leiter asks • • •


# DJI


# 4 0 0 ?


# HOW TO MAKE YO.UR MONEY GROW

The everaga Investor wants to know how to make n1s money grow,
and has been seduced Into buying stocks that are selling below
book value, hlstorlcally low P /E ratios, or whatever. Stocks always
look too cheap to drop further AT TOPS. Why? Because the stock
.market IS the message. As wa go to press, THE DINES LETTER
warns the stock market Is still In a Downtrend condition, allhough
there could be short-term buy signals. Any trading buy recommen
dation II limed reasonably close to the Bottom will represent AN
ATTRACTIVE SPECULATIVE OPPORTUNITY. Meanwhile, however,
gold Is the only game in town! As near-universally unpopular as the
golds are now, THE DINES LETTER predlcls that fortunes might
well be made in gold & silver if Mr. Dines Is correct in his statement
that the long gold bull market did NOT end in 1974 as the majorily
assumes.
I.Jc THE DINES LETTER has ne~er seen a leading analyst
CONSISTENTLY trade golds & silvers SUCCESSFULLY. To avoid
getting tricked out of golds & silvers, THE DINES LETTER therelore
recommends holding through every decline until the precious
metals' all-out sell signal. THE DINES LETTER predicts an historic
advance !or precious metals, and that ASA will not only rise again,
but will probably lead the way. THE DINES LETTER is famous !or
originating the cry-" ALL THE WAY WITH ASA."
II you were caught by this bear market AGAIN, perhaps this Is
the time to analyze why, A cl;issic Top usually forms when business
seems good, when stocks loOk!!fheap, when majorily opinion is
Adamantly opt1m1stic, and wheri there Is a Technical Downsida
Breakout. II you need a newsleltnr to rnmlnd you in the future of
~uch preconditions, start with THE DINES LETTER. A lluctuat1on of
less than one point In any or your round-lots would oay lor an ex
tAnded trial. See for yourself what THE DINES LETTER can do for
you. THE DINES LETTER Is not afraid to lle BOLO. Bein~ th!! first
nearly always looks wrong, yet the d1flerent path can be the true.
one. · ·

## Mr, Dines 1nf1111chlngly predicts


# GOlDS AND SllVERS


## are 011 the Verge of a11


## Historic Up111ove.

THE DINES LETTER warns that gold & sliver related assels plus
short sales are the right paths to safety In the co1rnng period. The
gold Uptrend WAS 1nlerrupled by government gold sales In 1975 &
1976, but Mr. Dines Judges this to be only temporary nnd still lear
lossly predicts thnt oold and silver will hnvo historic rises lrom here.
Evan now the price of gold around $ 160 1s not far from !lie all-lune
high. This points to high and solid earnings for gold m111ing com
panies al n time whon other earning, are alJout to !Jucorne su3poc:t.

## If you like this hord·hlttlng adwlce, you ought to try o trlol


## subscription to THI DINIS llnEI lo

111

## If It can aulsl you.


# LET US SEND YOU THESE SPECIAL FEATURES:

• Mr. Dines believes gold & silvnr renctrect llH,ir lows in August
1976 and lmva alrnncly rncommonced ll1e1r lonn bull mmket. Lnt
THE DINES LETTER send you lls Mo<lf!I Prnc1ous Metal5 l'ort
lolio. Al5o--6 10119-f('frrt lists, includ11111 16 short s;1fl!ii--i!ll with
SPHCltlC Uuy-Soll advic;e,
• Loi us show you 1111 six of our Long-T•Jrm ll~ls, Including 20 ·
short snlns tor the lony-torrn. .
• 2' more elock5 for r.'.lur-torm traders to soil short now, with
, nctunl charts and tr11ndllM~ drawn in .
.• Wiii thero ho a yoar-ond rally?
• II this Is the anrne old bear mnrket Mr. Dino~ slgrmled In late
1968, why not buy 11 low-prlc11d "put" on IBM?
'

## .

• What does THE DINES (.ETTER mean, "This economy Is In an
lnlresslon?"
• Which way wlll Interest rates go? And therefore bonds?
• 13 AT&T a sale now?
• Huge federal deficits and balance-of-payment problems presage
. A NEW INTERNATIONAL MONETARY CRISIS AHEAD and
precious metals could soon leap to the fore. Why Is the yen soar
ing while the dollar plunges? ·
• Mr. Dines defines the "Killer Wave" he has been predicting as a
decline BELOW the 1974 crash lows. So far three overseas mar
kets have done so, one group or US stocks, and even Iha price
of a seat on the NYSE. Which ones?
• Deductin~ int:ation reveals the OJI Is about half Its 1968 levels,
when THE DINES LETTER believes what It baptized "The lnvlsl
ble Crash" began. THE DINES LETTER predicts It wJJI get worse
belore ii Improves.
• THE DINES LETTER was among the first to warn of "The Com
ing Banking Crisis". What la It and does THE 151NES LETTER
believe the banks sale?
• Will there be a so-called "Third Upwave" In this rise? Or hav11
there already been three (counting the October 1974 rally as th11
first)?
• THE DINES LETTER has spent eleven months discussing "Kami·
kaze Tops" and this is the only place It has so far boen de·
·"ribed. It lits this markel!
• Is this the time to buy South Alrlcen i;iold shares, yielding 15% or
morn? It so. which ones? ·
• Maybe it's time tor an allernatlve point at view In a world baffled
by high unemployment, high Jnllallon, and high Interest rates.
THE DINES LETTER believes Its theories explain and "tit"
today's puzzling economic malalse. Try It and see lor yourself.
'THE DINES LETTER Is speclflcally designed for an Investor who Is
either not conveniently near a varlely al news sources, or someone
.who Is too busy to cover a wide range of reading. THE DINES
LETTER condenses ii for you, and ollers an "International
frnmework," an overview, and this should be In your total Input.
You may list your payment as a tax deduction. Ploase remember
that no economics or math background Is required to read THE
DINES LETTER, nor any knowledgo of Technical Analysis, .
THE DINES LETTER offers no claims or guarantees. All THE ·
DINES LETTER asks is Illa! you try 11 $10 subscrir111on and soe tor
yoursell 11 ii i~ uselul. After all, the proof is In tho pudding. EXTRA
BONUS! Tl11s subscription will also Include a copy of THE DINES
LETTER's 1917 Forecast lssuo nt no extra charge so you can see
how it aclually turnl!d out. Act now! Flll-1n this coupon now while
you're t11111k1ng ol 11.

# THE DINES LEnER

Jo1A232
P.O. Box 22, Belvedere, California 94920
Ye~! Send me this Special Package ond &!Art my subscription to
THE DINES LETTER. (Payrnont MUST bo enclosed.) E11closnd Is
11 $10 lor 2 Ir.suns IJ $05 extendctl trial !or 6 months (13 Issues)
tJ11rr1tt ('Jrlnl) ................... : ................................................................................
r., ldress ................ , ...... , ............................. """""'''"". .................................... .
Clly ............................................... State ........................ Zip ...................... ..
(Unoulgn•ble willoout your consent. NY rooldente, plHIMI 1dd ulea toxl
