# DJI 400 02

**Source File:** DJI 400 02.pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1473522472.0

---

# THE DINES LETTER asks


# • • •


# D~l400?


# THE DINES LEnER has never been more bearish.

In early 1966, THE DINES LETTER predocted a long ond bol
ter depression which would be masked by inflo~1on. In l~te
1968, THE DINES LETTER predrcted the comrng declrne
"'°uld someday be call the "CRASH of '69" and that rt
"'°"Id probe the OJI 400 level. In Mlly 1973, THE DINES
LETTIR predrcted an 1mm1nent cra~h to the. 628 level. In
late 1974, THE DINES LETTER predocted a rose above 800
followed by a "Koller Wave" below 400.
These pred1ct1ons hove mostly not yet c~~ true, ar:'d
THi DINES LETTER cheerfully acknowledges rt os a mrno"ty
po1nt-of-v+ew. Yet, when Mr. Oines become the first gold
bug on Wall Street to predie1 higher gold prices from the
then...go...ernment-f1xed level at $35, he looked equally
mistaken
The rno10f•ty disagrees, claiming that the market hos
been dropping all year so stcXks ore cheop, and that Presi
dent Carter would not tolerate o bear market. Optimists
also claim that there 15 no recession tn sight, or that 1nflo
t1on ,, under control, or that interest rares ore no longer too
high, ot rhot the OJI 1s lymg, or that the market •! wrong
about the future, and so on. TOln know the Oines Basic
Mor~.er A...1om: "A uend in motion will commue until if ac
tually ends.·
T~~ mo1ority is nonethelen puzzled by the hist0ticolly

## :CM P•1-:E:!Eurn1ngs Ratios and the tantalizingly high div1·

dena ·(,elds. now that many 5tocks hove collapsed. They ~
no• m.l.. ""How coro the steel, copper, textile and paper rn·
::u .. ~rie<:. do so poorly during what is supposed to be a busi
ness boom>'" Tnose who pooh-pooh THE DINES LETTER'1
tt<eo:.'•es ore hard put to e.cploin collops1ng US dollar and
•he too that the stock market is strll where rt was 11 long
ye:i•<:. ago! Some appear bored ot the predicted huge trade
def.cit this year ond the poss1b111ty of new monetary up
heaval, failing to grasp the 1mpoct this would hove on in·
terest rotes and therefore, the stock market.
Wa'!I Mr. Oines correct obout the 1975 ris.e being a
'"IY.ojor Technical Rally" rather than a "new bull market/'
that this is a false prosperity, and that the Major Primary
bear market Mr. Oines signalled rn 1966-68 1s therefore
still intact? Even now few would agree with these P'edic·
t1ons, but 1t is vital that you examine THE DINES LETTER'a
hyporheses. THE DINES LETTER warned that those who prof
oted durrng the 1975 Mlljc< Technical Rally would give
t~ profits bock when the long "Invisible Crash" re
sumeo. January 1977 mojonty opinion was dogmatically
opt1m1st1c, with the "consensus" looking for OJI between
1200-1900 It took real nerve through that wave of abuse
to stock to therr OJI 400 target, and ii almost cost THE DINES
l.EJ1l:R its cred1bil1ty. The truth is that stocks hove been
dovm since early 1973, perhaps with the exception of the
first half of 1975. II is also true that the world hos run out
of c.'neap transp0rtat1on, cheap energy, cheap labor, and
cheap land--i!ven the obvious energy crisis is nol properly
prepared for. Woth the OJI down to January 1976 levels, it
con now be seen that the awroge purchase since then was
a mistake, that the 1976 optimists were totally misguided.
Persistent inflation and 1nerodicable unemployment are
the hallmarks of a crooked currency, one that the govern
ment fears to base on the impartial policing of gold and
silver. Fer years. New Yorkers winked at Abe Beorne's
"Budget g1mm1ckery" until NYC's finances fell 1n on their
heods. Yet, with this lesson clearly in memory, Americans
foiled to grasp that "managing a currency" is similarly dis
honest Why ore economists like John Kenneth Galbraith
quoted when he hos boosted that he always votes as for
··1eff"' as he can? Scx1alists tamper with profound levers of
cop1tolism, like gold, prices and wages. No wonder the en
tire spect1um of quality glarn0t stocks hos collapsed since
early 1973!

# Let THE DINES LETIER


# send you these special features!

• let us show you our Shon·Torm Trading Romrd, as no
other advisor we know of does 1t, including a OJI bar
chatt with each spec1f1c '"buy" and "sell .. drown 1nl Also.
a list of our entire frock tecord. every "buy" and "sell"
s1gnol we hove given since this decode beganl
• 'lvhot is the s1gnif1cance of the glamor crash in stocks
loke National S.miconduclot, Ea1tmon Kodak, Bolhle
hom Steel and lnco.? Are any of these cheap enough to
buy yet? let THE DINES LETTER show you charts of spe
c1f 1c short sales, with concise advice.
• All kinds of e•cuses ore give for a dropping Dow-Jones
Industrial Average, which the majority assures us we
should ignore because of strength in utilities, rails and
Advances/Declines. There is one thing the majority over
looks, ond tha1 os the Dinn Pro1cionce lndu (DPI), on
the back page of each rssue of THE DINES LETTER. It is a
consensus of no fewer than 175 Technical Indicators,
uniquely prepared, back to 1966 so you can see for
yourself.
• Mr. Oines was the or1gmol superbear on land and real
estate stoc\c.s in 1972, yet lond priC8$ ore rising now. Is
THE DINES LETTER predicting a new Killer Wave for land
now?
• Let THE DINES LETTER send you a unique chart of the OJI
adjusted fot the movements of the Swiss fronc, and its
significance. Does THE DINES LETTER still predict tariff
wars and mmpetitive devaluations? Will the Joponese
stock market crash? Should you buy Japanese and Ger
mon products now, before their currencies appreciate
further? Of what significance is the new all-time low of
the US dollar against the mark and Swiss franc? The
1977 US trade deficit is projected at $25 billion, a rec
ord. How could this affect you?
• Because of a pick-up in the number of new lows
reached by preferred stocks, on 1 Ap< '77 THE DINES
LETTER predicted higher interest rates. What are THE
DINES LETTER'• current predictions?
e April sow THE DINES LETTER'1 all-out commodity sell
signal, especially for coffee and grains, excapt for their
optimism toward orange juite. Hos this been reversed
yet?
• THE DINES LETTER has a special study on Barron's
Price/Dividend Index with a daring new interpretation.
Also, what is the "Dines Under 1.000 Rule, .. and how
does it reveal today's dangerous overoptimism?
• Does THE DINES LETTER still predict wage/price controls?
e For nearly 2 decades, THE DINES LETTER predicted that
srlver would go up from 92.5 cents to $10-$20, and in
addition that gold would go up from $35 to between
$250 and $400. These predidions have not yet come
true.
• TtE OINES t.mER'a advice for troders and investOJs 1s
different at this time. Is this a good time to buy?
• Do golds have ~osonol movements, and if the Wash
ington Economic Establishment sells more gold, would
that knock down the price?
• THE DINES LETTER foresightfully even includes a "Plan
B" of the stocks they like in case there 1s a buy signal,
and these 6 stocks are continually reviewed. The 6 have
superior relative strength, and are holding up extremely
well, and should be the first to rise when selling pres
sure~ finally ease.
• Mr. Dines hos for years been predicting the foll of
France to Communism/Socialism in Morch 1978 and
that this news will surprise and amaze Wall Street.
• Tt£ DINES LETTER was among the first to worn of "the
coming banking crisis''. What is it and does THE DINES
LETTER believe the banks are safe?
• Will there be a so-called "Third Upwave" in this rise? Or
have·'""'~ already been three (counting the Oct. '7 4 as
the frrst)? ·
• nE DINES LmER has spent 11 months discussing
"Kamikaze Tops" and this is the only plcx:e it has so for
been described.
• There are many other features to be included in your
subscription, too lengthy to include here .. let THE DINES
LETTER send you 6 bar charts of Uptrendrng gold shares
to buy now, and THE DINES LETTER'• private long-Term
Lists with 16 stacks to sell short now. Your subscription
will include a look at THE DINES LETTER'1 Model Gold
Portfolio. Is this the time to buy South African gold
shares yielding 15% or more? If so, which ones? THE
DINES LETTER add1 a Special Bonus: Their big 1977
ror-.1 l11ue wilh 20 specific precllctlon1.
THE DINES LETTER believes the nation is facing a financial
convulsion, possibly complicated by extraordinary climate
condition. THE DINES LETTER might become optimistic to
rrarow but as of now, they believe the final Bottom hos
not been seen. THE DINES LITTER believes the world's big
gest redistribution of wealth will occur before the remain
der of lhis century and that sound advica that dares .lo be
first (and therefore "unusual. .) could possibly assist you in
getting through the coming period solely. Maybe it'• time
for on alternative point of view in a wotld baffled by high
unemployment, inflation, and interest rotes. THE DINES
LETTER believes its theories explain and "fir' today'• puz
zling econormc malaise.
THi DINES LETTER ofle<s no claims o< guarantees. All THE
DINES LETTER asks is that you try a $10 Trial SubscriJ>lion
and see for yourself if it is U$8ful to your financial surv1v~I.
After all, the proof is in the pudding. A mere t \.CJ point
fluctuation will cover the THE DINES U111R'1 annual cost
and it may be listed as on income lox deduction. for our
regular trial subscription including ~o~y feat':'res, act now.
!
Foll in this coupan while you are thrnkrng of rt. No accom
panying letter necessary.

# 1------------------·


# I THE DINES LEnER


# I

P.O. Box 22, Belv.dere, California 94920

# I v. .

1 Send me lhl• Special Padcage e1nc1 11att my 1ubsct1p

# I

Hon to THE DINES LETTER. (Payment MUST be enclosed.)

# I

Enclosed is
C 510 lor 2 •Uuet. D $85 for 6 months (13 1uues) I

## ~ Sl50


# '°'

I yeot (26 1Ul.IO$)
·-(p<on!J ........................... .

# I .........


# I ""'


# I

...... State. ............. .
(Nol CN•gnaba. W1thouf your mtnenl.)
...... bp .......... .
NY 1es1dentl, pleme add opphcable solm IOll. J87Al33

# ........................................l f!ilr ................................... .
