# Your Secret Weapon

**Source File:** Your Secret Weapon.pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1473520864.0

---

# Can INDICATOR DIGEST& proprietary SGA


# SY.stem"


# be


# • R SECRRWEAPOI


# In your fight for gains-remarkablY. big_gains-


# in any kind of market?

We Introduced our Short-Tunn Trading Guide-desig·
nated "SOA" for "speculative grc>up activitr."-in 197188 a
stock market indicator designed to be sensitive enough to
call the important moves yet reaiat constant "whipsaw"
•il'!ala.
Since Its Inception, SG.<t haacaUllhl al/ tht major moves.
lfyouhadfollowildeveryalgnal,youwouldhavebeenoutof
the market during the severe shakeout& of the nineteen
seventies and invested in atockaduring the uplega.
5-YEAR GAIN UP TO 584%1
Using our SOA indicator 88 a base, we have since de·
veloped the SGA System "-in which even investors with
little or no stock-market experience can participate with
confidence ... No hemming and hawing. No agonizing deci·
aion-makln11 on your~·
TheSGA Syaltm iaalmple but hilJhlyeffective: When
the SGA Indicator laauea a ''buy" signal, you buy the
ah ares of' a broad-baaed "no-load" mutual fund that doesn't
impose a sale& fee. When SGA iaauea a "sell" signal, you
redeem your shares and switch to the money marl<et, such
88 T·billa or money funds. When a "buy" signal is flashed
anew, you almpJ.)' switch back to the fund. And eo on.
Using the SGA Sy1um,. in col\iunction with three
p_opular no-load mutual funds produced these results in
the lut live years:
llJ>FUND A-A five-year gain of'll84%! In other words, ify ou
l''!~Juat $10,000 in the fund to atart, you'd be sitting on
fti{l,000 today!
llJ>FUND 8-A gain of573%!Th~_galn wu atill remarkable,
tho~h a bit amaller than FUND A, which did better
with Its Investment& while you were aboard under the
SGASy1um:•
II> FUND C-A gain of 333%1 The gain la smaller than the
two other fundal but only In relative terms ... How many
lnveatoracan re iabl.)' match the record generated by the
SGA Sy1um,. ovet the same five-year period? KHp in
mind, too, that the Dow "30" gained only 26% over the
aame five-year span.
While the SGA Sy1um .. baa produced eome outatand·
ing reaulta, we caution you that future result& may not
match the past-and there's no guarantee of' profitability.
But we believe you11 aurely want to take a cloeer look at
the SGA Sysltm .. to see for yourself if it can be your secret
weapon in your fight for stock-market profit&.
We'll rush our detailed ~ial Report on the SGA
Sysltm" to you 88 a BONUS when ~u enter a NO-RISK
two-month ffour-iaauel trial to INDICATOR DIGEST for
juat $15, a full 40'l ofT the regular rate. We11 promptly
refund your payment in full if you decide to cancel within
30 days-no questions 88ked ... and you littp all maltrials
rmiicied. int:ludins the BONUS S11ttial R~oort.
INDICATOR DIGEST puta you right in the middle
of the action that's emerging rapidly in today's bull
market. You'll never be caught wcirrying and wondering
about how yoq can participate.
Two recent editions, for example, carried apecial
reports on TECHNOLOGY STOCKS, answering ques
tions like tbeae: Have technology atocka become over·
priced? Which small companies have the most potential?
Wblch ones are atill ralatlvely cheap?
Send in your NO-RISK trial sub~t,!on without
delay and we'll rush to you • as an EXTRA BONUS
·these reports plus our list of Current Sroc• Rwcornrn~n·
dalions. .. wlth protective atop-loss levels for each atock.

## GET THIS EXTRA BONUS!

Better yet, aubllttlbe to INDICATOR DIGEST for
six full months at just 175-aame fuU.money·back
guarantee-and we'll ALSO send you, without further
coat to you, a 120 two-month subscription to Income In·
.,.,tor, our exciting new publication that will alert you to
a continuing array of unique Investment opportunities.
For even greater savlna. .. Subecribe now to IN·
DJCATOR DIGEST fora fulJyearatoblYll25 and we11
send you all BONUSES above PLUS a (ou,..monrh
subscription to lncame ln11eslor, worth 140.
TELEPHONE HOTLINE TOOi
With either a one-year or sbt·month subscription you
also receive the lndlCator Digest HOTLINE NUMBER
·allowing you to call 24 boan a d8J for our lateat In·
dlcator readinga, market opinions and stock recommen
dations. Mall your order tOdayl

# _G_ET_nt-ES_E_'l_WJ_AB_LE_B_ON_U_S_Es-rL~.!-


# ·-:>,


## ... Yours to keep-mn.Jlyou cancel!


# I


## -~-Rll.-...oi~


# I

EnleryourNO-RISKsubscription now to lndicalorDigestand c Enter 2-montll trial (4 issues) lot' 515; rush BONUSES!
we'll rush you these BONUSES: c Enter 6-montll NO-RISK subscription (12 issues) lot' just
• Specill Report on SGA SJStlm"' showing exactly how to

# I

$75 ·rush BONUSES plus 2 months ol Income lrwestor

# I

use it on your own.
($20 value) at no extra cost!
• Cuirent Stuck RICCllMllllClltlwith stop-loss levels lor

# I

c Enter 1-irw subscriplion (24 isslles) lor only $125; rush

# I

each! al BONUSES plUS lull 4 months ol Income ftMSIDr ($40
• Speclll reporll on technology llOCks. value) at no extra charQe!
PLUS ... Enter a full-term subsc:ription to Indicator Digest

# I I

and get Income lnlwtor plus HOTUNE at no extra COSI! -.
MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE: feel free to cancel within 30

# I.:

SI* '•

# U

daysforalOO'Yorefund-andyoukeepa/lmatetiafsfl!Ceived! ~nallSlipllllt-- 111-53

# --------
