# Gold 200 or 2000

**Source File:** Gold 200 or 2000.pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1461862894.0

---

Barron's National Business and Financial Weekly; Oct 6, 198(cid:19)

# Gold:


# $200


# or


# $2000?

Where arc silver and gold prices
headed next? Will you sec gold plunge to
$200 - or soar 10 S2000 an ounce?
And how about silver? Has it bot
tomed out? What about the Hunts? How
much do they s1ill dominate the market?
Why did sihrcr and gold uadc do"-'Tl
from their record highs? Where is the bu~·­
ing coming from? Who arc the sellers?
Arc silver and gold supplies mo. .· ing to
strong or weak hands?
What's ahead - funhcr declines or a
renewed bull market? Is it time to buy? To
sell? Or should you hold?

## "I hereby nominate you for


## 'champion of the w.orld'


## gold prognosticator."


## -S. L., Woodmere, NY

For ans~·crs

## co questions like these,

there's only one place to go - the Silver &
Gold Report. Why? Becau~ we corrcclly
called 1hc shots on 1hc incredible price
explosion. And we called it both ways -
on the wa~· up and on the way down. This
accuracy in forecasting has been most a~
preciated by our readers. As one sub
scriber \\Tote:
··1 hereb\' nominate ,·ou for
'champion of ihe world" goid prog
nosticator~' -S. L, \f 1 00Jmtrt, .\'}'
Other subscriber comments include:
..Y ou ad\·iscd me last year to sit
on my sil\'er and I did. ?\ow, it is
wonh $100
1
000 more!. .
-F.R.,/sfr• •1 1.\'
..J ust want to say how much I
enjoy your service. It is tops. May you
and your first class staff long
continue:' -R. S., Ontario. C.\'
0 1 followed a recent Silver &
Gold Report in\'estmcnt suggestion
and, as a result, paid for rhc cost of a
year's subscription many, many 1imes
o\'er:' -0. N., Lttds, .\' D
··~\tr sub5cription 10 lhcSiJvrr &
Gold Report has already sa,;cd me a
great deal of money and I consider
your ncwslcncr very impor1ant and
most valuable to me."
-F. C.A.,Hai•esCity,FL
''Congratulations on your log
ical thinking and good insight at dif
ficult times which enabled SGR to
correctly call the direction of interest
rates, inftation, and metals:•
-R. H.M., Ki•g ofP russia, PA

## Regular Features·


## of the


## Silver & Gold Report ••.

ln·dcpth interviews with a
broad range of cxpcns in silver and
gold, such as Dr. Franz Pick, Ira
U. Coblcigh, Harry Browne, Henry
Hazlin, Dr. Nicholas Deak, and F.
A. van Hayek • Analyses of price
movements • Price chans • Rele
vant economic data• Book reviews
•Editorials• In-depth analyses and
advice about silver and gold.
@19BO.Sile>tr&Gol4Rtpart
BA53

# "The Stage is Set


# For the Big Runup."


## - Silver & Gold Report,


## .Mayl979

In the spring of 1979, numerous
investment seri.·iccs that focus on sll
\'er and gold advised sdhng - and
even going short. They nored the
17% rise in gold from S225 an ounce
at the beginning of the year to 5265 in
late May. They also noted the "spec
tacular" 43% rise in sil\·cr from S6.00
to SS.60 an ounce in the same time
period. They concluded that the rises
in sih:cr and gold were over for the
year.
Frankly, we 31 the Silver & Gold
Report were tempted to folio\\.· the
herd and ad\·isc profit-taking. Since
our first major in\·estmcnt recom
mendation issue in late July 1977:
"'Xow Is the: Time: to Bu,·;· silver had
soo.rcd 91 % and gold 890.~. Yet, we ad
\'iso:I that much higher prices were
ahead. We recommended that our
subscribers hold their positions and
e\·cn add to 1hem on do\\:nswings -
and e\·cnts bmc us uut with avenge
ance when prices sk)rcx:keti:J.
Then, early in December. with
sih·er abo\'e 518.00 and gold above
$425 an ounce, we were again 1empt-

## Not a Cheerleader

The Silver & Gold Repon is not a
cheerleader for sil\'et and gold. It's in the
business of selling information and
ad\dcc - not buying and selling sihcr
and gold. Sometimes we're bullish; some
times we're bearish. Sometimes we're
right; and sometimes we·re wrong. But
we're always impanial and fiercely inde
pendent.
For these reaSon:s, the Silver & Gold
Repon is probably today's largest publi
cation specializing in precious metals.
The Report. stancd in February 1976, has
grov.n to a world\\'ide circulation greater
than twenty thousand. It is read by serious
im·estors and specialists in Japan. India,
Saudi Arabia, Indonesia. Egypt, Israel.
the Bahamas, Australia, !\cw Zc-a1and,
cd to aJnsc prnrit·tJkinjZ:. After aa.
our s.ubscnber' who haJ follo-...c..1
our ad"·1cc were alre.iJ·. i.:1J.h -...nh
profits Yet. we aJqseJ ~h.J.: the Jra·
mat1c pncc rises
·~ere
r.or 0..-c:-r ~ct
anJ hcaJhned: ··If There ~·a., E\cr a
Time to Ov.n Sther & GtilJ - Th1\
Is IC Soon afu:r. ~th:er almu .. ~ tnp!e-.!
to top S50;m "un..:c anJ ;;::ol..-i ..!0ut-!ed
tO top SS~Q an OU:11.e
Following th1!> u:irrcr.:c.!en:c..!
runup, s1ker .an.! 1.!olJ pn..::e~ .. :.J.:--:~.:!
backdownag:un. Frankl~. V.!:" rrasscd
the peak. But not b~ mu::h Shor.I~
before, m our Early Ja.nl!.J.r~ 1980 I!>·
sue. we rnterncv.cJ !>1h·cr expert
Scott Dial. ...._.h,1 warned· "E\er~ prc
"·1ous big mo\·e m s1ker ha-, been fol
lowN bv a4Qc,,_ 6Uc.,\.OHC'Ct1on. S°o
market ha!> e\.·er gl)nc ~:ra:~hr :...ip .anJ
stayed there.""
And short!~ after the peak. wnh
siker at 533 an ounce anJ ~o!J at
$633 an ounce. v.e again wamcJ. ~ur
readers: '"The marker 1~ r. .. n"· .. ·er"·
uncenain and is stn..:::h a n"·ert-\.u:
gambler's game-... As ~:OU rrotiJti!y
know, the bottom foll out of the stkc:
market shortl~· aft~·arJs. And go!.!
sank below the 5500 mark.
Followmg 1h1.., dramauc 1:k•..,,n
tu rn. sih·er and ~olJ price~ re
bounded slightl~· - wHh golJ trJ.1u:g
in the low S60<Ts anJ ~tlva .awund
SlS an ounce.
almost every ..::ountry m Europe. South
America, anJ of c'"1ursc. ~Nth .-\mcn..::a.
E"·en the Rus!>ian bank m Zunch. thar"s m
charge of alJ s\.·wiet gol.! sales. sut>s.cn~~
l01t.

## Special Introductory Offer

~e·H senJ 'oOU the current 1!>suc -
w11h rhe Rcpo~fs latest aJ\"l..:e - a~ a
FREE BO!\l"S v.hcn
\OU su~'G1t-e ;:co
the Silver & Gold Report·. .; . 3-m .. ~:-i.:h 6 1~·
sue) IntroJuctory Su~....cnpaon costs 1u~t
Sl5. (Thats a S.24 "·alur - ~~nou s.a\·c 59.'
To subscribe anJ tC\:et\"C ... IJ~r FREE ts·
sue, just clip the coupon t-c"!ov. .anJ m.iil tt
to the Silver & Gold Report ;;;Jong wi;:h
,·our check. or monn orJcr for S,15. Or. if
)·ou wish. you may c·harge your 'Ub5enp
tion to your ~\aster CarJ or \"1sa account.

## Silver & Gold Report, P.O. Box 325, Newtown, CT 06470

Please c-nter my subscription to the Sih"U & Gold Report. lf. at any time. I am not
completely satisfied, l may cancel my subscription for a prompt refund for the unma1kd.
ponion.
0 Regular Subscription. One year (24 issues) plus the current lssue as a N>nus for $96. I
will also rccei""e 4 complimentary issues (a Sl6 \.·alue) as an aJJitional bonus.
O Introductory Subscription. Three months (6 issues) plus the current issue as a bonus
for onl)· $15. (A S24 value - so you s.a.n~ S9.)
0 ~\y check or money order for$ ____ is enclosed.
Please charge my 0 Master Card 0 Visa
Acct."------------- Exp. Date --------
·''ou: \ 0 ou,.._.hur1ft1011totl1.1Sih.,.,.&Gol4Rljl0rtu11n-J1Jaa1Ht
1{ t11td for baJ111tJI Ot lllrtJfllllt>ll farf'OllJ.
.\'a111t-----'----------------------
"""'~·---------------------------
City/Sme/Zip ------------------------
CFornp sabscnbtn •ay pay 111 ntJitr U.S. S., or rJit tt-irall'llt a1111ca11: 111 orlttr.:aarrni:.-,.
Oiotnt41 sa6.cn!1rs ?''°-!'~~_!I~ ~~!...."!.f~r~'!....~~~!.!..~!.'.!.~~~~~1_,.J. ______ _
