---
title: "cc_2022-07-12"
date: 2022-07-12
duration: 55m
duration_seconds: 3334
vimeo_id: 729318502
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-07-12

**Date:** 2022-07-12 | **Duration:** 55m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

All right. So today we're gonna do something interesting. We're gonna take a step back and we're gonna take a very high level overview of the common triggers devices if you will persuasion devices that we use in copy and so I'm gonna I'm gonna bring this up I have Let me see. I'm sorry. I don't know if I'm sharing my screen yet.

I'm gonna do this. And then share my screen you guys can see my screen a okay. Yep. See it. Okay, so I'm gonna share today just 16 of the triggers that we include in our in our marketing messages in our ad creative in our copy there certainly more than 16 but these are kind of the the go-to's for me that I use more often than the others.

We're gonna go through these and we're gonna go through some of these fairly quickly and we're just gonna go through the list of 16. I'm gonna explain what they are why they work odds are with out question. You guys are going to be familiar with all of these and so if you've got something to add or interject or you've got a question on any one of these please go ahead and jump in. This isn't meant to be a monologue as you guys know. It's meant to be a dialogue or discussion.

And and so not of course, I want to make a point before we dive in and get to the first one and these are in no particular order. I'm not saying that we need to use all of these in every campaign that we create there are some times and maybe we'll talk about it a little bit when certain triggers are appropriate and then there are other times when certain triggers aren't necessarily appropriate. With the type of marketing message that we are that we're creating. But all of these are really triggers that move prospects to act. These are triggers that really get in their head.

These are triggers that persuade your these are triggers that get folks to to think differently. These are triggers in some cases that kind of almost Force prospects to go into the emotional side of their of their brain. And so I would really again some these up as as persuasive triggers the whole purpose and let me just actually do this really quick. Oops, Uh, the whole purpose of this is to understand the value like today understand the high level high level overview and the value of incorporating these into our copy. And so again in no particular order the first trigger is curiosity and so Adidas, how would you kind of Define curiosity in this context in a marketing context to put you on the spot?

Well, just to hook and keep them hooked, you know. Okay, Michael, you know that's good. That's cool. I mean the purpose certainly of curiosity is to um is to keep them hook, you know, it's it's a really interesting thing. I've said many times before that that some of the best the best headlines the best subject lines the best even you know leads openings are are leveraging curiosity and promise right from a marketing perspective.

They're leveraging curiosity and and promise, you know that they want to close, you know. Keep going. That's a great way to that's a great way to to put it right. It's really creating a gap in their mind a mental Gap right with something that they want to fully understand that they want to hear more about that. They're not really sure.

They're not really sure what it is or they're not really sure what you're talking about. They're not really sure if they understand completely if they've got the full picture and so it creates this Gap. In there in their mind and there is a strong pull when that Gap is related to something that they care about something that is of interest to them gaining something the alleviation of some pain point is a frustration disappointment. There is a very strong pull to close that to close that Gap. And so again, like I said, you know curiosity and promise if there was a go-to kind of formula for how I would craft subject lines if there was one only one that I could choose how I would craft a a headline ultimately what we are really doing is we're leveraging curiosity and promise even with things like the unique mechanism when we incorporate the unique backchanism into the headline, right?

We ultimately know that it when we name the unique mechanism in the in the headline folks don't know what it is. So what does it do? It creates this Gap it creates this curiosity factor and the pull to close that Gap is really strong when that unique mechanism is linked to an outcome. A result that they want and so Michael. Is there anything that you would add to that?

I no, not really that there's different levels of curiosity. Yeah, I always go for the ones that you know, stop stop the scroll or whatever, you know. Yeah, it's a great. I mean that's a great like it's a it's you know, the power of curiosity is enormous right? Like really, you know, I don't know if I would say that, you know curiosity.

This is probably the most valuable of valuable of all the triggers certainly that we're gonna cover today, right? It's something that I incorporate constantly whether again we're talking about the headline whether we're talking about the lead whether we're talking about most certainly lift note emails or teaser emails promo emails emails that are ultimately designed to get the click. Um, I you know, we're creating curiosity and and just to make a point right when we're talking about lymph node, emails teaser emails promo emails are all the same thing just a different title that some people use for them. Right and I say the job is to get the click. I don't mean just to get the click right?

We're not promising free money, you know, just to generate a click we're generating a click out of interest but we're leveraging that with curiosity. We're opening up this Gap mentally that they want to close because it's directly linked to something that they care about something positive or the alleviation of something negative. Um, and so that's how I think about all of our that's how I think about the majority of subject lines. That's how I think about the majority of lift note emails. They're all curiosity and promise one of the most powerful triggers.

Next up and we can really talk about two of these at the same time. You've got scarcity and you've got urgency and so Michael how would you define the difference between scarcity and urgency? Bad I get this question all the time. Yeah. Yes scarcity.

If you're running out of something or and urgency is it's got to be done right now. Are you going to miss out? Yeah. Yeah well said perfect and you know, I think you know, I listed these as two separate bullets, even though they both really leverage right fomo the fear of missing out right? And that's like it's one of those it's an interesting thing because You could almost say write a a in some capacity the overwhelming majority of these 16 triggers really are almost are are you know, they're leveraging the way the brain is hardwired.

And so right like they're leveraging the way the brain is hardwired meaning that they create a response in internally mentally within the within the prospect psychologically if you will within the prospect without even them having to fully process all the information fear of missing out right is we know we're we're hardwired like we have this fear of missing out when we hear that. That that something is about to be taken away from us or we're about to miss out on something and so the difference between scarcity and urgency is that all scarcity creates urgency not all urgency leverages scarcity. And so right like all all scarcity creates urgency, but not all urgency leverages scarcity. So what do I mean by that? Well, Michael you said it perfectly right scarcity is when the the thing that we are ultimately offering them and the ability or the opportunity to experience.

The benefit is limited in quantity. And that limit in quantity is um is small enough, where there is this risk of if I don't respond quickly. I may miss out right so it's not just right. It is a quantity that conveys to an individual that if they procrastinate and wait on this there is A risk of them missing out because there is a risk of the scarce amount, um running out going away. Right?

And so that of course creates urgency the need to respond right away or the need to respond quickly and that's ultimately what we're talking about. When we talk about urgency from a high level view right urgency is all about right creating a an internal pull an intern an internal need if you will to respond right away. It is leveraging this fear of again, if I don't respond if I don't act if I don't take advantage in our context of the offer I run the risk of missing out so both scarcity and urgency. Or are leveraging the fear of missing out and you could really say that the fear of missing out really is the trigger and scarcity and urgency is how we leverage that trigger. It's how we flick that switch in the prospect's mind urgency can again urgency can be can be created with scarcity, but urgency can also be created with a deadline.

Right with a deadline when we see things like a countdown timer that's urgency. That's not scarcity. You know now look and you know in the spirit of of just discussion, right? There are some people that would argue that well a deadline with a countdown timer that has six minutes left is leveraging scarcity this the scarce time remaining but um, but but I would I would say that that really falls under urgency and not a limited supply of the of the resource and so keep in mind. Just remember that a deadline isn't leveraging scarcity.

It's just leveraging urgency. The thing to to remember is that if the deadline is too far out, it doesn't create urgency. It does the opposite it gives the opportunity for procrastination. This is why we never put up a countdown timer until just about the last 48 hours of the campaign because the last thing that you want to do is have somebody hit a page and see a countdown timer that says Is Right 12 hours and 62 minutes because then there is no urgency created right? I have over a week to contemplate to ponder to decide whether I want this and so right that really to me doesn't create.

Um urgency. It does the it does the opposite it's also we're gonna we're gonna get to this in a little bit. while we're talking about the the proper deployment of these tactics, you know, I've said many times before to just take a right turn for one second. I've said many times before that. The single most valuable a elements of marketing and persuasion for people to study and master are are strategies not tactics because if you know, you have to understand the strategy behind a tactic to make sure that it is deployed properly.

So a countdown timer for example is a tactic, right? And what is the countdown timer ultimately trying to do it is trying to create urgency by conveying that time is running out and so you need to respond now, but if again, right the magic isn't in excuse me. The Magic The Magic merely isn't in. The countdown timer there's no magic in the countdown timer. If the countdown timer said again 29 days 13 hours and 52 minutes.

It's not leveraging urgency. There's no urgency to respond there because I have almost a month to decide that is a tactic that many novice marketers see skilled marketers using but they have to understand the strategy the objective of the of the of the tactic to use it properly. I've said before I've talked about this for years the example of of social proof, which is one of the things that we're going to talk about on here and I've talked about the example of how many novice marketers will they see? Let's say during a launch underneath the videos. They see Facebook comments and they'll see the Facebook comment widget right in for a Savvy marketer.

They've got a bunch of Facebook comments. In fact, they've done things within their marketing within their launch to generate and stimulate Facebook comments. Right? And so what the the novice marketer does is they see this tactic Facebook comments and let me be clear about something right a Facebook comment widget underneath a video in and of itself is not is is not effective. It is being used to generate and display social proof that there are a lot of people here that there are a lot of people interested that there are a lot of people Paying attention, right and ultimately if we really want to take this further, right we do that we use it to present social proof and we build a tremendous amount of of comments on there.

So then we can leverage scarcity when later on in the launch we say there are only a hundred seats and you could see that there are 4,800 comments on here and there are over 12,000 people on this waiting list, right? And so you see you you have to understand the strategy not just the tactic because what the novice marketers then do is they say well I should put a Facebook comment widget underneath my videos and they do and they have three comments. And when they have three comments, they're not providing social proof. They're providing reverse social proofs right there demonstrating that no one's here. No one's paying attention.

No one really cares, right and as we're gonna as we're gonna talk about in a little bit on another another trigger, right that shows people that well if others don't care, why should I if others don't find this important? Why should I right? And so it's important that you that we understand the strategy first and foremost. What is the strategy? What is the objective that we're trying to get done?

And then what are the tactics that we can use to get those strategies done to meet those objectives? So you have to understand the strategy behind the tactics in order to to deploy the tactics properly. The other thing last thing about this little discussion is This really really I had a a great conversation years ago. I don't even remember how many years ago at this point with My Buddy Rich schefferin and I've told this story before where we were in this local cigar bar Cigar Lounge in Delray Beach, Florida just about 10 minutes away from me and we were having a discussion about the difference between the promarkers and the novice marketers and the reality is is that The discussion went to this idea that Pro marketers and novice marketers both leveraged the same strategies, right? We're both both Pro marketers and novice marketers are trying to let's say of demonstrate proof are trying to to leverage the fear of missing out but the difference between the two is in the Tactical execution where where the novice marketers will just use the same tactics that everybody else in the marketplace is using and the pro marketer will look for different and unique ways tactical ways to meet that strategic objective.

So different ways of presenting proof different ways of creating the fear of missing out. That's the difference between the two. So again, right strategies are strategies are kind of principles are objectives. They don't really change tactics do tactics evolve over time one last point about this related to all this is that I've said before Or that um, you know, if you take something like the pattern interrupt, right? So oftentimes it's talked about that one of the ways one of the ways of grabbing attention.

Let's say at the beginning of a video or even the beginning of a an essay or an article is is the use of a pattern interrupt pattern interrupt is something wildly unexpected something that the prospect doesn't expect. Therefore. It kind of shakes them out of there, uh, their their their kind of stupor if you will and gets them to pay attention. Well there was a time when Uh, when the pattern interrupted the little Doodle videos right in Michael, you've heard me talk about this for years. Now the doodle videos were a pattern interrupt, right?

And so the the doodle videos got people's attention. Why because it was different it wasn't what they were expecting when they went to watch a video. That was a tactical though those doodle videos were a tactical way to leverage pattern interrupt, but the patterning erupt will continue to work but the the doodle videos over time when they became more and more and more common and more and more popular. They were no longer a pattern interrupt. They became a pattern right?

So what happened is over time, then the people that went to the video and they saw the doodle video they said, ah, I know what this is right? I know what this is very similar to um to in the product launch, um model the plf model plf, you know continues to work. But the four-part video series became this. All right, I know exactly what this is gonna be. I know the first three videos are gonna be education based and shell in case studies and blah blah and I know that there's a sales video coming in the end.

It became very commonplace. That doesn't mean that right like pattern interrupts don't work, but the Tactical execution of that strategy evolves and changes over time. And so anything that you would add to that or any questions that you guys have about that that little rant No, not really. I think some of these things come back around. You know, I I it's been a long time since I've seen a four video product.

Yeah thing. Yeah, who knows? Yeah, no for sure. I think that and that's a great Point. That's it.

That's a really great Point. That's why you can and almost should sometimes regularly go back into the archives because there are things that right. It's it's kind of like, you know, it goes through this curve where it's not it's not common. It's a pattern interrupt. It's a change in modality, right and then all of a sudden it becomes commonplace and now everybody everybody and their brother is using it.

We know that what happens right? Everybody becomes enamored with the next latest and greatest shiny object. And so they then they then leave that and they go on to something else. Well when they go on to something else and enough time has passed that's an opportunity for us to go back and leverage what was used before as long as it is not immediately recognized by the majority of the marketplace. And so there are a lot of things that were.

Um, we're commonly used that are no longer commonly used that I believe if we broke out of the the archives they would still be effective. That and so to it's a great Point next is exclusivity. Right? And so exclusivity is this idea leverages this desire to belong to something special to be part of something special to get access to something that others don't ordinarily or wouldn't ordinarily get access to and so right when when we can demonstrate, um in the copy the exclusive nature of the the offer right that they'll be one of only a handful that they'll be one of only a few that they'll be recognized. As you know, as part of this select small group, right people have that natural desire to want that first of all, we view things that are exclusive that are that are not widely available to just anybody we view them as more valuable, but there's also this Of identification and pride right?

And so I've leveraged this numerous times and so to point out just a couple pieces of copy. Um, So even let me see. So even most recently with the decade plus swipe file that we that we released right that was you know, it was it's it was presented as their their right like this is a once in a lifetime swipe file that you will not get anywhere else and the fact of the matter is that 99% of the marketplace will never get their hands on this and never see what's inside of this and when you respond today you will and you'll be part of an exclusive group a tiny group of people that have this Insider knowledge on the best of the best Direct Mail campaigns putting you in a completely different League. That that is leveraging exclusivity. Um When I years ago when I held the big idea boot camp, so when the first time that I brought the big idea to the marketplace was this today live event.

It was I think I don't remember if it was 15 grand or 12 Grand a ticket to be in attendance. And um, I think we had 15 16 people in attendance. It was a small group but part of the sales letter for the big idea boot camp was I said something along the lines of of I mentioned the there were there were a couple of conferences couple of live events in the past that the people that were in attendance at those events kind of wore it as a bad badge of honor. So there was when the very first time many many years ago when John Reese held his like traffic Secrets live event and like Gary Halbert was in Dance and whatnot that was talked about for years after that event. Like if you were there you were part of an exclusive group like you were in the presence of of top marketers and experiencing something that like no other people will you know, the majority of people will never experience the same thing with Gary Benz of anger's like retirement event.

The last event that he had for copy in I believe Manhattan right the best of the best marketers and copywriters in the world. We're in attendance. And so when I in a part of the sales letter for the big idea boot camp, I leverage that I talked about there have been right there have been two other events in the history of our of our industry that uh that if you were in attendance, right it was worthy of talking about that people looked at you as oh my gosh. How did you get In the door. Well, this will be the third event in our industry.

And if you have the opportunity to be in attendance blah blah blah and so right exclusivity. This doesn't apply to everything right if we're selling, you know bags of fertilizer. We're not necessarily going to you know be able to leverage exclusivity. But when you can you have to remember that one of the kind of desires emotional desires that people have is to be part of something to to be part of something or to get something that is exclusive. This is why when there are limited releases on products and there's only one hundred of these bad boys printed right that there is a greater value.

There's a greater desire for it and there's a pride of ownership in that thing. It's also why we also leverage this with the when the Agora Financial guys asked me to release their copy school. And what did we choose to do? We hand numbered each one of the thumb driv. We put it on thumb drive.

Yeah purposely right we put it on thumb drives purposely and we hand numbered each one. Right? Why because in that I also leveraged exclusivity and it's all kind of the same thing right that you're gonna be getting your hands on something that people have been clamoring for years to get access to people have tried to get in the door is behind the scenes and learn what Agora is doing people have tried to get their hands on their on their approach to developing. Um, you know, a copyrighters they never will today you have the opportunity to be part of an exclusive group and get your hands on a training that other people would happily pay 30 40, even fifty thousand dollars to get access to today. You have the opportunity to become one of the Insiders and own it.

That's exclusivity. Next is the um is the takeaway and the takeaway is more of a copyrighting kind of Gambit if you will and the takeaway is this kind of is this when you you know, what most prospects what most people expect from marketing from marketers from advertisers from sales people is that we're gonna push push push push push. What we're gonna say is you need this you want this this is gonna be great for you. You want to buy this blah blah blah. And so when we use the takeaway pulling it away from them and almost saying to them like this might not be for you and look if you meet any of this criteria, this is not for you and you should go away.

That's the takeaway when things are taken away from people right or taken out of their reach when it's like look, I'm not I'm not you want this phone or you're curious about this phone? Here's the here's the reality. The reality is. I'm not sure if you're ready for this. I'm not sure if this is appropriate I need to Sure that you are right for this not only is this right for you, but I need to make sure that you are right for this.

And so oftentimes I use this in copy and it's oh it's used really within the context of who is this not for right? And so very regularly. I'll say something like this is not for you. If this this is not for you if you're looking for a push button magic solution. This is not for you.

If you're waiting, you know, if you're waiting for the money fairy to show up in your bedroom tonight with stacks of hundred dollar bills. This is not for you. If you're not willing to take your business and marketing seriously fact of the matter is right and then I go into the takeaway. So I'm describing you know who this is not for and then I go into the takeaway and I say if that if any of those described you this is not for you and you should leave this page now or right you should pass on this offer, right? This is not for you and I would hate to see you claim one of the limited, you know, limited manuals to this bad boy, right?

And that that's the that's the the takeaway. I first saw this many many moons. Go as a young lad when I was in the fitness industry and I worked for a company that was incredibly Savvy at the peak of this company. This company's growth. I started with them when they had one location one Health Club and their health clubs are always, you know, these 40 45,000 square foot magnificent architecture, um clubs I started with them when they had one and I believe when I left we had 10 if I'm not mistaken.

Um, and we were doing about 3,000 new members a month. We were enrolling 3,000 members a month. We were doing about three million dollars a year in personal training services. That was what I was responsible for and they had a consultant who they brought in to train the sales team on the sales process the sales flow from the time somebody enters the door calls on the phone to the tour and and then closing and and all that jazz and one of the things that Used to teach the salespeople to do was when somebody would call on the phone and they would say something like you know, how much is the club that one of the first questions that they would ask how much is membership and of course they the the staff was taught to immediately ask a deflecting question. Like is this for you or is this for somebody in your family?

Right? Because ideally we didn't want to answer the question of price. Why didn't we want to why do you think we didn't want to answer the question of price just a total aside? Adida what do you think when somebody picked up the phone called our health clubs? We have 45,000 square foot health clubs gorgeous architecture, and we're more expensive than everybody else in the area.

And so why didn't we want to just get when somebody said how much is it? Why didn't we want to say it's back then it was you know, it was like $900 down and ten bucks a month or something like that. Why didn't we want to just give the price over the phone? What do you think Adida? Well, I guess depending on the context but you know before they understand the value, that's it.

That's the whole thing. Right that you know that it absent of value right absent a value. What they're gonna hear is that we know that we're the most expensive Club so absent of any value or demonstration of value absent of any demonstration of a USP back then you know, what made us completely different and Superior to everybody else was absent and so why would we expect anybody to just arbitrarily be willing to pay more than what it is that they can get at another Health Club, so we never wanted to give out price because we wanted the opportunity to demonstrate value. It's the same reason by the way why I'm such a big believer in not allowing people to control the the flow of a vsl. It's why I don't like putting controls on there because why would I want to give somebody the ability to just go scrub right to the end and see the price point right when you know, I remember many many years ago when I was still so this is going back 15 16, probably maybe even 18 years ago at this point.

I'm still in New Jersey and I have to replace the windows in my house. And so I just moved into I moved into a house wanted to replace the windows. And so a sales guy came out and he gave the greatest Spiel like it was the greatest thing the greatest presentation right like and I'm such a buyer. You know what I mean? Like I would say, you know, like 15 minutes into this thing after they got the guy took an example window pain and part of this thing was that like it kept out heat, um and cold like extremely well so that we would be saving money on our heating bill and our AC and so what the guy did and ironically we're also gonna talk about this what he did was he took this this sample window pain and he lit a lighter underneath one side the outside of the window pain and he said to me he's like Todd put your hand on top of the the window paint on the in what would be the inside and so I did and he said do you feel any heat and I said no and he said exactly and I was like, Do the whole house?

I'm ready and my wife's like oh easy, you know my wife that the the same one is like slow down there, you know Buckaroo. Uh, and so but the thing is that right if I would have said to that guy when he walked in the door just tell me the price, right it would have been absent of value the demonstration right was to prove the claims that he was making about the the window panes to to establish the value and so um, so right so that's a point that I want to make but getting back to the takeaway if people would say well, how much is it right if they would just go right? Is this for you or somebody else? They would say it's for me and I just want to know the price we were taught to ask another question, which is have you ever been in to one of our facilities. And if the person said no, then we would say well what we like to do is we like to say set everybody up with an appointment take you on a tour show you around the facility show you blah blah blah and then sometimes people would say.

Okay cool. Then boom the appointment was done, but other times people would continue to go back to I just want to know how much it is. And then the team was then trained to use a takeaway. And so the the I don't remember the exact language, but it was something like is price. The only thing that you are concerned with right.

Are you looking for the cheapest Club? Because if you're simply looking for the cheapest club and not the best value then there are a lot of other clubs in the area that we would recommend for you. But if you're looking for the best club with the best value then what we would do for you is bring you in, you know schedule an appointment bring you in and take you on a tour. How does that sound? And so that's the takeaway like the takeaway is if all you're looking for is the cheapest price we'll recommend something else to you.

You can go with so what are we ultimately doing? We're taking away the membership from them. That's what we're doing. We're saying like now we're not, you know, we're not interested in selling it to you then right? And what does that do?

That makes people want it more? And so that is the takeaway next is social proof and social proof is is right is is pretty is probably the most self-explanatory on this entire list, right? Social proof is demonstrating that there are other people that value this that there are other people that have paid for this if there are other people happy with this that there are other people getting great results with this right and social proof people like to follow the crowd. It's really why I'll bring up the next one which is consensus and consensus is a little bit different from social proof, but it's really leveraging the same or a very similar trigger in that consensus is like when um, you know, this is being used by over 12,000 entrepreneurs and marketers and over 78 different countries for the last six and a half years that's consensus. You're showing them that others value this others are doing it social proof is really More in this context in a marketing context it is excuse me when we think of testimonials.

In case studies and a volume, right and consensus is showing them that the majority. Think that this is a good value that a lot of people similar to you like you similar backgrounds with similar problems and similar desires value this have acted on this are using this therefore. So should you right? We know that people like to operate with the herd people like to stick with the the herd right? There's I don't know if it goes back to you know, the The evolutionary kind of you know, like, you know, the even in animals right when they are in a pack the where is the safest where is the safest position to be if you're a pack of you know of animals, where is the safest spot to be in the center?

In the center right in the midst of everybody else last thing right? Like there's the we feel there's little safety when you're off on your own over there. Everybody else is over there. I'm off over here. What do we automatically think?

Well, I'm in the wrong spot. Right. I'm doing the wrong thing. When you get off a plane right when you get off a plane and you know that the majority of people they're getting off a plane the majority of people are not going to catch a connecting flight. The majority of people are either going to baggage claim or ground transportation.

And so if you turn left and you see the majority of people turn, right, what do you automatically say right right wrong or right whether or right or wrong whether right? What do we say? Well, I'm going the wrong way. That's obviously the right way, right? Meanwhile, it's not necessarily the case at all.

It's just that we like to stick with the masses. We like to stick with the hurt people feel safe when they follow the herd period right or wrong and I would say I would say really if we take a step back Really Right the right thing to do if you want, you know, if you want extraordinary results extraordinary outcomes in life. The reality is the last thing you want to do is follow the herd, right? The last thing that you want to do is follow the hurt because the herd gets the ordinary the hurt the hurt gets the average if you want the average do what the the average the majority do follow the herd if you don't want The average and you want extraordinary then you can't do what the majority do and so the majority in most aspects of Life are not right, but we have this this innate, you know built into US device. That's like I'm going this way.

Everybody else is going that way man. That must be the right way and so consensus anything that you guys would add to that. Not that I would say take away a lot of a lot of times people. Mess that up and it hurts them. That's one.

How would you say they mess it up well, but they a lot of times they they try to use takeaway in such a way that it That they do it incorrectly and they say, you know, if you are if you're qualified, you're not qualified kind of thing at this it's kind of hard to but my finger on but a lot of times it just sounds really bad if it's like new marketers when they try doing it. Yeah. Well I sense. Yeah it um, I mean, I I get it, you know, um, I think you know, I think look, you know, I think this is where You know we can get into the the subtleties and maybe what we'll do is we'll talk about this and then I'll save part two for next week, right because there's you know, we're six we're not even halfway through and so we'll save we'll do this part two next week. I I think you know it is this is where it comes back to a word that I use often when it comes to marketing and copy and that is nuance and right because sometimes people do things like the takeaway and the takeaway has to be done delicately because if it's not you can come across as obnoxious as rude, right like um, and we know that right who do who do people like doing business with people that they eat that they know like and Trust right and that are like them people that they know like and trust and that are like that that's the reality.

Who do we like doing business with most people that we know like trust and and that are most like that well, Them and and liking ironically is one of Robert cialdini's six persuasion principles one of his core like persuasion principles that people like that when people like you that it's easier to persuade them when people dislike you right it's much more difficult to persuade them people will resist it. They don't want to follow the lead of somebody that they don't like and so when it comes across as rude, As obnoxious um, or as you making an assumption of their identification of who they are, then you can very easily rub people the wrong the wrong way. And so I and so yeah, it needs to be done with a, you know needs to be done delicately for sure Adida anything that you would add to that the takeaway. Um not about the takeaway. I had something about social proof.

Sure fire away. Yeah, so I well and I think it was from childini that the underlying reason for why social proof works is the little lizard brain and the not wanting to make a decision or make it easy for yourself. So you follow the crowd, you know, most people are doing that. I don't want to make any decisions even if I don't really understand it or especially if I don't understand this so I'll just do it the way they do. Yeah, that's a great.

It's a great point. You know, I really think I I describe it as right. It's this desire for safety and safety has a lot of kind of a lot of different levels and aspects in this context, right? Like number one. I don't want to make you know, a bad decision.

I don't want to get ripped off. I don't want to fall for a scam. I don't want to get sucked into Something that is going to make me look bad something that I'm gonna be embarrassed about right? It's safety. It's this it's the desire to feel safe in making a decision and part of that is like that like I want to feel safe making like I want to make sure that I'm making a right decision and so in a lot of in a lot of context like you just said Adida and it you could see it in the in the airport example that we use we use what others are doing as a bit of a shortcut as a heuristic if you will right when the masses are doing something we almost feel like even if it's not the best it's the safest right?

Like it might not be the best but it's the safest and so right it always when we ask people to do things that go against the norm and go against the ordinary. There is a heightened awareness of risk, right and that comes from our natural desire to stay. With the herd and so right like and so we have to be sensitive to that because you don't want you don't want to trigger that that heightened level of risk fear a lack of safety, right? Because that keeps people from responding from from taking action. And so I think that that that's a great point one other real quick point before we wrap up this part one with the takeaway.

I also feel not only do I value the takeaway because I value it for more than just the fact that it makes the the solution more desirable when we pull it away, right? Like, you know, like if I went into a, you know, like Best Buy or something like that and I was looking at a TV and there were two two options that I had and the salesperson said, right and I'm contemplating between the two and the salesperson said this one over here this one to the right, you know, let's say he said something like this. One is selling so fast, which is right consensus. Like it's this leveraging right? It's selling so fast.

I'm not really sure if I can sell this to you today. And so I'm gonna have to find out from my manager if I can even give this to you right there might be a couple of qualifications like you you need to pay in cash not on credit card and you need to walk out with it today. If I'm if I was able to to get my manager to say okay to that. Would you be able to swing that I'd be like wrap it up? Wrap it up.

I want that one. Right and that's that right. It's it's almost to some extent, you know, like look this is this goes back to where when when you've heard it said that we are emotional creatures and we make decisions emotionally. Sometimes there is no logic to support that emotional desire. Right?

Like I might think that well it's selling quickly. Therefore. It must be great because it's wildly popular. Well, that's an assumption that I'm making just because something is selling quickly doesn't mean it's great. Right?

There are a lot of products that sell like crazy that aren't good products and then there are great products that don't sell very quickly at all nearly because they don't have good advertising and marketing right? So just because something sells and and sells a lot of it doesn't mean it's a great product it might mean if anything that the marketing and advertising is great. And so right there's a there's you know oftentimes there is this emotional pull with these triggers that can't even be backed logically if you really the time to process but we tend to write resort to emotions, but the other reason why I value the takeaway the other reason why I like it is because it is not what is typically expected from a marketing from a marketer from a salesperson from an entrepreneur from somebody that's offering a product right remember it's very similar to the the damaging admission. So the damaging and Mission is another trigger. I don't have it on this list, but I often use it damaging condition is when we admit a flaw to the to the prospect about the product we admit something negative that has the appearance of damaging to the product but it's really inconsequential to the sale.

Well, the reason why that that first of all it's wildly effective because it is not at all what they expect a salesperson to do right sales people that the average salesperson isn't admitting anything negative about the product. They remind me of the the typical for me. The only kind of analogy that I would or example connection that I would make is you know is when you watch if you watch the news and you want like you watch Fox News you watch CNN you watch Fox News. Everything on the right is great and everything on the left is bad. Right?

And so I know I'm getting a biased right report because the Fox News everything on the right. Everything conservative is fantastic is wonderful and everything on the left is horrible CNN. It is everything on the right is terrible and everything on the left is is great. Right? That's what I fully expect from CNN.

That's what I fully expect from from Fox News what people naturally expect from marketing from advertising from sales people is this is great. Let me give you all the reasons right and most people expect if there's any negative. They're gonna hide it. They're not gonna address it. They're not gonna talk about it.

They're gonna keep it secret therefore when we do and we use a little damaging admission in the copy, right it brings down the sales filter it brings down the Distance of the prospect because it's not at all what we what what they expect when the damaging admission is done. Right? Right. We're admitting something a flaw a negative about the product that is inconsequential to the sale. It's not going to make or break the sale.

So the very first time that I use the damaging Mission ironically was in the very first sales letter that I wrote very first sales letter that I wrote I wrote for I was selling a home study kit to massage therapists and it was it was binders. It was cassette tapes cassette tapes, right? My kids don't even know what a cassette tape is cassette tapes a hard diskette, you know, like it was this monster 350 dollar thing. It was really modeled. After what I was first exposed to the first information product that um that I saw and to keep it inexpensive in terms of production, right?

It was it was this binder in a loose leaf. Remember the old school Lucy's you pull open the the metal thing. You had the point the paper three-hole punch, you put it in there. And then what'd you do you slip the cover on the front underneath that little plastic on the front. And so all I did was I had like a yellow yellow cardstock with black letters on the front the name the name of the thing.

So the whole thing was was it was black black, you know, text white paper yellow covers. No Graphics no color whatsoever. It was insanely ugly. Now. The product was about showing massage therapists how to grow their practice how to require new clients and and all that jazz.

And so I there was a damaging a mission in that first piece of copy. That was something like now look I've got to be honest with you this um kit is ugly. It's not pretty it doesn't have four color graphics and images and pretty pictures. It's all black taxed with yellow, you know, simple Yelp Black and Yellow on front covers if that bothers you or if you're looking for something that you can proud. Display on your bookshelf right this isn't it?

But if you're looking for the absolute best information to grow your massage practice, that's what you're going to find in here. That was a damaging admission. But I knew nobody cared about that. Nobody was excited to put it on their bookshelf and display it and so it was inconsequential right to them. So it lowered the sales filter but what it also did was the same thing that that the takeaway um does which is it's the unexpected right?

So the takeaway does it's not what they it's not what they expect they certainly want it more because it's being taken away from them damaging admission. It is a lowers their sales filter because it makes them feel like well everything else that they that they're saying must be the truth which not is not necessarily the case because they're admitting a flaw here, but it's also not what they expect so I'm a very big believer in the copy should not feel pushy. It shouldn't feel like I'm pushing somebody to buy it should feel like I'm leading them. See the decision that is in their best interest and that's a huge difference. I'm not trying to push.

I'm not trying to be obnoxious about it. Like right like I don't want to say things like, you know, like you need to do this or you're gonna fail I might say that like, right like if you don't do this, there's a greater likelihood that you're gonna struggle and maybe even fail therefore does it make sense for you to act on this now that kind of feeling so I don't want to push them to buy. I want to lead them to see why buying is in their best interest. So I like to make sure that I'm demonstrating attributes of our message that go against what they expect from a typical marketer Advertiser salesperson. Does that make sense?

Any final comments that you make for this part one? I just in terms of takeaway actually preview in the first round when you were talking about it. I was thinking does it have to do also with Identity or self-image like, you know, you know when you say like, you know, this is only for people who are committed and so on the prospect is thinking no I am committed. You know, hi, I'm that person, you know, so I think that's what we usually do or often. Do you know?

Yeah, you can do you can do it that way too. Right? So like so the takeaway like right there's you can certainly present it as like, you know, this is not for XY and z and so if x y or Z describes you this is not for you and I would tell you to pass but you can also do it on the affirmative side where you can do it like right. This is for the entrepreneurs that really understand recognize the enormous. Value of getting their hands on a 20-year proven system for blah blah blah and want the best of the best in their business.

If you consider yourself that kind of entrepreneur then great, you're gonna love what it is that I'm about to share with you in the rest of this video that kind of thing and so you can do it on on on either side to some capacity, right? And this is this is also this goes back to Michael what you were kind of talking about as well with the the takeaway and and this idea of nuance. I also think that when we were talking about it feels like six meetings ago when we were talking about the pattern interrupt and and how things right well oftentimes what you know, people will do things like, you know, if you qualify, you know, if you qualify this might be perfect for you, right and that's very kind of standard language. I think I've probably or we've probably used that or have that somewhere in some of our um campaigns, but the reality is that even the languaging that's used to deploy the takeaway. Can also become commonplace where now what you're doing is you're immediately tipping your hand like in other words prospects here.

You say certain things and they're like, yeah, here we go everybody and their brother is saying you got to qualify. You got to jump through hoops, right? And so then it becomes this, right it becomes Eternal because it feels like more of the same and it feels like right if a lot of people are view marketers, which a lot of people do as kind of, you know, as you know, scammy as you know as a slick, you know, hoxters and and whatnot. And now we're saying something that those other people are saying it immediately triggers that awareness of I know what you're doing. Right?

I know exactly what you're doing and it feels freaking icky therefore. I don't really like you much nor do I trust you much and you're coming across as everybody else. See that's the Nuance of it that when you do and say things that make you feel like everybody else in the everybody else they view in a negative light. Well, you've just put yourself in a position to really, you know to really hurt your hurt your conversions and that's why it goes back to the difference between the pro and the amateur the pro is constantly looking for a different way. So while everybody else is, you know, is you've got to qualify with an application.

Well, is there a different way that we can do the the takeaway the the you got to make sure that you qualify for this without necessarily saying qualifying without using the same tactic of the the application and so make sense. All right. Appreciate you guys hanging out with me for a little bit longer than normal part one of our 16 triggers next week actually next week. I'm gonna pre-record the the second part because I'll be out of town next week. So I'll record the second part and then I'll post it in the slack channel for you guys and so cool.

All right. Great. Thanks. You got it. Thank you guys for hanging out having amazing day.

If you guys need anything you let me know if not rock and roll guys.
