---
title: "cc_2022-08-09"
date: 2022-08-09
duration: 45m
duration_seconds: 2733
vimeo_id: 737985725
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-08-09

**Date:** 2022-08-09 | **Duration:** 45m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

comforting Alright, so what we're gonna talk about today is is really how to extend the life of a campaign like how to link in the campaign some ideas that we can use for for follow-up even some ideas as you're gonna see that we can use prior to a campaign some ideas that we can use for content for messaging even in between campaigns to further the sale. So what we're talking about here is we're talking about what I call content chunks or really conversion chunks. I don't really refer to them as purely content because the aim of these particular chunks and we're gonna go through kind of quickly. We're gonna go through 18 different types of these chunks many of these you'll already be familiar with the purpose and aim of these chunks is to really do two things. It is to deliver value, of course as always and to further the sale.

To move the prospect one step closer to to really wanting the solution that we have. And so I share that because and you've heard me say this a number of times right? We're not educating for Education sake we're not trying to show how smart we are. We're not just trying to give in for information to to give in for information or merely to build Goodwill or merely to continue to stay in contact with people. Certainly we want to build Goodwill.

Certainly we want to remain in contact with our tribe with our house file, but we want to deliver value while we are furthering the sale. And so we want to make sure that we are always furthering the sale and when done correctly you can deliver value build Goodwill all that stuff. And so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna share my screen over here and then I am going to share this little Rinky Dink slide Deck with you. And so let me give a little bit of context first. So this really originated this really kind of started to come about this list many years ago when I was um asked to by Russell Brunson to give a presentation at the very first, what was it?

What's it called funnel hacking live or click funnels live funnel hacking live? Yeah. And so this was right after the original book promotion for.com Secrets. It was a crazy promotion. I think we helped Russell just from a cell something like 3200 books or something like that for for that promotional.com Secrets when it was first launch.

Uh, the the famous or inFAMOUS story of so Jeff Walker. I think we sold whatever call it. Let's say, I don't remember the exact number 3200 and part of the the of course. There was a lot of you know, there was the money on the line and commissions and all that jazz, but ironically there was also Russell's I think Ferrari or something like that. I'm not a car person.

And so I drive a Dodge Ram, you know, one of these big Dodge Ram pickup trucks, but nevertheless there was this Ferrari I figured, you know, I would either raffle it off in some contest or sell it off or donated or who knows what but right up until I think the final hour we were winning the contest and then our buddy Jeff Walker came in famously and sold. We had sold Call It Whatever 3200 books and he finished with thirty two hundred and thirty two or something like that. And so he ended up winning that bad boy, which was cool. And I call Jeff and it was all it was all great. And then that Ferrari turned out to be a nightmare for him.

And so but what what I was asked to talk about at that first funnel hacking live was How I ran our our campaign at the time we had a much smaller audience than did Jeff Walker at the time. And so how did I run the run the campaign? And what I really talked about was this ability to continue to communicate with the audience without ever feeling like I was hammering them over and over and over with the same thing, right? And so how do you continue to stay in contact with the tribe? How do you continue to message them?

How do you continue to further the sale day after day without leaving them feeling like you're just pounding the same message over and over or that you're just pounding them with the offer and so I was constantly looking for new angles kind of new approaches to content because I always wanted to try to deliver good, you know value and build good will but always while moving the sale. And so this is really when this list started to kind of come into come into creation or really started to become top of mind for me. And so we're gonna walk through of these 18 very quickly. Like I said many of these are probably already familiar with but you might not have realized how they can be used to extend a funnel and look here's the reality right. So, you know, I've had this question asked over the years starting from back then How do you know when it's time to end a follow-up sequence and move on to the next campaign?

Right? Like how do you know? When is it five days? Is it three days is it 16 days? How do I decide really when it's time to all right.

This campaign is over and now it's time to move on to a move the prospect over to a different campaign. And for me it really almost always comes back to when I have nothing new to say that can add value and further the sale when there is no longer anything else that I can say that can contribute value and further the sale. That's what I'm done if that takes me 21 days if it takes me four days, whatever it may be I don't start with an arbitrary length. I always start with or you know, do I have anything else to say and I really use or kind of mix in a variety of these um chunks and so in no particular order and some of these of course are gonna seem are gonna be Really common sense. I think all of them are really common sense.

But let's just start with the first one again in no particular order. So a story of failure to success specifically a story about a similar type of prospect than the one that we are speaking to and how they went from failure or struggling to success. And so this isn't we're not necessarily sharing any deep tactical techniques in this kind of email. We're really using this to instill hope and motivation in the in the individual right? And so when we can talk about how like somebody was struggling somebody was failing somebody was ready to give up and they decided to try something new try something different which is XYZ and then they went on to um to become success and the aim here is to communicate this through story.

And not simply tell right. So we're not saying this person was struggling life suck. They were ready to give up they discovered E5 and now life is great for them and they're making a bunch of money. That's not a story right? Those are just a bunch of statements.

And so here it is the idea of story and what this does is right it instills hope and it instills motivation now, I want to pause for one second and say this that whenever we talk about value and I think that you've heard me say this many times before whenever we talk about value one of the very first things that that people and I used to struggle with this and so I I was I battled with what it is that I'm about to say when we talk about value what immediately most people think of when they think I have to deliver value is they think I have to deliver actionable how to information and yes actionable how to information is valuable, but there are lots of other forms of value. You're gonna see it in here you're gonna see many of these that are never telling never How to information techniques tactics write actionable, um actionable content like in the weeds and so a story of failure to success it's valuable because it can show somebody that they can do it, especially when we choose the story correctly what I mean is especially if we take a prospect who is in a worse position than the majority of prospects that we're talking to an individual with more Hang-Ups more issues more difficulties than the individuals that we're talking to and we're able to demonstrate that that person average with no special gifts or talents was able to go from where our current prospects are to where they ultimately want to be again it instills hope it instills it triggers motivation and and it demonstrates that it can be done. Next is our mechanism Discovery story. And so the mechanism Discovery story is really just what led to the discovery of the mechanism that we are talking about. So it was funny because um, ironically a very recently Joel erway interviewed me while we were together in Orlando for top one.

And so we went in this other room and and we did this live interview for his podcast was really cool. Really fun. Love Joel super sharp marketer great, dude and phenomenal, uh, interviewing skills. Well, one of the questions that he asked me. We talked a lot about E5 but one of the questions that he asked me was how did you like what led to the discovery of E5 like why what what pushed you to discover E5?

And so the beauty of this type of story is that it's not merely a discovery story. It is a story of what was going wrong and what difficulties I had and what hangups I had and then Based on that. I was forced to look for to on Earth to discover a different way a way that turned out to be a better way that led to what it is that we we have now, so I got the chance to talk about right that um, and this is an important Nuance here. And then certainly if there's anything that you want to add to this Michael you can go ahead and chime in but it gave me the ability to say like look number one, right? I I have a very different background than most of the typical online marketing, you know Business Development experts in that.

I've always had one foot in the traditional online marketing world and I've had another foot simultaneously in the large direct response publishing world the agoras and the motley fools and and so on and so that unique perspective gave me the ability to see number one what the the what the online marketing world was doing that was effective. And what the agoras were doing that were effective and what the agoras were doing that the online marketing world wasn't doing and what the online marketing world wasn't doing that the agoras were doing and I tell the story of how I then literally just brought the stuff from this side over here and brought the stuff from this side over here and they both thought that I was a genius but mean while it was just hey, I saw this I saw this and what I did was I brought the best of both the key elements that both were doing and I brought them together into a seamless system. And so you see how that Discovery Story furthers the value of the discovery it furthers the value of the system right when people understand that like like right and it really came about because I saw that this side the big direct response companies were doing things that these guys weren't doing that. These guys were neglecting and of course there were things that these guys over here were doing that. These guys were neglecting when I introduced to them this stuff they sword when I introduce to them.

Right to this side the stuff they were doing they soared and then when I put it together into a seamless system, everybody has been able to to soar. And so that Discovery story allows me to communicate key elements of what make the discovery the unique mechanism. So insanely valuable and so that makes sense Michael. Absolutely. Yeah.

Okay. Good. Next is probably the most common type of conversion chunk. And this has been talked about since I even came into the direct response marketing World during the dinosaur age and that is what to do not how to do it. And so this is information right in and I use this all the time in public forums when I'm when there is an offer coming in the end and that is right what to do without explaining how to do it.

So for example, I used to give these presentations at conferences events masterminds and whatnot. On um when there was an offer in the end and this is an important point right when there's an offer in the end. I'm not saying that our courses training programs paid things or when on paid to come in and and consult this is not that this is these are not the content chunks that I use but when we're leading to an offer what I what we'll do right what to do not how to do it. So I used to give these presentations on the Big Marketing idea. And what I would do is I would explain first and foremost how I came to understand the value of the Big Marketing idea from Mark Ford and and how I saw that there was a big marketing idea in every you know, in in every big home run campaign and why a big marketing ideas so important what a big marketing idea is like what it triggers.

It's a new unique fresh timely often contrarian ideas and idea that resonates emotionally. It's an idea that is intellectually interesting right and and I explain what can happen when you put together. A big idea and ultimately why you want a big idea. So in essence I'm telling them what to do. And so I'm getting buy-in on the value of the thing that I'm telling them to do though the what part but what I'm not explaining to them is how to do it.

So I'm not getting into the weeds and saying here's how you find the big idea. And here's right like this is where you go to look and this is how you flesh it out. And this is what is considered the seed of a big idea in this how you turn that seed into a full-blown big idea. And this is the criteria the checklist that you need to use to confirm. You've got a big marketing idea.

I'm not doing any of that that stuff is being done in our in the book in the in the training in E5 and and all that. And so what to do right is you are delivering value, but you could say that we're not putting a full bow on it. So the aim when you're trying to further the sale is what you really want to make sure you don't do is you really want to make sure you don't kill the reason for somebody to buy the reason for somebody to buy is How to instruction right but there's value in being delivered and telling people what to what to do right like what to do and really and why to do it and why it's so important and what they can expect to experience when they when they do it and the outcome you are you're teaching them something you're teaching them what to do and why to do it and convincing them and you're really in essence not only telling them what to do but you're putting forth an argument for why they should do it and why it's so valuable and what problem it will alleviate and what the transformational be the the outcome so you're not going totally blind like you're not saying you need to get attention and that's it. We're saying you need to get attention and the best way to get attention is with a big marketing idea and let me tell you why and let me tell you what it is and let me tell you what it'll do for you and let me tell you kind of what it what it triggers in the brain and let me tell you right how it's been wildly effective for everybody. And so what you need to do is you need to put together a big marketing idea for your campaign step two boom and then we go on and that is An example of what to do not how to do it make sense Michael absolutely often times.

I'll tell you that this this Chunk in and of itself can oftentimes become the heart and soul of an entire campaign. Right? So another words you can build an entire marketing message, um around this this chunk this approach of what to do not how to do it can become the foundation of a campaign. It's funny because I was a Paul had messaged me earlier about some post ironically related to The Big Marketing idea in one of these in one of these online Facebook groups, and he asked me a question about the post and I and so I I had sent them a copy of the original big idea boot camp sales letter which you know, I forget my memory is going he saw it, you know a number of times in the past, but really when I was kind of reviewing it Just because I pulled it up and you know like to look at you know is from 2014. I believe that sales letter the whole entire thing was what to do, right why to do it right what what the value of it and and how it's changed the game how it's a game changer.

But nowhere in that letter was there how to do is the call to action was right? If you want to know how to do this, you know, come and join us for the big idea boot camp and so wildly valuable chunk. Next is show a piece of what to do in the context of the bigger system. So this is very similar to what it is that I just said for example, right E5 is made up of as you know, probably better than I do is made up of five stages write one of the stages is engineer, right? And so look I could talk about the engineering stage and not talk about the the examination stage or right the evaluate stage or any of the other stages and right and as long as I am presenting this in the context of this is part of a bigger system, I'm gonna give you one piece of a bigger system that is arguably the most critical piece for you to understand and so in this context if I was doing that I can also if I wanted to I can teach them what to do and how to do it.

I don't have to leave out the how to how to do it. If it is one piece to a bigger puzzle or a bigger system you could do this and I've done this a number of Times I continue to do this even on a micro level so we could take if you really look at what it is that we just talked about with what to do and not how to do it. With the Big Marketing idea. Well, we know that a big marketing idea is only one piece of the Engineering Process for an E5 campaign right? There is the lead there is the unique mechanism.

There's the argument there's a cpb chunks. There's a Segway there's the offer right? There's a CTA. There's all these other other pieces and so we can talk about one of those pieces meaning right I can talk about the offer if I wanted to letting them know that this is one piece to an E5 campaign in this comes at the end. Right and I can teach them what to do there and why to do it there and even a bit of how to to do it there, but because it's only one piece of a bigger system when light bulbs go off for them, right they see the value in getting the entire system you see how so this could be another piece of content that we use to further the sale deliver value build good will all that next thing that we can do is and this is you this is also kind of a little bit It's another way of sharing kind we could tell them what to do, but not necessarily the best way to do it.

And so oftentimes you see this with um, you see this you used with things like I don't I don't mean. Hey, let's pick a garbage way for them to do something and teach that that's not what I'm saying what I'm saying here is this is often used with software. So let's say there is a we're selling a piece of software to help people get top Google rankings. And this piece of software does five different things for them to help them get top Google rankings. It identifies top back, you know top websites to get back links on blah blah blah and all this stuff.

Well, we could certainly tell them what to do. And that what to do is a manual process for how to go about and get all that information and bring it into a spreadsheet and write and ultimately we're gonna convince them of the enormous value of each of let's say it's five steps five different things. We're gonna teach them the enormous value of each of those five things. But when it comes to telling them what to do, right, we're going to explain that. Here's how you can do this on your own right?

No purchase. No nothing right? Here's how you can do it on your own and we're gonna show them the manual process. Now, of course, we know if we're providing a software that does it all and automates the whole thing that a manual process is not the best way to do it and so right we're ultimately Right, we're ultimately teaching them what to do and when done right and let's just be honest here. We want them to understand the value of doing it but see doing it as wildly tedious and time-consuming like we want them to get it right in this context like get it see it understand the value believe that it'll work but be like man that is a lot of work because at that point when we pivot into the offer for the better solution, right the best solution if you will, which is this automated piece of software, right?

We've already convinced them of the value of the five things that the software does and so this is an example of telling them right like what to do. Not necessarily the the best way to do it. Now look you could also do this with certain information products certain information Training Systems, because what you can do is you can talk about you can talk about let's say the value of getting attention and how there are you know, There the probably the the three best there are three different, you know top strategies for tactics if you will forgetting attention in any Marketplace and then I can go through two of those three, right? I can go through using a pattern interrupt and why it works right? I'm built.

Number one. I'm gonna build value around the necessity of getting attention the necessity of having something different unique I go through a pattern interrupt right? I could go through something else and then I can save the best one for last which is the Big Marketing idea and let them know that right. They they can opt in to learn more they can go and purchase the thing and so it gives me the ability to educate to teach to give value but not necessarily on the best way make sense. Yes, absolutely.

Okay. Next is how to do things they need to do they need to know more to do best or completely right like or fully and so a great example of this was something that years ago many many moons ago when I used to work with um chiropractors in helping them grow their practice marketing patient acquisition all that. I had this program that that basically showed them how to set up these automated direct response systems. Okay, so I showed them right it was it was it Walked In A to Z step by step through setting up these automated these automated systems. And so I had a great education based on video series.

I should send this to you at some point because to this day it's still a great a great series. It looks a little dated but it's a great powerful education based content. And so, excuse me. And so what I did was I basically explained a high level. I gave a high level overview of what it is that they needed to do and why it worked but I would I left out certain details that I knew they would need more hand-holding in order to do properly.

So for example, I I might just as an example. I might have said like, um, the very first thing that you want to do is you want to um, you want to register and set up a domain name. The second thing that we want to do is we want to install a free piece of software what's called a Content management system known as WordPress on to your hosting. This is free. This is very simple.

It takes just a minute to do this and what that'll that allows us to do is step three and step three and then blah blah and I went on but what I never did was I never told them how to set up or install WordPress. And so right I gave them what to do, right. I was explaining what to do, but it was the details that I left out that they could get in the training program that we offered them in the end. And so I strategically did that throughout the education like some things I would give a complete I would put a bow on it for them. Right so that it wasn't just incomplete in completing completing complete one after another it was incomplete incomplete complete incomplete complete incomplete complete complete incomplete, right so that at the end they got it.

They saw it they understood the value, but they were like man, there are things that I don't know how to do that was my leverage point to be able to say right now if there are some of these things that you're unsure of how to do I've got good news for you. We're gonna cover from A to Z step by step right so that you can boom right get this done, right? So you see how and this is important that of course was all done strategically like we've talked about right strategically just like education-based content. At its core evm content is strategic content. It is designed to give value yet to further the sale.

It's designed to educate but educate in a way that moves the prospect closer to wanting to buy it is strategically done so that we're not revealing certain things and we are revealing others, right? It's strategically designed so that we create these information gaps in the mind of the prospect that we could then fill for them with the the offer and it's strategically designed so that we're building on value and interest and ultimately demand for the solution right without filling in all of the gaps so that they need to buy in order to fill in the gaps still valuable still informative still educational Still eye-opening Still creates. Aha moments still creates. Hope still creates excitement, right but it just doesn't feel in all the gaps. That is as a side note.

And I'm sure Michael you see this on a on a regular basis, right? The thing that you don't want to do that I used to you know, I used to see all the time right all the time when looking at campaigns and even sometimes now with top one members high level clients. I see this is you don't want to educate in a way that puts a bow on it for them. Meaning we're not we're not looking to like we're we're showing them the puzzle and we're putting some pieces in place. But what we're not doing is we're not giving them.

We're not handing them a complete puzzle. Right because what you do when you do that when you put a bow on it meaning when you tell them what to do and how to do it is you've now you've now given them you've now educated them to the point where they can go and take action. They don't need you. And so you shot yourself in the foot. You kill the Sail by doing that and so you have to leave some gaps in the education so that they need you to do it.

Our job is to give them education give them information to write to right but to do it in a way where it further is the sale and so anything that you would add to that Michael. I no, I I remember that campaign you did though it sucked me and boy. It you know, it was it was brilliant. It worked. You know, it worked.

It was just you know, and and that's the thing right that you know, I'm like look, let me let me step back for for one second. As well like look, you know, I you know, and I've said this many times before over the years, you know, you could on the on the bookshelf in the back my most prized possession out of this entire Library are the old school direct response books. I love them. Right the robber Collier Letter book John Caples Vic Schwab, Eugene Schwartz the Godfathers of direct response and I still recommend them highly really above all others because they're more strategic. They're more principal based than they are tactic based.

But one of the things that I've said for the longest time that I no longer agree with is that everything that we do today is salesmanship and print right. It's not you know, and I know that there are like look there, you know, there are nuances to what you call salesmanship what somebody else calls salesmanship I believe that the best type of marketing that we can do is education based is education based because it allows us to continue to Market to people continue to put messages out in front of them not make them feel like they're being sold right not pushing them but leading them right? I'm not trying to push somebody to buy. I'm trying to lead them to want to buy and those are two wildly different approaches. And so we do that through education the key is right that you are strategic about the education and so right that we're we're we are delivering value again not to beat a dead horse here throughout the whole thing.

Next is Right. Simple is why the common approach is not the best right? And so like I can talk about you know, let's say, you know, I could put together a whole message on why the common approach to you know, just picture product from start to finish like just dump benefits don't know education right just salesmanship in print I could put to go together a whole message on why that's not the best right the pitfalls of that what what you know what that doesn't do where you miss out, right? And so I can educate I could do that if I was a big webinar proponent, right and you know, I'm funnel agnostic or funnel model agnostic. But if I was like this guy that was a webinar guy, right and I believe wholeheartedly that webinars where the answer and therefore, you know vsls warrant, right?

Well, what I could do is put together a why why the typical approach Using vsls is not the best way right very recently, ironically. I saw a campaign from the folks over at vitalytics. So vitalytics is a is a you know a video player like it's a wistia competitor. Really really I I like the player a lot. I really been trying to push our team to switch over to to vitalytics since wistia, we pay, you know, a mafia rates, uh, and there was a campaign that what the campaign that I saw was basically are you still using an on-demand like webinar, right?

And if you are here are the problems with an on-demand webinar and why you don't want to use an on-demand webinar you want to use I think what they call the smart vsl, which I thought was also brilliant right this not just your standard vsl, but a smart vsl. So what did they do? Right they really showed you all of the pitfalls of an on-demand webinar or a registration BAS. Webinar and so all they were doing was educating you on what is wrong with that common approach and if you're using it what you're missing out on and ultimately then in the end it was and what you should be doing, right and then they switch to really a different chunk is right is a smart vsl. And here is what a smart vsl is and here's what it'll do for you.

And here's why you you want to do it, right and then ultimately in order to be able to do it you need their software and so just a brilliant education based message versus right? What is the typical non-direct response SAS company do Here's our product right? Here's what we'll do for you and here all the features and so your typical advertisement your typical pitch, right? What you expect what what is common what is all over the place what these folks did right at vitalytics was an education based approach and I thought that it was really well executed. This is very similar to the the common approach but is highlighting the stakes.

So this is kind of like what are the mistakes that people are making when that that is let's say crushing their sales conversion rate crushing their ability to get sales in our world. Right? What what are the mistakes that they are are making and we're highlighting those mistakes and explaining what those mistakes are and why they're mistakes and what problems they they cause and what benefits you miss out on if you're making those mistakes you can see this and you do see this all the time in the fitness weight training, you know body building Arena where people will say like trying to gain muscle. These are the seven mistakes that you need to avoid. Now, you'll notice here what they never tell you they tell you right like you need to make sure that you're not over training right over because when you're over training, you know, a decreases your immune system, it decreases your abilities your body's ability to Build muscle you end up burning muscle, right you end up getting sick more right?

And you're you're likely seeing this if you are if you have too high of a training volume and you're not allowing your body to to recover next mistake. See now what they never did was they never told you right? Like what is the right training volume what to do to not make that mistake they just highlighted the mistake and in the end, right? The the beauty is right, like if we highlighted hypothetically seven mistakes. Well when done correctly those seven mistakes would all be avoided or bypassed or fixed with our solution.

Right. So in an Ideal World, right right that that's your designing it inadver. You're designing it based on what is ours do right. What were the mistakes that hours? Correct?

What are the gaps that ours right fill that the others don't what are the problems that right like in that the other formula the other approaches the common approach the common methods? What are the mistakes there or what don't people understand that are leading to mistakes? And then we're highlighting those that's wildly valuable. Even though we're not telling them what to do. Right let alone how to do it.

We're not giving them an action plan a blueprint or anything like that where we are giving them ahaz. We are giving them things to think about. We are educating them. They are that much closer to being on the right path, whether they choose to to figure it out on their own or take advantage of our offer and so it is still it is still wildly wildly valuable anything that you would add to that Michael. No.

I just realized we're like halfway through yeah, we are halfway through you're right. And so we'll do part two next week. Okay, and so, yeah, so and then this is also similar and this will be the last one that we do today because there's a whole slide of more of these bad boys. And that is what not to do and why which is similar to highlighting the stakes right? But this is more so highlighting the mistakes are the things that people are doing now that are stopping them from getting the results.

Right what not to do is not necessarily the mistakes that they're making it could just be the mistakes that they could me or the the wrong path right that they don't want to do and why and so it's it's still again. It's still education based. It's still valuable, right and ultimately the key thing here is that Our of course if we say don't do these eight things, right and we go one by one and we like don't do this, right and here's why you know don't use overt promises in your Facebook ads that are you know, make unsubstantiated claims. Why because they're not complying to Facebook. You can get banned you can get booted off.

If you've ever been afraid of right if you've ever heard stories of people that had their ad account shut down lost that traffic Source. Well, it almost always comes from making right like from doing this and so you never want to do that instead. What you want to do is you want to make sure that you've got a a an ad creative that is compliant. But yet is wildly compelling and that's what we refer to as a big marketing idea big marketing ideas are compliant our compelling they get attention and they work now number two what you don't want to see how and then I go on. What I've done is I've educated I've given value Planted the little this little seed of what they ultimately want to do, but I gave them no more right so they don't know they don't know how to do it at all in the end.

I can then Circle back and and say right if you want to if you want to avoid all six of these major errors and you want to understand how to get attention with a big marketing idea. You want to understand how to capture attention with a lead instead of a pattern. If you want to understand how to do that then let me tell you what I've put together for you boom, and now I could go into an offer. And so these are and look the thing to really understand here is that some of these things we use and sprinkle throughout our marketing campaigns throughout our marketing messages right throughout our marketing argument, but these are things that you can use any time you want to communicate with the tribe our tribe with another tribe, you know to continue to build value and continue to move people closer and closer and closer. Even somebody let's say that hasn't gone through a an E5 campaign meaning they haven't gone through our ESL or our webinar hour long form page or any of our you know campaigns that offer the E5 master class, right?

This is a great like any one of these can be a great piece of content to put out in front of people to really kind of pre-frame them before they are even exposed to the campaign right so that when they do go into the campaign there that much further along in there and their awareness in their understanding in their knowledge. This can all these can also be content chunks or conversion chunks that we use after right like after as part of the follow-up. So for somebody that has let's say one product. They're just getting started and they've got one product in their catalog and they haven't yet built out there there back end yet. Well for me, I'd be looking for as many different ways as possible to extend the campaign so that I can continue to talk about them right?

I'm not gonna like if I only have one product and I have no back end yet because I'm brand new. I don't want to run a five day. Follow-up campaign for those people because I've got five days to really convert them and then what and so I'm gonna run that campaign as long as I possibly can. Because I have nothing else to offer them. And so what I'm going to do is I'm gonna look for different angles different conversion chunks that I can follow up with.

I can follow up with right. I can follow up with a story of failure to success. I could have three of those in the follow-up sequence one in at the beginning one in the middle one towards the end. I can have the mechanism Discovery story in there as one I can have right another one of what to do not how to do it. Right?

I could have an email that goes out sends them to a video of here's here. Excuse me. Here's you know, I want to I want to give a recap by now. You understand a little bit about the E5 method and so I want to recap what to do right and boom boom and then in the end, I've got the ability to say right and if you want help doing this if you want the A to Z the hand holding if you want to dial so you're guaranteed to have a rock solid E5 campaign when you're done here. Go ahead.

Boom blah blah, right. I could I could dive deep into one of the pieces right? I can dive deep into the unique mechanism and really I've home right and in fact, we we did that in one of our most recent campaigns where I took a 45 minute presentation that I gave at like one of these combo webinar con or something like that and I just put that out there which Dove deep on the on the unique mechanism, right? And so you could go through, you know, all the I could go what the why the common approach is. Not that I could highlight mistakes right related to these are the mistake, you know, you're obviously interested in having a sales producing campaign that you can use to acquire buyers every day from all sources of traffic.

Let me tell you the six monster mistakes that you want to avoid. Boom. Boom. Boom. If you want to make sure that you don't fall prey to any of those what you want to do is use an E5 can't boom and then I can go back into it.

So these just give us and the others that I'll show next week the ability to pre-frame before somebody goes into a campaign. These are great content chunks to use as part of a broadcast regular ongoing communication to continue to deliver value. Kate and further the sale and these are great pieces to put at the end of The Campaign to extend the timeline of the campaign so that we have more opportunities to to convert, you know, I'll leave you with with this, you know our buddy I got I really want to give credit where credit is due with this and so our buddy Caleb O'Dowd and so Caleb we had Caleb out at a top one event. Not that long ago really great marketer, uh, good dude, very very sharp. You know, he talks about he talked about this idea.

I don't remember exactly how we put it but he put it more eloquently than I did. He talked about this idea of look, you know, you've got to recognize that there are virtually an unlimited number of angles that you can take to get somebody's attention to lead them into the the same offer in other words, right? If you look at the Agora, I've said that Agora has promoted the same. Newsletter, uh, you know, some of the gore divisions have promoted the same newsletter for decades at this point, but what they do is they look for different themes different ideas different hooks different premiums to get attention. And so what we're doing is something similar to that except here.

We're looking for a different angle that we can use to educate deliver value and further the sale lead somebody the offer. So if you really think about it, you could take any one of these and at the end you could put the same offer right? You could put the say I could take story of failure to success how somebody went from failure discovered E5 went on to success and right. And so if you if you want to follow in there footsteps, let me tell you about the E5 master class and everything you get boom same offer. I could talk about the mechanism.

You know, I could give a mechanism Discovery story, right? And that's what you know, E5 is if you want to use this in your business, let me tell you all about the E5 Master Class what you get what it'll do for you. Boom same offer, right what not to do right? Excuse me what to do and not how to do it, right? You want to you want to big idea you want a unique back in this you want to camp in argument you want the right lead you on cpb chunks.

You want to Segway you want this because what this does is X and why and z and so you'll experience Elemental P. If that sounds good to you then let me tell you. About the E5 masterclass what you get what it'll do for you boom. And so we can use these and so all of these are different hooks different angles. Some people won't resonate with the story of failure to success.

They've heard it. They seen it maybe not interested but maybe right and maybe some people won't resonate with they're not interested in the mechanism Discovery story, right but maybe understanding why the common approach isn't the best will resonate with them maybe understanding the the big mistakes that people are making right to make sure that I'm not making them will resonate with them and all of these can be used to drive somebody to the same exact offer make sense. Absolutely. Okay good. That is all she wrote for today next week.

We'll go part two and we'll go through the rest of them. And so that is all she wrote for today buddy. If you need anything slack me if not have an amazing day pal. Thanks, Todd. You got it.
