---
title: "cc_2022-08-16"
date: 2022-08-16
duration: 55m
duration_seconds: 3343
vimeo_id: 740085409
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-08-16

**Date:** 2022-08-16 | **Duration:** 55m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

All right, so we are back this week. What we're gonna do is we're gonna pick up where we left off last week. So I'm gonna share my screen and Bring up this little slide deck. And so what we what we've been talking about or what we were talking about. Last week was a was how do you extend a funnel a marketing campaign without merely just hammering people over the head with the same the same thing.

How do you write how do you continue to communicate with prospects lengthen the the campaign so you can continue to move them closer and closer to buying so you can continue to keep the offer out in front of them without simply repeating yourself without just simply relying on high pressure without simply just saying kind of the same thing over and over and so what we've been talking about or what we were talking about last week. We're the first nine kind of content chunks that you can use as a little recap and then we're gonna we're gonna do an ultra quick recap of the first nine, I believe and then we're gonna go The to the last nine, so these content chunks so number one. These are all about doing two things. These are all about delivering value and yet at the same time moving people closer and closer to buying and so when I say moving people closer and closer to buying we're talking about potentially addressing certain questions addressing certain gaps refocusing them on on certain key points key beliefs that we want them to have. And so our aim is not simply to deliver content just to build Goodwill.

What we ultimately want to do is we want to deliver content that certainly delivers Goodwill by delivering value by giving them something of value. Not just a sales message and yet at the same time, it it furthers the Sailor moves them closer to buying and so those are the two things that we ultimately want to do. We want to deliver something of value at the same time. We want to move them closer to buying and so again, the point that I just want to reiterate is that we're not nearly educating for education's sake we're looking for ways to educate to give prospects the feeling of Discovery and aha Excuse me. We're teaching them something.

We're showing them something. We're giving them a different perspective. We're working on certain beliefs or changing certain beliefs. I and so that's the aim of what it is that we're talking about here. These conversion chunks conversion content.

It can be used to both extend a campaign. It can also be used as just kind of a preceding seeding a kind of a communication with prospects. So this is these are the kind of chunks that you can use for broadcast emails. These are these are the kind of chunks that you can use before you ultimately bring people to an offer not everyone and I'll point out when it's not appropriate. I but so there are a variety of different ways that you can use these these conversion chunks the last kind of reminder recap that I just want to give before we do a quick overview of the first nine is that there?

There's this belief that the only thing of value when it comes to content is Nitty Gritty in the trenches how to like in other words. There's this mindset that some people hold on to that unless you tell prospects exactly what it is that they need to do and how to do it that you're not delivering value meaning there's this, you know, there's this weird mindset that value is only deliver to the prospect when you tell them what to do and how to do it. That's absolutely not the case because there are a lot of different ways that you can deliver value you could make an argument as some people do that merely entertaining the prospect is delivering value. I'm not of that belief in this context, but we can deliver value by really telling them what not to do. We can deliver value by telling them what to do without telling them how to do it.

We could deliver value by telling them what to do and why to do it which is we're gonna we're gonna talk about just a moment without telling them how to do that. You can tell them the mistakes the common mistakes that people make without telling them then what to do and and how to do it to deliver value. You could tell them why people in their situation tend to struggle what people what folks just like them allow to hold themselves back from achieving the outcome the result the success that they want. Out of getting into what to do and and how to do it and still be valuable. So you've got to recognize that value comes in a lot of different forms many more than just what to do and and how to do it.

So as a as a recap and also also just like like especially like in that sales letter saying yesterday on crypto the explaining the bigger picture right like kind of letting people understand what they're not seeing Yeah. Yeah, no really. Well said man and I think the key really is in this context the key really is like something like the bigger picture of of crypto right? Assuming that let's say you're selling something or your marketing and offering something related to crypto related to leveraging that opportunity. Um is is valuable not just to the prospect but it's valuable to you as long as by giving them that bigger picture you're helping them to grasp the magnitude of the opportunity that you're trying to help them to take advantage of so, what we don't want to do is let's say um, you know just educate on the bigger picture of something if it doesn't help move them one step closer to wanting our things so it's always and I know that that sounds like common sense, but you know, Oftentimes we've got to fight especially, you know, our clients our students have to resist just wanting to educate to show how knowledgeable you are or educate just to try to build Good Will with them like teach them something of value to them.

Even if it's not of value in terms of moving them closer to the sale. No, we want to find the things that we can we can teach them show them the insights we can give them that they will see as valuable that are helpful that do give them aha feeling of Discovery all that and also help to move them one step closer to seeing our thing as as that much more valuable. And so none of these are they're not in any particular order of priority or importance or value, but just to run through this so a story of failure to success, you know, sometimes right like sometimes just the encouragement especially when the the failure especially when the individual that we're talking about About in the story is in a worse situation than the prospect like is starting with a lot more handicaps a lot more issues a lot more obstacles than the prospect is and demonstrating what is possible for the the Prospect and what they can have and what they can overcome. And so right a story of failure to success can be wildly valuable for folks and when that story of failure to success includes a piece or part or maybe even all of our framework that we're ultimately offering that much better mechanism Discovery story. So this is how we discovered the mechanism and ultimately what I talked about last week.

Was that the key to this is Is that this discovery story is linked to ultimately something that was missing before something that that was I was struggling with before or you as the owner of the mechanism, you know, we're struggling with before and it kind of forced you to go out and seek these other, you know other ways other methods or look for Alternatives because of those issues and then it led to you know, great things. The other thing is that sometimes the mechanism Discovery story can highlight what makes the mechanism so unique and so much more valuable than every other mechanism out there and I talked about last week how I I gave, you know, Joel irway. At when we were in Orlando a few weeks ago and he did this interview with me. He asked me like, how did I discover E5 and so I got the opportunity to talk about how I've had one foot in the typical traditional online marketing space and I got to see what best practices and what's working. You know, what's been working there and what hasn't been working there and what we do well and what we don't do well here but I've also had my foot in this other world of the big direct response publishing companies, right like, you know, the the Agora the street right like Motley Fool that that sort of thing and being able to see what those guys were doing and doing well and what was impacting or helping their success that this side wasn't doing the traditional online marketers and so I got to see the best of both and ultimately I saw that when I brought their stuff to this side right like to the online marketing side and the online marketing stuff to to the traditional publishers.

Each thought that I was this genius, right? And so I realized that there were there was massive value that that I could bring together into one seamless system The Best of Both Sides into one and that led to ultimately the the creation if you will the bringing together of what is today referred to as the E5 method so that Discovery story highlights what's different about it? Right? Like what's unique about it and it increases the the value of of that mechanism and so there's right like when you've got those elements in the discovery story The mechanisms Discovery story there is value to that and then what's up Michael and then we we talked about the the third one which is probably the most common one. This is been taught since I remember learning this, you know, 20 plus years ago this idea of telling people what to do but not how to do it and most of and many Of the education-based marketing campaigns that I create today the most of the education-based marketing messages that I create today are really built around what to do and not how to do it so I can talk about and like look.

Even looking back going back. I don't even know how long ago it is now six years ago or something like that seven six seven years ago, whatever it was. When I did the big idea boot camp and if you look at that sales letter, right which was to this day. I believe that that is a great sales letter. It's still a great sales letter if you really look at that.

What what was it doing? It was merely getting buy-in on the necessity of having a big idea. So it was selling them on what to do. It was telling them that ultimately right. If you want to have the big Winners like these, you know, like the big winners then you need to have a big idea and here are examples of what it's done for people and here's why it works and here's what's been said about it.

And here's who agrees with me. And so ultimately I was telling them what to do and and a key point to this a Nuance to this is that I was selling them on why they should do it. Right? So in other words, I wasn't I didn't just say you need a like what you want to do is have a big idea and that's it. Right?

It's not merely just this is what you need to do. It's getting Buy So that they believe that they need to do that, right? But nowhere in there in that sales letter or when I talk about in a public place when I talk about the big idea when I'm ultimately going to make an offer in the end do I ever tell them how to do it? So I never get into the weeds of how do you do it? How do you find Big Ideas and I never get into the Weeds on the the criteria for the big idea.

Right? But I'm telling them what to do and that's enormously valuable because you're opening their eyes to what they need to do to be successful, right the the how to do it. The nitty-gritty details come in our products in our programs. And so that's probably number three the bullet three is the is the most Is arguably the most popular way of delivering content that is valuable and helps further the sale. When what you're telling them to do is ultimately what you're offering In the End plus the how to does that make sense, Teddy.

Yes, that's okay. And then you know show a piece of what to do in context of a bigger system very similar to that to the third one this idea of like I could talk about the big idea and even if I wanted to write if I was presenting the big idea or or you know, I was presenting the big idea in context of an E5 campaign and I said that there are five different components to an E5 campaign right now for the time that I have. I want to I want to focus on two of the most important of the five first one being the big idea well here right if I hear if I'm presenting a piece of a bigger framework I can get into more detail if I wanted to I can get into more of the how to why because I'm still not putting what I call a bow on it in other words, ultimately. I don't want to hand them something that they can go and they feel they've got everything that they need to Oh and implement this and get the full the full benefits. Right?

I'm not saying I don't want to give them any benefits. I'm not saying I don't want to give them results in advance or I'm not saying that I'm saying that I don't want to put a bow on it and hand it to him and say off you go because that's what we do with our our paid programs. And so you can share a piece of a bigger formula a bigger framework and that helps to deliver value your training you're teaching but you're not putting a bow on them telling them what to do but not the best way to do it we talked about this Michael and I talked about this last week, right? This is kind of like the example. I believe I gave Michael last week was that if you're doing if you're teaching let's say SEO, right?

Ultimately. Let's say you're selling a software that will do SEO search engine optimization for people. Well, you can talk to people about the value of let's say backlinks assuming that that's part of what your software does and how back Are critical to search engine rankings and blah blah and what you want to look for and then you could teach them you can explain to them how to actually do the research and do it manually with spreadsheets and whatnot. You're telling them ultimately what to do and you're even showing them how to do it. But what you're showing them how to do is not the best way to do it in the end.

Ultimately what I would want to get by in on in this little example is the value of backlinking and look I'm gonna tell you how to actually do it. So right I'm gonna tell you how to do it and then in the end I say like right like now if you want a shortcut if you want to reap all the rewards and everything that I just told you and not have to do it with manual labor. Let me show you the best way to do this, right? I want to introduce you to the teddy Garcia software blah blah blah, right? Let me tell you what it's gonna do for you.

Let me tell you how it works and let me tell you how you can start using it. And so that's that how to do things that they need to do how to do things. They need to know more to do best. So this is kind of like and not all of these are appropriate for every Market but I gave Michael the example last week of this of when years ago, I worked with chiropractors and I was telling them how to set up their their website and their direct response, um systems and I said something like, you know, go ahead and register a domain name writing get it up on a server here are the the, you know, the servers that I recommend nine bucks a month or whatnot and then you want to install a free piece of content management software called WordPress, right? Well WordPress is gonna allow us to do is everything else that I'm about to show you and then like I went on but what I never did with that audience intentionally will show them how to register a domain name how to get it set up with their server and how to install WordPress, right?

Because I knew that they wouldn't know how to do that and What I was doing was I was leaving these gaps, right? Like in other words these gaps so that in the end when I gave them all of this great information and I and I tied it all back to benefits. Here's what this is gonna do for you. This is what's gonna it's gonna automate blah I said right now if you're unsure how to do one or more or many of these things that I shared with you that I want to introduce you to XYZ which is going to give you a blueprint to have this up and running in the next 48 hours blah blah. And so it was a beautiful thing and it's sold very well to those doctors and then the next is a the next one is why the common approach is not the best right?

This is kind of you know, this is the last three on this slide are very similar in tone in that we're kind of in essence telling them what not to do. So if we do believe that the common approach is not Best way to do it. Well, then it's in our best interest and their best interest for us to explain why for us to teach them for us to open their eyes, right? Like if we're trying to save them from struggle and we feel like the common approach might cost and struggle might cause some disappointment my cause some obstacles my create some obstacles for them. Maybe it's more difficult.

Maybe it's more time consuming. Maybe it's more costly right? Well, I want to explain that to them. So in other words in essence the way that I view why the common approach is not the best this conversion chunk. I view this as a mini argument against the common approach right and then I could pivot at the end of that too.

So what is the best approach the best approach is blah blah now it gives me the ability and and here's why right and now it gives me the ability to go into that without ever telling them how to do it. And so why the common approach is not the best highlighting mistakes like I already like I talked about earlier that's it can be extraordinarily valuable. Here are the seven mistakes that the average entrepreneur online entrepreneur / marketer makes when they attempt to set up their first campaign and what it does what these mistakes do in combination, whether it's one two or all of them is this negative thing this negative thing this negative thing and this negative thing number one mistake. Is this boom now obviously right with this type of conversion chunk what I'm going to be pointing out the mistakes. That our solution um, it fixes if you will or right or or bypasses.

So like I'm not gonna point out a mistake. They're I might point out seven mistakes. Now, the reality is is that people might be making you know 11 mistakes, but I'm only I'm only gonna point out the ones that my solution is resolving for a conversion chunk. And that's an important distinction right? I'm not there to educate on every mistake just to give them every mistake right?

I'm there to make sure that I'm highlighting the mistakes that are directly linked to the positive side of what it is that we're offering and what not to do and why is very similar to highlighting the mistakes. Here's what you don't want to do when you're setting up Facebook ads. There are five things that you never want to do right like and and the thing to understand here is that That this you never you don't have to tell them what to do in this context. Like in other words, you don't have to give them the opposite side of that equation right like so you don't have to detail right like what to do. You can introduce Your solution and you can say like right this prevents you from doing X this prevents you from doing why this this ensures you don't do at right like another words.

You don't have to give the other side of the equation so you can tell them the six things that they do not want to do when setting up Facebook ads and why what it causes what damage it does how it costs them more money, right? And then when we introduce our solution or tie it to our solution, we can just reference the fact that right this prevents all of those blunders those mistakes those obstacles and so make sense pretty pretty straightforward, right? Yeah, absolutely. Okay. Okay.

Next is let's go to the next slide now and you'll see that there's kind of again. This next one is also similar to this but a little bit different. But this is a little bit more nuanced and it is equipped or prospects to spot bogus or incorrect advice or information. Now this isn't just you know, this isn't like General like let me teach you logical fallacies and let me teach you how to spot bad information out in the world. This is specific to the the industry the niche the vertical that we're in and ultimately right like like it's acknowledging the fact that there are a lot of people out there that are teaching, um how to acts there are a lot of people that are teaching wild Theory there are people that are teaching, you know, there are a lot of people that sound Wicked smart sound super smart right come across as extremely knowledgeable and maybe are but they're communicating in theory, right and it sounds good on paper and it's impressive on paper or on Social media, right but it's really backed by air.

It's backed by nothing and so right like the ability to help people to be able to spot when they're being misguided to be able to look for right you're almost in essence teaching prospects how to poke a hole in somebody else's argument. Somebody else's stance on something that is incorrect. So we're helping the prospect to identify. I don't want to say I want to be careful here in that. I'm not we're not necessarily, you know, I'm not necessarily helping it's it's about the information not about the purveyor of the information.

So right like it is take the individuals that are teaching Theory right? I'm not gonna talk about like I'm gonna I'm gonna talk about why you want to be able to separate Theory from fact Theory from proven methods, right? And so there are some people that will share Theory and they're doing it not to be malicious or deceiving or to scam people. They are excited about it. But yet it's Theory and ultimately what you want to look for is you want to look for evidence proof support that what is that what you're learning?

King is you know is proven is fact and is not just a a theory, right? So I'm not taught meaning I just went through that little Spiel that little demo because I'm not talking about the person who's providing the information. This is not about like let's point out the S bags that are trying to scam you and that's not what I'm talking about here. I'm talking about the information not the person if that makes sense. And so make cool good thumbs up.

Yeah. Got it. Yeah, okay. Next is contrasting the mechanism versus the other mechanisms the other Frameworks, right and this is also not about like we're not saying, you know, E5 versus you know, John's, you know, L3 method. That's not what I'm talking about here.

What I'm talking about is we're contrasting our mechanism and we're we're mentioning it. We're talking about it by name against the other approaches and so I'm not gonna mention the names of the other approaches. I might say something like, um, you know where this method differs from the common approaches the common Frameworks the typical the ones that you know, is that those rely on salesmanship in print meaning they rely on big bold audacious almost believability stret. Being claims the problem with those today that approach is that number one? They are they aren't as accepted widely accepted by the mass markets as they once were years ago and even more critical they're not compliant on the platforms like Facebook and YouTube.

So the issue is that with the common approach you can get banned whereas with in the E5 method blah blah blah, right. We you know, it uses what's called a big idea to get attention and create engagement so that you are not blah blah. That's an example of contrasting against what the you know the typical if I was selling right and you see this all the time you probably just don't even realize it some people are doing it on a bigger level. They're almost They're contrasting their approach against the common approach when it their approach against their common approach when I say approach. I don't mean their mechanism.

I just mean like what you what do you see all the time when you see high ticket verse, um low ticket, right? And what are the high ticket people say like, you don't need like unlike those method where you need thousands of buyers and you get garbage buyers and here what you get is you get great people everything's profitable. You don't need an upsell. You don't need a down sell. You don't need this and right and what are the low ticket people say, right the low ticket people do the same thing.

But what they'll do is they'll pick out the negatives of high tea, you know with hours. You don't need a sales floor. You don't need this the whole thing can be automated right you get thousands of buyers. You have a built-in back and blah blah. What are they doing?

They're ultimately contrasting their approach against the others. And so what we're doing here is we're doing something very similar except we're contrasting our mechanism against the common approach. That make sense. That's an important Nuance. Yeah, I get that.

Okay good. Next is let me take a drink. This is really this is probably this is very different from what the ones that we've just been talking about. This is really demonstrate. Why now is a perfect time to take um to take action.

Now there's a lot of different ways that this can be applied a lot of different instances and there's again Nuance in this. So how this is applied is going to differ depending on what it is that we're talking about certainly like look in the In the crypto space, uh, every time I talk about crypto Teddy. I I fear I'm gonna say something in it too embed that's gonna embarrass myself of how little I know about it. Um, but if right like look you could make the argument that you know now is the perfect time to take action and jump into crypto with the teddy Garcia method because right we are about to see a huge, you know, Spike. Um, and right and everybody, you know, who's anybody um in the investing space agrees with me for example, here is Warren Buffett what he recently said in here is blah blah what he recently said, right?

And so, you know in that instance right we're we're talking about this opportunity. And why now is the perfect time to take advantage of that of that opportunity you can sometimes do this in the like if they're new opportunities a new opportunity can come in a variety of different, you know forms right? There could be a new piece of technology release there could be right like you could make the case that right now like we probably could put together an argument if we wanted to if I believe this that you know right now is the perfect time to get into online marketing because you know longer really even have to write your own copy. Thanks to the developments in AI now ai right like can actually create compelling High conversion, you know copyrighting, you know copy, you know marketing messages for you that sell your product every day. So if you feared right haven't have sales skills haven't have copyrighting chops writing skills communication skills.

Well, that's all now taking care of now is the perfect time for you to get in right before blah blah blah will ever before everybody. You could make that argument if if you believe that. the um, the other thing that I would say the other Nuance that I would say to this is I would I would strive when possible to tie the perfect time to take action with our mechanism so right like if I was selling a crypto program and I know there's this just again so many Nuance because if we were at the very early stages of crypto and we were one of the only people if not the only person at at the early stages talking about the huge upside potential with crypto, then I would say right let's demonstrate why now is the perfect time to take action and get into crypto. Once the market evolves in sophistication and we introduce our unique mechanism. I'm gonna demonstrate why now is not the perfect time to get into crypto.

I'm gonna demonstrate why now is the perfect time to leverage and use our unique mechanism for making money with crypto. And so that's an important distinction, right? So when we when a market has evolved to a stage of sophistication where there are mechanisms being introduced the thing that you do not want to do is merely sell them on why now is the perfect time. Take action on the commodity. Right, so right you don't want to sell like now we don't want to sell them on why now is the perfect.

I wouldn't try to sell them on why now is the perfect time to get into crypto because what you're doing is you're just saying you're just convincing them that yeah, you know what he's right now, let me research. What's the best crypto opportunity or let's see. What's the best like what's what's perfect right now in the in the crypto space and so um, it would be why right now is the perfect time to jump into crypto with Bots and I'm sure now it's even Teddy at the sophistication level where it's certain types of bots right not even just Bots anymore. And so certain type microbot, you know, micro crypto trades using Bots like you're gonna get but it gives us the ability to explain to them. Why now is the perfect time and remember that you're it is value.

There is value being communicated because you're helping them to see why they stand to reap rewards. Now you're helping them. Say right like the reality is I want you to imagine eat right imagine that you're delivering the same message now is the perfect time for you to jump into micro crypto trades using Bots right now. And and here is why and here's why you have an advantage right now over over everybody else and blah blah and why you stand to make a fortune. I want you to think for one second imagine that you weren't selling anything in the end, right?

You weren't you weren't offering them anything in the end that message would be wildly valuable. Right? So just because you're offering that thing in the end doesn't make it any less valuable. It would still be wildly valuable for somebody who's interested in crypto wondering about crypto on the fence still heaven and Han right you're helping them to understand why now is the perfect opportunity and if you've done your job and you push them to act well, then you've done a tremendous. I'm favor so to speak for them.

And so does that make sense? Yeah, so just quick question on that. So do you? So part of that is based on level of a weirdness, right? So so do you need to do both if you're going for a less aware Market?

Hey now is the time to invest in crypto and now is the time to invest in crypto with this un or just skip the the basics of selling them on why crypto is a good investment to us. So yeah, it's a great great question, right? It depends right who you are talking to so, you know, like it totally depends on who you're talking to. So if you're talking to like and this is why like this is a It's an interesting thing because it's a really deep it we can we can go we can go really deep on this if we really allowed ourselves to like really this goes back to what is like number one. Who are you ultimately talking to like we have to get clear right on our audience.

This is why like we always start right with the examination and we did we dig deep into you know, first before, um competitors and product we dig deep into the Prospect and then there are some decisions to make right. So in other words when we talk about let's say the prospect awareness pyramid, like one of the most common questions that I I get asked with the prospect awareness pyramid is well Todd, how do I know which segment my market is in and I always say what you are my audience is in And I always say to them I always say like your Market is made up of people that are at all of those levels right like that it you know that likely all of those levels assuming that you're not at this really really immature very very early stage Market most markets have people that are there are people out the universe that are unaware. There are people that are problem where there are people that are solution where there are people that are product aware and right there are potentially if you're if you've been in business, there are people that are most aware. It's not a matter of identifying where you're Market is it's a matter of choosing who am I gonna speak to right? Who am I gonna Target?

And so because if you're a chiropractor right there I could say, well, you know what I want to talk to all the people out there that aren't even they don't even have back pain. They're not even in the market for a chiropractor. They're not even not even thinking about spinal health or anything like that. Right? And so I'm gonna go after this unaware segment and now based on that now I have to make decisions of what message I'm gonna put together that Gonna be able to get their attention.

Knowing that I'm ultimately talking to people that aren't even at that awareness stage yet a problem where anything like that then there are right people that are problem aware. They they're aware. They've got back pain. What is what would be a compelling message to those people is different than what would be a compelling message to the people in the unaware stage, right? Because at the problem stage we could talk about back pain, right?

Like just hurt your back got back pain. Not sure what to do right want to get at it want to get out of pain right? Simple six minute message tells you your options and which one is the best to get out of pain quickly naturally with no long-term side effects, but that wouldn't be appropriate if we were gonna target the people that are unaware and the same thing up the entire the entire pyramid. So you really do have to you know, you have to be aware of who you're talking to the other thing and this is why these are used in combination. Why obviously we teach them as one of the very first things in the examination stage you Also have to look at the promise exposure Spectrum.

You need both right because it's kind of like, all right, like who am I talking to on the on the prospect awareness pyramid? Am I going to talk the problem where people are let's assume I'm gonna talk to problem where people they're not sure they know they got a problem. They're not sure of what solution to go with yet. They haven't made a decision. They just know I got this problem and I want this thing solved right now we go over to the promise exposure spectrum and now we have to look and we have to see well are those people hearing messages that are just like get out of back pain?

Is that is that the stage that they're in those like is that is it level one or are they here and get out of back pain in 24 hours or they hearing get out of back pain with the the an inversion table at home, or are they are they here and get out of back pain in the next 24 hours with the XYZ hydraulic inversion table at home. Like we have to understand what they're hearing and what they're seeing so that we know what will be unique different fresh. Right, so that won't be more noise, but it all starts with what are these people know what they don't know what don't they know? What are they aware of what aren't they aware of yet? Before?

We before we craft any message? Does that make sense Teddy? Yeah. Absolutely. Okay.

Uh next is um similar to the contrasting the mechanisms against the common the mechanism against the common approaches is explaining what the mechanism is not and this is always just the other side of the it's the other side of the coin, right? And so this kind of would give me the ability to or gives us the ability to let's say align the mechanism with a bit of the prospects identity, right? So in other words, I might say right this, you know, I could say a lot a lot of things number one I could say, um, this is not this is not built on or based on the quality of your copy the quality of your marketing skills or the quality of your your sales chops. This is right. This is not a sales pitch in Disguise.

This is not a slick, you know message looking. To write what what this is is x y z and so I could take I could take that approach. I could also take an approach of this is not a this doesn't leverage a trend or a fad something that's going to be in fashion, you know in fashion today and and not in in 30 days forcing you then to have to learn something new. This is principal based. This is based on blah blah and so I could do that.

And there's a lot of different ways to do. It's pretty pretty self-explanatory. Right explain what the mechanism is not you could take a piece of what the mechanism is not like again I could talk about this is not based on this is not salesmanship in print this is not slick, you know, salesman sales skills on a web page. This is an education based message. So again, you're you're kind of you're taking that contrasting mechanism, but you're you're just flipping it ever so slightly by starting with this.

This is not and you're just talking about it generally not comparing it to any other framework. This is not X Instead This is why does that make sense? That's cool. Yeah next is similar to that. Um similar to the from failure to success is a day in the life of a transformed client.

I might as well pull this up because this is also kind of fairly simple a day in the life of a transformed client is you know is client case study is definitely is very similar to from failure to success the difference between the failure to success story and the client case study is that the client case study is a story of an example of failure to success or struggling to success or starting to success. excuse me from somebody that we we worked with there's a client of ours, whereas the failure to success doesn't necessarily have to be that right. Like it doesn't necessarily have to be a client. You could tell a story of somebody that went from you know from struggling to Wild success online. If part of our campaign argument was convincing people of the opportunity on the internet if that was part of it if we had to convince them like so if we were talking to very low awareness people like, you know, like when I go and talk to like doctors orthodontists, these are people with a completely different level of awareness and frame and some of them question.

Like is it even possible to like can and orthodontist really use the internet to grow their practice but you believe it or not. There are those folks that that have that mindset and so if there was a story even from Dr. Glenn who's our client one of his doctors who went from struggling to Wild success right? It's not our client, but he was struggling before use the internet and now he's got a seven million dollar a year practice, right? That's a story that you can tell and it would help to establish the belief that yes as an orthodontist.

The internet is wildly valuable and it can turn your practice from struggling into a gold mine client case study is is our is our client case studies also obviously allow us to get a little bit deeper in terms of like if you know, if you've you've likely seen some of our case studies are video case studies. Well, you see like we get into the feelings we get into more specifics there a day in the life of a transformed client is more about the it's more it is not about the negative. It is here is what their existence is like here is what their life is like. Ideally, what we're doing is we're painting the picture telling the truth obviously, but we're painting a picture of one of our clients. Here's what their life is like and ideally what their life is like is exactly what the prospect wants their life to be like, right and so, you know, like this is where we would show autonomy like right it what I'm saying is it's not that they you know, like the the day in the life of the transformed client.

Maybe our hour transform client. Maybe they wake up at 9:30 right with no alarm clock right and then they go and they have breakfast with their kids. Right what we're ultimately communicate. We're not saying that every other Prospect needs to want to get up at 9:30 and and it's only gonna be compelling for them. If they have kids we're demonstrating autonomy.

We're demonstrating Freedom. We're demonstrating that they're living life on their own terms. We're demonstrating that they're not rushed. They're not hurried right that they get to enjoy the important things. They're not missing out.

The little moments and so that's ultimately what it is that we are communicating. So, of course before we put this kind of day in the life of a transformed client together, right? I would want to take a little time. To note, what are the things that are important right to our two hour prospects? Like what are the aspects of their life that are important to them that are ultimately driving them to want to make money to want to be successful right?

It's likely some form of autonomy. It's Freedom. It's respect. It's right being able to take vacations. It's not having to work their tail off 12 hours a day, right?

It's being able to work from home and their PJs right being able to take a nap in the afternoon or go work out or whatever something like that like right and so those are the things that I'm gonna I'm gonna know and then of course right, I'm only gonna I'm only gonna tell the truth, right? So I'm not gonna make something up if it's not a real transform client or The only time that I would make it up is if it was clear that this was an example of what it is that are you know, like our clients can achieve like in other words. I wasn't you know, like I would say let's refer to let's let's call this client Bob right? Like well, here's an example of the typical life right of an entrepreneur that right. So I'm not I'm not trying to claim that the examples that I'm giving or the details that I'm giving are for a real person.

I'm saying that this is an example that makes sense. Yeah, okay good. So let's just bang this out real quick. There are three more faq's common sense. Right like not a whole lot of explanation that needs to be had there FAQs a lot of different ways that you can use faq's depending on where we're using them.

So if we're extending the campaign, you can use FAQs like I've talked about before like, um, you can use an FAQ to like a single email FAQ or FAQ email you can use more than one email. That is an FAQ and answers one frequently Asked question. Like I like to I would say that I would always answer questions and an ideal world that allow me to feature a benefit right? So so like one of the questions that I like to include in the FAQ follow up is like, um, like like why does this work? So well, like why you know, why does it work so or how quickly will I see results with the E5 method?

Right, that's like a presuppositional question. Right? It's not will I see results. It's how quickly will I will I receive see results or I might say something like, you know, will I really begin seeing results in as little as 30 days question mark write that allows me to kind of slip in and plant, you know benefit talk about a benefit. Um without making it as a As a statement the last two are really also very similar and so address and overcome common objections common sense, right?

So this is you know it I I like to I like to really say here a better way to really say objections is concerns doubts, um, and you know concerns and doubts, right? So like do I need experience? Uh, you know, like don't I need experience for this don't I need great copy writing chops, don't I need do I need to be a good salesperson? Right? Like when I need to um jump on the phone with people.

Um, how much money is this gonna cost me? Right? Am I are you know, like whatever common concerns that they have usually what depending where we're using this right earlier in the campaign. I would be addressing concerns and doubts related to the mechanism later in the campaign if I'm using this, might use this to overcome objections related to the offer concerns doubts related to the to the offer so early it's concerns and doubts about the mechanism the framework the approach later on it's concerns and doubts about the the offer and then the reframing a lingering negative is just really It's it is really just a different way of overcoming a common objection. This is really just reframing and objection as a positive.

Right and so I've talked about this before right it's reframing a common objection as a positive. So one of the examples that that I I've given in the past and I'll just rattle this off for time purposes and let you guys go because I know that we're over is I talked about the health club days many moons ago and my prior life when I was in the health club and we were the most expensive Health Club around and we were significantly more expensive than the other than the other health clubs. This is very early on in the in the when health clubs were a lot more money than they are today. And what our sales guys were always taught to do was number one bring up the objection and brag about it. Right?

So it's been said right. When is the best time to cover an objection? Right and people say right away the best time to cover an objection is before it ever comes up. And so what we would what our sales guys were taught to do and it was freaking brilliant. It was so brilliant.

It really was and this is why the company to this day is is still wildly successful is when at some point on the tour when they were torn people around the facility like on one of the cardio decks they would They would say something like um, you know, something like you'll notice like you'll notice that our clubs, you know, the clubs, you know aren't aren't over overcrowded. Right and we don't get a lot of you know Meatheads, you know in here and that's because we're more expensive than the other, you know gyms and we would preferred like Alice was a health club all the others were like gyms. Right and we would say it like gyms hours, you know, we're more expensive than the other gyms around the area so and that is to prevent overcrowding and that's to keep the Meat Heads away this way. You're not interacting with any of these crazy muscle heads and you're able to get in you never have to wait for a piece of a piece of equipment and and get out sound good. Yeah, they would always say yeah now that objection of price never came up again.

It never came up again. Every time that salesperson talked about it. So you see how that's an example of reframing what was a a negative that we knew was going to come up if we didn't deal with it in advance. So we took this negative of we're more expensive and we made it a positive. It's a positive because well you don't like waiting for equipment right like and you don't like being around me heads and muscle heads and that with you know, 150 pound dumbbells on the floor and right.

You don't like that. No, well that you can thank our pricing for that. Right? That was the kind of the mentality of it. And so right thanks to the fact that we're more expensive than the other those gyms around the area, right?

No Meat Heads. We keep a rate away the Riff Raff never overcrowded you get in get out get your workout done and efficient time sound good like yeah, right like or you see that like that makes sense, right? Yeah done. Boom objection handled covered never came up after that. That is an example of Framing a lingering negative and that could be done a variety of ways right like you could take.

You know, you could take let's say an ugly product design. Right? Like my very first information product. I talked about was ugly. There was no color in it.

It was all black and and white the covers were this weird yellow with black letters on it. Right? Well, the reality is is that you could say it's it's ugly. Right like, um, you know, if that was a lingering a big lingering negative which never was but you can talk about right it's ugly and that's because right we didn't want to have the costs of high gloss for color covers and then Force us to raise the price this way, right we were able to keep the price down for you. Now, we turn to negative into a positive.

We reframed the negative as something valuable to the to the to the prospect same thing with you could also do that. There's a lot of different ways to do it with um with pricing right like in other words if we were you could we're we're more expensive and that's Because we want the best of the best on our team to work with you the folks that are going to be holding your hand and working with you and blah blah right training you on fencing or whatever in our Fencing Academy are the best fencers in the world. Obviously the best fencers in the world require a you know, require a hefty chunk of money. Um, and so right the beauty is that you can know that unlike the other facilities that are paying their folks Boga, you know bupcus and they're getting the low you're getting the top of the line instructor blah blah blah. Now, we turn to negative then that's not the greatest argument but we turn the negative into a positive.

So it gives us the ability to reframe any kind of lingering negative. Right and and framing is everything, you know that in Psychology in communication in Persuasion framing is everything I always say my favorite example is the whole the doctor right doctor tells the doctor surgeon. The patient right like patient asks, uh, you know, like like how's this gonna go for me doctor says like there's an 80% chance man, you're gonna walk out of here and you're gonna be Flawless. You're gonna be perfect shoulders gonna feel great, right? There's an 80% There's an 80% chance gonna be perfect Flawless doctor could also say well, this is a 20% chance.

You're gonna die on the table. Same information right one said twenty percent was just what they chose to focus on how they choose to how they chose to frame it 80% chance. You're gonna be great man. Well, there's also 20% chance you're gonna die on the table, right which one is the right frame for a doctor to use with a with a page? It's all Framing and so make sense.

Absolutely. Okay, and so there you go. These are that there's there's these nine there's a and there's these nine this gives us right. This gives a lot of ways to communicate with prospects to deliver value and yet to move them closer and closer to buying without simply hammering them over the head with the offer offer offer or buy now buy now buy now, and so there you go. That is all she wrote for today.

I will see you guys next week. If you need anything. Let me know on slack. If not have an amazing day guys. Thanks.

Okay, Todd. Thanks.
