---
title: "cc_2022-10-11"
date: 2022-10-11
duration: 39m
duration_seconds: 2394
vimeo_id: 759210918
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-10-11

**Date:** 2022-10-11 | **Duration:** 39m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

recording All right. So we got a little bit of a skeleton crew Teddy. It's you and I I think the team half the team seems like they are recovering from top one. And so it is you and I but I'm gonna record this, you know, we'll probably talk a little bit Teddy. On here, but I'm gonna record this for um for everybody I'm gonna share my screen over here and I want to go through I want to I want to cover really just kind of One Core lesson that you've heard me cover before it's something that I talked about in one of the presentations at last week's top one and I think that it's just such a such a fundamental principle for writing copy for crafting a compelling message a clear message and understandable message that it's worth repeating.

This is one of those lessons that's really just worth repeating over and over until it's really drilled into to everybody and so I'm just gonna share my screen here. And so you can see I put together a little text document that we're gonna go through and you can see right at the top that what we're talking about. I'm paying your slack in your video. Okay, hang on one second. So let me do this.

Whoops. So let me share my screen and say do this. How about now? Yeah. Okay.

So, um, sorry about that. So, um, so again, you could see right at the top of this little this little text document that we're gonna talk about a reading out, you know, weeding out abstract abstract verbs abstract words, really and replacing them with concrete terms. You know, you you heard me say at top one not everybody heard me say a top one, but you've heard me say it before that one of the most essential elements of good copy is that the prospect is able to Envision the picture that we're painting in their minds eye that they can actually see it that they can bring it up and we did this little exercise like this little This little uh thing at top one where I gave a word. I don't even remember what the word is now, but I gave a word and I said to everybody in the group I said our top one members I said, hey do me a favor draw a picture of this word. I want you to draw a picture of the word.

And the reality is that I forget exactly what the word was. It's irrelevant. There's tons of these words we're gonna actually talk about some here. The reality is is that there are so many words in the English language that are so abstract that they don't appeal to any one of the senses. You can't see you can't smell it.

You can't hear it. You can't taste it. You can't touch it and therefore it's extremely difficult to paint a picture of it. There are a lot of things that are just purely conceptual where it's a word to kind of describe a concept and idea. The problem is twofold the problem with those abstract words are that number one?

Like we said that they're very difficult to draw a picture of so, they're very difficult to form a dimensionalized image in the mind. The other problem is that even with the ones that are easier to potentially draw a picture of still difficult but easier than some of the more complex really extremely abstract ones. Is that the picture that one person may draw could be wildly different than the picture that somebody else draws so that we don't ultimately control exactly what it is that the prospect is seeing. So when we use these kind of abstract Concepts and and phrases and words that don't appeal to any one of the senses we make it difficult to picture in the Mind's Eye and even for those folks that are able to come up with something. We don't know if what it is that they're picturing is exactly the Tree that we want.

And so ultimately we always want to try to to be as concrete and specific really as we as we possibly can. You heard me say that Clayton used to say right? Nobody takes out, you know, nobody pulls a gun, you know, nobody takes out a gun on somebody they take out, you know a Glock they take out, you know, whatever an AK-47 meaning what he was really ultimately trying to say was specifics giving detail and so in this in this example or in on this little worksheet, I just want to cover a few different examples of abstract verbs. It's kind of funny because originally when I started typing this out show you how I've got to remind myself when I was typing out the title of this thing. I said turning abstractions into concrete verbs.

Well, it's funny because I caught myself because what is an abstraction right? Like what is an abstraction you can't draw you can't see you can't feel it. It's a concept. It's an idea, right? And so if you look at words, like, you know formulate incorporary utilize personalized revolutionize, these are really these are a combination of some of these are abstract and some of these are just weak weak in that they don't give a a full a full picture.

They don't give a complete picture. They don't give an exact or a specific picture that we want somebody to to Envision. So let's look at this. Um, we personalize the page for the visitor, right? And so what does that mean?

When we say we might know conceptually what we what what we mean, but like let's take this for one second Teddy since it's just you and I and I don't have to do this by myself, um here so what is a more specific way to to talk about personalization the idea the concept of personalization on the page. What else could we say instead? That's more specific more concrete. When the person landed on the page, you know their name was in the headline. Yeah, right, like exactly like that alone before you even continue right?

You can just say that we displayed every person's name on the page, right or every visitor's name on the page. That is every every visitor's name on the page. Now. I know like listen to me. I know that this might seem like duh or so insignificant.

But you heard me say a top one. That you can't look at a single sentence when we're talking about copy and we're talking about putting together a promotion a long form sales letter. You can't look at these little examples in isolation out of context of everything else what I mean by that is that it might not seem like such a big deal in a single sentence. It might not seem all that impactful changing from we personalized each, you know, each page for each visitor to we displayed every visitor's name on the page. It might not seem like that big of a deal when we're talking about this one sentence, but you have to understand that what we're talking about is a collection of sentences a collection of statements a collection of paragraphs and when you have just a bunch of abstract or weak verbs string together in sentence after sentence after sentence.

You end up with this thing that is sometimes hard to understand hard to dimensionalize in your mind hard to really grasp exactly what's going on what the person is really ultimately saying right like you might be communicating something without necessarily you're attempting to communicate something and doing it with proper sentence structure and doing it with proper or appropriate words, but you're really lacking in what's being communicated to the to the to the prospect if we take formulate, right? We wanted to formulate a game plan. Right? What's a different game plan? What's a different way that we could say this?

Right? What do we mean by formulate but and and let me say this all so for one for a second. That this doesn't always mean that right you can change up the order of the sentence the flow of the sentence. I don't mean we have to take the word formulate and we have to just find a different word that can fit right in with this exist existing sentence structure, um to go from an abstract to concrete what we're trying to do is we're trying to convey an image. We're trying to show them a picture.

We're trying to show them something that we did right something that we did. And so if I write like if I said to you well, do me a favor and draw the verb, um, you know formulate right? Like I could if I said to you draw the verb jump right because in this context what we're talking about here is we're talking specifically about verbs. We're not talking about nouns. We're talking about verbs in here, right?

You've heard me say before that, um, you know good, you know verb verb driven copy is what we're ultimately after because verb driven copy when we're talking about good verbs is motion is movement is action. Typically when they're good verbs. And so if I asked you to draw the picture, you know jump, right you'd be able to draw some you'd be able to draw somebody jumping but if I asked you to draw the picture of formula, what what goes on the paper now, you might you may think immediately remind might go he was in a lab or something like that mixing mixing stuff, but somebody else might have something wildly different. So what is another way what's a way that we so he wanted we wanted to formulate a game plan or or even um, we decided to formulate a game plan. So what is another way to say this that is more concrete.

What do you think on the Whiteboard? We drew out the steps. We were gonna follow. Yeah, like I mean exactly that's right. That's great.

Now you can picture you picture whiteboard you picture some dry erase markers, right? And if we wanted to we could get you know, we we drew out the three campaigns we're gonna launch over the next six weeks, right? You can get more it more and more right we decided to formulate a game plan is so weak and so vague and the word formulate is not a verb that you can picture in your mind that when we say right like we stood at the Whiteboard, right like we stood at the Whiteboard and we wrote down we wrote out the four campaigns that we're gonna launch. We rode out, you know, the flow chart of the four campaigns that we're gonna launch over the next six weeks much clearer much more specific much more tangible lunch much more dimensionalized and so we could go through and and look at All of these right and and do the same thing, which we're not going to do and there are so many more words like this that it right in the English language that are just you can't draw it and it makes it it's it's a longer word. It's more difficult to comprehend more difficult to picture all that stuff.

Let's take this because this is a word that they is it just coincidence that these all end in e or or would be Ed if it was like past tense. Um, no, I think that that's a good question. No, I don't I think that that it's just coincidental up here right now. I think that's a great question. I'm gonna I'm going to after this I'm going to do a little digging and let you know but I believe that it's just coincidental here.

Um, but it would be Ed right if it was past tense utilized formulated personalized all that past tense. But let's take this one. Right like this is a great example now this to just deviate for one second, right? I'll show you the verb tense and then I'll show you the the mistake if you will that I make like and I still I still for whatever reason this one Creeps in and if I don't edit, it'll sneak its way through but so We decided to engage with prospects. Right that is right engages the is the verb right we decided to engage with prospects.

What in the world does that mean? Right, like what in the world does that mean and so um, right you we could replace this very easily if we wanted to right? With um, if we took out engage with well, what would you what would you put in there? Give me an idea Teddy. They decided to schedule a call schedule a call.

We decided to email we decided to call prospects we decided to um send a send an SNS message to prospects. Those are all so much Superior. So Superior to we decided to engage with prospects. We decided to send an SMS message for prospects again might seem almost insignificant or inconsequential in this context, but it adds up and there are a lot of marketers. And eat copywriters that allow these abstract weak verbs to just sneak in to so much of their copy.

Right and it's almost to some extent, you know, for some people they especially the newer folks. I see this from some of our clients when they come into eat the five acquisition accelerator. They will almost intentionally. Choose these abstract. Verbs, excuse me, these abstract verbs even these abstract nouns.

I'm going to show you the mistake in just a second that I make um, because it it's almost all encompassing right engage can mean anything. They almost feel like well, I want to cover it right for people that that do email for people that do call for people that do send SMS for people that do use chat for people that do use, you know, pop up like I want to cover it all but what you end up doing or what you end up communicating is nothing is nothing because it's so hard to grow we decided to engage with prospects what we don't know what that means. We know that they did something and we we can you know assume that they were doing that to try to drum up business if you will or generate sales, but we can't picture in their in our mind what it is that they did with we decided to engage with prospects, but we decided to send an SMS and SNS message deposit. We decided to email prospects we decided to pick up the phone and call our last 150 prospects yesterday or whatever. Now, you've got something that you can um, you can envision You could take the word engage, right and here is an example of and we're deviating from verbs for one second and going into nouns.

But increase we worked on our marketing to increase engagement. Oh pains me to see this because oof how many times I think back to I've allowed this to sneak in when something isn't edited right? Like I don't edit something and it just goes out super quick. Right? Well this wall, you know, like look, we generally understand what's meant by engagement.

It's again, it's abstract. We worked on our marketing to increase engagement. What does that mean? We could be talking about clicks on ads we could be talking about email email opens. We could be talking about email email clicks we can be talking about Optins.

Yeah, we could be exactly we could be talking about time on page. I mean there's there we could be talking about increased. Um comments in a Facebook group. We could be talking about so many different things see engagement, right this engage. This idea of Engagement is just that it's just this concept.

It's a concept it's a conceptual word to describe a variety of potential activities. The thing that we want to do in copy and this is important, right? So it is a conceptual word. To Encompass a variety of potential activities in copy. We want to have the activities not the consumption the conceptual word and so in copy right when we're not when we're not we're not doing a scholarly work here.

We're not doing a paper for Academia right? We're writing copy. We're talking every day man's, you know language, and so instead of we worked on our marketing to increase engagement. This could be, you know, we worked on our marketing to increase clicks on our ads like it seems like common sense right? But we worked on our we worked on our marketing to increase what else to increase email opens Right, and we could even you know, we probably would spell that out.

Like we worked on our marketing to increase the amount of emails that get opened or something along those lines. All of those things are specific and now we understand right you more likely but God. Yep. Sorry. No, no you got so I guess what's coming up for me is like, you know.

It feels like it's it feels like there's there's a it's related to context in some degree. Meaning the word engage or engagement is being when used as a marketing term is somewhat being I don't know bastardized or used in a different like because if we said John and Julie got engaged. Mmm, that would be fairly clear right or obvious about their engagement. Correct in you're absolutely right in this context right like so engaged in that in that that's what makes the English language a difficult language, right? That's what really in true truth be told.

That's what makes the English language such a difficult language for many people to learn because there are certain words that um can be used a variety of different ways to mean a variety of different things right and so in you know, um, oh better off saying, you know, John got down on one knee and For hand in marriage as opposed to using the word engaged in that. Oh, no, so like in that context, like look, I I think you know to say, you know to say, you know, John, you know and Mary got engaged versus, you know, John got down on one knee, you know next to the you know next to the garden and Fountain and proposed to the love of his life Jane or whatever. I obviously like that right? There's a story there's an element you can picture it. It makes you smile versus a very stale sterile, you know, John and and Jane got engaged or whatever it is.

But in that context the word engaged right in that context and it's a great point that you make has a very specific meaning people know what that means specifically that some somebody proposed. The other person said, yes, and now they're gonna be married at some point, but in terms of um, you know, increasing engagement, um, it's such a nebul like it's such a vague general term that that in this context. It's a conceptual word. To again to include and Encompass a variety of activities and in the copy we want to put forth those activities remember like the thing that I'll say is, you know, and it's a great. It's a great kind of Judge and this is not this is something that we can all myself included continue to work on and improve it just it makes copy more enjoyable to read it makes copy it makes it so that people can picture it Envision.

It it becomes engrossing we talked about right we've talked about this before we talked about this at top one. I think when we were talking about I think when Kevin mentioned something that John Benson wrote and he said like, you know, it was this, you know, like slippery slope. It was like so easy to consume there's a difference between I hate to use the Expression good writing because people think like we're not writing we're not, you know, trying to create the next ladies and greatest novel. We're not trying to be Hemingway over here. But the fact of the matter is is that they're like good writing has an impact good writing that flows writing that's dimensionalized writing that paints a picture writing that is pithy and tight writing that obviously is not verbose writing with short sentences.

Writing with a low FK score like we talked about it makes it more enjoyable to read and consume and to get and to understand and to enjoy as you're going through it. People aren't going to read a tedious. Marketing piece right if it's tedious to read if it's first of all, right, we like just going formatting if it's long sentences if it's long paragraphs if it's a ton of tax not broken up by at least subheads right or images or something like that. Um, if the the table that it's in is really wide and the font is small right off the bat. It's daunting it's intimidating to to engage with right to read to dive into um for people but then when if you've got something that's formatted so that it makes it kind of inviting to read easy on the eye white space relief little small chunks of copy.

Well, right if it is, um, if it's flat if it's you know, if there's no Dimension to it if you don't like get what the person is saying and you're not there's a lot of concept being presented and not pictures it's not Enjoyable to read and people bail. Right and people bail and so ultimately right. I I'm an advocate for let's make the writing better. Not just right. I'm a huge advocate obviously for when in doubt like at the end of the day, you've heard me say before like just say it don't try to write copy.

Right and we're not talking about I'm actually rambling here, right because there's so much ultimately that I would love to to say. Let me take a step back. So you've heard me say before right like don't sit down and try to write copy what I mean when I say that is don't sit down and look for the latest and greatest coolest Buzz words phrases you hurt like the steroid like explosive tsunami growth of your of your restaurant. Like that's what I mean the old school style of adjective filled adverb Laden copy where you're actually trying to write something where the words that you are picking. Or doing the motivating right are doing the inspiring.

There are a lot of people that try to write copy where what they're ultimately trying to do is they're ultimately trying to describe things in such a hyperbolic almost puffed up way that they're description. They're hoping is what's gonna sell Somebody by them talking about this is the greatest things in sliced bed bread the this you will experience explosive growth right wealth will pour in beyond anything in your wild. They're trying to use certain words. Um to do the heavy lifting for the marketing campaign instead of actually delivering a compelling message. There's a difference between what some people view as compelling words and a compelling message.

I believe that there was a time and a place where where there were there there was value in those type of words and phrases. We saw it you and I really lived through it Teddy right the tail end of it many many moons ago where right today. It's a different ball game because of how skeptical and jaded people are right. And so that those words relying on these puffed up kind of really hyperbolic words right though. Those days are long gone people want to see some substance but underneath that so go taking that now and coming to this right?

So you would almost say so a new copyright. I might say well Todd you said at top one. It's not about compelling words. It's about a compelling. Argument right.

It's not about compelling words. It's about putting together a compelling message. So why are we here talking about words? This is not what we're taught what we're not talking about. Here are words that do the lifting for the persuasion and the convincing.

We're talking about here words and sentence structure to make the copy the compelling argument more enjoyable to read smoother dimensionalize right like enticing a really enjoyable to go through. Does that make sense and clear? Yeah clear and clear right? It's like yeah, there's no guessing what is meant when it's spelled out properly like this. That's a great.

That's a great Point Teddy like right like we want we want it Crystal Clear. We don't want to force people to think we don't want to force people to like, we don't and and specifically in this context when I say we don't want to force people to think we don't want to force them to try to figure out what we mean. Right to figure out what we mean. Sometimes I read books and like I'll read I'll read books nonfiction books not marketing related other crazy topics and they're almost they almost borderline. They almost border on scholarly.

If you will like they're written at a higher level. You can tell that if we ran the book through the FK score, it's gonna be 10 11. It's gonna be up there because of the words that they use there are so there are times when and I enjoy it for what it is. Right like another words. I'm not reading it's not a sales piece or a marketing piece.

It's not meant to necessarily be um persuasive the same way that copy is meant to be persuasive but it's a slow process in in many times for me where I have to stop and I have to I take out my phone one of the most widely used apps for me on my phone. Is the the like the definition the whatever it is Webster's. Dictionary excuse me dictionary and I'm constantly looking things up. I also find myself having to constantly reread certain sentences because it's so long, you know, sometimes like they're they're long, you know, long semicolas and all these and and dig words that like, it takes time to process it and I've got to go back now. I'm willing to do that with certain books because I want to learn and I want to gain insight and I'm willing to do the work right people aren't willing to do that work with copy.

And so we want to be clear. This is why we've talked about simple language short sentences right not complex sentence structure and we gotta make sure that we're we're all avoiding when possible these abstract verbs weak verbs and that and we're being concrete and specific so that we're not forcing people to try to figure out what we're saying. So like you said Teddy Crystal, you know, Crystal Clear. Yeah. I think the other part too just real quick is like, you know, there's a there's a there's a proof element.

In being clear meaning right if you see an ad that's just like we're gonna increase your engagement because that is nebulous. The person's not on the hook to do anything right where you say, we're gonna increase clicks on ads and your open rate and like now somebody can point back to that sales letter be like you said you were gonna do this and yeah, those people don't deliver what they promise unfortunately. Yeah. Well well said I also think right if imagine, you know, imagine seeing a you know, a um an ad, you know Facebook ad that said we'll increase your website engagement. Like what are they even talk?

How do I like, you know, they would be so much better off talking about, you know, we'll turn more visitors into leads for you or will, you know will get you know, we'll drive more people to read more of your blog articles, right or like just get more specific than this nebulous idea of Engagement because I don't even Know what it is that they're doing right and people don't like what we think about is the action the these things I want more clicks on my ads. I want more email opens. I wish I could get more email clicks. Right? What we think about are the problems related to those things like dang our email open rate is great our email click through rates terrible or wow.

I'm getting traffic to my opt-in page, but man are opt-in rate is terrible. Like we're not getting enough leads for our visitors what people don't sit around and think about is the conceptual term of I just wish my marketing was getting more engagement. Right. And so I and so yes a little awareness though too. Right?

Like I mean, look, oh small business owner might think that correct like look that's why there's no look. That's why that's why you know, you're absolutely right, you know, and and I've got to be careful in, you know, there's very little There's very I got to be careful in what I say here. There's very little that is that applies in every single marketing term circumstance, right? Like there's very like that's why general in general that bottom of the pyramid would be more susceptible to without like listen, I will say this that, you know, when in doubt, you know, when in doubt be specific, but the the thing to just address with what it is that you were saying was that like look if there was a segment of the market that were let's say, you know conversion rate optimization Specialists and we were selling something to them and and they use the term engagement and it is right. It is a you know, it's it's known it's felt it's it's a thing that they want and we were marketing to them then I probably would be more apt to use that term but for the majority of people that's a term that they don't use and that's a vague General really abstract conceptual word.

And so let's let's cruise. Just because I want to show you a couple of other examples that are even that are even easier than this. So let's look at and now we're really talking about we're still talking about the abstract or vague, um here, uh, but you've heard me say before like when in doubt right when in doubt, um, you know show it don't just don't tell show right like right good good writing, especially good storytelling is when you show the action you don't tell right. So it's not it's not telling them Bob was mad. It's showing them Bob slammed his briefcase down right?

Like it's not you know, Bob was in a rush that's telling right? It's Bob was Bob ran blocks to get here right like that that sort of thing and so let's look at this. These two sentences right here. And um and look at this Tom made his way to the office. So what does that mean?

Like what are you picture in your mind? Right like again? There's no there's nothing specific here. How did he make as many walk? Did you write his bike did he take the train and take the bus.

There you go. Right like, you know walk Tom walk to the office Tom took the subway to the office, right Tom Tom Grant, you know Tom grabbed an Uber to the office it even the little subtle thing little subtle thing makes all the difference compared to Tom made his way to the office. Jane came into the store. Think about this right came. you know came into came into um is the verb is the action but you can't like draw me that.

Draw me that verb right like draw me that verb just like made his way that phrase right made his way draw that verb draw that picture that like, what is it? Right you're gonna you're gonna wind up coming up with some picture that's different from the one that I come up with. You're gonna you're gonna took his bike right like bite to the office. I'm gonna say ubered to the office, right? Somebody else is gonna come up with, you know ran to the office same thing with came into the store.

And so you would if you were dry you would draw her walking in so why not use the word walk could be right could be, you know, Jane walked you and you see me do this before right? Maybe that's not what we're trying to say. Maybe we want to say stumbled into the store right could be, you know, um ran into the store could be right something like, um bolted into the store depending on what it is that we're trying to the picture that we're trying to paint right stumbled Into the Storm. posted into the store two different vastly two different things man two vastly different things and you'll notice that all these right so came into writer came and um, It made his way right. These are just vague.

They mean nothing. You can't see any Camp picture and there's no story being told you're there's no story being illustrator or painted here, right? But Jane walked into the store stumbled into the store, but Jane bolted into the store. This is why I love when I say good verbs right a word like bolted into the store. I love looking at like right like you could say if we did, you know, like look look at this meandered into the store talk about the difference in attitude that even just even if you think about the difference in Attitude the difference about speed the difference about like what you could imply is going on Jane meandered into the store.

She has a lot of time on her hands. Maybe she had nothing going on. Right like just this changing this one word over here can radically change the picture that you are envisioning in your arm in your mind's eye. Same thing Teddy with words like was Is our has had these are typically without getting too deep in the weeds. These are typically referred to as to be like to be verbs like John was on the stage.

What's another let's do this. What was he doing on the stage? maybe um John slept on the stage John. How about this collapsed on the stage? um, John Uh proud on the stage right like um, or of course.

John presented John tripped, right? All those are all those are so was on the stage tells you nothing like other than in your mind. Maybe you just picture him standing there, but if that and and right, um, and if that's ultimately what we wanted to say, right then that is what we would say, right we would say John stood on the stage, right John slept on the stage John collapsed on the stage. All of these are just different verbs that you can see that you can that you can Envision right collapsing sleeping tripping and so here well all are so the two bees the two bees are considered verbs. right, so John is On stage right or John is here.

Here is the noun John right? The subject is is considered to be verb and so right John was there John subject there now and if you will was past tense, right? So yeah. Um, so instead of right instead of you know, John was there right like again, what was he doing John slept there? John uh, John argued there John Fought there.

I don't know. You know like this is where right like that's when you look at John was there right? Um, you know Bill is here, right? It just it just tells you like location doesn't tell you there's no action. It's a very stagnant.

Um, right he and I were on the on the webinar. What do you think he and I? Talked yeah. on the webinar he and I sold. on the webinar he and I closed.

on the webinar he and I presented our product on the webinar He and I um rambled on the webinar different picture right then rather than just he and I were on the webinar and this is where right like talk sold closed presented rambled verbs slept argued fought verbs tripped presented proud collapse slept verbs bolted meandered stumbled walked verbs the difference between these, you know, um, you know, Jane came into the store verse, you know, walk stumbled ran bolted, you know, John was on the stage John stood on the stage slept on the stage collapse on the stage tripped on the stage John was there John slept there John argued there John fought there. He and I were on the webinar. He and I talked on the webinar we sold on the webinar. We argued on the webinar we fall on the webinar, right, you know, we ended our friendship on the webinar like, you know, like there's so many different ways the point is that you like when now when we go all the way back to this daddy these like, Weak abstract where doesn't appeal to any of the senses? There's no action going on hard to understand what what we're you know, what's being communicated Camp pictured in your mind's eye.

No simple, right everybody and that's the that's the thing. Right? Like it's on it's so funny with the word like with the word like run, you know run such a simple like simple verb, right like you could almost use that you can use that word alone in a sentence. I'm not even talking copy right now and there would be people that understand God forbid, you know a fire broke out in the movie theater. God forbid a gunman came in in the in the movie theater, you could scream one word and people will understand exactly what it is that you're saying whether they take action on or not.

That's besides the point but wrong. And right there's no like there's no right run and people know and get it. That's ultimately like what it is that we are are talking about here. And so make sense. Yeah makes sense.

Okay, that is all she wrote for today brother. Appreciate you hanging out with me five minutes. What was that? Hang on let's say about stop stop this.
