---
title: "cc_2022-06-07"
date: 2022-06-07
duration: 40m
duration_seconds: 2441
vimeo_id: 718069842
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-06-07

**Date:** 2022-06-07 | **Duration:** 40m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

Hey guys, so Todd asked me to do something different today, and he wanted me to run through for the copy call. Actually weren't true something. That's Extremely important on top of your copy and everybody knows which is actually and the traffic side of your company. So essentially you've got your campaign ready to go. You've got everything set up correctly.

You're ready to start driving traffic. What does that look like? Because it's it's not just a case of sending people to your funnels and to your offers anymore things have changed and we have a specific framework a specific architecture that we follow and when we're running ads, so I was obviously I was director of marketing for Todd for for a couple of years and well part of what I was doing that I was I'm in charge of running all the media buying and all the traffic and then I transitioned into the agency role. And today I'm going to share what our architecture is for advertising and I'm gonna have a very quick presentation or we're going through and I think you you're going to get a lot from it. I'm excited to share with you.

This is stuff that we have a necessarily shared in the public before and we're excited to share with you guys as your copy call Members. So let me share my screen and we will Dive Right In Okay, so essentially what I want to run through today is the what I call advertising architecture and what that essentially is is I want you to think of that if say if you're you know, if you were going to build a new house or you're going to build a new building whatever the cases you wouldn't just start out and from scratch just one day go out to a field go to a a local area just start laying bricks and just start, you know building bricks up and go from there. And then you have a plan you have it you have an architectural plan in place of what you want to finish team to look like and it's the exact same thing in your advertising because once you've got your your funnel in place what you've got your your offering place and your messaging place and everything else and you've gone through the process of building out any five campaign when it comes to start driving traffic to them. You can't just willy-nilly just throw throw money against the wall and hope some bit sticks. So we have a specific architecture that we go to when we're setting up ads and this is what I want to share with you today.

And before I share the actual architecture just nine steps. the architecture architecture There's something I want to share called the advertising architecture pyramid because a lot of times what happens is and Todd talks about this the whole time when it comes to generating new buyers new customers consistently day in and day out using direct response marketing direct response advertising. There's really two sides of the coin you have the marketing site and you have to Media buying site and oftentimes when we're looking to diagnose a problem we tend to get you know, blinkers and focus on whichever side. We're most comfortable we say, oh my my ads aren't working or my funnel is in converting and the reality is your funnel mayor or may not be converting and and the reality is your ads may or may not be working. But until we actually diagnose a problem is the problem actually on the advertising side or is the problem actually on the marketing side the messaging side the funnel side of things.

We actually start to drill that in we can see where the real problem is and a lot of times what ends up happening what we see a lot with the clients that we're working. We see a lot in terms of the questions. We get related to paid advertising related media buying whether that's on Facebook whether that's on YouTube whether that's on Google or whatever the case may be is people oftentimes are trying to fix a marketing problem. With traffic and you can't fix the marketing problem with traffic. No how no matter how much traffic you throw automatically problem.

You cannot fix it. So there's a pyramid that I want to share with you that we use. As a barometer and as a kind of a a foundation of when we're looking at campaigns and we're looking at how we structure our campaigns and the pyramid is very straightforward. It is offer economics and traffic. So the most important component when it comes to your success with direct response marketing and driving daily new buyers daily new sales daily new applications daily New Leads, whatever it is Success metric is that you're looking for is your offer?

Because if you're off first things it doesn't matter how much traffic you're gonna shoulders. It's not going to work right you notice and the second component after offer is the economics of the product the course or the the offer that is you're setting because if you're economics, I'm not going to play out the way you want them to again. It doesn't matter how good your offer is if the economics are poor and if you're economics are poor you can you you'll end up spending a ton of money on ways to traffic or the That you do send you simply won't be able to monetize it as quickly as possible get your return on adsman as quickly as possible or get the the amount of new buyers you want within your allowable CPA as quickly as possible because the economics are not stacked in your favor. And when we look at economics, we generally look at two areas. We look at our cost per acquisition and there's lots of things that obviously make up that in terms of our cost per clicks a cost per thousand Impressions or click to rate and everything else.

And so that's on the CPA side and then we have our average order value. That's everything on a marketing side in terms of okay. How much on average is someone spending with us on days zero. How much is our front end price point how much is our poem for much as our first upsell second upsell or whatever the case may be. So after we have offered the next step is economics because we can have the best offer.

But if we poor economics is not going to work and then finally once we have work we're confident that we have an insane offer. We're comfortable that the economics are stacked in our favorite that we can make this work for many economical point of view in terms of what we're willing to spend to get a click what we're willing. Spend to get a lead what we're willing to spend to get a customer what we're willing to spend to get an application. Once we know that we're comfortable with those metrics. Then it comes into detract.

This is where then the traffic comes into play because if if the other two are not sacked in our favor or if we have a really good offer, but the price point is just way out of whack that there's no way in hell we've been able to make it work from a traffic point of view. It makes logical sense that we're just not going to be able to get the results. We want to get from or paid advertising efforts. So I want you to really remember that this advertising architecture pyramid of offer economics and then the traffic and everything else that comes with that in terms of setting up your campaigns setting up everything else. And like this is so crucial.

This is so important that so many times we forget that we need to take a step back and look at a top-down picture and the top down picture. I want you to focus on today is offer the economics of our offer and overall overall campaigns and then the then comes into play or traffic side of things. So when it comes to the actual nine steps in our advertising architecture, I'm gonna go through each one of these quickly. I'm just going to go through the full nine and then we're going to talk about each step individually and share some specific strategies and some specific to Tactical elements that we look at when it comes to each of these nine elements. So the nine elements are And open end and like we're sorry not no particular order in an actual particular order because we have them in it in order of the sequence that we focus on and that's the first one is conversions architecture.

The second one is audience architecture. The third one is our campaign architecture. The fort is our ad architecture. The fifth is or recording architecture. The sixth is activation.

The seventh is optimization eight is elimination and the night is scaling. So let's talk about each one of these in sequence. So the first one I want to talk about is conversions architecture, so Assuming that your funnel is already all already and all set up ready to go the first step when it comes to setting up advertising campaigns the right way in architecting advertising advertising campaigns that can scale consistently predictably and bring in new buyers New Leads new sales and applications. Every single day is ensuring that you're conversions are set up correctly because if your Google or your AdWords or your YouTube or Facebook or tiktok, whatever platform using to advertise isn't set up correctly to track those conversions is instead of direct correctly in order. You're telling the platform you're using to advertise.

This is what a conversion looks like if your conversions are not configured correctly again, it it doesn't matter how much money you spend on your on your and your advertising. The platform will not be able to get you the best results possible. Unless your conversions are set up correctly Now setting up conversion on Facebook is a little bit different in setting them up on on YouTube and AdWords but the process is typically looks like something like whether you're using a and the pixel or you're using conversions API. It's essentially setting up so that when someone lands on a certain page, for example, so say for example, you're you're driving you're driving traffic to a webinar funnel and to generate applications for high ticket offer and the first conversion objective. You're going to be optimizing for it's likely going to be for someone registers for the webinar.

So they visit your registration page they hit on the thank you page and when they hit the thank you page whether it's an instant webinar or whether it's a timed webinar or just some time or whatever webinar whatever the case may be. Once they hit your thank you page the right conversion there is going to be go back and tell YouTube say for example or Google Or Facebook is that when someone hits this page this is the lead and then when someone hits the order form page just as an add to cart or initiate checkout or whatever the case may be and when someone hits the confirmation page, this is a purchase. So setting up those conversions in the first place is the well is the first thing you have to do before you do anything else and we see so many people come to us. So we get so many questions in to say, oh why am I ads not working or can you have a look at my ads or can you look at my phone things? I'm not getting leads or the leads.

I'm getting your costly too much or or my cost per application is too high. And the first thing we look at is well are the conversions set up correctly and you'd be surprised that more often than not they're not actually set up correctly or there's They're kind of partially set up and they're not actually optimizing for the right conversions. They should be so conversions architecture is the critical first step to all of this when you're setting up advertising campaigns from the ground up. So the second critical step is our audience architecture and this is okay. Well have you to write audiences dialed in and for this example, I'm going to focus on and say YouTube ads and Google ads for as an example because I think there's a massive opportunity with with YouTube ads and Google ads and I think and ourselves included we've been we've been burned with Facebook in the past and Facebook has gone through so many different changes in the last 12 to 18 months and it has become a more difficult platform that has been in the past.

Whereas with something like YouTube in Google. There is a massive opportunity. It's still it's still pretty much an on Top Market does there's a lot more competition than there was but there's the the advertising Opportunity and the audience opportunities on YouTube are fantastic. So when it comes to audience architecture This comes down to not just who the person is. But also what they're actually searching for at that moment of time.

So say for example, you're selling a tennis product and you're you have your your offers that you have an insane offer the economics of your offer stack. So well say you're selling it for say a 59 dollar tennis product or forty seven dollar tennis product. You would have two cases which if you've looked at the economics of your funnel and looked at the economics of your offer and you know, that that price point makes sense and you know that you're you're aov to CPA ratio is is something you're comfortable with based on your level of acquisition aggression. So obviously talk talks about three levels of acquisition of regression. You have the you have someone who's looking to make a profit on the front end you have someone who's willing to break even on the front end and then the third level if someone who's willing to go a little bit negative on the front end because they know they have the backend monetization strategies in place, but when it comes to audience architecture, let's say we use the tennis example and obviously The the type of audience architecture we use when it comes to Google ads and YouTube ads and is a little bit different in Facebook because Google and YouTube give us a lot more flexibility in the type of audiences.

We can Target into type of fam campaigns we can set up but the audience architecture we typically look at is who that person is and what they're actually searching for now so we know that we can by looking into say Affinity audiences and looking into looking into intent audiences. We can build up audiences of people the type of people there so we can build up audiences of people who are interested in tennis. We can build up audiences who are interested in in sports equipment the things that that's what we've we can get fairly fairly clear on the on the type of who this person is from a tennis example, and then we layer that up with a second portion of targeting from an audience point of view, which is what they're searching for right now. So say for example some in the tennis niche as well again, we have someone who's who's clear? Who's Who's in the intent audience will have affinity for tennis tennis lessons tennis equipment sports equipment and things like that, but they're also in YouTube or in Google right now searching for tennis course or tennis lessons or tennis equipment or tennis tips and things like that.

So they are someone who's interested in tennis searching for different keywords different topics different items related to tennis. So we're laying up who they are what they're searching for and we overlay that and then the vent diagram in the middle the point in the middle is that perfect targeting audience architecture. And once we have that there's certain ones that we typically use we typically use Affinity audiences. We use purchase intent audiences. We use your Rel Affinity audiences.

So audiences based on the different type of URLs the visiting we use competitor audiences in terms of placements. So and people who are watching certain videos on YouTube related to our Niche related to our topic so Say example at tennis tennis channels tennis training channels tennis tutorials any kind of tennis experts and things like that. There are some of the audiences that we would use and that we layer them up with keywords or we layer them up with topics or relay them up Replacements as well depending on the type of audience we're looking at and then once we're comfortable with our audience architecture, then we start to look at our campaign architecture, which is number three. So campaign architecture is the structure of our campaigns. It's how we go about setting up our campaigns and how we go about structuring our campaigns because how you structure your campaign can make or break the success of your campaign.

Once you have all your elements in place because say, for example, if you're just using one campaign, With one ad one ad group one piece of targeting and one piece of one element for each of those and elements would in the campaign you're setting yourself up for failure because you're essentially what you're doing is putting all your eggs into one basket. So typically what we would start off with it was we would start off with at least three campaigns and we were in those campaigns. We were a certain different and components in terms of did different targeting elements. We might have tree ads but our structure is is set up in a way that will allow us to get the best results possible. That doesn't mean that every single campaign we set up will win but what it does mean is that we're giving ourselves the best chance of success because the reality is we with the research we do ahead of time with the with the targeting we do ahead of time or with the with building out our E5 campaign in terms of or messaging or or research the the examination stage and everything else all of that stuff that we do ahead of time gives us a good Arsenal to work with that we can have a fairly.

You know, give us a fairly strong chance of success what we never know which campaign is going to win versus which campaign will not win and that's why we want to give ourselves multiple chances of success and multiple chances to hit that success amongst by having multiple and campaigns going and some typical exact campaigns. We would use we would use a keywords only campaign. We would use an audience only campaign. We would use an audience and keywords campaign who would use audience and placements and audience and topics and this is something that if anybody ever wants me to go into more detailers any questions on you can reach out to me at John at E5 agency.com and I can certainly answer your questions on that in terms of you want to look more detail on the campaign structure because I think it is so critical, but once we have our conversions set up correctly, we we know what audiences we're gonna look at the campaign structure then consists of the we would typically start with anywhere from three to five campaigns with each of those campaigns. We would have any two to three ad groups in each one.

And then we would have the minimum of tree ads in each ad group to start offers. And then what we would do like as we get further along the line, we will start to whittle this down when we get to the optimization stage and then we might start to Branch them out into individual campaigns individual ad groups and individual ads learning ring in a singularity once we've done our controller testing phase but not until then. so then Speaking of ads that's the next step of our process which is our ad architecture how we go about creating an ad an exam. And again, I'm going to use the example of a YouTube ad here as well. The process is different from a Facebook ad point of view because the components of a Facebook ad and a YouTube ad are different but I want to talk about the ad architecture from a YouTube point of view.

I want to an ad on YouTube the chain the name of the game has changed. It used to be just a case of you would have a video ad with a little bit of a text and your video will be made of your hook your intro the body and a call to action and that's still the case. You're your video ads are still medical of the hook the first anywhere from five to 15 to 30 seconds of the ad to hook someone in and then you have your intro then you have the body which is the main kind of crooks of your ad and then your call to action at the end things have slightly changed because in the in the past few months Google have changed how they serve up skippable and stream that so skip it skippable in stream ad it's always That you can skip after five to ten seconds. And so how they used to be set up was exactly how I said this was basically when you sir would you choose a skippable instrument? You would only get charged when someone watches at least 30 seconds of your ad 6 in a in the past few months Google have made a change whereas they've now combined skippable in-stream ads within feed ads and in feed ads are essentially what used to be called Discovery ads.

Sort of component component of your ad architecture is still from the from the video point of view is so met up of the hook the intro the body and the call to action, but the actual overall ad is also made up of the description and that you put into it that video like when you're uploading it to YouTube the thumbnail that you use and then inside of the the actual will you go into create the ad inside of them? The Google ads dashboard. You have a headline a long headline and you have a description and you have your call to action button as well. So there's a lot more components that you need to Account for when you're creating your app, but so many people just you know, take an ad and typically what to do is to just take a video from Facebook and upload it into YouTube and hope for the best but the reality is that you have to do these things the right way in order to get the results you want to get. So when it comes to creating an ad, like I said, most people just take a video that's been working on Facebook and upload it into YouTube and hope for the best but the reality is that the creation of an ad.

On YouTube and on Facebook and I'm tiktok for that matter. They're completely different beasts and they need to be looked at as completely different base underneath to be treated as completely different beasts to get the best results possible. So say for example, and again, we've been talking about YouTube in this throughout this training so far. So let's stick with YouTube. It's going to take a quick drink.

So when it comes to creating an ad. Typically, what we would do is we would typically work off scripting. So we would script out our ads first. We would script out or and our hook and typically what we do we would take any we would take one video and split it into multiple videos by simply changing up the hooks simply changing up the first five to 15 seconds of the video. And some hopes we might use is towards pleasure hook and away from away from Pain hook a combination of boat and we might do a logic based hook we might do a testimonial based hook and we might do a fact-based hook as well.

So based on some factors or some statistics or things like that. And so we would stripped out our ads so we went script out our Five Hooks, we would script out an intro which is basically just in Authority credibility style intro then we would get to the crooks of what the the topic of the ad is. Let's say for the topic at the ad is and the treat the biggest tennis mistakes people are making without even knowing and then I called to action or DM might be to go get our tennis course or something like that quality action will be to drive them to or sales funnel to drive them to or our funnel whether it's a sales funnel lead generation phone or whatever the case may be. So once we're script, so the first step to actually creating the ad is actually scripting that out and then we go into recording mode and how we record this typically is we would use the two biggest things when it comes to recording especially today is a lot of people think it's your camera and obviously camera is super important, but it's not the most important because today we're spoiled for choice. There's so many amazing cameras out there.

Even your your phone itself has the quality on the quality of cameras on phones today. I mean, this is the iPhone And 11 or 12 Pro Max or whatever the case is you you can record in 4k 60 frames a second 30 frames a second if you want and most smartphones that are you you can record in 4k or at the very least you can record in 1080P. So it's like the we're spoiled for Choice when it comes to camera but where people let themselves down is in the lighting and the sound of their the quality that the sound quality of the video as well. So in terms of a couple of quick tips in terms of Lighting and Sound is a simple ring light and for you when you recording can work wonders and if you want to go a little bit step forward you can have a light in front to you. You can have a light and back now.

There are there there are a lot of a lot of super professional people out there with super professional quality videos and they have like key lights. They have lights and eat your side and everything else. You don't need to go that prayer a simple light in front to light up your face. If you're doing a talking head style and a light at the back just to give you a nice little bit of a contrast to work extremely well and the second most important part and is some quality and that's that's where you Are not using the default sound and your and your iMac or on your computer or on your phone. If you're using your phone using some sort of an external microphone.

So here you can see that if I bring this down, this is the mic I'm using here. This is just a road a road mic that I've connected to my Mac. It's just out of the shot there and something like that works really well that if I was using the built in audio or built in mic on my iMac, so Like after video Quality Lighting and Sound is so so crucial when it comes to creating your your video ads the after that so we have our scripting. We have a good setup in terms of we're using a decent camera. We've good lighting and with good sound then in terms of creating the actual out of recording the ad we keep it simple and we want to eliminate the the barriers to getting to add creators and we use our typically we recommend our clients to use some sort of teleprompting software and a telepropriate software I use is an app on my iPhone called teleprompting plus tree and it works extremely.

Well, it's probably I think it's 1999. It's probably the best 1999 I've ever spent in the App Store and what there's lots of other ones out there if you're not on iPhone or if you're not on Mac and it's specific for for iPhone. There are ones out there for Android anything else but we we take the script that we we record our we script it out. We feed it into the teleprompting software and we overlay that when our camera Were essentially ready to rescript looking directly at the camera and it what allows you to do, which allows you to come off that much more professional that allows you to. To not be worrying about the arms and the eyes and everything else.

Like I just did there and it allows you to create a video ad super super quick because like that like that saying goes money love speed and if we're taking six months to record a video at it's obviously going to slow down our progress versus if we can if we can knock out I essentially when I get into recording more for video ads I can knock out 10 12 video ads in about an hour because I am scripted out. I feed him into my telegram to record them. Don't boom and away we go we get that we get and idea to implementation is super quick when we use to tell you promise. We always recommend it. So that's the creation architecture and then the next step is activation architecture.

So once we've we've got our conversions that we've got The Right audience we go, we know what our campaign structure is going to be. We know what our ad architectures want to be. Okay, and then we we start we've we've created our ads and now we want to actually put together our campaign and this is where we're looking at activation architecture and here what we do is we set up the campaigns. And then we activate them based on our budget and typically what we recommend from a budgeting point of view. And again, we'll use a YouTube as an example is five to ten are ideal cost now.

If you're doing an acquisition that may not be if you're doing an acquisition for that may not be ideal. But if you're doing a lead generation funnel, I use the example of say let's say your ideal lead cost is $5 you're willing to pay five dollars per lead. Well, then your idea you're a typical budget. We look at is five to ten times or ideal lead cost. So at least so if we're looking to do a cost per lead of five dollars or an ideal budget starting off would be 10 times that which would be 50 dollars per day of a campaign or if I deal campaign or ideally classes ten dollars or a Max lead classes ten dollars or campaign budget will be ten dollars are a hundred dollars a day and if we free campaigns that means or put just gonna be $300 a day and the reason why we choose that it's the recommend the budget by Google based on their best practices and that's because it allows you to start getting the data as quickly as possible and allows you to start feeding.

The algorithm data is quickly as possible. So the algorithm and start to learn and start to process and start to find the people that are more likely to convert because if you're budget, Too high, you're just widely spend if it's too low. You won't be able to feed the algorithm enough data in order to be able to get you the best results possible. And then once we activate our campaigns what people are typically people do is they go in there and they start making wholesale changes after an hour. They're not getting results to win and turn things on turn things off take you in and they start eliminating teams and they start doing just reality is the first tree to five days of your campaign.

You should essentially do nothing because if you set up the previous five steps the right way, you should just let it get some data because the like I said with conversions audience campaign ad and creation architecture when if you've got those things in set up the right way, once you activate your ads Once you turn on your ads and your campaigns, you should just let them run let it let data start to compile because otherwise if you make need jerk reactions, if you start to turn it like a few expect instant results, or if you expect the best to campaign to be the best right out of the gate it's not going to be the chances are your campaigns results will be the worst at the very beginning. And something that we learned before from was the first month is the Westmont and that that's not always the case, but it's a good barometer to still like to have you start thinking the right way to once you start a campaign the First Street to five days of it. You shouldn't do anything. Now if you go in after a day or two and you're still not getting Impressions this can sometimes happen but and typically after say three to five days if you're not getting any Impressions, we would do one or two teams. We return up we were duplicate to campaign and run it again turn off the previous all we would go in and we would switch over targeting objective just to see if that helps things as well.

But the the bottom line is we're activation architecture is to turn on those campaigns and do nothing under the assumption that the previous five steps have set up. I've been set up the right way and then from there. we want to The Next Step which is optimization architecture and optimization architecture is Is this is where we start to optimize our campaign? This is where we start to look where where our bottlenecks are in our campaign. And when I talk about optimization architecture, I'm not just talking about and the on the media buying site of things I'm talking on about both sides that are going to talk about on the media buying side of things and I'm talking about on the marketing side of things.

But when we're looking to optimize our campaigns, there's there's only a couple of areas where we look to optimize for and I remember if we go back to or The over the pyramid I shared it very beginning. We have offer economics and traffic now, assuming that your offer you're comfortable with your offer and assuming your economics are okay when it comes to optimization on the traffic side of things from a YouTube point of view with there's only a couple of key areas. We look at we look at the audiences. We're using we look at our creatives and we look at any kind of keywords that we're using as well and placements. So those are the the four areas.

So the audiences we're using are creatives the placements we're using so we're ads are being showed and are and any keywords that we're using if we're using keywords those that are for optimization points and when it comes to which ones we look at first, If our creatives we have certain benchmarks for a creatives that we like to aim for and the benchmarks we like to aim for in a creatives or a 20% new rate and ideally it 2% click to rate if our creatives aren't getting close to 20% And if our creatives aren't getting close or 20% view rate and a 2% clicker rate. We would normally optimize or creatives first and foremost because if your click your rates are Or say our picture rates are point three percent and you look at the results in terms of your audiences and your keywords. Chances are your cost per leading your cost per sale? It's gonna be Sky High, but you made rather than turning off certain keywords that are higher than normal. They're certain audiences that hired normal.

You should focus on the creatives first because if you're creatives aren't close to 20% view rate and 2% Click to rate. Well then. It's no wonder that the the rest of the the metrics that you look at optimizing our off as well. Now, they don't have to be exactly 20% or they don't have to be exactly 2% clicker rate. But they're the kind of Baseline metrics we aim for when we look to optimize and then once we're close to those elements or we're happy that we're like say we're at one point eight percent click to rate and we're at a 90% view rate.

I'm happy with that. I'm okay with that. I mean it's close as possible to to our Baseline metrics, but it doesn't have to be exact and then we would look at okay well audiences are performing. Well what keyword combinations are before performing. Well what placements are performing well and typically where we turn things off or we would look at and eliminating things is which I'll be talking about in a second is say two weeks or three X or ideal lead costs or ideal CPA whatever or success metric is and that leads me to The Next Step which is elimination architecture.

So one of the key elements with scaling your campaigns is not just focusing more on what's Working but it's also focusing lesson. What's not working? And I call that removing the bloat. And we do that by eliminating certain things that are not working and eliminating certain things that are that are out of scope of our ideal CPAs and our ideal metrics and we do this like I mentioned either a 2x3x variable depending on how aggressive you're willing to be and what this means is say, for example, we have a certain audiences that are ideally cost is is 15 dollars per lead and we have certain audiences that are bringing in a they haven't brought in that I've spent three times or ideally costs but have not brought in any results we would turn off or pause that certain audience and likewise with keywords. And then as we start to scale further, if even if we start to get a couple of conversions within that level if we're starting to approach that tree ex ideally cost and we've only got one conversion so say for example, we've we've spent $45 brought in one lead and are ideally costs 15 dollars.

We would likely turn off that that audience as well because it's straight X or ideally costs having only brought in one. One conversion and we want to start to focus on other other audiences that are bringing in better results. So that's where elimination architecture that's the first phase of elimination architecture. The second phase of elimination architecture is where we focus on the actual where our ads are being shown. So inside of your Google ads dashboard is when it comes to your YouTube advertising there's a function under under on the left hand sidebar that you can click that says we're ads have been shown and what we can do in here is we can start to eliminate or placements eliminate certain places where ADS are shown where we're not getting the results we want.

And this is a process of pruning and I call it like, you know, the like eliminating the blood or pruning like a bonsai tree. It's slow it stirs. It's a little bit cumbersome, but it's this deep dive pruning. They can really start to see a campaign really blossom in the long run and this process of doing this is something that not a lot of people focus on what it's not just about optimizing the good things. It's also about eliminating that the wastage as well.

And this is why elimination architecture is so key then the 9th that the last step of our advertising architecture actually comes to scaling and then when it comes to scaling there's a lot of different ways we can we can do scaling we can scale in terms of just increasing our budget we can scale in terms of reaching out to new audiences we start to scale. By testing new variables and starts doing aggressive split testing and anytime we do any kind of split testing when it comes to the scaling architecture. We always split test and we always test in a vacuum. So if we have a campaign that's working extremely extremely. Well.

We don't make changes to that campaign. We're any changes we make we would make in a brand new campaign with the same variables except for one extra element that we want to test. So if we want to test the new creative we were tested in a new campaign first and then if we get the results, we would roll it into the existing campaign and just and some other ways we can start to scale then as well as we're starting to add in the whole Omni present side of advertising so we can maybe add in some Google Display Network banner ads based on people who have interact with our formula different stages. We can start to add in a second Channel we can start to add in a second second chance offers. We can start to add in secondary offers into our funnel and everything else.

We're doing a lead generation point of view, but this scaling architecture happens at a very end. Once we've got to previous eight steps all in line. So that kind of covers the the advertising architecture that we want to those nine steps that we weren't true which is conversions architecture audience architecture campaign ad creation activation optimization elimination and scaling those nine steps are the nine stages we go to we're setting up optimizing and scaling campaigns and That's really about it. When it comes to your advertising and the architecture Works across all channels. Now the examples I've shared today was was specific to YouTube ads and Google but the architecture framework Works whether you're on Facebook whether you're on Google display, whether you're on tiktok Pinterest Twitter or whatever the case may be the framework is the same.

It's just the the nuances to how you implement each step of the framework might be a little bit different depending on the channel and it the media element that you're using but bottom line is the one of the key. Well two the main reasons, we see people fail with or paid advertising efforts is not so much down to Oh the traffic itself, but it's down to not understanding the pyramid or the hierarchy of importance when it comes to making your traffic work offer the economics and then the actual pulling the lever traffic elements in terms of setting up the campaign and everything else that comes with that. If you've got a really poor offer, it doesn't matter how good your Economics work are set up to in order to convert the offer is not going to convert because it's a poor offer. So you're not going to be able to get to results you want and you can't blame traffic for a core offer. You can't blame the traffic for poor economics and so offer economics first and then the traffic elements and then when you're focusing on your traffic elements, they what are you follow or advertising architecture or something else?

The important things is to follow a blueprint follow a framework for setting up your campaigns. So then you know when you're when campaigns are going right or when campaigns or go wrong and this is so critical because so many people they tend to just Put up in our campaign one campaign one asset one ad group one out. Let it run. It gets it goes into review process gets approved an hour later. They're not getting any results to turn it off to set up anyone or they they leave it and they never optimize it at all never go in and see whitings are working where weddings aren't working or if they do when start look at things.

They're blindsided by looking on one side only by saying okay would be a traffic isn't working. I'm not getting any sales. I can't it's because of my traffic the traffic stinks. The reality is the reason why maybe not getting any sales is not necessarily down to the traffic and I'll share an example with you and in a second. I won't name who to person is around like that.

But an example is that someone came to us for help. And they were looking for guidance. I'm running to ads they were already running out some cells and they're saying their ads won't work. So we went in and took a look at their their their advertising campaigns. And their metrics look great.

They're view rates and their ads were really good the click to rates were really good or audiences look pretty good to set up of the campaigns look really strong. The the architecture from looked really really strong across the board, but they were so focused on the fact that they taught that their traffic wasn't converted. They never looked in the marketing side of things when we looked at the marketing side of things the metrics under marketing settings and directional funnel just there was there was no way that they could fix the problem which we're better traffic or more traffic because that the problem was on American Insight. They're often rate was really poor. They're the number of options that we're getting to their order form was really poor and the order form completion was really poor and under obso conversion rates was also really poor so across the board they had four or five broken elements under marketing side that they were trying to fix with traffic and if you take nothing else away, but that is that anytime you're trying to diagnose a problem with your marketing campaigns, which are thinking about my copy is not converting or anything else.

Don't just look at Decided to coin look at both sides of client either day. They did the media buying side of things or the marketing side of things. So either the traffic side of things or the conversion side of things the the amount of the people side of things or the funnel side of things. It's always Sometimes it's a combination of the two but more often than not it's it's glaringly obvious that it's one or the other and most people default to blaming to traffic where sometimes that are oftentimes. It's actually the messaging side of things.

So I just wanted to share that with you. If you get no order take away from that from this call let that be it and That's all we have for today. I hope you enjoyed it is a little bit different than a normal copy call and Todd asked me to step in and do something different for you. Just kind of switch things up and give you a little bit a different perspective of when you're heavily focused on optimizing your copy. You can optimize your copy all day long.

But unless the traffic that you're sending to your copy to your funnels to your messages to your offers is actually set up in the right way. You won't be getting it won't be able to get the best results possible. So, I'm John Murray. Hope this was helpful for you. Again.

If you've any questions, you can reach out to me at John at E5 agency.com. Be happy to help you out. Thanks again, and we'll speak to you soon.
