---
title: "cc_2022-11-08"
date: 2022-11-08
duration: 1h 0m
duration_seconds: 3631
vimeo_id: 768681932
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-11-08

**Date:** 2022-11-08 | **Duration:** 1h 0m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

Me and so okay. So this week I want to jump back into um some copy so last week we talked a little bit about the the decade plus so I file promotion and how it was kind of very strange very weird for me kind of a very unique type of campaign. Um, and I explained why right? No no unique mechanism, you know, very kind of straightforward All That Jazz we went we went through that last week. So this week what I want to do is I want to cover some copy from a campaign that I believe we have a promotion going on for right now might be coming to the end of this promotion but a promotion that I've talked about many times before in the past that I've covered many times before in the past, but it's such a perfect demonstration.

I believe of um of the lead doing its job and then kind of ultimately being able to see the argument at play in the campaign. And so what I'm talking about might as well just share my screen real quick. And so what I'm talking about is the borrowed bestseller campaign, so I want to start with and I want to cover this and even if for those that receive a copy of this, um recording even if you've heard me talk about this before, I want you to pay close attention because I believe that the lessons that we're going to cover today. Not only for my team, but for you really can never be covered too often, right? It's it's it should be drilled into your head so that it becomes second nature.

I when creating campaigns and so the very first thing that I want to I want to talk about is I want to talk about what the product actually is. Like what is actually being taught. So we're gonna go outside of the landscape of the marketing message for a second and we're gonna talk about what the product actually teaches the reason why I want to do that is because I want you to see how I went from the product and what it actually does the ordinary explanation. If you will to a more dramatic a more extraordinary explanation of what it does. So let's start with the ordinary explanation so in a nutshell, What this what this teaches is this teaches folks how to go out and use other people's published books as a customer generation vehicle.

So one of the things that most people don't realize is that they you know, a lot of people understand the the marketing value of using a book of having a book. It's a very low barrier of Entry price point. Everybody is familiar with books. There's not a whole lot of risk not a whole lot of commitment when somebody invests in a book, so it's not a difficult sale to me obviously, but what a lot of people immediately think is that they need their own book that their own book is the only effective book offer there is and that's just not the case now write the the other option that you have besides. Your own book is obviously somebody else's Talk now when we say somebody else's book.

You really have the the opportunity or the option. To use virtually any other book but of course the type of book or the the book that we would use or or a book that we would use obviously would have to be related to what your audience cares about. So another words. I want to be clear here, right if we're in the health and fitness space we would go and we would look at Health and Fitness Wellness related books that my market cares about that my market would find valuable that would be appropriate for my market that also doesn't teach things that I don't believe in represent. Um, and so on and so hypothetically if we were teaching copyrighting that we we certainly could have our own copywriting book, but we could all so offer somebody else's copywriting book.

Um, we could take one of the legendary books on on copy something from John Caples or Robert Collier or Joe Sugarman whatever and we could offer that book to the marketplace as a customer generation vehicle. Now, look let me say this there are certainly advantages to having your own. Book over somebody else's book but there are also disadvantages, right the disadvantages the disadvantage. The main disadvantage is you got to write it and it's got to be good. Um, the the advantage of course is if you do write it it allows you to establish credibility and kind of further the sale and all that jazz the stuff that you guys likely know.

And so but the beauty of using somebody else's book is that it's already done and if it's a best-selling book or wildly popular book. Um, right The credibility is already built in most of the copies already written or the copy for you to use is the gist is is written oftentimes. There are endorsements already many times there are reviews and so on and what we ultimately do and what we ultimately teach is how to go and buy these books at wholesale. Oh or you know remainder books that are often, you know Pennies on the dollar compared to what you'd pay to get the same book on Amazon and then we sell it at normal price or right below normal price with some benefit some bonuses. And we use it to get customers.

And so that's the that's the idea. The ordinary ideas go out and buy remainder books. Um, You know for pennies on the dollar and then you and then sell those remainder books to your Marketplace as a way of getting new customers. That's the ordinary idea. But I knew right that I couldn't go with the ordinary idea because I knew that that ordinary idea wouldn't be appealing right?

It wouldn't be it's there's no appeal to hey go out and buy, you know remainder books or wholesale books, you know best sellers at cheap prices and then sell them to your Marketplace. So I decided to refer to it as borrowing borrowing somebody else's um book and the reason why I went with best seller not only can you use bestsellers. You can really use any book right? You can use any any book. It doesn't have to be a bestseller could be a popular book.

It could be a credible book. It could be an unknown book that you think has just tremendous appeal, um, or wood or could have tremendous appeal to the marketplace. So I just called it borrow a bestseller because I like the alliteration and so a bar this idea of borrowing a best-selling book to be able to grow your business. I I felt like that was a more compelling more interesting more curiosity provoking way of talking about the underlying ordinary idea. And so I just want you to really understand first and foremost those two those two things the ordinary idea the ordinary idea.

Whoops. The ordinary idea and the call it the extraordinary idea, right? So I started with the the ordinary basic idea and I asked myself right? If I brought this ordinary basic idea to the marketplace. Would it resonate would they be curious about it?

Would they would it create Intrigue? Would it be something that they're like, oh, I know exactly then what he's talking about. I don't need him. Right and if the answer is yes to any of those things then I'm gonna look for an extraordinary version if you will. And that's what I did.

So that's the whole premise of this of this campaign. Right? It's this idea of borrowing a bestseller. Now, I want to also be clear about something else here right that and people ask this all the time and you know, this Michael because I'm sure that you you hear it. People say, well, nobody knows what that means.

Nobody knows what borrow a bestseller means. That's the point. That's the whole point. That's the whole objective. That's exactly what I'm trying to do.

That's what our intention is is to put that out there. So when people say well if I say something like how to get you know, how to how to grow gorgeous green grass with the flippity jibbit system and people say, well nobody knows what the flibberty jibbit system is, right? That's the whole purpose because if you said what it is that they know right then you immediately drive them to have that mental opt out and so Eat the second key that I just want to emphasize before we dive into this is that you'll notice that um, I didn't just say here and we're gonna dive in and look at the deck copy and then we're gonna look at the overall structure. The main thing that we're going to talk about is today is the overall structure which I think like I said at the very beginning of our training is just a perfect example of what what we aim for in the overwhelming majority of our campaigns. You'll notice here that I didn't just say borrow a best seller in the deck copy and that's it right because in this context In this context borrow a bestseller is really the unique mechanism.

It really is the unique mechanism. What we're promising is get flooded with new customers in just days right? That's really the promise. So it's important to recognize that if all you were saying was you know, introducing the fliberty jibbit system. No one cares not only do they not know right but they don't care see the Curiosity of the Curiosity of I want to know what this is comes when that unknown thing to them is attached to a promise is attached to a payoff is attached to the result that they want.

That's where that curiosity is provoked. So we're not just trying to create curiosity out of context of a promise of result transformation or benefit. It's got to be done at the same time. So, um, so so I want you to use that as the backdrop for for everything that I'm now gonna explain everything that I'm now gonna gonna share. So let's look at the main, um, the main debt copy right here and then we're gonna go back to this little blurb at the top.

So you'll notice a couple things. Right and I've talked about this many times before this is nothing new, right? But, you know, we we want to provide we ultimately want to provide solutions that are viewed as easy and fast and in an Ideal World if it's new easy and fast great right now, we can't simply just claim that it's new easy and fast. We then have to go on and demonstrate that but the point that I want you to that I want you to recognize here is that I got new easy and fast. Related to the core promise right in the main headline up in the debt copy.

So I said a whole new way to grow your business fast. So number one, you can see a whole new way whole new way. Right and then what an implied benefit or not an implied and explicit benefit grow your business fast, then borrow a bestseller and get flooded with new customers and just days right now. Look could I have come up with a better word than or a better phrase than get flooded. I'm sure right.

Um, the answer is yes, but it's served it's purpose and it's performing. Um, it's performing well, so this campaign currently is converting a little bit over 4% um right now and so as of this morning it's over four percent and so whole new way grow your business fast. So right up right up top new way and benefit and then borrow a bestseller mechanism you'll also notice and this is an important point that I want you to understand. When often times what what we do. And this is really valuable.

And so I want you to get this so we talk about the the unique mechanism right? Let me actually take a step back and say that you've heard me say before that every product or service assuming that it works assuming that it produces a result has a mechanism whether the market or the entrepreneur talks about it or not is besides the point but behind every product or service if it works there is a mechanism there is a vehicle by which the result is produced. So we default to the unique mechanism and we look for in a product. A unique of the unique formula the unique framework the unique process, right and oftentimes we name it, right the reality is and I'm gonna show you a second way of doing the unique mechanism as crazy as it sounds a second way to do the unique mechanism, but what if right what if what do you do if there is no, um, there is no special formula or framework like in here. It's really I'm not teaching a special formula or framework.

I'm just teaching how to do this method of borrowing a best seller because nobody else is teaching it, right? So, right what if there is no framework if there is no formula if there is no, you know, E5, you know framework in there. How do you still have a mechanism without how do you still have a mechanism even though you can't have the the true, you know unique Mechanism proper if you will. Well, what you do is you use a metaphor, right you use a metaphor and when I use a metaphor, I put it in quotes So the one of the one of my favorite campaigns of all time that I still talk about often when I'm talking about the big idea is a campaign that was created by Mike Palmer. Mike Palmer is a financial cop writer arguably the best or considered the best financial copywriter in the game.

He's the copywriter behind the end of America promotion, which is the most successful campaign ever to come out of the financial world the most successful vsl ever to be published online. So he had the secret currency the secret currency. Um, and I forget it's you know, like I forget the sub had it was about how you know the secret currency how kings and queens something that something something about like how people get rich in whether the market goes up down and how you can too something like that. And but what Mike was really talking about was investing in gold right the secret currency back in the day if you will what people used when when other other currencies were outlawed were gold. The gold was always used as a border as a vehicle as a store of value and so but right he called it the secret currency and put it in quotes right in all ways.

You see if you look at If you look at especially the promotions that come out of the financial world and you see them talking about something that is a mechanism and is a unique mechanism but it's in quotes you can take it to the bank that underneath that there is no unique framework or system. They're just trying to keep the ordinary mode or the ordinary mechanism blind. Does that make sense Michael? Yeah. Yeah.

Okay. So same thing here right borrow a best borrow a best seller in in quotes. You can borrow a bestseller. That's what I call it. That's what I call this ordinary idea of of buying a you know, buying books at wholesale and then using them, you know selling them and so Uh right whole new way borrow bestseller get flooded possibly the easiest and fastest advertising method to get thousands of new buyers the right the easy fast and now get thousands of new buyers.

Could I have done something better? Um sure here the point that I want you to notice is if you look at the deck copy here the eyebrow or the pre-head and subhead what you'll notice is you'll notice three instances of benefits right grow your business fast get flooded with new customers and just days get thousands of new buyers right packed into the deck copy three times. I gave a benefit. I gave a hears why this matters to you? Here's what this can do for um you and then very quickly because I felt like some people might think um, it doesn't apply to them.

I just wanted to deal with that potential objection. Yes, this will work for you no matter what product or service you sell. And so the other thing that I just want to point out, I don't want to get too In The Weeds on the Pacific copy and phraseology here, but you'll notice that I said possibly the easiest and fastest advertising method to get thousands of new buyers, right? Because I felt like to say the easiest and fastest advertising method to get thousands of new buyers would come across as a bit of puffery is a like is it kind of an over-the-top claim and so by saying possibly like possibly I'm almost kind of um, I'm in line with the prospect in that this could be I'm not sure myself right? I'm not really sure myself it possibly could be the easiest and fastest advertising method to get right and so it's softens.

It it it's not me making an emphatic claim. It's me putting out there that this could be maybe I'm not sure you I don't blame you. If you're not sure. It could be the the easiest and fastest advertising method to get thousands of new buyers. Then at the very top.

I just want to go back here. I only included this up here because Number one Russell is a credible individual in our Marketplace. Somebody who is respected somebody who people trust and he he his quote his quote gives an implied endorsement or an endorsement of this and still furthers the Intrigue. It's not often. I see a funnel that completely blows my mind this funnel did just that the most brilliant thing I've seen in years.

How could I not use that up? Right. How could I not use that upfront Russell saying that this funnel is the most brilliant thing that he's seen in years, right? And so so I use that and so all makes sense so far Michael in terms of the definitely. Okay.

So now let's go into I want to I want to stick to structure, um in the next for the next 15-20 minutes. I want you to look at the structure of this of this bad boy because like I said sure man, what's up, dude? So what's The difference between the same benefit thing is yeah. Yeah, it's a great. It's a great question.

Um, Michael can answer that question very easily because he's heard me say the answer so many times the answer is yes, you're absolutely correct. Right. So what one of the things that I talk about is I talk about often repetition without being repetitious. So repetition in copy is good. Right?

It's good. It's valuable. It's it's a necessity because we want to continue to drive home the the main idea and we want to continue to drive home the main idea. So a good sales letter good piece of marketing doesn't doesn't only just continue to introduce new new ideas. If you will or new new benefits new claims throughout but it constantly ties those claims back to the overarching promise or transformation the key is that we want to use repetition, but we don't want to be repetitious what is repetitious repetitious is when we say the Same thing over and over meaning we say we use the same words the same phrases, right?

So if I said a whole new way to get flooded with new customers in just 30 days borrow a bestseller and get flooded with new customers and just days possibly the easiest and fastest advertising method to get flooded with new customers in just days that would be repetition. But that would also be repetitious right? And so I look for different ways to express the same underlying transformation result. So I might say, um, you know get new customers later on. I might say acquire new buyers then I might say, um, you know generate um, you know, new clients sales right?

Like those are all ultimately driving home the same point, but it doesn't feel like I'm being repetitious because I'm saying it differently in each at each point. And so that's something that I do really during the editing process. We're all go. Back and I'll look for like alright, did I say did I say XYZ over here and then say x y z those same words the same phraseology again three paragraphs later. Okay.

I need to change one of them so that it doesn't feel repetitious but I'm still able to drive home the same point. Does that make sense, Damian? Hopefully it does he's muted. Alright, sorry almost get it off onto the side of the road trying to. Hunt you know, I'm okay.

And when you go back through that that second edit process. Are you looking to just say hey I want to oh, you know make sure I'm not repetition or you actually saying well some people get excited about the idea of more revenue for more customers or well So we're losing you with your your phone, you know, just yeah, we're we're loot. We're losing you with the phone, but I got the I got the question. I got the gist of the question. So and I want to be careful.

I don't want it for time purposes. I don't want to go too deep into editing. I've talked about editing the editing process before but I will say this that the the right the the answer to your particular question is no that I start off at the beginning before I write a single word knowing what they care about. Right? So I'm crystal clear on what is important to them.

They want to get more Revenue. They want to have more profit. They want more buyers. They want more response more of a responsive list. They want, you know to be able to turn a dollar of traffic into into a dollar fifty of sales or whatever.

I know up front all the benefits that I want to that. I want to that. I want to cover um in the in the marketing message as it relates to this specifically the Repetition is really with the core promise. So the the kind of the sub benefits all the ones that I identify before I write a single word. I'm not going to repeat every single one of them.

I'm gonna drive home the core kind of the core the what we call the E5 method the primary promise. I'm gonna drive that home in as many different ways as I possibly can throughout and I'm going to like it. Sometimes I find it, you know, sometimes I'm able to do, you know, I'm able to use repetition without being repetitious in the first draft, but I do go back and just make sure like, all right. I didn't use the same word, you know the same phrase too close together. I'm not saying that I never use the same phrase.

I'm sure somewhere in here. I'm gonna say get flooded with new customers and just days again, but I don't want it to to close together and I don't want too many instances. Of that and that's really cleaned up and Polished during the editing not the first draft. So in the first draft, right ultimately, I'm just trying to get it out of my head and get it down. Right?

So I'm not going back and forth between writing and editing right uses two different sides of the brain. And so I'm just trying to get the gist of the message out like remember and I know like, you know, remember that it's polished to Perfection through the editing. It's not like the first draft. What what's the whole you know, what's the saying my what's the quote like, you know, whether it's coming way, right every first draft this crap right like and that's okay. Don't try to write like it doesn't need you're trying to get the gist the overall message out.

Um, and then go back and and polish it for what it's worth just to throw it out just a quick um, you know, the the big thing with um, With the editing for me. The main thing is I always look to see what I can cut and tighten up that's you know, and there's a lot, you know, I certainly look at the verbs and are we is it verb driven? Are we using the best verbs we can but ultimately really what I'm looking to do mostly through the editing process is I'm looking to tighten it up. I want tight copy. I want pithy copy I want to cut so while many people might feel they go through the editing they're adding more I'm taking out and so I'm looking to remove any extraneous thoughts ideas pads words phrases that just don't add anything to the copy that are unnecessary.

And so I'm going back and I'm looking for what I can cut out to tighten it up as much as as much as I can. And so with that let's get to what what it is that I really want to um to cover here. Now, the the thing that you will notice here, I want to read the lead to you now for what it's worth right the lead in in some campaigns, right we talk about it's the first 350 400 500 Words of the campaign for me. The lead is always what comes before my introduction. So right so you can see here on this letter right here.

You can see here is my my introduction. Hi, my name is Todd brown, right and then right after we introduce we go through a little um, credibility, um stuff, right? And so we establish credibility. Ultimately when I say we establish credibility. All we are trying to do in The credibility portion is give a reason for why people can trust what it is that we have to say about this topic.

All we're trying to do is answer the question. Why should I listen to you? So we're not given a full. A full CV like we're not giving a whole history historical account Journey. That's not what I'm doing.

That's not our approach. Our approach is just to answer the question. Here's why you should listen to me on this topic or here's why you can feel confident in listening to me on this topic if you can do that. Adequately in your Marketplace in a single sentence then by all means go with that single sentence don't think that you need like I need to have a paragraph for three paragraphs or five paragraphs of credibility. You don't because nobody cares about your credibility.

They just want to know why they can trust you and listen to you as it relates to this topic. And so so because you know, we're in a very crowded and saturated Marketplace me I use whatever it is for paragraphs over here. Um, but if I could accomplish it in one single paragraph, I would or one single sentence I would And so that being said so this is what what right here is what I would say for this campaign is the end of the lead. Now, you guys have heard me say time and time again that the purpose of the lead, right and and this is not in all this is not for every single lead type. Right?

So this is not the case when we're talking about a wildly, you know, an indirect lead like a story lead going to completely unaware, um unaware prospects but the overwhelming majority of campaigns that we use the purpose of the lead or the E5 campaigns. The purpose of the lead is to set the emotional hook remember right? The people like we we communicate to the heart then the head the heart first then the head the head follows the heart the head looks for justifications for what the heart wants. So ultimately we are in the lead. We're setting the emotional hook.

What does that mean? That means we're getting them emotionally excited about what it is that um, this this can do for them and ultimately we're teasing them about what it is that we're about to unpack for them in the remainder of the message. Right? So we're getting them excited about this is I'm giving you an a big overview definition if you will or synopsis of what we're trying to do in the lead, right we've gotten into the specifics of how we do this before and different trainings and in E5 A5 master all that stuff. But ultimately by the end of the lead right by the end of the lead I want the prospect to say dang this sounds awesome now prove to me that'll work and prove to me that it'll work for me.

So ultimately I just want the prospect to say dang this sounds this sounds good man. This sounds good, but now like prove it to me like it sounds amazing. It sounds awesome. It sounds perfect. It sounds beautiful.

But now prove to me that this is gonna work and prove to me that this will work for me. And and then it's at that point after we've led the prospect in the lead in the first 350 400 500 Words, whatever it is to that point to that realization. Then we go into the body of our message what we call the campaign argument to show them or prove to them why it works and prove to them why it will work for them. And so this is an important point that I want you guys to get because you're gonna see exactly how it's done in this. In this campaign, but I want to just show you the lead.

I want to read the lead real quick. It's very short in this example, but I want to read the lead to you because I want you to see firsthand how all I am doing is setting the emotional hook. All I am doing is getting them excited about what this can do for them. Right? I'm not I'm not presenting evidence and an illogical argument.

I'm not getting into the Weeds on anything. I'm not getting into a story or narrative, right? What am I doing? I am setting the I'm setting the emotional hook period that is all that I am doing here. So look at this, right?

So the the first sentence says, let me just read through this this may sound crazy but it's working like nothing. I've seen before choose any best-selling book from any author and you can borrow it to fill your business with new customer sales in as little as five days and you keep 100% of the money and you can Is a bar best seller campaign with new books old books Classics even books with just hit the shells. It doesn't matter pick anyone and borrow it and fill your business with a surge of fresh buyers and you can do it for as long as you want to continue to drive more and more sales start small start big. However, you want the borrowed bestseller campaign is the perfect advertising method for you. If you're short on time don't have a product yet.

Don't feel like creating a new product or just want the Hefty credibility boost to borrowing the best seller. This will give you new customer sales like nothing you've seen before and you can do this no matter what Niche you're in what product or service you sell or whether you're a new entrepreneur or grizzled veteran? You don't need an email list. You don't need any joint venture Partners. You don't need any social media following and you don't need any special connections or anyone's permission or approval.

In fact, best-selling authors will love you for it. That's part of all launching a bar and best seller campaign is so easy and fast, you can start seeing new sales and as little as a few days, but you may want to jump on this now before one of your competitors beat you to the punch and borrows the perfect best seller for your type of business. Hi, my name is Todd so you'll notice in here that I didn't explain anything. I didn't peel back the curtain at all. All I did was tease them on what this can do for them.

Right? Like I basically when we say right like you've heard the expression don't bury the lead, right? That's a journalism. It's it's a a quote if you will from the world of Journalism what their talk talking about ultimately is don't bury the goods don't bury the best part of the story. Don't bury the gist of the story down for us.

It's don't wait to pull out the guns come out guns of Blazing in the first 350 400 500 Words. Somebody should be able to know whether they want this or not by the end of the lead, right? They should know whether they want it whether they believe it or not whether they accept the claims or not, right? That's besides the point. That's to come in the marketing message, but they should know whether they want it whether it sounds good to them whether this is something that if it's true, If it does work and it can work for them that they would want it they should be able to know that by the end of the lead and so right I did everything that I could hear to really spell it out to show the to show the benefits to show what it doesn't require which is why it's easy fast and easy if you will because it doesn't require any of those things doesn't matter who you are you can you can do this.

Um, and so my whole job was just to get them excited. So by the time I said, hi, I'm Todd Brown. My aim was to get them to the point where they say dang man. This sounds awesome. Now, let me see like let me give me more details like convince me that this thing is gonna work for me like right it sounds awesome.

But I need more that's all that's all we're trying to do. Sounds awesome, but I need more makes sense. Yeah, good. Absolutely. All right, so I do want to show a couple things real quick before we um, before we move on here.

Um, you'll see that right here working like nothing. I've seen fill your business with new customer sales and as little as five days get flooded with new customers and just in just days, right so slight variation fill your business with new customers sales rather than get flooded with new customers feel your business with new customer sales in as little as five days. Now, I got more specific when up here was just it was just just days and so right repetition nothing right? I'm just saying it different way, but now I'm starting to unpack it right and you keep 100% of the money, right and you could do it with any book. It doesn't matter pick anyone borrow it and fill your business with a surge of fresh fires, right same thing.

Fill your business with new customer sales and as little as five days fill your business, I probably over here in in hindsight seeing this with the word fill right here and fill here. I probably could have said pack your business with a surge of fresh buyers or or some other word go over to word hippo or you know, or Power Thesaurus and find a different verb rather than fill and put it in there this way it doesn't Right. It doesn't feel like I'm saying the same thing over and over but I'm driving home this same point if you look at this, right, so when people talk about you've heard you've heard me say Michael for our clients right that I've never seen a campaign not work because it had too many benefits. I've never seen a campaign not work because it had too many benefits. I've only seen campaigns not work because they didn't have enough benefits.

Now if you look at this right in the first and I don't whatever it is. It's within the first, you know, the first 300 400 words or so, you can see over here grow your business fast get flooded with new customer sales in days get thousands of new of new buyers right fill your business with new customers and as little as on days fill your business with the surge of fresh buyers, right? How many times have I driven it home in the lead right not getting into this nebulous vague, you know random thoughts in here, but I'm driving at home this happens to be a little bit excessive if I'm being honest in in terms of how much repetition I I use little bit more than I normally do but The beauty is that right? It's it's converting it over four four percent acquiring new buyers for us. And so it's hard to argue with results.

Uh, and what am I doing? I'm really I'm spelling it out for them. Right? So like I'm laying it out. Like I'm taking the best of the best.

There's there's not much more that I could say to excite somebody right? Like there's not a whole lot more that I can say that about what this can do for you. Uh, that would make this um, sweeter without going down a different path. Like if you lack credibility, this will give you even credibility and right and so my point is that that you can see that I'm coming out guns of Blazing. I'm not saving the best of the best for you know for somewhere down there.

I'm coming out guns of Blazing. So by the time I get to the introduction, they either know if they want it or not, right? And so again wanting it like if this is true, I want it now prove to me that it is true and it's it does work and it will work for me. Hmm. That's all we're we're trying to do here.

And so that's why I said, you know, it's perfect. If you're short on time don't have a product yet. Don't feel like creating new product or just one. I knew that this explanation. If you're short on time don't have a product yet.

Don't feel like creating new product or just want to Hefty credibility boost the borrowing a bestseller. I know that this encompasses 90% of our market, right? So 90% of our Market is going to identify with something in that in that paragraph right there, right? They're gonna identify with something in here if they say no, I'm not sure on time. No, I don't, you know, like I I don't care about like I do have a product.

No, I'm cool creating my own product and I don't care about I Hefty credibility boost in my Marketplace. Okay, then I'm fine with that right then that I'm fine with that. And so That make sense so far. Absolutely. Yep.

Okay, awesome, right and you know addressing. In fact best selling authors will love you for it addressing a possible objection that will this, you know Willis annoy people and speed easy and fast, right and then I didn't just say easy and fast I said you can start seeing new sales in as little as a few days, right? So I didn't just say easy fast in as little as a few days and then I tried to just build in a little urgency over here like you might want to jump on this now and and you'll notice that I said, you may want to jump on this now I didn't say jump on this now before you which comes across as an overzealous exaggerated attempt to manipulate somebody so I just said you might want to jump on this now like you may you that's for you to decide. I'm not telling you to jump on this now I'm saying you may want to jump on it. And it's hard to argue.

Right? Like I didn't say you need to jump on this now, right? Because how how could I know that they need to jump on this now like right like how could I know that? I can't know that but I I could say but you you may want to jump on this now, right? That's not me making an emphatic statement.

It's you might I don't know I didn't say you do you want to I said you may want to right and so you it's another words. It's the difference between and this is something this is probably a side conversation to have I don't like to say things in my copy that somebody could say how do you know that like or how could you make that claim? Like, how could you say that? You don't know me like right so I don't want to I don't want to say things in my copy that somebody could protest or question and so it's hard to question. You may want to like that's not there's nothing to question there.

You may you may not right like you I didn't thing that was that you would say. Whoa. How do you know I may want to jump on this now right like Because you're a human being you may and so. Then I go into like I said the introduction my credibility and now and now what I want you to see here is um is now I'm going to unpack this and now I'm going to prove to them why this this works right and why it can work for them and I want you to notice though also that I will continue to bring back to bring this back to benefits. So even when we are in the heart of our marketing argument, we're not just giving rational logical reasons.

To prove why it's effective. We're always tying it back to benefits right because at the end of the day that's what makes people buy that the payoff and the belief that they're going to experience the payoff. So Uh, so right I clients and all these countries so I know it works to generate sales and I've yet to see The Borrowed bestseller campaign, not perform like gangbusters. It works every time it's used because so what did I do here? Right.

What did I do here? I made a claim. It's it works every time it's used because now what comes after the word because serves as a proof point for why it works every time it's used you've heard me say before I share this with clients that not all proof or evidence has to be in the form of stats studies, you know, figures data oftentimes right giving a giving the reasoning why if I say, this is super easy. The reason why is well, what comes next after the reason why is serves as a proof point if I said, right this is super easy because same thing the reason why is or because they Serve the same role bait what they're saying is to the prospect. What's coming next is the reason why you can accept this as true, right?

This is why Gary benzodango, one of the greatest copyrighters ever said that the word because is one of the most powerful words to use in all copy and then so then right I give these five reasons why it works every time because it's used because you instantly have a hot selling offer you get Sky High sales conversion rates. Thanks to the thousands of dollars and PR already generated you enjoy a media credibility and Authority you gain instant expert status alongside and you keep 100% of the sale while getting new customers Galore, right? And so the interesting thing if you really want to analyze this without like just for us for discussion purposes, and we're only going to go another 10 minutes tops and then we're gonna be done no matter where I'm at in my explanation here. Um, you know, if you really look at this, it works every time it's used because now if you really look at the fifth bullet right here, it makes no logical sense. Right, like it works every time it's used because you keep 100% of every sale while getting new customers calor.

That's not really addressing it but I was able to put that in the end. I was able to slip that in the in the end. I started with the most powerful reason why it works every time it's used and then I I was able to slip in this benefit in the end under the kind of guys of right of of proof If you will and so it's a little like sneaky right? I said it works every time it's used because you instantly have a hot selling offer no matter what core product or or service you get Sky High, uh, you get sales at Sky High conversion rates. Thanks to the thousands of dollars and PR.

Um, now you could see it started with the most powerful reason why and then went down to something that logically isn't even a reason why but I wanted it in there because it is a benefit. And now what you're gonna see here and I'm not gonna spend too much time on this but because I want you to see the overall framework of this, but now what you're gonna see is so now I am going to build up and establish The credibility of this model. So the very first thing that I'm going to do right is like like if somebody my thought was well, somebody could say well if this is so good, why am I not seeing anybody do this? Right? Why don't I see it?

Like why why isn't this being used? Well, aha. It is being used right a little known customer generating move quietly used by the big dogs. I wish I could say invented the borrowed bestseller campaign. I didn't right I stumbled across it about 18 months ago while studying what a handful the fastest growing direct marketing companies are doing I saw how some of their most successful marketing campaigns are borrowing a bestseller to build monster size list of new buyers.

That's a claim. All of this is a claim right? It's a claim. Where's the proof like Newsmax? For example, who's borrowing this book from Author Peter blah.

Acquiring tens of thousands and that's just one of dozens of bestsellers. They're borrowing to grow their customer list Newsmax continues to grow their database of buyers with different borrowed bestseller campaigns every single month month after month after a little more research. I discovered Newsmax is just the beginning almost all the fastest growing direct direct marketing companies acquired thousands of new buyers with their own bar of bestseller like Health radar who's borrowing this book and the folks that ultimate wealth report or borrowing this book and mind health who's borrowing this book and Dr. Chauncey who's borrowing This Book and Health radar. It was borrowing this book.

I said Health radar earlier and that's why I moved right here all the way down here, right? I knew I wanted this in here because if they scrolled I wanted them to see right all these examples, but I didn't want that's why I separated these and and Blalock Wellness who's borrowing this book from blah blah to getting new customers and I could go on and on with example after example. So, what did I do? I need a claim that this is being used and has been Used and continues to be used to acquire new buyers by some of the biggest direct marketing companies on the planet so that right why so the prospect can feel good knowing that great and smart marketers are doing this and using it and it's working to build some monster companies. And so does that make sense before I go on to the next little the next chunk?

Yeah perfectly. Okay. Um now you'll notice here now I go into I go into so now I could go on and on with example after example. Now, here's the thing to understand now, I'm going to introduce a potential objection or concern. So I say none of these companies own these books.

They didn't write them. They didn't they didn't invest any time creating them. They don't have any special deal with the authors or Publishers. They simply borrow them like this. So what did I do?

I address the fact that you don't need to write it. You don't need to create it and you don't need any special deal with the authors or Publishers. Just like them you can borrow it right you can borrow it. Um, most times are not using a free plus shipping off or a standard book funnel. No, they're using a borrowed bestseller campaign to sell the books just a bit below retail and every sale they keep 100% of the money while growing their list of buyers bigger and bigger when I first saw how the borrowed bestseller campaign works.

I was blown away now, you'll notice without getting too into the weeds here for time purposes. You'll see you'll see a couple things being done here, right? If we really wanted to get into the weeds. You'll see me addressing and going against the typical free plus shipping book funnel. Right.

So what do people immediately so you'll see me immediately going against the typical book funnel. The other thing that that you'll see is I just want to go back for one second. Where is it if you go back here. See something here. You'll sit you'll see this.

I wish I could say I didn't invent the the bar best seller campaign. I didn't this is my equivalent little equivalent of a damaging admission. Right? Like I'm admitting I didn't come up with this man. I wish I could take credit for this right?

Like I'm giving a damaging admission right on right? I didn't have to say that at all in there. I could have just removed those two lines and taking them out. But the reason why I included them in there is because it serves to um to disarm the prospect a little bit. I'm not this guy.

That's just making these wild thing like I invented this and it's incredible and blah blah and I'm the best I said, right. I wish I could say that I invented this far about right so disarming the um the prospect, uh, you'll also see this and Damian should love this. You'll see notice this sentence right here is grammatically incorrect. It's grammatically incorrect. I should say it it varies intenses.

So you'll see I stumbled across it about 18 months ago. While studying what a handful of fastest growing direct marketing companies are doing the right grammatically that word should be were doing I stumbled across at 18 months ago while I was studying what they were doing right, but I wanted to bring it back to what they are doing right now. I saw you'll see it again here. I saw past tense some of the most successful marketing games. There are borrowing present tense a best-seller to build monster size list like Newsmax.

For example, who's borrowing this book. Now, I don't even know if they're they're still borrowing the book this book and using it they were but I want it present tense. I don't want it right in Damian's talk about this, you know numerous times. I don't want to talk about something that used to be done and used to work right or even plant the seed that it's old and dated right? It's being done now.

and so Now over here just want to go back to this. We'll do two more chunks. And that's it. Then you guys will be Audi right when I first saw how the bar best seller campaign works. I was blown away.

Um the fact that you don't need to write a book and make it a bestseller to get tons of new customers. You can just borrow one think about it. Now. What do I do more more benefits similar benefits to what it is that I had up here when I went through this. I'm just I'm just stating them differently.

And so what I say, no writing or product creation, it's sellable product instantly like these are the exciting features of this model if you will, right like no no writing sellable product instantly the instant credibility of a published book positioning of an established expert PR and Buzz already created most of the copyright an ocean of buyers and you keep every dollar from every sale if that's not a beautiful marketing opportunity. I don't know what is so immediately I decided now I'm gonna give my example of Like of of what we did so immediately I decided to put my the bar best seller campaign to the test of my own business. So I spoke to my friends at Agora Financial to find out where they go to borrow their best sellers. They shared their secret source and off I went to borrow my first bestseller. What am I doing more curiosity?

Right? Like I want that secret Source. What is that? Secret Source, um, and I was stunned see now look if you really want to look at this section. What am I doing?

I'm covering an objection, but I'm doing it in narrative, right? So now I'm telling a story. So I immediately I decided to borrow. So I spoke to my friends over to gore Financial. What why am I introducing them this I'm introducing this because I'm about to cover an objection.

So I spoke to my friends at Igor Financial to find out where they go. They share their secret Source I use this to just more curiosity and off I went to borrow my first best seller. I was stunned to see there are hundreds of best sellers that you can Laurel right. Now notice again talking about the prospect right not I didn't say I was stunned to see that there are hundreds of bestsellers that I could borrow I said, there are I was stunned to see there are hundreds of bestsellers. You can borrow right now and more and more which become available for borrowing every week.

You name it. There's a book you can borrow and immediately use to get new customers almost every topic imaginable and then I laid out the main ones right Business Financial personal development psychology relationships, which love even cookbooks most now, I'm about to show most of which sell on Amazon for up to 24, which you can borrow for as little as 50 cents to three dollars. And so now I'm showing proof here. I'm going to show I'm showing proof and then I go on I continue the narrative. I spent a few minutes searching through I found right persuasion, right?

We rolled out, you know, I'll borrow this book The Marketplace now keep in mind. I did not have any relationship whatsoever with childini has Publishers company another way to re-emphasize what I've said, at least twice now that you don't need any special connections. And then I say it again you don't need any special relationship connections or permission. That's the fourth time that I've said that now in this sales letter in some different format at the time. Now, I'm showing proof at the time Precision was selling for 1822 the secret Source I was able to borrow it for three bucks, right and then I took five days to create some notes and stuff to go with it and I sold it for 1695.

Right 1695 gives people a read it comes with the book and more stuff better than the price on Amazon. I grabbed it for three bucks, right it works. So well, it brought me new customers every day for over 11 weeks straight handful of top marketers reached out to ask how I was doing it like Russell Brunson. It's not often. I see same quote from above now now it's contextual right now.

It's contextual now. I'm using it within the context that I wanted to but and then I go on And I just continue to unpack you generate sales from new buyers, which you then own and you can sell over and over simply put you borrow a bestseller on any thought you acquire fresh motivated buyers, then you sell those buyers over and over again and you can get more and more new buyers blah blah. It's as simple as three steps. Now, I'm going to give them I'm going to say right in case they're unsure of how this would work. Think about it you can borrow and sell a fitness best seller if you wanna gym so weight loss product or for dietary supplements.

Then you own a hot list of Fitness Enthusiast buyers, you can sell borrow and sell a personal development bestseller. If you own products on goal setting time management nesting best seller relationship bestseller business bestseller fact is no matter what product or service you offer the opportunities for you to borrow a bestseller are endless. In fact, look at just a few of the added best sellers. I found on the secret Source this week alone, and now I'm giving examples and I'm not just giving examples of the book but I'm showing evidence of how you can get it for pennies compared to what it sells for on Amazon and I chose books that address different like, here's Robert Herjavec from Shark Tank. Here is a pain book.

Here's Lewis Howes. Here's a fitness book. Here's a book on the economy and investing. Here's another um, Mr. Wonderful Kevin O'Leary from from Shark Tank.

Here's another one. I think this is also Fitness related and that's just the tip of the iceberg. There are hundreds and hundreds of books in bestsellers that you'll find. So here's what to do now. And now I go into the offer if you look and I want you to see this notice the the um, notice the whatever you call the what's this thing called the scroll bar scroll bar.

There you go the scroll bar notice that the scroll bar notice where the scroll bar is on this right how it's towards. It's at the very bottom of this if you really look this is the end. This is the order form right here. This is where the offer is introduced. So everything Above This scroll bar was just building up the value of a borrowed bestseller campaign by demonstrating the opportunity and showing why the opportunity is available to them.

I am constantly driving home. Benefits right? And so if you're currently getting all the customers look and look look at what I say here if you're currently getting all the customers your business can handle keep doing what you're doing. I would tell you not to change anything, right, but if you want to run, what is this, this is a beautiful piece of copy because Two things number one it allows me to come off as I'm not trying to push this down your throat. Like look man.

If you're if you have all the customers your business can handle then don't do this don't change anything, right? That seems like it is advice that goes against my best interest right which it really is right, but I also know that 99.9% of people don't have all the customers their business can handle so it allowed me to say something that disarmed the prospect right that it allowed me to give a piece of advice that's in their best interest. Not my own while knowing that like this is going to apply to the you know, this this is not gonna apply to 99.9% of people right? So I would tell you not to change anything. But if you do want to rush a new buyers for your business in as little as a few days now I said Rush before I said surge earlier on I said get flooded right again a different way.

I put everything for you in this in a brand new on demand training bundle that you can have access to get 90% off right now. Here's what you'll discover bullets from this right now. We have an instant access to only 49 But and then here's the the order form with some some three different bumps that John did and so any questions about this before I let you guys bounce. None for me. Damian no, that was great.

I special thought just the that last part when you said hey, if you're ready doing this and and sort of walking that narrow path would not seen him like a jerk of like hey, dude, if you have all the sales you want why you're wasting your time, but but doing it in a way that comes across as like hey, like, you know keeping it real but it also again disarms the Prospect and yeah, yeah because you know, and it's it's interesting that you brought that up, you know, and it definitely a conversation for another training. I know we we get into some deep stuff sometimes or some interesting stuff on these on these weekly marketing trainings, but you know, I I really think that that old school sales mentality of like, you know, like if if you're if you're even remotely thinking about this right now, you got to go home and check your testosterone level because you're likely not a man, right? That's that's trash man because people know exactly right like people know when they're being manipulated or when it comes across as like An alpha trying to posture and make it like people spot that from a mile away. Not only does that not represent me and my personality but I think that it's just bad copy. It's bad salesmanship because today's customer is not the customer of 40 years ago is not the cut way because of the the axis that we have the easy convenient access to so many goods and services that we don't need to put up with demeaning copy these right like come explicit in your face takeaways of like, right if you're even thinking about this you're a loser and you should leave this page right now, like that's terrible.

And so and yet we still see that from from some people. It's right. You you always want to figure out ways we always say right a known tactic is a blown tactic if the prospect knows what you're trying to do it you blow you blew it you want to be able to you still want to be able to leverage these emotional triggers? I'm not saying that the whatever trigger That Alpha takeaway was trying to leverage right? I'm not saying that we don't want to let the underlying emotional trigger.

We can still figure out how to trigger how to how to prod but we're just going to do it in a savvier way. That's stealth where they don't even they don't they don't even see like it doesn't they're not aware of what it is that we're doing. They're not aware of it. They're just like, oh then that's kind of cool them to say that like and and before you know it they've been they've been you know triggered so to speak and so cool. Cool.

All right. Dig it cool. That's it. Thanks. You got you guys are out of here.

Thank you guys. We'll see you on next week's call. Bye Todd. You got it.
