---
title: "cc_2022-12-20"
date: 2022-12-20
duration: 45m
duration_seconds: 2753
vimeo_id: 783024236
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-12-20

**Date:** 2022-12-20 | **Duration:** 45m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

All right, so we are gonna get to it. So we're gonna pick up where last week we got cut off and we're gonna finish with part two now, ironically last week and I'm gonna pull up the slide deck in just a second. We got cut off right when I was really going into the very last bullet of the last slide. Um, so we're really at the at the tail end and so this should be somewhat brief and and really to the point, but just to make sure that everybody is kind of is on the same page and is is aware of where we left off. What I want to do is I'm gonna share my screen and we're just gonna quickly do a recap of what it is that we covered last week.

And so Last week we were talking about argumentation. And I I really said and you've heard me say this everybody on the team has heard me say this and certainly by now the folks that have been paying attention to any of my trainings know that I'm just a big believer in the idea of of a presenting an airtight Rock Solid emotional and logical argument at the heart of a marketing message. I believe that That the really the most effective marketing messages today. They not only focus on benefits outcomes, you know results ultimately what the prospect wants to experience. They not only present a different type of solution what we refer to as the unique mechanism, but they present and argument that demonstrates the the proof the the support the reasoning why the prospect should view that solution that unique mechanism as not only different but as the Superior Solution to get the results they want right and so this is an important to you know, an important little distinction in other words.

We're not just saying here's a new thing and here's everything that it'll do for you and simply saying it's great and it's the best and you should believe me because I've said it right that's that's not what I would refer to as a marketing argument. That's not an argument. That's just a bunch of claims. That's saying here is something new a new solution a new mechanism a new way of doing things. Here's what this new way of doing things.

Um can do for you benefit benefit benefit outcome results transformation. Um, it's phenomenal. It's the greatest thing since sliced bread claim claim claim claim claim and here's the offer right? That's not what what I would certainly say is an argument at the root of in an argument is evidence is support is proof is reasoning to back up your claims in other words. So when you say something is great, you need to present evidence for that when you say something is easy.

You need to present evidence for that. You need to present support. Word for that when you say something produces fast results, you need to produce evidence for that when you say something is more compliant than any other method or methodology you need to present proof or support or evidence for that when you say this technique won't get your account banned on Facebook. You need to give reasoning you need to give evidence. You need to give support you need to give an explanation that undergirds those claims if you want prospects to to be persuaded both intellectually as well as emotionally see, I I believe that at the root of effect of marketing you need you need to appeal to both for so long we've heard from so many marketing, um, even called marketing experts marketing marketing leaders that the effective marketing is all about emotion that you got to you know, you got to speak to the prospects emotion that you got to move them emotionally that buy out of emotion And all of that is absolutely true.

However, that doesn't preclude or eliminate the need for The Logical underlying support the evidence the proof the argument the reasoning right and so there's there's been this weird kind of perception in our Marketplace that right that it's all about. It's all about emotion. It's only about emotion. And um and that's just simply not the not the case and I think and I believe wholeheartedly that today more so than ever before that presenting an argument which offers that proof that reasoning that that evidence all that that undergirding that support to persuade people logically intellectually, I should say as well as emotionally is even more important than ever because of the quantity of marketing and sales messages that people are exposed to today because of the level of skepticism doubt that people have today because of how many people are are jaded in many markets from um, or due to empty promises being made in marketing and those promises not being fulfilled in the in the delivery of the product. And so all of this is what what is led me to really focus on teaching People the art of crafting and delivering a coherent easy to understand a rock solid marketing arguments.

So I wanted to give a little Foundation of a little foundation of the types of arguments that we that we present the two types of arguments. And then I wanted to go through how the type of argument that we use and what are ultimately looks like in a marketing campaign in terms of the steps. So if you remember last week we talked about right what the we talked about the simple definition of an argument consist of a set of statements called premises that serve as grounds that serve as support evidence undergirding affirming another statement called the conclusion right in marketing you could say but like we talked about last week that the conclusion is really the claims that we make so I mentioned last week just for refer. For everybody I mentioned last week that typically in your typical argument. Let's say or essay or thesis, you know document when somebody puts it together.

Typically what happens is there is a bunch of premises right that ultimately lead to a conclusion in the conclusion comes in the end for us. It's reverse we start with the conclusion and then we offer the premises we offer the the cpb chunks we offer the evidence and basically right in a marketing campaign. For us right as you're gonna see it is there's one overarching claim or one overarching conclusion that we want people to have what we call the thesis statement in the E5 method. And then right we lead people to accept that thesis statement that final big conclusion the conclusion that we need them to have in their mind so that they want our product before we even present the offer and then what happens is we support that or lead people to that thesis with these additional claims additional sub conclusions. If you will that are all then backed by their own premises that are all then backed by their proof evidence support, right?

So it's clean for you know, um, proof support evidence benefits claim proof support evidence claim proof support evidence benefits, all of those things right stacked up lead somebody in a marketing argument to accept our final conclusion, which is Conclusion that we need them to have in order to buy again. We talked about this last week and then we talked about the two different types of arguments and the difference really being there's deductive and there's inductive and uh, we talked about really we talked about the difference between these and I gave you guys this example, right a deductive argument is always an argument where if the premises are true by Nature then the conclusion has to be true. So you see on the left Socrates as a man all men are mortal those two things Socrates is a man. That's a a premise all men or Mortal. That's a premise.

If both of those premises are true that naturally by Nature forces. The conclusion to be true. Therefore Socrates is Mortal, right and so ironically And there's a whole there is my gosh. There is we could go so deep into deductive arguments because there are different types of deductive deductive arguments deductive arguments are really without. I don't want to with our argument by Form there are different forms of deductive arguments, but they're all if the premises are true by Nature the conclusion is true.

Then you've got inductive and the difference between inductive and deductive is that inductive presents a what what we could call a highly reliable or reasonable likelihood that the conclusion is true. So in other words with deductive a deductive argument the like I said, if the premises are true the conclusion has to be true 100% There's not a another words the way it's often described is there's no variation in strength. It's either true or it's not right and that's based on the nature of the premises being true. But with inductive arguments, which is the type of argument that we see that that we put forth in in marketing campaigns most of the time inductive arguments or the type of arguments that are used in political debates. Most debates.

Most argumentation is is build off of the back of inductive arguments and that's why you can see two sides you could see the Pro and the con the four and the against in any in any stance you could see somebody talking about and we talk about this last week somebody talking about the value of socialism and somebody else talking about no the value of capitalism, right? Because they're using inductive argumentation therefore it's it's all about the it's all about the likelihood or the the high level of reliability in the conclusion. It's not 100% So most Greeks eat olives Socrates is a Greek therefore Socrates eats olives. That's not a hundred percent guaranteed, right? That's not like 100% guarantee.

It's just it presents an argument that leads somebody. To a reasonable conclusion, right? Like it's a reasonable conclusion to come to and that's the type of argument that we are presenting right in in our marketing campaigns. So we talked last week about about a About the importance and this was really the key. What I'm about to say is really the whole key or the whole reason why I I felt so strongly about presenting this.

Is that it's essential that before you write copy before you start crafting a headline before you start crafting the lead before you start thinking about your marketing argument that you start with an outline that you have an idea. Excuse me of ultimately what you're going to be presenting. If you know, you don't jump in the car and start driving without knowing where you're going unless you're okay just driving haphazardly and winding up wherever you want to wind up. Right but if you want to go to a specific place you start by identifying. Where is that specific place that you want to go to and I believe that with a marketing argument with a marketing campaign.

We're doing the same thing. There is a place that we want to take the prospect. There's a starting point in terms of what it is the prospects believe what it is that prospects feel what it is the prospects understand what it is the prospects think is the right path for them or the right solution for them and there. Place that we want to take them to in terms of what they believe what they understand what they feel what they see and what they recognize as the best solution for them. And so we want to start with Clarity on on that kind of that Journey.

We want to start with an Of ultimately where we're trying to lead the Prospect and ultimately what we're going to be talking about right because that will save us from Meandering in the copy that will save us from going off on these crazy tangents that will save us from including content in there. That's completely extremely unnecessary, right? That's just that ads fluff and padding that doesn't serve the overall journey and so You know, I again and I've said this before I said this last week and you've heard me say this numerous times that I believe and feel strongly that everything we do and say and show and present in the marketing campaign should be moving the prospect further and further down that journey and closer and closer to the destination. Well, if we don't know where that destination is, if we don't know where we're ultimately trying to lead the prospect at the beginning then it becomes very easy to meander and only realize afterwards when we're done that man. I was talking I gave a whole story over here that had nothing to do with leading them closer.

It was just an interesting story, but it didn't serve the purpose of leading them closer and closer. To the to the destination right or I presented evidence. I presented some sort of evidence over here. But evidence for what that evidence didn't even back up any claim that I made right and and or I made a claim in the in the campaign and why did I even make that claim? It has nothing to do with leading them closer to the destination?

Point all of this is to say that this is why you need to start with an outline and I said last week that I've just seen from clients with new campaigns, uh, when sent over to me for critique. I've just seen a number of times where I if I was having a hard time following like why are they talking about this? Why are they why are they introducing this? Why are they even sharing the story in here? Like what does this have to do with the overall theme and right like this is this is totally unnecessary.

It might be interesting right might be cool, but it's unnecessary in the context of this message the other and so what happens is when you don't start with an outline and it can be a very rough outline addressing these things that we're gonna we're gonna quickly recap and then and then cover the final point just a second. But you end up with bloated copy, right? So it's it's bloated you end up right you end up with bloated copy you end up with a message that is often confusing right? Because it's hard to follow meaning. I'm not like I'm there.

Why are they introducing this? I'm not sure what does this have to do with the main topic? Like what? What am I supposed to understand from this about that? Right?

It becomes very confusing and hard to follow bloated and often doesn't do a an efficient job of moving somebody to the to the destination. We want to avoid that and so step one in the campaign outline. The very first thing that you really want to write down is what's the campaign thesis? And this is ultimately that that buying conclusion that buying belief that we need prospects to have before. go into our offer, so Right the simple way to think about this and you know folks that have studied E5 certainly are wildly familiar with this Michael you do this, you know every day with clients but it is right.

What is the one belief? What's the one thing that prospects need to believe before? We introduce them to the offer? What what's the one thing we need them to believe so that when we introduce them to the offer or present the offer they're gonna be presold, right? They're gonna be presold.

They're gonna go into the offer basically already wanting the product if you will before we really even talk about the product. So what is the one buying belief that we are trying to lead them to? I've given many of you have heard me give this this metaphor if you will or analogy, whatever multiple times in the past that it's very much akin to the prosecutor in a court case the prosecutor knows that there's one belief that he or she needs the jury to have by the end of their argument by the end of their presentation by the end of their case and that one buying belief that one campaign thesis that one conclusion is that the defendant is guilty of the crime and should be punished to the full extent to the law. That's the one buying belief that they need right that they need the jury to have and so the prosecutor is presenting an airtight Rock Solid logical and emotional case to do one thing and one thing only and that's lead that jury to that one buying belief to that one conclusion to that one campaign thesis for us. It's always form or fashion of the unique mechanism is the most effective way to get the result the primary promise, but you've got to be clear on that right?

You've got to be clear on that in advance. Then of course there is this, um, what's the angle that you're going to use right to present this message? What's the what's the narrative? What's the plot? What's the the story line?

What's the idea behind the campaign that you're gonna use to lead people to that um or use to get their interest to ultimately lead them to that campaign thesis. Right? And the point is that there are and there are a number of different ways a number of different angles a number of different hooks a number of different ideas that you can use to talk about any one subject. Right. There's a number of different angles hooks ideas that you can use to talk about any one subject.

Right? It only takes looking at or being a student of The financial publishing Market to see how you could talk about the same freaking thing for decades dividend stocks gold investing. Um and yet you can come up with almost an infinite number of different angles ideas narratives to ultimately present the same underlying idea if you will so you got to be clear on what's the angle? What's the hook? What's the the idea that we're going to use for this for this campaign?

This is this is important at the very beginning because it also tells you what not to include. Right, like, you know, you've heard it said before right that it was Mark Ford who drilled into me many many years ago the the rule of one and the rule of one right is it's one idea. It's it's one narrative. It's one plot line. You're not bringing in a whole bunch of just let me say everything and anything that I can say to convince this person because it becomes jumbled.

It becomes bloated. It becomes complex. It becomes difficult to follow and so what is the campaign idea narrative? Next we then get into now really the heart of the argument formation. What are the subclaims needed to establish the campaign thesis?

So you heard me say before the way that I approached the way that I think about this with a marketing campaign is all right. What do I need these prospects to believe? What's the one thing not all the things? What's the one thing that I need them to believe? Like, what's this the whole what's my whole thesis that I'm trying to get people to buy into?

What's that whole what that one buying belief that I'm trying to get them to buy into right? Well the way that you you the way that you Get buy-in on that thesis is with the formation of an argument so you could think about if we go back here to this right for a second, right? If the buying belief that we ultimately wanted people to buy into was that Socrates, um eight olives. That's ultimately right. We said here this is the premise premise and then this is the the conclusion right?

So if this was the ultimate conclusion the ultimate thesis then this is really the argument Right like this is what I would call the body of the argument the support for the argument right like it is. Okay. So we want people to believe Socrates eight olives. Therefore. What do we have to do to prove that?

Well, we've got to show that right Socrates was Greek Socrates, you know Greeks eat olives. There could be a number of different things potentially that we we go with her a number of different angles. But the point is that it's these premises these kind of these little substatements that lead to this conclusion and it's the same way with a marketing argument. We don't we don't you know, this is what we want people to believe and then it's the creation of these subclaims or officially premises that we use to establish this to get prospects to believe it. Now, we do this, you know in the form of what are called cpb chunks.

So every one of these subclaims really becomes its own chunk, right? That's we're gonna make a claim. That helps to support this right in this case. If you really looked at this most Greeks eat olives, you could make the case that that's just a claim. Right.

Well, what's the what's the proof of that? Right? What's the evidence of that right Socrates is Greek. What's the proof of that right you could really make the case that both of these are just claims right? And so what is the proof of this?

And so ultimately we are right what we're doing here is we're what are the claims that we're going to make right that are needed to me to establish the thesis and then what is the evidence or proof that we can offer for each one of these subclaims to support it? Michael I want you to jump in for one second. And is there anything that you would add to what it is that I just said, I know we're not trying to unpack every step. Obviously. This is what we do with the E5 method, you know, E5 acquisition accelerator.

Yeah, right, there's always steps and and nuances and and whatnot that go into this but big overview. Is there anything that you would add to what it is that I said here for the people that in our tribe that get these recordings to make sure that they have at least a basic level of understanding of what we're doing here. Yeah, nothing to add so much as the second bullet there about the campaign idea and the narrative. Yep. People get really hung up on that, you know, and that's probably the most subjective thing we do.

Yep. I don't want to say it at Almost Doesn't Matter like like in the grand scheme of things you can you can you can support your thesis no matter what the campaign idea or narrative is and I would say and don't get hung up on that if there's something that you know that your prospects are really really curious about or you know, it would make them curious go with it because like I said, well, you know, we find out when you know, once we run traffic to it with the data whether or not it was a good idea. Yeah, so I mean I would Make that little Point little distinct. Yeah. No, I I think that that's great.

Great point a great value add there, you know for what it's worth. And just for discussion purposes now as it relates to that the idea narrative. So I'll tell you kind of a a couple of foundational elements that I look for when I begin to think about the campaign idea narrative kind of hook angle. Um, and of course, you know, this requires a research examination, right like it's been said before right these ideas don't come from your head. You're not sitting down with a yellow legal pad and then let me you know, let me wait for the oh the big idea in here.

It is in my lap. It just doesn't it doesn't work that way. Um, it really all the ideas are out there. You need to we need to do the the the research the examination to pull it out and then kind of put it together and then assemble it that being said so number one. Important to be a student of your Marketplace the marketplace that you're creating a marketing campaign for because I always want to know what is the market already heard, right?

So what I'm ultimately looking for is I I want ultimately right I'm looking for something that is is different is going to feel fresh to the market is going to feel different unique to the marketplace right is going to feel like um talking about something that they haven't heard before whether it be a different perspective or a different angle or sometimes. It's it's just different verbiage to make the marketplace feel like this is this is different and so in order to know that you've got something different you have to know what's common and you only know what's common when you remain a student of the marketplace, so this is why right and I know that you've experienced You know oftentimes, you know, I I used to get asked all the time whether it be on a live if I was doing a live presentation a master class or even you know, a guest on somebody else's Mastermind thing or whatever their webinar. Somebody would always somebody would always ask Todd. Can you tell me if this is a big idea? Right and then they would present their idea and right.

How would I know if it's a big idea if I have no insight into the marketplace because part of the criteria of a big idea is that it's new, it's Unique. It's fresh right? And so even let's just take the word unique right? It's unique unique compared to what like, it's not just unique like Todd sees that is unique, right? Like of course, maybe I see that as unique because I've never seen anything in that Marketplace before and so to me that's wildly unique.

No, it's Unique to the marketplace based on what it is that they've heard before based on what it is that they've already seen based on what it is that other people are already presenting to them. And so I'm constantly looking for something fresh right? I recognize I I recognize the critical importance of getting Function and my strong belief is that one of the most effective ways to get it that like look you have to get attention for people to consume your marketing message or people don't pay attention or you don't grab their attention ain't nobody consuming your marketing message. So of course kind of step one, which is marketing 101. We've got to get attention.

There are a lot of different ways to write to get attention. You could say something extremely offensive, right and get attention. You could say you could do a a tease free money f*******. Come on over right and you're gonna get attention doesn't mean that that's gonna work to hold attention when you you know, free money f*******, and then you bring them over and you're talking about fertilizer for your lawn not gonna work too. Well, right.

I believe that one of the most effective ways to get attention is with the the big idea is with an idea that is encompasses a topic that the marketplace is interested in. But is a unique and different angle a unique and different perspective a unique and different storyline something that the marketplace hasn't heard before something that the marketplace hasn't seen before and so I'm constantly looking for different. I believe Michael for what it's worth and for everybody listening that and and I believe that this is going to be the case. I believe this is going to be even more important I in most markets in 2023. The single most important word in all of marketing is differentiation.

I believe it right I believe it on so many levels right? I believe that differentiation, right? It's critical to get attention differentiation is critical to to keep attention differentiation is critical in markets that are saturated and and and and wildly competitive. I believe that if you're doing a media buying for sure like differentiation in your creative in your hook and your angle in your story in your line and your narrative is essential and so really if you you know at a bare minimum, what I would say is you just you don't want to say the same thing that everybody else is saying right. You don't want to say the same thing that everybody else is saying it doesn't mean that you need this Grand big idea that's gonna be a game changer change your business change your life forever in this next campaign.

That would be a great thing. But you don't need that. What you do need is you you need to differentiate in a way that is Meaningful to your Marketplace in a way that right is valuable to them in a way that is important. Into them and so that's at the heart and soul of really how I think about the the campaign idea also for what it's worth while we're on this topic to just go go down this tangent a little bit further. I also believe very strongly in applying the same thought process when it comes to product creation, like right I always think about right.

Um, I'm always thinking about uh, all right. So what are the gaps in the marketplace in terms of what are the problems issues or wants and desires that the marketplace has that are are not adequately being met or that are not being addressed. What are the ideas for products for solutions for training if you will that the marketplace hasn't seen before hasn't been offered before that. They would see as wildly valuable. So when you when you you know when you start with a right, let me back up.

Rather that's the approach that I love to take rather than well. I see a bunch of people already selling copywriting templates. Let me put together my own copywriting template bundle and then try to go head-to-head with those people that is one of the most foolish things that you can do. You're going you are you are deciding when you do that to just go and play and swim in a bloody red ocean. You're now fighting for scraps.

Why would you do that? Like when you see a Marketplace that already has multiple people selling the same solution Uh instead of thinking to yourself. Well, if there are a lot of people selling this then a lot of people must want it therefore, let me go and create my own version which is the exact thought process that most people have no you're making the game of marketing much more difficult for yourself because now you do you have to work that much harder to separate yourself from all those others. You have to work that much harder on the unique mechanism and the argument for The Unique mechanism, like right when you're offering something that is already being offered by multiple people. Your job is now infinitely harder from a marketing positioning and differentiation perspective.

But when you truly are able to come up with a unique product angle a unique product a unique solution when you're able to truly feel a gap you now make the job infinitely easier on yourself. And so I love it and when I've done that In the past. Um, it's been not only not only has It produced some of the biggest successes for us, but it is been a truly enjoyable marketing process the last campaign that we did that kind of met this criteria of something new something different something rare something that people wanted something that was highly valuable and something that they couldn't get anywhere else was the decade plus swipe file. and it was easy. It was easy to sell that thing at at a nice price point and sell out, you know, the 250.

I think it was copies and a handful of days and so right that's the beauty That's The Power of starting with something enormously, um valuable different rare unique when I did it with a a give one more example when uh many years ago going back now for a second many years ago when Joe Schriever at Agora Financial approached me and we were on I'll never forget we were on the phone and he was like, hey Todd, would you be interested in? Um, I'd love for you to Market and sell the recordings of our internal copy School the training right? I was literally I was like, Oh gotta think about it that Joe I might be interested. Uh, no I was like, of course and the reason why I said to myself of course was because I knew that it met that criteria nowhere else. Could you at the time could you get any insight into their into their process?

Right? It had never been offered. Um, before it gave people access to behind the scenes at Agora which at the time there was this pent-up demand for um, people love learning copyrighting in our in you know, our our audience. Uh, I knew the marketing that I was gonna do was gonna completely just be different from everything else tell a different story. So the whole thing from top to bottom was just wildly different and that's why it did as well as it did and so it applies to both that campaign narrative and the product if there's one word you take away.

It's differentiation. It's different. How is this different? How how is this wildly different from everything else? How does this write?

How does this fill a gap right making it unique making it different? That's what I I think about constantly and you'll see when you do that how it makes things infinitely. Um, Infinitely easier and then the final bullet all of this leading up to that. There's one more bullet on here, which is um, once you've identified the thesis and you have an idea of the narrative the idea the hook that you want to use. Um, and then you've identified the subclaims, you know, the claims that you're gonna make that are gonna lead people to the thesis and then the proof and the evidence and the support for those claims, then it's a matter of of determining which claims need to be presented before other claims.

If any of them meaning is there an order is there a is there a flow is there is right. Is there any sort of logical order where this needs to this claim and proof needs to be presented first this claim this proof needs to be presented or should be then presented after that one and so on and right you if you really think about it just on a high level. and then Michael if you have anything to add to this you can jump in but you know it is um You know it is. Let's say somebody was thinking about I'm just gonna give an example if somebody was thinking about they're debating. Let's go really for something extreme here and say somebody today is debating on whether they want to get a mobile phone.

They do not have a mobile phone. They're not they right up to this point. They have resisted mobile phone for whatever reason and they're contemplating. Maybe you know, I'm thinking I might need one and if I do not even sure which one to get right so I'm not convinced yet fully that I need one. I'm contemplating on it and then but if I do need one, I'm not even sure which one I want to go with if I want to go with the Samsung thing or one of these iPhone thingies.

Okay, so you can tell right from that what I just said that before we talk about which is better iPhone or Samsung. We need to first talk about the value of having a mobile phone with that individual. Right? So this is an example this this last bullet here that is a simple example of we wouldn't start the argument by saying Let's talk about what makes an iPhone Superior to a Samsung because what needs to come before that is that and a mobile phone is even valuable, right? Nobody cares about whether an iPhone is better than a Samsung until they understand the value of having a mobile phone.

And so that's a simple example of if we were gonna present an argument which we would right if somebody said I'm not I've been thinking about a mobile phone. I'm not fully convinced that I need one. You know, if I do need one, I got to decide whether it's an iPhone or Samsung. Um, what do you think convince me? Convince me?

What do you think? Well now what's about to come out of your mouth? Hopefully is an argument right is it is an argument. That's persuasion right now. You're about to say well right like you you do need a mobile phone.

And here's why you do need a mobile phone claim conclusion. We want them to have Right and let me tell you why and then we're gonna give support we're gonna give evidence right? Uh, and then we might say right and what you you know, these are the features that you want. You want you want these three features in a mobile phone claim, right? And here's why boom boom right now.

You've got really one of two choices either iPhone or Samsung right? Here's why the iPhone is the better choice claim iPhone is the better choice. Here's why boom boom and that's why you should go and take advantage of the 50% off discount deal on the iPhone over at the Apple Store today. That's an example of an argument whether people realize it or not that is an example of an argument might be short might be condensed. Even you know in marketing some messages are some arguments are shorter and condensed some are longer more in depth but their arguments because that's how you ultimately lead somebody to your conclusion.

That's how you take somebody from one perspective and lead them to another perspective. You're presenting an argument whether you realize it or not. And all of this is just so before I kind of sum this up and get you and I out of here on time anything to add to the to the final bullet on here, Michael. Oh, no, you got it. You covered it.

Well, okay good. And so this is really the start of the the this is the outline. This is like I would tell you you should have this in a in a simple. Google doc doesn't have to be fully fleshed out. You don't have to write copy.

That's not what I'm telling you doesn't have to be complete sentences. That's not what I'm telling you but if you start with this, I promise you what will happen is you will have a much tighter much more succinct and coherent message right that um, like with a kind of a a straight path, right and you'll have the ability when you get to the editing after you get the stuff out of your head and down on paper when you're you've got this outline and now you're gonna write copy and you know, okay, you've got somewhat of an order here right for the the marketing argument what you're gonna be able to do during the editing when you go back is based on this you're gonna be able to use this as your North Star and so now you'll be able to see right? Well, what where does it why did I include this paragraph in here? Is it fulfill in here? How does it contribute to this campaign thesis?

It doesn't therefore cut it gone out or wow. This right. I really should have said this first before this claim and so let me move this chunk up here. You're gonna have a guide and that guide right should serve as these kind of these boundary markers for you. And so that you stay inside these two lanes and you don't Veer off.

I cannot tell you how critical how important this is for having a marketing message. That's easy to understand that flows. That's logical that is leading somebody right that that moves somebody both intellectually and emotionally it needs to be um, it needs to be coherent succinct and tight people are not willing to try to figure out what you're trying to say. They're not willing to put in the time or the effort today, right? They'll click away from your website from your vsl like that.

If you lose them if you confuse them or if you over complicate the message, this is what's going to help to do that. And so I would highly encourage everybody to write to start with an outline start with outlining the journey right start with outlining, you know, the path simple one-page doc will give you so much Clarity that you'll be able to use when you're then writing your your copy and this will be something that you reference and go back to not just while you're writing the copy but when you're editing to make sure great line and so make sense Michael. Absolutely. All right, that is all she wrote for for today Michael for you. Keep an eye out for a message from me video message from me in just a little bit as a matter of fact, and I will see you.

Let me see so there I believe that Damian will be hosting next. Weeks call or maybe not either Damien or I might have to pre-record it. But if I don't speak to you if we don't communicate via slack for you, Michael and for everybody else Merry Christmas have an amazing holiday season. If I don't talk to you guys and and gals have an amazing New Year's Eve. Be safe.

Enjoy yourself and man. Can't wait for 2023 and so take care of everybody. Talk soon. Thanks, Todd. You got it, Michael.
