---
title: "cc_2022-07-05"
date: 2022-07-05
duration: 52m
duration_seconds: 3158
vimeo_id: 727113198
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-07-05

**Date:** 2022-07-05 | **Duration:** 52m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

All right. So today we're gonna take a look at a piece of copy actually an old school piece of copy from 10 15 years ago or so. You guys may have seen this piece of copy before but we're gonna have some fun with this. We're really gonna just we're gonna have a discussion. It's just a couple things that I want to point out and then Are probably throughout then?

We're gonna have a discussion about this this copy before I bring it up, you know, there are many things that there are many aspects to this copy that likely wouldn't fly today. I don't forget compliance issues on the platforms, but just the market is certainly more sophisticated today than um, then they were when this was first published, but you're gonna see that this is so good that I believe that today. It could probably push people to To almost fight to want to set aside their skepticism to see what this guy has to say. That's how good this this really is again. You may have seen this and so I'm going to I'm gonna bring this up and then and you'll see people you'll you'll recognize that folks of knock this off before and so have you you guys both seen this have you seen this Michael Um, no, I have not.

Have you seen this Teddy. I don't think so. Oh my gosh, so you are in for a treat. So this is you this is for a legendary, you know, a legendary product in our world called the 12-month millionaire. Um, and I believe if I'm not mistaken that our buddy Russell Brunson sometime ago purchase the rights to this product.

Now this really first came on the scene and came on the scene with a tremendous just bang when many many moons ago. Uh before Gary Halbert passed Gary Halbert wrote about this dude in his newsletter and then the blurb that Gary Halbert used in the newsletter got turned into a marketing asset if you will and so I'm not sure how much of this was worked on with Gary but it really came on the scene. Like I said with tremendous Force before Gary passed away. And so this is actually been repurposed shortened and changed online. But the copy for the most part Remains The Remains the Same this is the version that I want to show you guys and And I want to talk a little bit about it.

And so the very first thing and I'm just gonna read through some of this stop get your comments. I'll throw in some some insights. But so here's how you can make here's how you can make a hundred million us with your ideas. Even when 98.4% of your prospects tell you to buzz off the amazing money making secret of a 31 year old convicted felon who earns more money per year than the CEOs of FedEx eBay Amazon Time Warner Apple computer McDonald's Microsoft Nike Yahoo, Ford Motor Company General Motors and Goodyear Tire combined. Now before we go on that is a you know, that is a an unbelievable claim, you know in unlike just and like an unbelievable clean and and over the top and incredible claim a claim that like you've got to be something special to be able to to clean that this dude.

It was legit like completely legit. at the time but so before we go any further any thoughts anything that comes to mind when you see this when you see this Just anything from either of you guys. If not, that's okay. Yeah, I love the pre-head stating the obvious of a 1.6% conversion rate. Well, like look, you know, the reality is right, right.

That's like we we know you we know that like what he's really talking about is like look as long as you can get a one to two percent sales conversion rate, which is the average in the world of direct response, you know as a side note, this is funny because over the weekend I had a conversation with Damian. And I remember the exact context but we were talking about how the the reality is that in the world of direct response a one to two percent conversion rate is the average a 3% is crushing it yet. We hear in in the online world, right? We hear 12% 11% 8% And of course there are instances of course where people get those but the reality is is that the foundation of the direct response business is based on the ability to get a one to two percent conversion rate. That's like right like a one to two percent conversion rate.

So he's basically saying like look you get 98, you know, 98.4% of your people of people to just say no to you too buzz off piss off whatever you could still be wildly wildly successful. And so yes God I was just gonna say it's it's interesting that the idea the big idea and the promise are the same. You know what? I mean? Yeah, I mean look really is the reality is there's really no legitimate true Big Marketing idea here.

He's basically just making a you know, and this is an interesting thing because he's making just a big bold audacious over the top promise and he is really for lack of a better phrase. He's backing it up with a level of proof that nobody else presented at that time. I've seen this knocked off before I believe Alex or Mosey, um knocked off a version of this but it's just such it's a huge claim right with this like look I can tell you how to do this because I I earn more than you know, I think the the number was at the time, um, he earned more than 468 or so of the top 500 CEOs of the um in the world. He earned like the top 500 paid CEOs. He earned more than 468 of them.

And so um crazy. I also think it's it's you know, this is the typical kind of old school. You know 30 31 year old convicted felon, right? We've seen so many variations of this right 26 year old, you know seven eleven, you know former seven eleven clerk, you know, but left-handed picture, you know, all kinds of crazy. Um crazy things.

I think that it's it's you know back then right. It was a point of Interest it was that's all it was. It's a point of a point of interest but I think that this is huge to see right like it's one of those when I said earlier that it's all it's so outrageous but yet it almost it makes you want to put aside your skepticism for a bit because I remember when I first saw this I was like geez, this is somebody that I I need to hear what this dude has to say, even if it's just wild craziness, right? I need to hear what this guy has to say. Anybody that's earning this kind of money.

I'm I'm curious what this what this person has to say. Next is he says, you know And you could see this is and right this is very I don't want to say formulaic but it's the old school copy style for sure. Finally successful us entrepreneur in high school dropout Vincent James Breaks 12 years of Silence to teach you his money making strategies and Powerful Secrets that anyone that anyone can use to legally make as much as 77 million Us by this time next year. That's insane. Right?

Like you're not talking about how to make 10,000 week how to make 100 Grand like it's an outrageous outrageous claim And then he goes into like really besides the details of his um his income. He immediately leads with at the time the absolute biggest biggest kind of proof point or credibility point that he can and that is discover. Why marketing Guru Gary Halbert is calling this by far the most important marketing product ever put together. um And so and then he goes on I urge you to go and lock the door take the phone off the hook grab your favorite beverage and study every single word of this letter because it's just that damn important funny thing right take the phone off the hook. You can see how old school it is.

Right how old it is take the phone off the hook. Um, and so, you know the the Apply this to what it is that you've heard me say in the past of dramatizing of making it larger than life. We we say, right we teach our clients Michael right that you always want to make a big bold audacious promise. Of course, it's got to be believable and it's got to be true but big bold audacious. You heard me talk about even at the recent top one experience, right?

Like the promise has to be big enough and bold enough to make the the the juice worth the squeeze right? It's got to be big. It's got to be dramatic. It's got to feel transformational. It's got to feel like this is the thing like this can change everything for me right?

In fact, Teddy. I believe it was chef and Who used to say I remember working with with Rich and he would constantly be like, how does this change everything? He would always go back to right this. How does this change everything because right he knew the value and knows the value of drama of making it larger than life of making it feel like this is the thing this could fix everything. This could change everything.

This is the thing I've been waiting for this is it right? Not just this is another piece to the puzzle. But this is it this solves everything and so any um, any additional thoughts on the on the debt copy before we actually get into the into it. Teddy what about you? And I just well it's interesting that he kind of contradicts the pre-head with the it's a hundred millions.

And yeah. Yeah, it's it's interesting because you know, what what to to speculate based on what I know about what it is that he talks about is you know, is he he made 77 million in a year. He made 77 million in 12 in a 12-month period And so this may be you know, how to make a hundred million dollars just with your your ideas or 100 million plus kind of kind of thing. And this is specifically what he did. And so but you're right.

It was interesting to see this number and then and then this number I agree with you that was so that was a flag for me or not a flag. But it just stood out to me Michael anything that you would add to the debt copy. No, no, you know you could see again, right like, you know over the top, you know, like over the top. What about what about the fact that yes, so obviously this is geared towards the unfit unsophisticated unless aware segment of the market who probably doesn't even know who Gary is potentially. Um, so, you know, it was interesting man.

I mean look the this is the truth the the truth is that um, That I I would say that this this appealed to the the this appear appealed to a lot of more sophisticated marketers really some of the savviest marketers in our in our industry today. If you've asked them if they've read the 12 month millionaire the majority have and so right the majority have and so some people actually credit this credit the 12 month millionaire the actual book behind this. What they later started referring to as a course, even though it was a book. It was a printed, you know, like a you know was a book. Um, I would say that the overwhelming majority read this and I think that some of that certainly had to do with with Gary Halbert like another words, right?

Like if we saw this, let's say today hypothetically somebody knew came on the scene and we saw quote like what we're about to see from Dan Kennedy. We would probably pay attention to it. Right like it would be hard to not pay attention to it. Um, if Dan Kennedy today said by far the most important marketing product ever put together like we would write like odds are we would we would snatch it up? Um, And so I so dear friend.

You don't realize it yet. But in the next eight minutes, you're gonna learn how to stop money worries for the rest of your life. This the interesting thing with this forget the structure forget the flow forget the use of money worries, which to me kind of almost feels a little dated that that phrase. Um, but the interesting thing is what does he really doing here? He's really selling us on reading.

He's selling us on consuming the thing right? He's almost selling us on like he's and this is something this is an important Nuance that that we teach our clients, but I don't think gets talked about enough when it comes to Sales letters vsls whatever and that's selling consumption. So he's making a promise that promise even though you could make the case that that promise is also linked to the purchase of the product. What he's saying is that in the next eight minutes, you're gonna learn right how to stop money money worries forever. Basically what he's doing is ultimately in this to just to just get heat right?

He's ultimately selling people on the value of direct response. Um, right like the and the ability to make small fortune or a large Fortune with direct response and then you can learn his approach and how he did it and how he thinks through the 12 month millionaire through his book. But so he's ultimately right. He's he's driving he's making a promise based on consumption that when you're done consuming this you're gonna know how to stop money worries for the rest of your life. Meaning you're gonna know what his solution is and then if you want his instruction his detail his Site, then you could purchase this product.

So he's ultimately right. He's ultimately selling you on like this this consumption. It's a nuance and it's almost subtle. But that's an important point, right? It was Clayton who I believed was the first one to talk about.

There are many sales sales that you need to make with a marketing piece. Right? Certainly you need to sell like you need to make the attention sale. You need to you need to put something out in front of people that convinces them. This is worth their attention like that.

They should stop what it is that they're doing and see what this is about. And then of course there is the what Clayton used to refer to as the readership sale right? Really what I would call today the consumption sale and that's just you got to sell people now on consuming on going through like we talk about Michael with E5 getting attention and and creating engagement are two different things just because you get somebody's attention doesn't mean that you you've created engagement. There are a lot of people like click on ads go over to sales letters and then bounce within 15 seconds because they immediately are maybe they Something that makes them feel like this isn't what I thought it was this isn't congruent with right. It's it's not I'm not interested.

Oh, it's more of the same. Oh, I've heard this before like or something like that. And so Clayton used to talk about you got to make you know, you got to make the attention sale and then you got to make the um, the the readership sale or the consumption sale. And so part of that is and this you know, Michael is that in the lead what we're ultimately and this is for you something to kind of think about Teddy in the lead. I always say what are we selling people on we're selling them on what we're about to reveal and share with them.

We're not talking about the product. We're not talking about the offer right? We're selling them on consuming and worse it with the E5 with the lead. We're doing that by teasing the value and impact of the content that we're about to give them that's a very different than trying to sell them on the product. We're selling them on consuming.

Pulling them on going forward. The reason why that I I always say I use the the analogy I've used this for years. Oh I said, you know, I remember when I first moved to Florida many moons ago, right and you know, So many houses are on water. And so we were on water a lot of lot of bass in the in the water. And so I would take my little, you know, my daughter's out the back and we would go and we would fish and Those bass man.

They just they were they were busy, you know busy fish and so I would meet I'd feel something on the line and I would immediately start cranking cranking in crank rods bent over girls or dancing with joy excited about what Daddy's about the pull out and then all the sudden the line would go slack right? The line would go slack and this happened to me numerous times until somebody was neighbor. I don't even remember friend was like dude, you got to set that hook man. You got to set the hook before you start reeling in you feel something, right? You feel set the hook set the hook then start reeling in right?

Because if you try to reel them in before you set the hook, right? They're gonna spit it out and swim away and I apply that to what a lot of people do with marketing. They tried it. They get into things right out of the gate. They try to get into logic or they get into the argument or they get into the product right or they immediately start just, you know, talking about benefits of the offer the product or whatever it may be right right away.

Ultimately, and and that's why lots of campaigns have a have an extremely high bounce rate. And so what we want to do is we want to set that hook first and the way that we do that meaning we want to turn their attention into engagement. And so what we're doing in the lead is really just teasing what it is that they're about to learn and what it'll do for them. And so we're selling them on the value of consuming right? We're selling them on the value of consuming.

We're not selling them first on the value of the offer the product we're selling them on consuming to get them to say dang. This sounds awesome. This sounds amazing. Let me keep going and get the details on this and so does that make sense Michael? You've heard me say this, you know like it a lot better than I can at this point.

And so Teddy does that make sense? Absolutely. Yeah. Okay, and so Right. So that was the first thing you don't realize it yet.

Next eight minutes. You're gonna learn how to stop money worries for the rest of your life. Please read what marketing Guru Gallery Halbert thinks about me before you read a word. I say, he's already made over 250 million using the secret quote quoting Gary. I got to know this guy.

He's from New Jersey as a street smart as they come and he has the energy of of a s*** weasel on amphetamines. Gotta Love Gary, he created a he created a business that generated a hundred million in 23 short months Vincent did this with just a pen a pad and a simple idea. I believe this is by far the most important marketing product ever put together in it. He reveals a lot of secrets that even I have I have never before revealed to anyone except a few clients in my closest friends. If you dare say that the information you get from this product was already known to you or it wasn't worth the money.

You are much more than a s*** weasel. You are a stone cold unethical liar believe it or not much of this information is so electrifying it was unknown even to me and I am now using these secrets when I create advertising for myself or for my clients now, let me stop there. I mean look, man. It's hard to match Gary like, you know, it's you know. That there's nothing I mean, it's hard to match Gary for the the you know, like he never you know, the beauty with Gary just as a side note is that he it never felt like copy it truly felt like this was just a dude that you're sitting at the bar with and he's and he's just talking to you right like and he's just telling you like it is and that's right.

He comes across right mean. Well what most people don't know is that right? Gary was brilliant. Gary was a smart intelligent dude. He was an intellectual guy.

He wasn't this like knucklehead, right? But he knew how to use every day language to make people feel like it was conversational he knew how to write conversational, um copy and so it's why when you you look at you read his newsletters and then you read some of his marketing campaigns very similar tone feel like flow. Um, very very conversational the here's the reality correct me if I'm mistaken. For me right for me if this was for me, right? Um, but if there was a buy button below that if there was a buy button below that I would have clicked that five button and I would have purchased right?

You said it right? Like it'd be hard to let's just say it like it is it's it's That's hard to man. Like holy mold, right like talk about, you know talk about creating, you know, turning your attention into engagement. Like now I need to know what this is about if there was a buy button I would have purchased if this came from somebody like Dan Kennedy, I would have purchased like today if I saw this something like this from Dan Kennedy, I would purchase now this right. This isn't Dan Kennedy's flow and Vibe and feel and whatnot, but hard to freaking hard to resist that right with what it is that he was saying and there's so much There's so much.

Um, you know, like Savvy in this number one check this out. So right you gotta love the the the description right, which is just cool. Like right you you get a feel for who Vincent James is right. Just with Gary's Gary's one line like here, right he at least you can start to form some image of of this dude. Here's another person saying this hundred million, right like a hundred million number this line right here Vincent did this with just a pen a pad and a simple idea?

Right. He didn't say with a six year of college education. He didn't say by hiring a team. He didn't say right. What did he do?

He's conveying in this that this is easy. And anybody that has a pan a pen a pad and an idea can do this. Pretty Savvy of course, right? I believe this is the most important product ever put together. This also I thought was was great.

He reveals a lot of secrets that I've never before revealed. Right like so stuff that you you don't know and then down here. He says which I love this. Um, so electrifying that was unknown even to me. Right, like imagine again, whether it was Kennedy or there's somebody else that so many people look up to saying this is stuff.

I didn't even know man like and now I'm using this right so incredible anything that you'd add to this? I've just I would just say, you know, like so certainly wasn't one particular quote like like this but I think that's the that's the whole thing. We just saw with Alex's book, right like the the amount of testimonials that he was getting from Top people. Just yeah unsolicited, you know? Yeah.

Yeah and it compounded too. I I'm I believe he's somewhere over 35,000 copies sold, um of that book, right? And so, you know that as a side note right as a side note. And I'm so glad that you brought that up. I want a deviate for one second.

I do want to give context for the folks listening to this but that is exactly what it is that I was referring to at top one when I said right engineering content for Word of Mouth but not Word of Mouth like where people are referring other people, but there is Monster value in people sharing and in Alex's case. It was just people that were saying this is great book phenomenal book and it is a great book. Uh, but people talking about the value of right and and so you can do the same thing. You can engineer the same thing just like when people were talking about the tripwire and it was always tied back to Ryan and and and and Perry and digital marketer right that pass along value. There's massive value in equipping people to pass along positive, you know, positive thoughts positive insights, uh gems to the rest of the marketplace the more people see that the more you become a trusted advisor in their eyes before they're even exposed to you, right and so there's a lot of value in that Uh, it's interesting that like from that quote from Gary Halbert.

It's it's pretty clear that it's an offer. Yeah, like it's at first you got the headline and the lead starts. I mean it's it's all about the this method and then okay, it's clearly an offer. Yeah, I mean you could see right here, you know when he says right by far the most important marketing product ever put together. So, you know that there's you know that there is an an offer coming and so he's right.

He's he doesn't hide that. Um, and so and what I'll do is I'll include I'll send this to you guys and and for everybody else that's listening to this it gets a copy of these things will all include a letter as well this letter as well so that you can read the whole thing because you'll see that mmm, right we've talked before about let me just deviate right we've talked before about not every campaign is education based or needs to be education based when there are you know, when we've got a a direct lead when we've got an offer lead, right? Like, you know there are there are many Is where you're not using education based Marketing in this context, right? What he's really doing here is he's selling people on the idea of using direct response and learning his methods because he's gotten extraordinary results as a guy who is you know, High School Dropout a convicted felon a guy who did this with a pad a pen and just an idea and nothing more right? And so but so check this out.

Uh, so here's why this is the most important letter letter you'll ever receive if you'd like to know how someone can start with a simple idea and then go and then generate 77 million Us in sales and just one year. This is going to be the most interesting letter. You will ever read here's why I'm gonna reveal how you can quickly set up a business that makes you tons of money. I'm talking six seven and even eight figures eight figure money 24/7 even while you're sleeping if that excites you I know you'll find this letter to be extremely valuable because I'm gonna show you what took me 12 years to perfect and even spent 94 days in jail to learn a proven Battlefield tested system for learning mastering and profiting from the best business in the world. Look again.

What is he doing? He's not revealing anything. He didn't reveal any more than what it is that he revealed up here at this point. Right? Right.

He's still really just selling you on the idea of consuming. Right and he he's dramatized that he's made it big. He's made it a game changer. Um, we know the typical that's gonna be the most interesting letter that you'll ever ever read right? I'm gonna reveal you can quickly set up a business that does this for you 24/7 even while you're sleeping.

Um, this is gonna be in this letter to be extremely valuable. I'm gonna show you what took me 12 years drum 12 me big Larger than Life 12 years to perfect value around this and spend 94 days in jail to learn value curiosity a proven Battlefield tested system for learning mastering and profiting from the best business in the world. I could have written a a b**** of a pitch for my system, but I decided to let the product speak for itself. I've simply reprinted the entire introduction for your review. Now the interesting thing about this for what it's worth, right the interesting thing is so when I wrote the big The Big Marketing idea book.

Um, so one of the things that I did was I took a big chunk of the sales letter that I had wrote a couple years prior for the big big marketing idea boot camp. Uh, and I included it in the in the introduction. So in other words, right? I took a big chunk of the sales letter now, I want to I want to I want I want to explain this for one second. So a big chunk of the sales letter.

This is going back many many years for the big idea. Boot camp was selling people on the value of the big idea right back, then very few people outside of the world of Agora. We're talking about the Big Marketing idea like so it was this it was this mysterious thing back then that kind of people had sort of heard of but they didn't really know what it was. Nobody else was talking about the Big Marketing idea. There was nothing there was no printed material at the time about it.

And so the very first thing that I had to do was convince people of the value of the Big Marketing idea and and show them the impact of the Big Marketing idea and showed them the campaign the showed them some of the campaigns that were produced from Big Ideas like from Kern and from from Michael same and from the world of Agora. So ultimately in that sales letter I had to sell them on the value of the Big Marketing idea. And so what I then did was in the introduction to the book I took a chunk of that sales letter so it wasn't the whole sales letter obviously, but I took a chunk of the sales letter and part of that sales letter Uh, there was a story there was a narrative that narrative was how I first came to learn about the Big Marketing idea and how I was exposed to that from from Mark Ford and how he told me right? Like it's we're in the idea of business and then it sent me off on this multi-year journey to learn about the Big Marketing idea studying it and blah blah and then I went into and here's what I discovered that most of the top copywriters feel have publicly said that it's not about the copy that it's about the idea right? In fact, you know, Gary Halbert said this so and so said this blah blah and not just that but some of the biggest campaigns that we've seen were built on Big Ideas right leading folks to say, all right, I get it.

I need to learn the big idea. So why am I sharing that with you guys in this context? Right? So I took that I took the chunk of the sales that are and I used it in the intro because I felt like the intro needed to sell people also on the value of a big marketing idea, but I also did it because of this Because I had read this sales letter and I realized that I wanted to be able to share the intro. As part of the marketing to get people interested in buying the book, right?

And so another words. This is also where this strategy of right like this is a great thing to do is in in the intro to products. If it's a video product if it is a text-based product right to create the intro with the intention of not only selling people on consuming but being able to use it as a marketing tool because and this is an important thing because right taking that intro from the book and sharing it as a as a marketing asset, even though I knew even though I took it from a marketing and sales piece right to the prospect. It feels like I'm sharing a piece of the product with that. It doesn't feel like a constructed sales vehicle, right?

It feels like I'm just gonna I'm gonna share the intro with you. I'm gonna share a chapter with you. I'm gonna give you a taste of of this product but yet right so understand the contacts the context Of it's different. If I just said here learn about this product or learn about this book and then I had a A PDF right people are gonna wow. This is a marketing tool.

This is a sales tool. But because I put it in the context of the book right then and then I could share a piece of the book and it has a different feel and I got that strategy from this. And so makes does that make sense what I shared? Yeah. Okay.

So now check this out, right? Yeah. I mean, it's just it's Savvy because right because I remember when I read this I was like dang this sounds freaking amazing. Like if the rest of the book is, you know is is up the par with this this is unbelievable. And so it didn't feel like right like it didn't feel like I was reading a pitch it felt like I was getting a taste of the product and I loved it.

And so that was the same approach that I took with um with the the big idea book and so so I've simply reprinted the entire intro for you. So now watch this read this right. This intro is some of the best copy right that it is incredible this copy if you think being educated about a new profession from a guy who played guilty to fraud money laundering is a bad idea. This is not your course, if you think learning how to make millions of dollars from a guy who almost lost 48 million in a Brut Lawsuit practically making him homeless is a bad idea. This is not your course.

If you think discovering how to live the good life from a guy who was facing 10 years in prison is a bad idea. Again. This is not your course, but if you're looking for the real the genuine the no BS way to become Filthy Rich and at the same time avoid any of the pitfalls massive success comes with this will be the most rewarding course you ever you'll ever read you see I made over a hundred million and fewer than 10 years using the very same techniques I'll reveal to you in this course. I've also nearly lost all of my fortune being stupid with my success. I'm going to teach you how to make tons of money and just as importantly I'm gonna show you how to keep your millions in your bank by not being stupid.

Like I was this is my first major course, I'm not an accomplished author. So this course will have some flaws if you read for style or literary quality like I was saying before this may this may not be the course for you, but there are but there are paragraphs in this course ideas in this course watch this listen to this guys whole chapters in this course that I have never had the balls to put down on paper before and they will open doors to you maybe as soon as tomorrow that otherwise might have taken a lifetime of waiting for you to walk through right now. I'm sure you're skeptical as hell you made me thinking to yourself that you've bought the Diary of a Madman but let me make you a small promise. Give me a few days read this course, you'll never be the same again. Once you learn what I have to teach you unless you somehow lose your entire memory.

It would be impossible for you to ever be ordinary again changes everything right changes everything life-changing. It would be impossible for you to not know how to make tons of money starting with virtually nothing as I did 10 short years ago. I hope you'll give me the benefit of the doubt with my promise. If you do please read on if you can't cast aside your skepticism, please do not waste any more of your time reading any further unless you believe in me. This course will be worth nothing to you notice.

Also the amount of takeaways the amount of like right he's not he's not working like he's not trying to convince you to he's almost saying if you can't get over this this isn't for you. If you if you don't like this this isn't for you if you don't like he's almost trying to um, right it's this feeling of he's he's pushing you away. It's the takeaway is is what it really is. Um, anyway before gonna take away. Is it the objection handling of the fact that he led with him being a convict?

Um, I don't know. I mean it what how would you say? He is it's it's an interesting right? Like it's interesting. How would you say that he is.

Um, he's handling the objection. Like right like what what would the objection be? That I can't trust this guy because he's a criminal cut. Right? So let's say that that probably could be the the objection right but he's not overcoming that he's not saying like well, here's why you can trust me today because I've turned over a new leaf.

And today I'm you know, I was given the key to the city because of the the charitable work that I've done he's not overcoming it. He's saying like everybody psychologically setting up the you know, I don't expect you to trust me. I don't want you to trust me if you don't believe these things like like you don't have to trust me. I don't care like I'm gonna be successful regardless. Do you want to yeah, you're not you could make the case that that's you.

Yeah, I I would agree with you. I you know, I don't know if I would call that, you know overcoming the objection. He's basically just saying like look it is what it is. If you're if you're uncomfortable with that this isn't for you and I'm fine with it is the attitude that he has right? And so to me that is that feels like, you know, like look I'm not, you know, I'm you know, the the book Filled with typos, if you're if you have a problem with that don't read it, right like that's not necessarily overcoming the objection.

It might be dealing with the objection or kind of addressing the objection. Um, but to me, it's more of a like every time this guy says this isn't for you. Then if you have a problem with that this isn't for you. Then it almost sets it up to makes me want to hear more what this guy has to say almost even conveys like man. This guy doesn't he doesn't need you to read this like he's not begging you to read.

He's not trying to convince you like but I'm a good guy today. He's just saying it is what it is. If you have a problem with that don't read on kind of thing. Um, and so check this out. So anyway before we jump in jump into this thing with both feet, let's get acquainted.

Maybe I should tell you a little about myself born in northern Jersey January 23rd, 1974 grow up poor single parent household. I think I had some sort of learning disability because there's a child that could not retain anything. I learned in school. I study Like Hell For an upcoming test. But as soon as I finish reading a chapter in my school book, I couldn't remember what I just read.

It would not penetrating in my brain. It was extremely discouraging so I gave up I found everything even peace. Um, right like hey, if this guy can do it, I can do it. Right like that's the if this guy can do it I can do it. I finally drop down the 10th grade.

Nobody seemed to mind no matter how hard I tried it always seemed like I wasn't going to amount to anything really important in life. And this really sucked because I had a passion for the Finer Things. I wanted the gold Rolex this 40 Mercedes and the million dollar Mega Mansion, but when I looked in the mirror, I didn't like what I saw I was convinced the good life. I wanted was just a dream but what but that was all about to change again typical story structure, right? Like this was my life.

It was terrible before and then something happened and it changed everything. Seriously by the time I was 19. I had a new a brand new Corvette at 20. I had two brand new Mercedes Benz automobiles a 21 I was the proud owner of a Rolls Royce Silver Spur by the time I turned 28, I made over a hundred million and gross sales. I profited over 50 million.

I own two homes. One of them was 14,000 square feet and at a seven car garage a billiard's room and a resort style pool with an underwater bar. And I paid cash for the home and my garage I had a red Lamborghini Diablo a yellow fer. 360 Spider a white Bentley aren't as red label about four Mercedes and 12 passenger Lincoln Town Car. Limo.

My checking account had over 10 million in it. I was earning four hundred thousand in pay each and every week that breaks down to 80,000 a day or 10,000 an hour and those Figures were if I worked five days a week for eight hours a day, which I didn't in the year 2002. I made more money than all these CEOs combined. Yes combined in in May 2003 issue of Forbes Magazine. They listed their top 500.

Here you go top 400 CEOs in America of their prominental. Of their prominent and prestigious list of the 500 CEOs. I made more than 483 of them 17 million more than the CEO of Starbucks 13 million more than the CEO of targets 17 million more than the CEO of Motorola. Now this may all seem like I'm I'm some rich a whole bragging about hi Rich. I am and you're partly correct.

I am bragging but more importantly the reason why I'm telling you all this telling you all this is that this course is about getting rich very quickly if the talk of obscene money makes you feel uncomfortable or even angers you maybe you do not really want to be rich the reason why I'm telling you all about the toys I had when I was 28 is to prove to you that if any guy like me with a learning disability a bad childhood and no formal education can get filthy rich by the time I was 28, you can absolutely follow my footsteps and build yourself your very own Empire wealth I remember back when I was 18 check this out. This is a great example of a little narrative and then we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna stop here. I remember back when I was 18. I was sitting on the steps of my aunt's home right now. This is everything else that everything up to this point is really him telling you him describing his his childhood his upbringing to demonstrate that he didn't start with anything special.

He was a terrible student learning disability started with no money and yet something happened this new business or this business that he alluded to right changed everything and here is the after I went on right and he's showing you how quickly he did it. He's showing you the vast amount and he's giving you detail right? He's giving you detail and he's breaking it down. Right all this is to kind of dimensionalize what it is that he that he's saying but now he gives a little quick story a little quick narrative. Um, When I was 18, I was sitting on the steps of my aunt's home a few doors down from her lived a girl.

I went to high school with anyway while I was out there sitting on her steps smoking a Marlboro, right Teddy. Remember when we talked about like little detail little detail in story, right? He didn't need to say smoking a Marlboro, but why it makes it more enjoyable makes it cool gives you something a picture in your in your mind tells you a little bit more about this guy. He also didn't just say smoke in a cigarette, right? He said smoking a Marlboro that to me is right the little detail that adds makes it more enjoyable to read more interesting.

I saw a red Mercedes Benz SL500 pull up at this girl's home. Some preppy geek got out of the car with his sweater wrapped around his neck and went to her front door. He was picking her up for a weekend trip. I presume because she made him carry a small duffle bag for the trunk of his shiny red Mercedes things were sure different from when we were both in high school together where that girl may have had no problem going out with me back then nowadays. Her boyfriend's had to be financially accomplished when I saw That freaking red Mercedes pull away and drive past me.

I remember saying to myself. I've got to get my s*** together and I did about a year later. I had the very same model and color Mercedes-Benz in my garage. How did I get this car? I didn't steal it.

I didn't win the lottery. I sure didn't receive an inheritance from some long lost relative who just kicked the bucket. I made the money on my own. I started from scratch with nothing but a pen a pad and a crazy idea and I'm gonna teach you how to do the same. How do you not want to like right like?

You see how the introduction is book is is great is great copy like it's great copy. And um, and and so you see how it also has a little bit right? Like even though this today would be viewed as um outrageous and right over the top right but do you also see how it has a different feel than the typical over the top sales letter meaning that right? And and the thing that I want to that I want to point out number one. I wanted to point out that you can tell stories and these stories don't have to be lengthy stories.

This story started here right and ended here. Right. There's three these three paragraphs were a short story talking about right. I was sitting there. I saw this dude pull up, right?

She didn't want to the girl. She don't have anything to do with me anymore, right and then boom and after right before right after right and right, you know at this point that the that this came about because the business that he's about to tell you about. And so so that was the first thing that the second thing that I wanted to mention that I started to mention was you see the difference between this and the typical kind of fluff. The the outrageous sales letters that feel like fluff is because they lack detail they lack detail this guy dimensionalize the amount of money that he made he gave, you know to some capacity right like he gave, you know specifics over here he gave proof evidence May 12th 2003 issue, right 483 of them. He told you all about the vehicles that he had he named specific CEOs in here over here right and told you but the amount he went into these little details about right.

He's sitting at um gave you his ages right told you that he was sitting outside of his aunt's home, right? The the Red Smoke in a Marlboro Red Mercedes right detail detail makes it believable whether it is true or not. It gives you the feeling of right. Oh, it makes it feel a lot more credible little detail. And so the value right?

Like even though this is over the top right? It doesn't have the same feeling that most of the over the top. Sales letters that are just like you just feel like it's fluff because they're not giving you any meat. They're not giving you any detail. They're not they're not dimensionalizing any aspect of this.

And so does that make sense? Absolutely. You also see how right it feels huge. And you see how like even though right? Here's here's the reality.

I'm curious do either of you guys want to read the book. Or have you guys interested you have it? And so does it does it make you have you read it yet? Yep. Yep.

Oh you years ago? Okay. And so right like Teddy, I'm curious. Does this make you want to read it? Yes.

Yes. And and so tell me why though like like really tell me why even though he's talking about this like outlandish, you know, all like almost insane hundred million 77 million in a year right like these crazy numbers. Why do you want to read it? Just to see if there's something in there that I don't know yet. It's all it takes.

Right. It's all I mean, it's all it takes. It's really it's all it takes life goes back to what I said earlier that it does make you feel like man. This could be ridiculous could be no sounds not sounds over the top sounds way exaggerated, but I'm interested enough to to be willing to you know to front the money to pay for it. Right?

And so and Teddy I'll get you a copy. Okay, I know where to find a copy but okay. Um, and so so that's it. That's all I wanted to I want to show you I think right like it's this, you know today it's a healthy balance of and this is where that you know, this is where Michael like we we guide clients to right like it can't be pure logic but it also can't be pure emotion. It can't be just pure promises but it can't be just pure proof support and evidence.

It's got to be this mix of two but at the root right the excuse me the promise the All has to feel big has to be transformational field transformational a big bold audacious promise true and believable but big bold audacious and so that's hard to get people to go for it's hard to get people to. You know to commit to yeah it is. I mean, like look, you know, I always say like this is this is where you know, and and then we'll we'll wrap with we'll wrap with this is that you know, people ask, you know, I'm I know Michael you deal with this all the time with our clients people ask all the time. Like, how do you How do you nail the promise like what it how do you how do you nail the promise? Oh number one, right.

You've got to identify something tangible and measurable that you can promise right? Like you got to nail something tangible and measurable that you can promise and here's the thing. It's got to be true. Right and of course it's it's got to be believable believable is also dependent on the amount of proof support and evidence that you have but it's got to be right. It's got to be specific and and I'll measurable.

It's got to be tangible. But it also really needs to be should be something that is big bold and audacious. And so the reality is is that right? Like it's got to be exciting if the only thing that you can promise that is specific and concrete and tangible measurable. Is a very tiny promise then yeah, you're gonna struggle.

That's the reality. You've got you you've got to find either something that you know, this is why when I was talking about a top one the types of ideas that I look for right to, you know, the types of ideas that get me excited to create marketing campaigns around our ideas. That would allow me to present a true and believable big bold and audacious promise period right and so you you want both big bold audacious, but you also need to put need to promise something that is specific and concrete and tangible and so like we always start with what is the thing that right? What is the thing that you could promise to people that they could experience? You're not saying that everybody will experience it.

I'm not I'm not making a promise here that I know 100% of the people are gonna experience because I have no control over what it is that they do. I don't know somebody's motivation. I don't know whether they're gonna fall through. I don't know whether they're gonna buy this and put On the shelf or leave it on their hard drive or do nothing with it, but I do want to be able to present a specific and measurable promise. That's big bold and audacious that I know somebody can experience if they execute on this.

And so make sense. Right? Like if they execute on this and usually for me right where where we go, right? I always want to be able to prove it. And so I look for like the evidence the support that we can present that shows that it is achievable that shows that it is that what we're saying they can experience they can experience.

I'm not looking for one person from our tribe like that experience that I may be looking for more than that, but I'm looking for what is the biggest boldest most audacious promise I can present of a specific concrete and measurable outcome period You need it, right and and and so think about it. That's all she wrote for today. Appreciate you guys hanging out with me and sharing your arm your insights. Think about it the drama don't write the magnitude the transformation. Um, and the detail that was included in here cool.

Cool. All right, you're out. Thank you guys have an amazing day.
