---
title: "cc_2022-06-28"
date: 2022-06-28
duration: 42m
duration_seconds: 2556
vimeo_id: 724980049
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-06-28

**Date:** 2022-06-28 | **Duration:** 42m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

Oh, okay. So what I want to do this week is I want to talk a little bit about editing copy and we're not so much gonna get into the Weeds on. You know like the Nitty Gritty detail of sentin structure and you know and paragraph length and specific word choice, but I want to cover some of the big picture things that that I look at that I look for kind of the passes that I do after I write the first draft and so I'd love for being that, you know, we're recording this Michael for for the rest of the crew. This would be an opportunity for you to really even share also some insights on how you go ahead and and edit copy and kind of look at the editing of the copy and whatnot. So I want to before I jump in I got a little slide that I want to share with a handful of bullets of what I look at before I do that, you know, I want to be clear that for me and I know that writing copy or creating copy is a unique process to everybody.

Everybody's got kind of a different way to to do it for me. I number one and I've shared this before whenever I'm writing. Copy I'm usually talking out loud. I'm not recording my audio and transcribing it. I just don't like that but I am talking out loud.

So ultimately what I'm doing is I'm typing really what it is that I'm saying and for me that's a big part in capturing the the conversational tone and really just capturing the way that I would say something the way that I would present something. So ultimately my goal is to capture in print what it is that ultimately I would say if I was saying it the other thing is that I'm really attempting to the best of my ability to get the stuff out of my head and get it down on paper. And so I'm not going back and editing and writing and editing and writing kind of at the same time. I'm trying to just write I'm trying to get this out of my head. I'm not worried at all or concerned with um order or flow or exact wording or anything like that during the first draft.

So my aim is to just get it out of my head. Whatever it is that I'm thinking right now. I want to get it out of my head get it down on paper as quickly as I can and then clean it up organize it make sure that it that it flows do the things that look at the things that we're gonna look that we're gonna talk about right now, right really dialing it in during the editing not during the first draft. The other thing and this is really important and it's kind of in line with this whole idea of you know of not going back and forth between writing and editing is that you know, I'm not constantly reading the copy from the first line in other words, right? What a lot of people do whether they will it publicly admit it or not is they write copy and then they stop and then they'll go back and they'll read and then they write copy and then they go back and they and they read and they're constantly going back right and reading as they are writing this radically slows down the the process and it starts to make you think about things like order and flow and am I nailing all the points or did I miss something and so right for me that is all that's all really done in the editing process after I get it down on paper.

So the goal for me is to get it out of my head get it down on paper as quickly as I can and do it in a way where it matches my the way that I would speak the way that I would communicate so like it's been said before copy is really much closer to or really is the spoken word written down then the written word and so right there's a difference between the way we speak and the way that we typically write we're trying to match the way that we speak with our our words and so with that Let me do this. Let me pull this bad boy up and let's just rock and roll and so like I said what we're what we're talking about here and there's just a handful of of things that I that I that I look at and in many of these cases, what I used to do was I used to do individual passes of the copy for each one of these and certainly as I've as I've matured and I've gotten better at this I'm able to look at multiple things through through certain passes like and when I say pass I mean, all right, I've got the first draft now, I'm gonna go through the copy and I'm gonna look for specific things right like these bullets. I'm gonna look at these these bullets. And what I used to do was I used to for example, the very first thing that I look for writing, you've heard me talk about this. I know that you've talked to our clients and students about this Michael is I look for copy that is irrelevant.

And so in this context when I'm when I'm saying copy, I look for ideas. I look for Is I look for paragraphs. I look for things that are being covered that are really irrelevant to the argument. And so for me living breathing with the E5 method, I know that right that are campaign thesis statement the the buying belief that we are ultimately leaning towards that's my North Star and I know that ultimately everything that I'm trying to say and do and present and show and demonstrate is there to ultimately lead the prospect to that campaign thesis to accepting that buying belief. And so I'm able to put everything through through that filter of does this move the prospect one step closer to accepting the thesis right?

Does this move the prospect one step closer to accepting the unique mechanism as the solution or does this have the feeling of value? Does this seem interesting? Does this seem valuable does this demonstrate? How how smart I am but it's not leading the prospect one step closer to accepting the thesis. So for me, one of the very first things that I always look at is what is irrelevant.

What is unnecessary? And ultimately what I'm looking for is I'm looking for copy that I can trim. I'm looking for copy that is almost in in my language is really stagnant. Meaning that not the word choice itself is stagnant. Not that it's not action oriented copy not I'm not talking about not you know it is it verb driven or not.

I'm talking about it's stagnant in that it's not moving the prospect closer to the To the campaign thesis in some cases right there. There are instances where the copy it's not only Irrelevant in that it's not moving. It's not moving prospects closer to accepting the campaign thesis but in some cases it's moving the prospects away. Like it might be moving them towards almost a different campaign thesis or giving them something different to think about moving them in a different direction that to me is also um irrelevant copy and so the very first thing that I look for is just what is not relevant to the the objective of this particular message, which is always driven by the campaign thesis and so anything Michael that having worked with so many different clients and E5 campaigns that you would add to that idea of relevance or irrelevance. Yeah.

Just one thing that I tell all the clients to do is take a sticky note or something write their thesis down and put it on the wall. Right next to the computer. It's either that or make sure it's at the top of every document so that they can constantly look at it. But that's yeah, that's usually my advice. Yeah, and it's it really is a great piece of advice always keeping out in front of you what what the destination is.

It's kind of like, you know, it's this, you know that this idea of you know, we're in the we're in the car and we're we're going somewhere and we've determined what that destination is and right it's not a matter of like are we you know, we're we're driving 75 miles an hour. We're hitting every Green Light. It's a matter of making sure that we're doing that and we're moving in the right direction because you could be driving 75 miles an hour hitting no traffic getting all green lights and going in the wrong direction. And so you always got to make sure that you keep that destination out in front of you and really ultimately what we're what we're trying to do here. Is it we're trying to peel away everything that is not necessary, you know at the at the end of the day, you know, it it's it's Interesting thing right and Michael you and I could probably talk about this for for hours.

You know, there's a whole discussion on Long copy for short copy and people ask, you know, especially new to the world of direct response. They ask what's the ideal length of a piece of copy and how long should it be? And how long is too long and all that? And the reality is is that I want to present an airtight Rock Solid emotional emotionally compelling intellectually interesting argument that proves my thesis in an ideal world. I want to do that with the least number of words sentences paragraphs phrases that I possibly can.

So I'm not looking to artificially fluff up any message to make it longer than necessary. I don't want it long. I'd rather it short if I could say one sentence and that could convince somebody of the campaign thesis then that's all it's gonna be right. So I'm not looking to say more than necessary. I'm also not willing to say less than necessary.

But the point is that That the ideal is tight and pithy. It's tight. It's pithy. It's on point and there's no excess words. There's no excess sentences.

There's no excess paragraphs. We're not saying more than what is necessary. So this is about making sure that we're not kind of Meandering that we're not going off on tangents that we're not covering things that aren't moving the sale forward. So to speak by moving the prospect closer and closer to the campaign thesis cutting out everything that is unnecessary so that we're only left with what it is that we need. No less no more and so cool.

Cool. Okay. Good. Next is um is confusing and oftentimes right? This is some sometimes this is the prospect hasn't really thought through the argument or the or the cpb chunk.

Right? Like what they're trying to ultimately get the prospect to accept and so because they haven't really thought it through they're not themselves crystal clear on how to articulate it how to how to say it how to communicate it. And so sometimes they're explanation comes across as hard to follow as confusing. I know that you have seen this, you know more times than than we care to admit but where it's um, the just the logic behind it is is either flawed or is just complex the way that they are explaining it. The reality is is that it's really our job to take the complex and make it simple.

It's not our job to take the simple and make it complex. It's not our job. Make things on sound more complex than what they really are. We want to make sure that we are explaining things in the simplest manner possible because at the end of the day what matters is that the prospect understands what it is that we are we're saying the other thing is that oftentimes at writing you've you've seen me say this numerous times to to clients and E5 students. That is that, you know, oftentimes they'll they'll say something they'll have this this paragraph or this string of sentences and I'll say to them.

Well, what were you trying to say in that paragraph and I'll say well, you know, I was trying to say that this is easy and right and I would say to them. Well, why didn't you just say this is easy and then back it up with with proof with evidence with support like when in doubt say it say it in it's simplest form don't this is not the time or the place to try to sound smart to try to use big words. This is the I'm in the place to convey things in a simple easy to understand manner. It's also why the you know, the Kind of in line with this the whole slice Kincaid score, right? Why you know Mark Ford, even the folks at at Agoura AWA.

I while these these folks kind of preach this idea of low FK score low FK score is this score right? Is this free thing that that this free kind of test that you can put writing through and it gives you a grade level and Mark used to say right like that. He he only wanted seven or below the lower the better the lower the better the lower the better not because it wasn't articulate not because it didn't mean that it wasn't conveying and interesting topic or that it wasn't and intellectual piece. It's that it's easy to understand. It's easy to comprehend.

It's easy to follow if we make our prospects think we have lost the game. They're not coming here engaging with our marketing to think they're gonna save that for Are editorial for essays for other things that they're interested in? If we if we are making them think we are we're heading down a slippery slope. And so I look for confusing things that are confusing and I either look for ways to simplify it simplify the the way that we're explaining the idea maybe potentially look for a metaphor to to really take the complex and make it something for the the prospect to to grasp. Sometimes I will without getting too deep in here.

Sometimes I do look at sentence structure. And so if there's a very long sentence that is kind of hard to follow right can we break it down into smaller simpler, you know statements or or sentences and so I'm looking at looking for confusing and I'm looking can I simplify it if I don't feel for whatever reason that I can simplify it which is a more often than not you can simplify it. But if I can't simplify it then I'm gonna see if I can cut it. I'm gonna cut it from the copy all together and Certainly ask myself. If I cut this from the copy.

Does it leave a gap in the in the argument in the message? And if the answer is no then I cut it again. I'm looking always for right I want to take the what's potentially confusing and I want to simplify it. And so anything that you would add to that Michael. Oh, you're muted.

Yeah, sorry. Um. No, I I agree with everything you you said one of the struggles that a lot of our Prospect. I mean our our clients have is that they'll have a mechanism with a lot of steps in it. You know what?

I mean and they struggle to get all of those steps while they're explaining what the mechanism is. Yeah. Well, you know, so look I I think you know, it's an interesting right and it goes a little bit beyond the scope of this of this call and maybe what we'll do is maybe next week if you'll be on with everybody else with us. Maybe we can address that and how do you deal with these seemingly complex, you know mechanisms, but you know, the the reality is just because a unique mechanism. Has a lot of complexity and potentially a lot of steps doesn't mean that you have to cover all of that complexity and all those steps, right?

So you don't need like again even with the unique mechanism what we really just need to cover is enough to show the prospect that this is not only different but it's Superior. And so if hypothetically there are you know, there are half a dozen subsystems, you know, you know sub unique mechanisms that make up this this overall framework. That doesn't mean that we have to cover in depth all all six if we can cover two of the six. And that demonstrates to the um to the prospect that yes, this mechanism is not only different but it's Superior in in how we articulate explain give evidence and support for two of the six, you know sub mechanisms. Then that's good enough.

So often even when I'm talking about the E5 method, I'm not getting in like when I'm giving a presentation on let's say the E5 method from a marketing perspective, you know oftentimes, I'm not getting into the nitty-gritty details of the examination stage often. I'm not even getting into the nitty-gritty details on the evaluation stage or what is an MDF or what are the metrics that we look at how why we start with the house file, you know, and then ultimately how we enhance a campaign. Usually I'm never even talk about like the enhancing stage or even the um expanding stage. I'm really focusing on what makes an E5 campaigns so unique and usually I'm talking about things like the big idea the The unique mechanism and that's it. Right and sometimes I just talk about the unique mechanism and demonstrate right the hat but the necessity of a unique mechanism and why it's so effective at a at at leading prospects to want the offer before we ever even presented.

And so you don't always have to explain everything you just have to explain enough to achieve the objective. And so remember this goes back to right like what we're ultimately trying to do is we're not trying to present every claim and every possible piece of evidence and support that we can for our argument. We're presenting the claims and the support and the argument that we need to to establish the thesis and so if I could do that with half of the evidence that I have in front of me, well, then I'll do it with half the evidence and so right at the end of the day, it's all about the achievement of the objective. It's not like we need to pack in everything. There is no rule that says you have to explain every part of your Flex unique mechanism in order to in order to make the sale.

You just have to explain enough to demonstrate what makes it different and Superior to every other to every other mechanism. And so next on this list is unbelievable. And this is you know, there are kind of two sides to this. This is a biggie, right? So these aren't in any these aren't in the in order of priority per se to the to the copy but unbelievable is is obviously one of the most important elements or making it believable is one of the most important elements of having an effective marketing campaign.

We know that the arguably the number one reason why prospects don't buy is because they don't believe that they'll reap the rewards that the marketer is saying that's the number one reason right? Because the majority of people would buy if they believed that if they believe what the marketer was saying that it's as easy as it is it's as fast as it is it'll it'll perform exactly the way that you're you're telling me that I can do it that I'm not gonna have any problems that it's gonna solve all my pain and discomfort and whatnot. And so there are two sides to to what makes something unbelievable number one is the claim that we Making and so this requires a you know, a bit of understanding of the of the marketplace of what the marketplace like where the marketplace is at in their in their belief their understanding and what have they seen before and and heard before so if hypothetically we said right take this pill and you'll lose a hundred pounds by tomorrow morning, which is obviously a it's a lie, of course, there is no pill that would do that. I wish there was but the reality is is that the the claim is so audacious that the reality is is that it's gonna trigger disbelief. It's gonna trigger that BS detector right away.

And so we've got to be sensitive to are we making claims that are Beyond believability for the prospect? So we have to know the Prospect and we have to know what it is that is beyond their mental grasp like right and we have that we have to know what is extremely hard to believe. What is ultimately going to trigger that that BS detector for what it's worth? The same holds true with with testimonials and case studies. So we have a lot of testimonials in case studies of really incredible results and I'll say that you know, you know Monster Monster results, like life-changing results of individuals, you know, like when you know, Todd Herman came down he you know, Todd Herman came down to meet with me in West Palm twice after the first time Todd Herman.

I'll tell you why he came down the second time came down the first time and we spent a day together nailed his E5 campaign and the alter ego and all that kind of stuff. He went back and he did a launch and then he did this launch based on the E5 campaign and did something like 800 Grand within the first 20 hours or whatever of the of the cart being opened somewhere, right? I share the text with his permission that he sent me saying card open 800,000 in the first 20 hours and then he went on to to generate multiple millions of dollars. That's by the way why Todd came back a second time because when the first time you experience results like that, I think it's wise to to do it again, but the reality is I don't share that in a lot of presentations often and there are many others similar to to that because it's very hard for the average individual to like that that number one it's very hard for them to believe. It's also not even really what they care about.

It's not what they're aiming for right? It's not what they're after they're you know, many of these people are after they that their hope is if I can generate an additional 10 grand a month I'd be you know, my life would be changed for Are forever and so right you have to be sensitive to what it is that they are that that they're going to immediately resist on the claim side. Of the other side of the the equation and where we go. Most often is are you providing enough support evidence proof to back up the claim and so right. This is the whole like, you know, you've made a claim obviously a Clinton no one claim.

No claim should be bigger than the biggest proof point you have for it, right? So another words, you know, and I'm very sensitive to this just in the in the in the in the wild in the real world of sometimes I hear people make a claim and then they offer a proof point and I'm like that doesn't really prove what it is that you're saying that may prove that something works but it doesn't prove that. It works to the capacity that you're claiming. So you're kind of offering proof for a portion of your statement not the full statement. And so ultimately right.

This is it's an interesting thing and it's a conversation that we can have. I that we could spend a long time talking about this but it's often why this is why it's so important that you really you. You you collect your proof, right? You've got you've got claims and and we're collecting proof and evidence and support and reasoning to back up why people should believe the claims that we're making but then ultimately once we've done that we have to look at our proof and then look at the claims and make sure the claims aren't bigger than the proof that we have right because we have to match the claims to the proof what ultimately I would rather make a smaller claim and this is important. I'd rather make a smaller claim or a bunch of smaller claims that I could back up with concrete irrefutable evidence and support then make a bunch of bigger claims based on week or fragile evidence.

And so I'm always matching my claims to the proof right? I'm certainly I'm starting. Out by these are the claims that I want to make let me get all the proof then before I write anything. I'm gonna look at the proof and I'm going to say does this prove? Beyond a shadow of a doubt in my mind.

Does this prove the claim? If not in the claim is bigger than the proof that I have. I'm going to reduce the claim because ultimately I need believe ability people need to believe what it is that you are saying. I'd rather them believe a smaller claim than question a bigger claim. And so Michael, is there anything that you would add to that?

No, okay. Good. Okay. I like it. So next one is boring and Meandering and this is a bit tied to confusing and so right and also Michael you you know, you've seen this you've seen all of this, you know, but with with clients and students, but this kind of you know, a little bit goes back to irrelevant.

It goes a little bit back to confusing and that's why when I'm looking at irrelevant confusing. I'm also looking for now. I'm able to spot boring Meandering and so Boring in Meandering could have really been put into two different bullets. So Meandering to me is again is when you're just going off on tangents, you're you're talking about things that you don't need to be talking about. You're kind of your your rambling you're going off topic.

You're the prosecutor presenting a case, but you're now kind of going off into these other kind of very ancillary far off Concepts that the jury doesn't really need to understand. They don't need to hear they don't need to believe and so you're kind of Meandering you're wandering off the path. So the way that I always look at campaigns and the message is right. We have a path, you know, call it the yellow brick road, right and we're leading folks to Oz I don't want to at any point kind of guide them off that path. I don't want ever I want to keep them on that path.

I want to build a wall around that path so that we can get to the, you know to Oz to the destination to the campaign thesis as efficiently and Effectively as we possibly can boring is a little bit different in that boring. Maybe just the way that we are were sharing too many facts one after another we're sharing too many stats one after another. Yes, that could be confusing but let's assume that it is relevant, right? It is relevant to the to the to the message. But if we share too many facts back to back to back too many stats too many numbers if we give you know statements from you know, three different research documents to to back up our message it can become boring.

And so I look for copy where it's kind of like, yeah, you know what I start to I put myself in the prospect shoes and I ask myself like what brought them here. What are they interested in? What are they battling with? What are they dealing with? What are they ultimately want to experience?

Am I risking losing them here? Like is this a part of the copy where they can begin to, you know to check? Out right because it's not it's not moving. The velocity of Revelation is is too slow. It's not we're not we're not moving them.

And so I look to see if I can improve the the drama add in more drama or if not, can I cut it and will it leave a gap in the in the argument if it won't leave a gap in the argument? Number one if it won't leave a gap in the argument anything if it won't leave a gap in the argument that I cut it out, right like it's unnecessary. Then I cut it out. But so boring Meandering anything that you add to that Michael. Um, just a quick question like when you're doing this editing.

How much of the audience are you keeping in your head as you're as you're going through these I am keeping? Yeah, it's it is like it is it's always I try to put myself in the audience's um shoes. I try to look, you know, I try to kind of look through their goggles if you will and that's why I I'm always reminding myself. What brought them here. What are they dealing with?

Right? What are they trying to overcome? What are they ultimately want? What do they care about that that originally got them interested in this and in this chunk of copy. Am I risking?

Um losing them. Am I am I kind of going off a little bit too long? Am I did I did I have Too much copy that like too much space in between tying it back to them. Meaning you've heard me say before right. I always try to like this is why with you know with cpb chunks, right?

We claim proof benefit benefit what's in it what it means for the Prospect and we've we've talked about before I always try to tie things back to the prospect as frequently as I can. Right and so sometimes right. We have a chunk of copy and I'm like, wow, it's been a while since I've used the word you or yours or what this means for you is or so what this will do for you is so you or right so you can feel this way. And so I start to look for these gaps through the lens of as a prospect knowing what it is that I know about them. Does this risk losing them?

And so does that make that answer the question? Yeah. Thank you. Okay. You got it.

Uhm. So next is verbose and you know, some of these of course are a little bit, you know, if some of these are a little bit subjective that you know, I mean, you know, you could make the case that you know, a boring is subjective right verbose some people use a lot more words when they when they talk when they communicate and then other people and so it certainly could be subjective. But in this context what I'm ultimately looking for the reason why the reason why I said it this way I could have said this a lot of different ways. I look for our this is really where I'm getting into sentence structure. And so I'm looking for words that I can cut from the the copy.

I'm looking for a simpler sentence structure, right? So sometimes we can you know, we will sometimes we have run on you know, like long sentences long paragraphs and so I'm looking for are there words that I can cut are there any opportunities to replace two words with one word like, you know instead of an adverb and a verb, is there a better verb that I can use to replace those two words, you've heard me say before, you know the word that can often be cut from copy and so like I'm looking really to trim I want to make it pithy. I you know and it goes beyond the scope of again of this of this training. This is something that is that I covered in the a the copywriting workshop, but you know there is value to flow in copy and what I really mean by that is just short choppy Punchy sentences. That hit right.

They not only they bring down the FK score. They make it easier to read it gives the feeling of momentum and so I'm I'm always looking to trim like I'm always looking for a way to write simpler sentences, right? I know that that is right. So after I've gotten that first draft out then I'll go back and I'll look at okay now, can I tighten this up? Can I shorten this up?

Can I eliminate a word? Can I eliminate a phrase replace this phrase with one word or sometimes I look at the way that I said it maybe I can say it a little differently so that it goes from an eight word sentence to a five word sentence all of that stuff adds up. And so when in doubt right ultimately this goes back to that whole idea of cutting fluff cutting excess words cutting excess phrases or changing, you know, more complex sentences into simpler sentences. And so next is a telling verse showing and so you know that this idea here is right that you know, their that copy that is more enjoyable to read to consume which ultimately keeps people consuming is copy that has Dimension that has pictures that that has detail right as Dimension to it. And so I'm looking for copy where I'm telling that I can replace with copy that shows and so is there how would you kind of explain the difference to of that Michael telling her showing?

um, I would say just a conveying an experience or like if you could imagine it if you can see it in your mind's eye that sort of thing then it that's helpful. Yeah, it's almost like and I know you're not supposed to use words in their in their definition, but it's almost like you know. Telling is when you are stating a fact about this subject whether you know, like the you know, the car is fast, right? You're you're telling them you're you're stating a fact about the thing and ultimately you're telling them a fact so that that hopefully they can conjure an image in their mind showing is when you are presenting that image so we could say um, you know, the the car, you know, the car is fast, right or you could say, you know, um, he gunned it, you know, he gunned it and went from zero to 60 in three seconds, you know, or was you know, that is more of showing I didn't have to say that by saying right. He gunned it and went from zero to 60 and three seconds, right you now know that the car is fast, so right it's the difference between are you starting with the fact in hopes?

The prospect being able to conjure the image or are you giving the image right so that the prospect can then walk away with the fact and it's that one. It's the showing it's the giving them the picture so that they can infer the fact that is much more enjoyable and compelling to read, you know copy that is just telling them right like, you know where it's it. It's the it'll do you know, it does this. It's this it's this it's this it's this it's this without ever painting a picture is very dry is very bland is very sterile. Right people.

We are you know, we're we're creatures that process things through creating imagery in our mind creating pictures in our mind creating movies in our mind. That's a type of creatures we are and that's why you've heard me say Michael we and we teach our clients. This idea that right like that, um that we we need to be able to give prospects the ability to Envision things and picture things in their mind because that's what triggers the emotion emotion comes from. What a prospect is seeing in their minds eye. It doesn't come from what we say to them.

It doesn't come from what we tell them right it comes from what they then conjure in their in their minds eye and copy that is absent of dimension of pictures. Right? It makes it brutally difficult for prospects to conjure that image in their minds eye and that's why that type of copy copy that is based on just telling telling telling telling absent of imagery and you know and pictures excuse me and movies if you will in their mind tend to trigger very little if any emotion, right because though that emotion comes from the prospect being able to sit back and envision the picture that we just gave them right that you know, like Rather than saying you'll get sales every day. Um kind of thing, right like you'll get sales every day. It's this idea of you know, like you could you know soon next week you'll be waking up every morning jumping on to your Gmail account seeing dozens of new sale order, um notifications that's showing right that's showing right that creates like now I can sit back as a prospect and be like, whoa, that's huge That's so exciting.

Like I can envision myself. I can Envision call my wife over I can Envision doing it while having a cup of coffee like right, but the you'll have dozens of sales every day is what do I Envision? What do I picture right and so very um, very difficult. I'm gonna pick it up here and go quick through the through the remaining here because I'm running over and I got another meeting here. And so next one is I look for a copy.

That is me focused like focused on us using the words. I me my mind versus you focus. Ultimately we know that you know good copy is focused on the prospect right? I want to use the words, you know you and yours and you will and you are right you as often as I possibly can because we know that that's what the prospect cares about. That's why the prospect is here.

The prospect is here to understand how this is gonna impact their life. So they don't really care about like they don't care about us. They only care about us in the concept in the context of what does it mean for them? And so I'm looking for copy that is focused on me and I'm looking for can I change the the structure to make it focused on them? Right so I could say right?

I'm about to reveal XYZ I could Say you're about to see XYZ, right and and ultimately I'm saying the same thing but one is about me. The other is about the Prospect and so I'm always looking to make sure that the copy is focused on the prospects. I'm looking for these me focused to change them over to you focused. Next is I'm looking for you know, feature focused copy versus benefit focused and in this context. I'm not only talking about the offer portion, um of the of the campaign, but I'm just talking about like am I talking about the features the the facts of of the argument or on my really focusing on and driving home the benefit to the prospect in other words to me feature Focus benefit verse benefit focused in this context of the argument is if I'm just primarily focused on the argument like the XYZ method the unique mechanism Works quickly.

And the reason why is because of elementop right because you only need to click the mouse three times and write and it works in an instant and and blah blah. Well if that's what I'm primarily focused on and that's it. That is what I would call feature focused. It's the feature of the unique mechanism. So I always want to make sure that I'm bringing it.

And like what does that feature of the mechanism mean to the Prospect? And that's why we end every cpb chunk with the B claim proof benefit benefit right claim proof benefit. So what that means for you, so what that'll do for you so you can feel good knowing so you'll see this so you no longer have to struggle with this so you don't have to worry about x y z and so right I want to make sure that there's no there's no big chunks of copy that are absent of this benefit focus. It doesn't mean that we're not gonna have chunks of copy that are featured that are that our future focused. It just means that right.

I always want to make sure that I'm adding in the benefit Focus as well. And then the final one before we rap. Um, and I know I'm rushing through this for you Michael and the rest of the team watching the recording of this but that is just verb choice. So this is kind of a very last past of I just want to look to see are there better verbs are there more action oriented verbs are there, you know better verbs that I can use more specifically Most specifically right? You've heard me say before that good copy and I did I did not understand this early on right this this took me some time to really understand this but good copy is verb driven.

It's not adjective driven. It's not adverb driven, right? It is verb driven. It's verb driven because the right verbs are action. There's movement.

There's power good benefits convey, right or build on the back of excuse me. Good bullets are build on the back of good verbs rights stuff fill pack, uh flood right like verbs action movement. And so I'm looking to see number one are there individual verbs that I could replace with better more power more powerful verbs. Right? Can I replace the word embarrassed with or embarrassed with the word humiliate?

Right one that has more of a punch in the gut one that is more. Um, you know has a more of a visceral response. So is there a more powerful verb? And most certainly are there verbs that I am. I'm partnering with an adverb that can be replaced with a singular verb.

So our is there an adverb verb combination like walked, you know, leisurely walked. Well, right. Can I replace leisurely walk with strolled right? Isn't that a better singular verb than leisurely walked? And so when in doubt I'm looking for better verbs more powerful verbs and I'm looking for adverb verb combinations that I can um that I can replace with a single verb and so make sense.

Michael good. It sounds great. Yeah makes sense. Okay awesome that is it for today Michael go have an amazing day. This was a unique one with just you and I the team will be watching this via the recording, but that is all she wrote for today.

If you need anything Michael you let me know. If not have an amazing day brother. Thanks, Dad. Take care. Got it.

Bye.
