---
title: "cc_2022-11-01 16:30:27"
date: 2022-11-01
duration: 53m
duration_seconds: 3220
vimeo_id: 766188058
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-11-01 16:30:27

**Date:** 2022-11-01 | **Duration:** 53m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

All right. So what we're gonna do is we are going to take a look today at the copy for the for a recent promotion last week's promotion for the decade plus swipe file and I'm gonna go through and I'm gonna show you. A I'm gonna show you some copy chunks explain why I use the copy chunks, um in here a a and look I want to I want to make sure that I preface all this by saying I probably could have done a lot more work on this on this letter. So there were very little revisions done to this. So it was really I I want to say it was it was put together a little bit in haste and very little edits done here.

This was an interesting promotion for me because Because this is so different from really anything that we've done in the past. So for context we had these swipe files made, you know for me and ultimately for our top one folks. And the first time that we had these made for our top one folks. We in order to reach the discount or a certain discount. We ended up we ordered extra and so we ended up with like 31 extra units.

And so I said, all right. Let me put together a little video and offer these to a these 31 to a segment of our of our list and what I did was I just did an on-camera video of me unboxing this thing explaining it walking through it, which I'm going to talk about in just a second and then in the end I let them know that if you wanted one of the 31 whatever, you know, click the button below and Order and I believe that there was a little order form to go with it. And so we sold out of the 31 from that video. So there was no sales letter. There was very little support of copy or supporting copy outside of just some emails that went out.

And So based on that I said, I think that there, you know, we ended up after that getting also a number of requests from people who wanted to get access to the swipe file. And so we decided let's pull the trigger. Let's have 250 of these these bad boys made. Um, and then let's do a promotion for 250 of these now, let me back up for one second and just say that when I was saving all of these swipes for the last 10 plus years, there was no thought ever of offering it to anybody it was I was saving it for myself and we'll probably talk just a little bit about the the single most valuable thing that I did with the swipes to improve my improve my copy. Actually we will talk about that but there was no thought for me in I'm Gonna Save this I'm gonna do this and then one day I'm gonna I'm gonna offer it and so when it came time to do this promotion for these 250 units and Excuse me.

Look, you know 250 units that cost us a lot of money to have these things produced. Right each box of each set is was 22.4 pounds. I waited we used an image in the promotion in the copy. Uh, so cost an arm and a leg to ship. It cost us an arm and elect to have these things made.

We obviously had to have them in our fulfillment in the in the warehouse place and there's coordination of you know, fulfilling them. So there's a lot of a lot involved in this this was an interesting promotion for me because like I started to say this is wildly different from anything that we've done really in the past in that it's it is what it is. Right? Like there's not a whole lot of mystery to create with this like it is what it is. It's a it's a swipe file.

Um, there are things that you can do with the swipe file, but there's no You know, there's no unique mechanism in here while I'm going to show you a little bit of an argument. I really believed going into this that that the folks that we're gonna buy. This were folks that already understood the value of a swipe file and now wanted a one-of-a-kind swipe file a unique swipe file. They wanted access to things that they couldn't get anywhere else and that likely they'll never be able to get access to again. So my belief going in or my Approach going in was that that I was gonna be very direct kind of very straight highlight.

What makes this a what made this a unique swipe file and one of a kind opportunity and really Leverage The exclusivity angle the fact that we have 250 and that's it most you know, most people will not get this if you're one of the lucky few you'll have an advantage blah blah. And so that was my kind of you know approach. So, you know for in the spirit of transparency, it was a little bit difficult for me to write this because this was a type of promotion that I hadn't worked on a possibly ever right this this kind of very just direct like no unique mechanism no major Hulk like you either you either get it or you don't kind of thing. And so that makes sense like you get it, right? Okay.

Yeah. Absolutely. Okay. So now let's take a look at this. And what we're looking at is the inside of of clickfunnels.

I was too lazy to remove the redirect code so that we can look at the actual page. Um, and so uh, so let's just go from the the top down and I'm just gonna kind of explain my my thinking why went why I went with this approach and any questions that you have or any comments that you have or if you see a different angle then definitely chime in any time. So I started off with for serious students of direct response, um marketing for the first and only time ever 25 sets of the rarest marketers tool now available to the public, so I wanted to stress up here like first of all I wanted to Because I wasn't creating this argument to convince people of the value of a swipe file. Like I didn't want it. I didn't want to take the approach.

I didn't believe it was the right approach to try to convince people of the value of a swipe file. I felt like this was for the serious student of direct response. Not the person who doesn't know the value of a swipe file. Like I really felt like it would be a difficult job for me to and and unnecessary with 250 units to try to take the person who doesn't already know the value of US, why file and then teach them convince them and then introduce um, this swipe file at this price point. That's why I said for the serious students of direct response marketing, um for the first and only time ever so kind of you know, exclusivity right like exclusivity and urgency.

Up at the top here and then 10 years of every marketing promo. The best marketer secretly used with Direct Mail only to get a fast bike in sales now. I'll tell you the part of this that and this was literally the I believe the only headline that I wrote. I might have tweaked this ever so slightly but this was the only this was the only headline that I wrote for this the part that I kind of agonized over a little bit or really I should say I struggled with a little bit was the with Direct Mail only and some of this Teddy came from your initial comments of Right. Like is this our people going to think that this is only for them if they do direct mail and because this is direct mail.

It's not gonna be um for them and I struggled with that a little bit and I'll show you in a second how I tried to combat that early on in the in the deck copy. The reason why I said, um with Direct Mail only in this context, so you understand. My thinking was that I didn't want to allow folks to think that these were swipes that they could find online. Right? Like I didn't want them to think, you know, if it just said 10 years of every marketing promo the best marketer secretly used to get a fast bike in sales, right?

It would it would in my mind allow prospects or folks to think that well, maybe they saw these maybe they're already aware of these. Maybe they can find these online. Maybe this is more of the same and so my way of kind of trying to say That no, these were used with Direct Mail only right? That was my way of just really driving home the point that if all you are looking at is online stuff, you did not see this and so does that make sense? Yeah, yeah.

Okay. Yeah, perfect sense. Okay, and then um and then I've got the see everything mailed by the best marketers on the planet Dan Kennedy Frank, Kern Russell Brunson blah blah. And so this was right like, um, a, you know, I wanted to bring you know, I certainly didn't cover everybody. Obviously that that made up this white file or everybody that every male or that's in this white file, but I wanted to put the The recognizable names early on now the interesting thing for what it's worth is in the swipe copy that we used with Partners.

So for this was the the first time in a very long time that we did anything with Partners, which I got a once again give credit where credit is due. This was really that was your your doing Teddy you came with a great idea to open this up to to eight or nine Partners, whatever it was and that's what we we did. So it was a very small partner promoted release of this bad boy because the partners were more in the copywriting space, um in the in the copywriting space when I so if we go back from one second so over here, I believe I said in it. So some of the things some of this was used in the in the swipe copy whenever I talked about like the rarest marketers tool it was the rarest copywriters tool whenever it was like was direct response marketing and copy over here. The interesting thing was in In most of the swipe copy for these folks that have copywriter lists.

This order was different. So I had like the Agora companies upfront. I believe like it the order was different because I I know that the folks that copywriters respect like they're not looking at let's say necessarily Frank Kern or Russell Brunson. They're looking at the Agora companies. They're looking at Robert Kiyosaki Stansberry Research Newsmax.

And so I front loaded those names a little bit more for um for the for the copyrighters. Uh, go ahead. Does anybody anybody have anything to say about that? No, okay good. So the video that was used in here was an edited version of the original video that I did and so because I felt like it was an on camera unboxing video.

There were a lot of little cool things. Like if you watch the video one of the things that you'll notice is that so and I believe it was um, Teddy Kyle at the last top one Mastermind experience talked about you know, let's say in a long form sales that are having a picture and being like you see the picture, you know, you see the thing that I'm holding in my hand right here right as kind of a a grabber if you will it's kind of a you know, and and attention getter. And so I had the bot in this video. I had the box next to me and I had this question mark written on the on the box and so I immediately pointed to like the box like you see this box in this box is and And then what I did was I started to open it. So I took a knife and I sliced it was I it was totally unopened when I had when I first recorded that video and so I started to open up the box.

Like I said, let's open up the box and I started to open up the box and then I continued talking so I sliced it open and then I continued talking and then I sliced it open a little bit more and I continued talking so kind of like this, um, just building anticipation. So rather than just pointing to the box and then opening it and showing it I started to open it letting them know that you're gonna see inside this this box, but then I talked a little bit more and then I cut more and I was talking a little bit more and then finally, um, finally got to it. So rather than just kind of pointing to the box and then talking potentially leaving them to feel like well as you can open the boxes, you're not gonna open the boxes. He's gonna show me what's inside. I did this little kind of piece by piece talk piece by piece talk.

Oh and I felt like I did a good job of really articulating in the video not only the value of the swipe file, but the ways that you can use the swipe file to really impact sales customer Generation all that stuff. So I I just edited the video and I chopped off the parts where I talked about 31 31 copies. And so that video was the original video that we used slightly tweaked with the original 31 sets. I and then I go down here and this is where right you call it in the deck copy. It's below the fold but it's it would still be considered deck copy.

I got the swipe and deploy for your online funnels. And so I really took to heart what Teddy said what you said Teddy because I think that it's spot on right that that like can I use this online since the majority of people aren't doing a whole lot of offline stuff and so I immediately just went into Swipe and apply swipe and deploy for your online funnels from over 4,000 pages of marketing genius. Your competitors will never see. So again that your competitors will never see that little bit of exclusivity extra Advantage. Right?

Like I'm gonna get access to stuff that they're not going to get access to playing off of that Vibe and then a kind of unpacking this is really the gist if you will of The the message that I wanted to communicate like these two lines right here are really the gist of the point that I wanted to get across the best marketers on the planet created these promotions and paid big money to send them via Direct Mail only so you'll be swiping and modeling from the best copy and the best offers from the best marketers in the game today. So I want to point out a couple things here, right? So in other words, like like look these are these promotions were created by the best marketers on the planet. They paid big money to send them out via Direct Mail Right meaning like right, they're not playing around with this. It's one thing to throw up a campaign online and not have it cost you any money to do that as a test as a trial.

It's another thing to spend big money on a direct mail campaign. So you got the best marketer spending big money on a campaign implying that right. They go the distance with the campaigns. So you'll be swiping and modeling from the best copy the best offers from the best marketers in the game today. And so the thing that I want you to notice just a little Nuance is In Teddy, you heard me talk about this at the last top one experience is um is is the flow the the kind of the the argument structure or the structure of a point?

Remember Teddy when I showed at I showed that Dove ad and I'll have to get this for you Michael and I'll make sure that I include this for everybody that we send these recordings to remember Teddy when I showed that Dove ad and I showed how it was disconnected. There were no there were no, um, how can I explain this for folks? There were no words or phrases used to show how one sentence connected to another right? Remember that right? And so when I say right the best marketers, I'm created this paid big money.

So you will meaning because of that you'll be swiping and modeling from the best copy, right? So it's it's this connection. It's this it's not just this it's not these disconnected disjointed sentences. It's this is what this is about right swipe and deploy for your online funnels from over 4000 Pages marketing genius or competitors will never see best marketers on the planet created these bad boys. They pay big money for these bad boys.

So because of that you'll be swiping and modeling from blah blah blah. The other thing that I want you to see here a little Nuance is when I said from the best copy the best offers the best marketers. So I use the word best three times intentionally. That's a rhetorical device. Right?

Like it has more of a flow to it than if I just said from the best copy and the most outrageous offers from the top marketers, right? It doesn't have the same rhetorical flow and feel remember that there is a you know, and and I believe that not to keep talking about the top one Mastermind experience, but that it was John Benson that talked about there's a musicality to good copy to good rhetoric right the best copy and the best offers from the best marketers in the game today. That's a rhetorical device. And so I use that intentionally Oh now one of the things that you'll notice in here and is you'll notice these yellow these yellow kind of quotes over here. So here's one.

Here's one. Here's one. Here's one over here. The yellow quotes were my somewhat weak attempt at bringing in outside credibility to show the value of a good swipe file. So, Dan Kennedy said you can easily swipe ideas from most.

From other marketers and make them work for your Market. In fact, this is where most of your ideas will come from. Right? And so reinforcing the value of Dan Kennedy is saying that most of your ideas will come from other marketers that you quote unquote that you swipe that you model down here. This was a quote if you swipe and model from average ordinary marketing campaigns, why would you expect to get extraordinary results for your own funnels this you're gonna see in a second was to support the claim that I was making over here about swiping from a good swipe file the difference between a good swipe file and just a swipe file down here right get yourself a collection of good ads and Direct Mail pieces, right?

And so this is to support the value of the fact that this was direct mail, right and then down here. You can't beat a good swipe for deep insight and inspiration and so in other words, just trying to add some of some Side credibility to the value of a of a swipe file rather than rather than doing it in an argument form because I just again I just didn't feel like that was the approach to take good Teddy. Did you have a process for like do you just recall Dan said that somewhere and you happen to know where he said it or like what's the process for finding that stuff? No, so I do the research. No, so I mean I I figured That Dan had to talk about swipes that there had to be these credible individuals talking about swipes right?

I didn't come up with the idea of swipes. And so I know that sometime ago, I heard people talking about swipes people that I respected. And so I knew that there had to be quotes out there. So just like anybody else. I went out and and researched and Googled and and dove into websites and um and scanned.

Um, some books to see like if I could find stuff on so no, I I found those I had no idea what I what I was gonna find and who ultimately I was gonna quote so I didn't start out thinking to myself. I need Dan Kennedy Gary Halbert Brian Kurtz. Um, but I certainly immediately I was like Dan Kennedy swipe Gary Halbert swipe, you know, and so I found them and so I researched to find the support that I was hoping that I'd be able to include in here. Okay. Uh, you'll see be one of only 250 marketers in copyrighters to ever get access to the marketing genius inside this rare monster collection.

So another thing that you'll notice here for time purposes. Let me just go through this quickly is you'll notice you've heard me say before repetition right repetition and so over here, right a 250 sets of the rare rare a B for the first time and only time ever 256 the rarest blah blah over here. Then I just say be one of only 250 marketers and copyrighters. So exclusivity right exclusivity to ever get access to the um to the to the marketing genius inside this rare monster collection over a decade in the making really just saying the same thing that I said over here over 10 years of every of every marketing promo right now over here. I'm just saying over a decade in the making Um, this was added in after so some of these you'll see like this was added in after like meaning Midway through the promotion.

This was added in after I believe the like some of the comments in here were these were added in along the way. And so they weren't there the day that we um launched if you look at this first part over here, you'll just see that this is a pure again, exclusivity play 99% of market copyrighters and marketers have never seen these campaigns and never will today is your chance and extremely rare and limited chance to be one of only 250 people who ever get access to these perfected yet hidden marketing campaigns the idea of perfected meaning going back here to they pay big money for these right? These are the best marketers. They pay big money for this. They go the distance with these campaigns.

No, no, none of the best marketers the top marketers the top direct response marketing companies throw stuff together for um, Direct Mail. I'm not saying that all Direct Mail nowhere nowhere in here nor whenever when I did these live streams with Partners never did. I just say that you want a direct mail because there's a lot of direct mail. That's just garbage from local business owners. I said direct mail from the best.

Marketers the best direct response marketers or what you want because the best direct I know the best direct response marketers know their numbers the best direct response marketers are not only not only have the chops, but tend to go the distance with their excuse me direct mail and many direct response marketers will test certain offers online. And then once the offer is proven online, then they'll take it in build a full Direct Mail campaign around that offer that they proved. So um, so that's perfected yet hidden hidden in this context was my way of talking about um that they used it in direct mail only meaning it's hidden because it's hidden from most marketers most copyrighters because most marketers and copyrighters are only looking at online campaigns. They're only swiping from online campaigns and they're not on the back end lists of most of these big Direct Mail marketers and and direct response Market. Ears and companies and so to them it's hidden.

Uh, so today is your chance to to get this and the chance to swipe from them and model them for your own funnels and promotions. So you'll notice in here also that while I don't regularly use the word funnel in a lot of my copy in here. I intentionally use the word funnels so up here for your online funnels, um funnels I use the word funnel in here intentionally just to make sure that I'm bringing it back home to that to what you said Teddy to. Yes. This is you can use this online you can use this in your in your funnels.

Um, so if you're one of the smart folks reading this who move fast Eddie to get your hands on this collection, you'll see right away. This gives you an immediate marketing advantage over your competitors. So you'll notice that right like so like some of these um subheads they're not really that great. Right? Like the the reality is is like this isn't really a great subhead.

Right? Like if I would have taken more time on this fortunately, we really didn't need it. Um, but you know, it's not the greatest little vague, you know, you'll get immediate marketing advantage over your competitors. Like you've heard me say before like, what does that mean? Really?

What does that mean? What does that lead to like? What does that give me and so not the greatest and you'll see a number of those that are just they're not that they're not that you know, they're not like whizbang copy. Um, But so right look at I want you to see something subtle here. So today is your chance to get this and your chance to swipe from them.

So if you're one of the smart folks reading this, right, you'll see right away. This gives you an immediate marketing advantage over your competitors because you'll have access to swipe and you'll have access to swipe and model from the most finely tuned campaigns and copy engineered by the best marketers on the planet. Look at this. It's just another way of saying what it is that I said above just slightly different instead of saying perfected. I said most finally tune campaigns instead of written or put together.

I said engineered by the best marketers on the planet, um, because this and your competitors are clueless about these campaigns and while you have the best of the best to model and swipe from your competitors will be stock swiping from the same old online funnels. Everyone else is swiping from great for you not so good for them. And then right this um, little quote in here which Tax this up. If you swipe and model from work from average ordinary marketing campaigns. That's what I said right over here.

The same old funnels. Everyone else is swiping from why would you expect to get extraordinary results for your online funnels? All I was trying to do here was plant that seed of yeah, that makes sense. I get the value of a swipe, but if I'm swiping from the same stuff that everybody else is swiping from or I'm swiping from stuff that I don't know for sure. If it did really well, why would I expect to get great results from this?

and when you're writing do you just naturally repeat yourself like that or or is that a conscious effort in the editing to go back and Um, so I would say no it's it is more of a it's it comes out more in the writing. It's not something that I intentionally go back and and add in I think Teddy and it's a great question. I'm very conscious of the I think what Mark used to refer to a long time ago. I believe as the golden thread like in other words. I know the point that I really want to drive home that I want them to get and so that core point that I really want to drive home to make sure that they get I tend to um, repeat using various words and phrases.

So I'm trying to stay as close to that golden thread as possible. And so I just can naturally to say, you know to say to often say the same thing but just a variety of different ways. So I'm not it doesn't for me. I'm not adding it in later. It just happens to come naturally for me what I will tell you that or I should Say it comes from me just doing this for so long.

What I do fix during the editing is often changing up the way that um, the way that I'm saying the same thing. So like when I'm first writing it usually often it comes out very similar, right like so it I went back and I said, well what's another way to say perfected what's another way to say optimize what's another way to say dialed right? So because if I said dial, you know and somewhere in here, I'm sure I say, these are dialed campaigns so dialed perfected most finely tuned, um, you know big money they spend big money. They invested right serious cash. Like it's usually when I I go back and I'll tweak the way I'm saying.

It's so that it doesn't sound as close to the original. Um, you know, it doesn't sound exactly it doesn't sound like I'm just repeating myself if that makes sense or you know, it's and it's a very interesting thing because like even a, you know, just thinking about it now at a deeper level right like Like obviously like on infomercials like they'll do that. Right? Like every 10 minutes is kind of kind of repeat because they don't know at what point you're gonna land on the infomercial. It's kind of the same thing here like because everybody just tends to scroll.

You don't know what part of the letter they're actually going to land on and read. Yeah, and so having that in there multiple times like that. Yeah, well said man, I think that's such a great Point Teddy because you know, I think you know often times we you know markers can think like I'm gonna create this. Um, you know call it this four page sales letter or whatever, you know, this 14 page says whatever it is and it's like every single paragraph every single page has all new information and they're assuming that people are going to consume it linearly and people are gonna consume everything and so oftentimes I just want to constantly tie it back to that main point right? And so I'm never straying too far from that golden thread that key that key point that I'm ultimately trying to drill into them.

And so you'll see how you'll see a lot of repetition in this now you may even see more repetition in this sales letter than what I typically use and that's because I really struggled a bit with there's not a whole lot to say right there's really not a whole lot to say like if you really look up here it's it's almost like, you know to a large extent like you either wanted at this point or you don't like you either get it or you don't and so it was a little difficult for me. Uh, but so let's keep going for time purposes. So in a minute, I'll tell you why this collection is a guaranteed money maker for you. If you move fast enough today to get a set. So again drilling all drilling the urgency going back to you know, first and only time 250 sets, right?

Um, urgency 200 only 256 urgency all so this is really an open loop in a minute. I'll tell you first and then I go on to something else. How did this collection come about and what it gives you right? If you if you look at this right even and what it gives you is this terrible like it's right. It's just terrible.

It's you know, um, it really isn't good. Thank goodness. It works but it really isn't good. Um, and then I just get into like look for the past 10 plus years. I've saved every direct response marketing piece sent to me in the mail everything mailed out by the best marketers on the planet very similar to see everything nailed by the best marketers on the planets.

Just saying it again over here. I'm talking bins and bins of the direct mail pieces. They pay to send out image of the what it looked like it's in its original state. Now. I'm covering here.

I'm just kind of trying to show like the company how comprehensive this thing is letters postcards book logs magalogs catalogs invitations almost every kind of marketing piece. You can imagine marketing pieces to promote products webinars. So here is I was trying to show them that if you promote any of these you're gonna find a piece in here, um that covers this you name it. It's it's in here. We're gonna come back to this in just a in just a minute and there are marketing.

Oh, no all people see type those work too. What where is that courses? Bottom of the book is yeah. There you go. That's terrible.

That's a unique kind. Of course, you need mechanism. I you know, oh right courses with an S. That's old school. Those are dated.

Oh, there you go. Right. I'm sure there are other typos in here. No doubt. Um, and there are marketing pieces promoting offers at all price points low ticket mid-tier High ticket.

They're even lead generation and free offers in here, right? So showing them again. What am I doing? I'm saying like, it doesn't matter if you're high ticket mid-tier low ticket if you promote right any of these things at any price point, right? There's something in here for you even lead gen free offers and here I'm addressing and even though all of these were originally used as Direct Mail, every marketing promotion in this collection can be swiped and modeled for a killer online funnel or promotion.

Then I go boom, right? I felt like this was the best spot to put the Gary Halbert quote of get yourself a collection of direct mail pieces, right? So reinforcing yes, it's Direct Mail. Yes, these were used by via direct mail. But this you can use these you can model these bad boys for your online.

Oh, you know if you're online stuff this collection is the result of over a decade of patients and effort now over here what I'm doing for what it's worth. What I'm doing over here is I'm trying to demonstrate the magnitude of the work involved in putting this together, right? So I knew that right like this is this was a 1250 dollar price point and while not astronomical 1250 dollars is 1250 dollars. And so I wanted to try to justify not only the value of this based on what you find inside but the effort that it took for me to put this together, so a decade of patience and effort I paid an arm and a leg to have the entire decade plus collection digitized organized and printed into a massive five volume set. It took a full-time member of my team six weeks and 120 hours to assemble this monster collection the result of One of a Kind marketing resource unlike anything available anywhere there is truly nothing like it any Not even close.

Here's what it looks like today. This was the Image teddy that again from you. Um, I created rather than a static on image. Uh, I call it the decade plus swipe file. It's enormous and magnificent over 22 pounds.

Just again really kind of dimensionalizing, you know, the the monstrosity that this thing is like how huge this is, um, collected aggregated enhanced selected by me over the past 10 years with over 4,000 pages of marketing gold. You can't pay any amount to see anywhere else value and work and effort involved. And so I said this monster collection is so thorough and so comprehensive you can use the decade plus swipe file 365 days a year to get new marketing ideas and new copy creative and you'd see something new every day for the next 10 years straight literally, right you add up the if you look at that like 4,000 pages so you can do the math. so fact is and again what I want you to see is the The flow right? So fact is based on this now based on what it is that I just said above right?

So fact is what the decade plus life file. You'll have all the creative inspiration. You need to continue to bang out winning marketing campaign after winning marketing campaign and the beauty now, you'll never have to start working on a new marketing on new marketing campaigns or write copy again from a blank page instead. You'll be modeling the best copying the best marketing strategies from the best marketers same thing over boom, right because I'm talking about ideas creative inspiration Brian Kurtz. You can't beat a good swipe file for deep insight and inspiration and that's not all and then I go into um, why smart marketers in copyrighters and what smart marketers and operators know why most files are Gorge She's the subheads are killing me.

Now, I'm addressing right like I'm addressing I'm separating this from everything else out there right there. You could you could Google swipe file and you're gonna find a bunch of swipe files and there's websites that are that are are collections of just marketing materials. Right? Like there are some good. There are some good websites out there that offer swipes.

I I wanted to differentiate this from that. I said unlike the typical swipe file the decade plus swipe file is not a bunch of marketing campaigns collected and throwing up on some web page or in Trello most live files used by novice marketers. And again, the use of novice marketers over here was intentional because I said up top, this is for the serious student. Of direct response of direct response marketing and so most are a mere collection of ads and funnels collected and modeled without knowing how those ads and funnels even performed. Why in the world would any smart Market or copywriter model or swipe from marketing funnels or ads?

They can't confirm perform. Well, no, this is not at all what the Savvy marketers and copywriters do now I'm switching to Identity. Right? Like if you consider yourself a serious student of marketing, this is not at all what the serious students of marketing do. This is not at all what the serious players do.

No, this is not at all what the Savvy marketers and copyrighters do smart marketers and copywriters recognize there's a monster difference between a collection of ads and web pages and and a legit money making swipe file. So now I'm positioning this as there's all those things out there right that are called swipe files. This is a legit swipe file. This is what smart marketers recognize as a legit swipe off you can A swipe file which is a mere collection of web pages that you just saved over time, or you could have a legit swipe file that you can expect in Roi from and so a smart marketers are only swipe from and model confirmed winners and that's why and how they're able to use their swipes to have their own money makers. That's what the decade place the decade plus swipe file will do for you too.

And then just wanted to show base act in here. What makes the decade plus white file. So unique and valuable for the serious marketer and copyrighter you'll notice here. This is a presuppositional question. Right?

So I didn't say this is I didn't nearly say this is unique and valuable. I said what makes it so unique and valuable. Remember you've heard me talk about this before right? It's it's the equivalent of me saying, um, why is the E5 method able to drive so many new buyers, um into your business that what that Does is it forces the prospect to think of the answer to the question and in order to even think of the answer to the question they have to presuppose what the question contains is true. So right in order to even in think about yeah, what makes this so valuable and unique you have to accept the fact that it's so valuable and unique.

Um, every marketing pay piece you get in the decade plus swipe file over 4,000 Pages cost big money to mail out same thing. Now. I'm just unpacking it. And that's why the top Market is behind these campaigns made sure the copy and offers in these campaigns are dialed perfected finally tuned perfected optimized out the Wazoo. In fact, what most of the smartest marketers do is test a bunch of campaigns online and take the biggest winners and use them offline.

The winners are what you're getting in the decade plus swipe file. So, you know, you're looking at studying and modeling from the best proven campaigns proven financially to bring in the money. Uh, the decade plus white file instantly hands you this Advantage overall other marketers now, you'll have access to campaigns and copy most copyrighters and marketers never see same thing. I said above and never will so here's what that means for you. So with the decade plus swipe file, you're now modeling and swiping unique Hooks and angles unique copy chunks unique offer presentations marketing gems.

Your competitors are clueless about as well because so few marketers and copywriters are competing with will ever with ever see this copy and because only 250 sets of the swipe file will be claimed the copy and marketing strategies inside. This monster collection won't be knocked off the way online stuff is so you'll not only have a competitive Advantage you'll have this Advantage for a long foreseeable future see the the see you could you could almost see the argument that's presented here the little the little chunk of argumentation, right you have access to campaigns that marketers never see and so what that means is that Wiping modeling from unique hooks marketing gems that they won't see and because of that you'll have a it because they won't see this they don't get knocked off and because they don't get knocked off you'll have a competitive Advantage. You see the flow in the little mini argument being presented here to drive home this benefit. Does that make sense? Yeah.

And then down here and this and we don't need to to go over this. I just said 10 ways the decade plus swipe file can make your marketing more profitable. Um and how to use this beast. And then this was just trying me trying to um for lack of a better. I don't want to say dimensionalizing but me wanting to give them specific examples of how to use this right and and I intentionally started off with use your decade swipe file use your decade plus white file you every one of these starts off with the same thing right to model the copy chunks being used over and over by the best marketers see how the most effective psychological and emotional triggers are used understand the flow of copy and order in order of trunks for different types offer types get new ideas identify the right voice and tone know the best way to present different copy chunks spot news study and master the flow of keep your marketing get different.

If you look at this also, you'll see model see understand get identify. No spot study. Keep get and so much more Yeah verbs. Yep all verb driven right like in that in that section. and then this was just my my a little bit of future pacing and this is well where we're will wrap up because then we just go into the into the bonus section and then the call to action, right?

So this is the day your decade plus swipe file arrives. You'll also notice that right. I'm already talking as if ownership is a given your decade plus swipe file the day that it arrives and this is me future pacing when you start to use the decade plus swipe file, you'll find yourself quickly and easily whipping up more compelling copy magnetic marketing Hooks and legit are resistible offers and they'll all be unique and fresh in your Marketplace because you're likely the only one of all of your competitors who has the decade plus has not is getting or will get has the decade plus five file. So if you spend any of your time writing copy or setting up marketing funnels and getting the decade plus white files a smart investment for you and the more copy you write and the more funnels you set up the more winning campaigns you'll have and the more sales you'll generate with the decade plus why file and when you claim the decade plus white file right now you also get Boom and then I went into the the the bonus bundle and then there's just a little bit of like kind of like look right now is your chance. This is your chance to do this, right?

Even if this only gives you one new home run. What would it be worth consider that the offer won't be made again proof of the 250 and then the the order form and so any questions or anything that you would add to this. either of you guys Know the only other thing I would say would be like go back to the map basic thing for a minute like and again wasn't planned or anything like that. But that just that headline alone about Ryan makes you want to get the thing just to find and that's why there's that's why that's why I left it in there and I'll tell you it's really interesting because that's why I left it in there and didn't trim this up like to just here. I left it in there because of two things one.

One the use in this image the name Frank Kern and Ryan dice appear number number two. I know that most people have never seen this right most people in our Marketplace have never seen it and so that's why I left it in there intentionally because I knew like right they they did Frank Kern they did Ryan dice. I've never seen this before. Wow. This stuff is appropriate to me.

This is about and from people that I'm familiar with and respect like boom and so that I intentionally left it in there versus um, you know, trimming it up to you know to to right here. Yeah, anything else? Over here for what it's worth. This was an unboxing video from somebody. So, you know, he was just like unboxing it and he was just blown away like and so I just put that that little video here.

God Michael, I'm sorry. No, I was everything I think of that I would add to this. When I consider the intended audience, I changed my mind and I would not add that, you know. So for example, like it might have been my tendency to demonstrate or dimensionalize me taking up swipe and how I used it or would use it or something like that. But then now that the code because the audience already knows what I think like look that that probably would have been a good chunk.

Like I think that if I had more um, if I if I really probably me, you know a video of me look pulling up like another killer swipe similar to that Kern dice one and really showing like what I get from it or how I would use it. I think that that could have been um a good chunk even for this audience. And so that's a that's a that's a great call. I do want to point out. I'm two things and then I'm gonna let you guys Boogie.

Um, and I have a special Workshop. I got to jump on for a top one folks. I want this section right here. So this was an interesting thing. I also wanted I decided to use like a like a side bar over here, which we very rarely use or I very rarely use.

I just wanted to kind of change it up change up the look and feel a little bit, you know, like even The use of these kind of pictures too over here like enlarging this one. I just wanted to change it up. I didn't want it to look like the typical letter that that we use and so that's why I went with this sidebar over here. But this was wide I invest all that all the time and energy for this. So number one, right?

Like again. This is a presuppositional question. It presupposes that I invested a tremendous amount of time and energy again just instilling like the amount of work involved in putting this together, right the sometimes to justify price. You could you could show what it took for you to to wind up with the product. I'll never forget and add one of the most effective ads from a cigar manufacturer talked about how we went over to like somewhere overseas the jungle and he took days to go through any how to hide from militant gorillas to get this tobacco and then smuggle it home and now from that tobacco that he smuggled home, you know, there are 3,000.

Ours that you can get like the effort that it took for him to put together the the cigars makes you be like. Oh man. I want one of those bad boys, right? And so sometimes you can justify the value, um through the effort required, but the other thing that I also wanted to do was I wanted to communicate that as you can see here that simple because almost every legendary copywriter and direct marketer preaches the absolute necessity of having a swipe file to reference filled with great marketing pieces. And since it's costly to send marketing promotions as direct mail today.

I know marketers Go the Distance with the copy and the offers for these promos. So the marketing promotions and copy in the mail from the best marketers on the planet are the best materials to have in any swipe file. That's why it's I invested so much for this. So it was my way of restating the the premise also working in that like look every top copywriter every marketing of every legendary marketer and copyright or Advocates the use in some form or fashion of a File and here's why this swipe file or this type of swipe file. So I got to convey.

I spent a lot of time a lot of energy in this and I got to plug the fact that that all top cop copyrighters and direct response marketers Advocate the use of a swipe file last point and then I really got a jump. I told you guys I was gonna tell you the single most impactful thing that I did with this swipe file over the years and this is gonna sound absolutely strange. And maybe even a little uh, a little not ridiculous, but the single most valuable thing that I did that I have would encourage everybody to do all with this white file with any good swipe is just read it read good copy. I always say that right the more good copy you read and the more often you read it the more in tune you get with the feel and flow of good copy when you are engrossed in good cop when you read good copy and you read a lot of it and you read it often and then you go back to the typical online stuff you immediately feel the difference. You might not initially be able to recognize what's off and why it's different and where it's missing the mark, but you will absolutely become in tune with the feel and flow of good copy.

You'll you'll pick up on how um subtle or stealth. They are making claims that they're not these hyper Click outrageous, you know, um claims you'll see how they weave improved to make you feel confident in what it is that they're saying and you'll pick it up over time. If you do nothing else. If you don't have to annotate them, you don't have to understand the emotional triggers. If you just read good copy read enough of it and read it often.

It will begin to impact when you sit down. Alright, you'll immediately be able to feel when you are going off the mark from what good what what good it's just like if you read enough good literature or enough good novels enough good fiction. When you go to a poorly written piece of fiction, you just you can feel it. You can spot it. You might not be able to pick up on all of their their lacking and character development or there's not enough, you know struggle or you know, but you will certainly be able to say like I'm off the mark and it's after that right?

I just read I just read it and read through it and read through it and read through it and read through it and then as I started to learn more Then I went I would start to annotate and that okay, why are they doing this? And why do I think they're saying this? What emotion are they trying to trigger here? Right? What are they trying to make me think or feel here?

Are they trying to overcome an objection? Are they trying to create urgency scarcity? Are they trying to establish Authority are they covering up, you know objections or concerns? Are they building value? Are they establishing credibility?

Okay, they're showing me all the the the benefits they're making claims. They're introducing. Um, you know, proof evidence support, right, but you stuck just start by reading it the key is that you got like people will read copy. Like I tell everybody I've read all the copy books. Right?

I've got them all some of my most prized possession but reading good reading books about copy and reading good copy or two completely different things and I would tell you if yeah, if you do nothing else, right, I would tell you read good copy rather than reading the copywriting books read good copy read a lot of it and read it often. This is why I'll tell you if you Really read Gary Halbert just go through Gary halbert's letters I used to have and I still have it a printout of all of Gary halbert's newsletters every single newsletter. He ever wrote all of them. I had into thing you just go through and you read mark my words that's gonna impact the Simplicity of your writing right? It's gonna impact the flow.

It's gonna impact how pithy your statements are like your sentences. Are you right it become you become in tune with it. And so does that make sense? Yeah, and so, all right. That's all she wrote.

I'm out of here jumping on another call have an amazing day if you guys need anything you let me know. Thanks, Todd you got.
