---
title: "cc_2022-09-20"
date: 2022-09-20
duration: 48m
duration_seconds: 2928
vimeo_id: 751789070
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-09-20

**Date:** 2022-09-20 | **Duration:** 48m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

Start the recording. And so what I want to do is I want to do something a little bit unique and I want to kind of put you guys on the hot seat. Really what I should say is I really want to hear from you guys a lot more today than me sharing what we're going to do is we're going to look at a couple of posts from a client. A regarding her E5 elements and we're gonna start with the first post. I'm gonna wait to show you my response to her to her post.

I'm gonna ask you what you would tell her. Um, and why and then we're gonna look at we're gonna look at an updated post from her which I have not reviewed at all. So what we're talking about really here is this is this is interesting to me. I was I was actually I had a little discussion with Paul yesterday and we were talking about how there are It seems like there are some people that no matter how often they hear from us an explanation of the different E5 elements. Sometimes it could take a little while a little longer than normal for things to really click.

And so I so I want to I want to cover an example and I really want to dive in and make sure that everybody is on the same page with how to fix this and so with that let me move this stuff over and then I'm going to show my screen to show the comment. And so let me do this and we do this and let me share my screen. And then let me pull this bad boy up. Okay, so you guys can see my screen. Yes.

Okay. So this is for Wendy who is near and dear to my heart and she's been around for a while. And and so I really wanted to cover this both for you guys and really I'm gonna share this with um with with Wendy whether she gets this recording these recordings or not. So if you look here and there have been numerous posts similar to this, I'm not only from Wendy, but from a lot of a lot of folks and there they tend to be along the same lines of what it is that we're gonna see here. So the very first thing I'm just gonna read this and then we're gonna start at the top and and go down.

So she says, how's this looking Big Marketing idea bold craft primary promise science plus story a Lean Marketing framework, which is extremely efficient. You need mechanism the Bold craft marketing framework roadmap. The lead follow the Bold crap and I don't know if this is like a word for word lead. This is the gist of I have to imagine her lead follow the Bold craft road map to build a community of loyal customers around your brand the marketing argument use boldcraft to identify what content will engage search and social algorithms along your customers journey and which communication channels you should be using to support that Journey. And then the superior irresistible no-brainer offer, which he says is she's not sure if this is the final offer.

She says attend a micro session and get your live boldcraft Playbook training at half the price get all of your money back. If you find it does not increase your marketing knowledge. And then she's got this um screen capture this little image at the bottom. And so I want to start with the the top and I want to start with the Big Marketing idea. And so I want to anyone can start and so who's got you know, so she said, how is this looking Big Marketing idea bold craft?

Who wants to go? Don't all jump in at once. but this her goal really with this post it would seem is to get some feedback on how is she doing in terms of these elements? So she says how is this looking right? So how's this looking to me is is you know, she's looking for feedback on so what do you guys what do you guys think is kind of the gist of this post, right?

What do you guys think? So here's my thing idea. Here's my primary promise unique mechanism and so on. So because I don't know what this campaign is about, let's say I don't know and I don't I'd ask for to explain the regular Mark the regular idea. Okay to be able to say anything about the Big Marketing idea.

Okay, my very good. I cannot judge it all. And the promise the primary promise science plus story. I mean I don't know what the promises I don't understand. Okay.

So before we go on to before you and and everything that you said is is spot on Adidas so far and so let's just go back to the the Big Marketing idea. So Michael, what would you say? Well, it's not it's not really a big marketing idea. What if we have if yeah. The Big Marketing idea in my mind.

Okay, I think of a combination of You know the primary promise the unique mechanism and something that's really really interesting something that really catches the attention of whoever her audience is. So I would say like maybe in maybe what she's thinking is boldcraft is. A really catchy name and that would you know interest people but really it's what what is really compelling really interesting to her Market, you know that that plus a mixture of the primary promise and the unique mechanism altogether sort of become a big marketing idea in my head. So well said, okay, Teddy, what do you think? I mean, I always go back to the example you you use in terms of you know, if you're at the bar or you're at a networking event, like and you're trying to give somebody the gist behind your idea.

Like if you just said I have ideas all about bullcraft. I get up that wouldn't that wouldn't yeah, there's not enough there, right? So yeah, I agree with Michael like it needs to be based on something intellectually interesting and then convey more. Yeah, so and you're all right, you know, I want to you know, you're gonna see this in my response to um to Wendy and just a little bit but I might as well share right now. So I think Michael what you said everything that each of you said is absolutely spot on but you said a um a key thing in your response Michael you said right that it's not a big marketing idea.

You actually said it's not really a big marketing idea. It's and and you said it's it's a it's a word and that's spot on because that was exactly my response to Wendy. And this is important before we move on. That's not only is that not a big it's not a big marketing idea. So I don't even I don't even want to qualify it with the the use of the word really it's not really it's not a big marketing idea.

It's not even an idea. That right if there is no idea that's being communicated what's being communicated is a word now in this context that word seems to me to be a shortened version of her unique mechanism. But the thing to be crystal clear about is that's there's no idea whatsoever being communicated right? First of all, it's it's a word and it's a word that means nothing to to the audience. And so there is no idea being communicated here.

Right? And I want to I want to just break this down a little bit to make sure that we're all on the same page and to make sure that everybody understands that you know, the the Big Marketing idea can feel like this very daunting almost nebulous concept right like the Big Marketing idea, but the the thing the thing that I want everybody to understand is that It goes back to that piece of advice that I got many moons ago from Mark, right? And what did Mark say when I asked Mark that question years ago about like what was responsible for agora's growth? Right? And I tell the story of how I thought he was going to say Deep Pockets big email list, you know, huge media buying, uh, you know Endeavors and he said none of that what he said was that we realized early on that.

We are in the idea business. We're in the business of the developing compelling interesting often contrarian ideas ideas that are emotionally charged ideas that are intellectually interesting ideas that bring a a different perspective a different angle a different narrative if you will to the marketplace and so right so what you know, Mark was ultimately saying was that at the root of every single piece of content that we put out whether it Is a piece of marketing content a marketing message or whether whether it's an email whether it's an essay whether it's a blog post whether it's a video whether it's a post on Facebook, it doesn't matter behind every single piece of content is some idea that you are trying to communicate some narratives some theme there's some idea that you are trying to to communicate and the the ultimately right you guys know from the E5 method. There are ordinary ideas ordinary ideas are ideas story lines perspectives, you know a thesis in your mind like an you know, that people have heard before that people have seen before that is commonplace that is available through other YouTube videos through other blog posts through other, you know through other books. If you will, right? It's it's they've seen it they've heard it they're aware.

It it an ordinary idea is an idea that's not bringing any New Perspective any new angle any new interesting nugget or gem. It doesn't bring any feeling of Discovery. It doesn't feel like you've stumbled on anything newsworthy. It feels like more of the same and ultimately what we are looking for is we're looking for the opposite of that when we're talking about something, uh, you know ordinary we want to figure out an extraordinary way to talk about it. And when I say an extraordinary way, I just mean something that is not ordinary, right?

So I don't mean extraordinary in terms of let's say quality. I want to be I want to be careful here, right? I don't mean like you have to come up with an extraordinary idea. You have to come up with an idea that is not viewed as ordinary seen it heard it hurting know it already been exposed to it. That's what I mean in this context by extraordinary.

And so we're looking for a An angle a different theme a different perspective. We're looking for a different way to talk about the ordinary so that it doesn't come across as ordinary. But so that it comes across as extraordinary. And so it's important to recognize that again going back to what when do you sharing here is that there's no idea being shared in that in this concept of boldcraft boldcraft is just a word not an idea not an ordinary idea not a not an extraordinary idea not an idea at all in this context. I know where boldcraft comes from it comes from her unique mechanism.

But the point is that behind every campaign. What's the the you know, you could say, what's the hook? What's the theme? What's the big idea? The reality is is that all of those words can describe what it is the world ultimately looking for like like a big marketing idea is in essence a hook that is different from The common right?

It's an idea that is different from the common. It is not ordinary. It's extraordinary and so for everybody does that make sense? Yes, yeah. Okay.

So the next thing that I want to say as it relates to that is What Adida you shared which is absolutely spot on which is also in my response to Wendy. You said that well, like what is the ordinary idea? Right? What is the ordinary idea that you are ultimately trying to communicate you don't jump into the big idea until you can articulate and express the ordinary idea. Right?

What's the ordinary idea? Like just tell me the idea like what's the idea that you're trying to, you know can convey like another words if we go back to for example, Financial promotions, um, you know oftentimes there is a there's always a very plain basic ordinary idea underlining all of these big marketing ideas. Like for example, you know, let's say I'm just gonna make something up right now, you know, there is a new Law being passed, you know for a oil and and there's one company that's poised. You know, there's a company that's poised to to be the first to leverage this new law, right? That's an ordinary idea, right?

That's an ordinary idea. How do we now take that ordinary idea about this new law being passed about ultimately this company that is poised to be the first to to leverage this new law and how do we turn that into something that is not ordinary? That's different. How do we talk about it in a way that others aren't talking about it from a different angle a different perspective a different story. Right?

What can we bring to the table to build our campaign around that other others? Haven't heard yet. That's ultimately what it is that we are trying to do here. makes sense Yeah. Okay.

Good now let's go on to the Primary promise and so Adidas shared a you know, Dita said, you know, I I don't really know what it is that she's what the promise is here. And I think that that's absolutely spot on before we kind of dive into that Michael. What would you say about the the primary promise? So she says how's this looking primary promise science plus story a Lean Marketing framework Well, I I can't it like Adidas says you can't tell what? what the outcome what the transformation that's going to happen to the person reading the campaign to the the prospect from this, you know, there's no there's no promise, you know exactly outcome.

That's it. That's the answer right the answer is that that's not a promise. Right. There's no promise in there. Right?

What's the promise when we say promise we're talking about a promise of like Michael like you just said we're talking about a promise of outcome of result of transformation of change of alleviation of pain something along those lines, right? Ultimately. We know that like look we we said this so many times and often this goes in one ear and out the other for a lot of marketers new marketers, even sometimes veteran marketers can forget this that ultimately right people are buying Solutions people are buying outcomes people are buying results. That's what they're buying. That's what they care about.

Right like at the end of the day if there is no promise in here then all we have is really an intellectually interesting story. Right like in other words if everything else was nailed, right? Like if everything else was nailed, right and we had a big marketing idea, but there was no promise over result of outcome, right? That's not a marketing campaign. That's an intellectually interesting story or an intellectually interesting essay an intro and intellectually interesting pieces of 10 right what changes it to a ultimately a marketing message besides the offer in the end is a promise of result of transformation of change and that promise of result of transformation of change needs to be directly linked to what is the issue that the the problem that the prospect is having that we are solving right people buy products and services to solve problems ultimately, meaning people buy products and services and care about these messages for the result the transformation that change the alleviation of pain.

That's what people care about. That's the single most important thing to people in a marketing campaign is what is this gonna do for me? What's this? What is this going to change for me? How is this gonna help me?

That's what people are ultimately buying and so we need to be crystal clear on what that result is. Right? And so ultimately what we're talking about is here is what can you expect to experience after you go Through this marketing message. Like what I'm about to tell you can produce XYZ for you can alleviate element op for you can change, you know x y z for you that's ultimately what needs to be communicated. And so under primary promise.

There is no promise, right? The promise needs to be an outcome a result a change and alleviation of pain. We've talked about many times before that. It needs to be specific concrete and measurable. It needs to be specific concrete and measurable, right?

That's ultimately what we are looking for in some markets specific measurable concrete harder than in other markets But ultimately that is the type of promise that we are looking for an outcome a result a change and alleviation of pain in a way that is specific. It's concrete and it is measurable the answer to the or the response to which I don't think I included in in my response but is that's not a promise. There is nothing being promised there. Do you guys see that? Yeah, like so when when Adidas said, you know, like I don't know what she's promising.

Of course. Neither do I because there's no promise there. There's no mention of a promise. There's no mention of an outcome. There's no mention of a result.

And so I have no idea. What like what ultimately like so a Lean Marketing framework does what for me change is what for me gives me what alleviates what pain for me specifically right? Like concretely measurably. What is it gonna do for me? That's what we're talking about when we're talking about the the primary promise.

And so Teddy were you gonna say something? Nope? Okay. And so does that make sense to everybody there is no promise there. Yes.

Yeah. Absolutely. You know, let me also say this because I think that this is important I and that is that, you know, like often times um, and I can very much relate to this having done this myself very early on many moons ago, but Too many people get caught up in the vernacular of marketing even the vernacular of the E5 method and they think like this primary promise and so right like and they're so concerned with it meeting specific criteria and like this formula that they miss the whole point. What the heck is this gonna do for the prospect? Tell me what's it gonna do and don't don't be vague and general like tell me specifically.

What is this gonna do for the prospect tell me specifically, what is this gonna do for me? And it's amazing how many marketers many entrepreneurs can't even articulate that because they've never invested the time or the energy to really unpack what the heck their thing does for people right? Like what does it do for people and at the end of the day I always say like right when in doubt just say it just say it right and like the the beauty is as is always and we've talked about this with Copy we've talked about this with the campaign argument that like at the very beginning just like with the big idea. What do we do? We start with the ordinary idea.

Don't try to write copy. Don't try to word Smith it up. Don't try to put on your your Gary Halbert cap. Just tell me what the ordinary idea is. Tell me the ordinary idea if you were talking to a spouse somebody who is clueless about you know, what we do right?

Like my wife, right? What would you what's the ordinary idea start there just say it don't work Smith it. Don't try to like be this be something just tell me the ordinary idea from there right going back to the the idea for a second from there and I shared this. With Wendy and my response from there. Boom.

We then okay. So what is the the extraordinary idea right we're gonna then develop we're then going to dig. This is where the research comes in. The examination comes in. This is where the the digging to try to find The Gem the Nugget that we can then develop a big idea into once we've got what we think is a big idea.

The next step is right. Like we've got to be able to articulate the big idea like meaning just say it tell me what the big idea is not Wordsmith up not copy not like with any kind of headline formula. Don't tell me the headline tell me the extraordinary idea. Now, the thing that I want to point out here is that as well most people even with the big their their version of a big marketing idea when you ask them to articulate the idea it becomes this convoluted mess where they can't even articulate the idea clearly just saying it, Well, I can tell you that what's gonna happen from that from from that point, right? If they can't articulate if they can't just communicate the big idea in a succinct and simple way they're never going to be able to write clear copy to articulate right?

It's never gonna wind up. You're never gonna go from an unclear convoluted convoluted big idea right meaning. It's it's convoluted in the way that you're expressing it right with your your words. It's never going to go from that to a crystal clear, you know tight pithy headline that resonates with people. It doesn't work that way, right?

This is why you know for what it's worth, right? This is why good writing always comes from Clear thinking clear thinking good thinking has to precede good writing good writing in this context being good copy, right? So good copy doesn't come from Cloudy thinking unclear thinking convoluted. Thinking and so until somebody can express their big idea in a simple and succinct way. They should not attempt to write copy.

They should work on simplifying the idea in articulating the idea. Once you can articulate the idea the Big Marketing idea, then you work on the copy right? Because then there are different words different word choice that we can we can go with to best Express the copy in a short pithy Punchy way with the most kind of visceral emotionally charge verbs and whatnot. But that only comes after the ability to articulate clearly succinctly the idea. Does that make sense?

Yeah, okay as it relates to the primary promise. It really begins with the same thing. It's tell me what the tell me what the promise is. Tell me what this does for somebody just tell me what this does for somebody right and and just tell me what tell me what it does right? We can write sometimes when the when a client communicates that we've got to work on it so that we get um, we get um tighter in what it is that they're saying like, sometimes they'll say at those this this plus this and this and this right they go on this long kind of thing and we need to work on tightening it up, but it's only once we've tightened it up right do we then turn it into a piece of copy, right?

So if we know like this helps people to um, you know, it helps people to, you know, get clicks on their ads by standing out as you know, as as something wildly different. Let's just say well now what is the best way for us to express that right? You're gonna get more clicks on your ads more clicks on your emails, right? Because your stuff is gonna appear different than everything else. Okay.

Well now what is the best way from a copy perspective for us to express that but it always Begins by right like honing in on what does this do for them? What's the outcome result like and that's what people care about people care about. What is this? Good? What is this gonna do?

Me people don't care about like an interesting unique mechanism simply because they care about interesting unique mechanisms. They care about interesting unique mechanisms because it's a different way to get the result that they care about and because it's a different way to get the result that they care about they believe that maybe this thing can finally produce the result this right the result that is alluded me trying everything else. Maybe this is the answer but they don't care about this the right this this being unique mechanism in and of itself they care about it because it can produce the result that they want. What they care about is the result the primary promise the outcome the change the transformation makes sense. Yes.

Okay. Now let's go to the unique mechanism. So I know Michael had to jump to get on his call. So it's down to just three of us now so the unique mechanism so Adida, what would you say about the name? so to me this seems to be some sort of confusion, maybe between what unique mechanisms and Deliverable, yeah.

Mmm spot on man you're on fire Adidas you are on fire today. And so you're spot on Teddy. Is there anything that you would add to that? Yeah, I mean I was gonna say for the most part remove the word roadmap the boat called Old craft marketing framework could be a unique mechanism. But yeah, the roadmap is what makes it sound like yeah, you know, so you're right.

I you know, I I think look for me I'll you know to start with the the basic right I think framework roadmap is a little bit redundant right? You can either have the the boldcraft marketing road map or you can have the Bold craft marketing framework, but it's unnecessary to both and then it becomes this very verbose long, right which I know I've had the tendency to do myself in the past. Um, but it's you know, it's it's um, it's redundant But the thing that I really want to point out the nuance and in you know, and I've talked about this many times before I've talked about this in the unique mechanism workshops. Um, all the latest trainings that I've given on the unique mechanism I talk about this is that first and foremost, right? The name is far less important.

The name of the unique mechanism is far less important than is the ability to articulate how and why it works to produce the result in other words the ability to articulate and explain and really ultimately present an argument for why the unique mechanism is effective is so effective at producing the result better in in some area speed ease reliability then other mechanisms Excuse me is the foundation. So it doesn't matter if you have some whiz-bang name if you can't articulate what makes it Superior. So what the first mistake that a lot of people make is thinking that the magic of a unique mechanism is in some whiz-bang name, but the reality is is that if you've got a whizbang name and you don't know or you can't articulate what makes it Superior your whole entire marketing argument breaks down right the whole thing breaks down because when it's time for you to prove what makes us better than everything else the whole thing falls apart. This is why I've said before in the past that I I see now now that the unique mechanism has really gained a lot of traction in our Marketplace over the last year and a half. I see these what I call a faux mechanism and a full mechanism is an ordinary mechanism.

That's just given a fancy name and there is no explanation and argument of what makes this unique approach Superior. Why because it's not a unique approach. In ordinary approach with a unique name. There's a difference between an ordinary approach with a unique name and a unique approach with a unique name, right? There's a difference between those two our job is to identify through the interrogation process.

What makes our unique mechanism what makes our approach our process our framework different, right? Why do we approach it the way that we do? Why do we use the steps that we do? Why do we do it in the order in which we do it? Why don't we do these other steps that are are commonly done.

Why do we do what it is that we we do or why? Why do we you know, why is this the method that we teach or use and our agency or whatever it may be that becomes. The reality is is that the answers to that interrogation process become the heart and soul of the marketing argument. In other words, right? Like I can look at the E5 method and I can just through through interrogation.

If I was going to do an interrogation today, right? Like why why a big marketing idea why why unique mechanism? Why is a unique mechanism so important? Why is he unique mechanism so effective at differentiation, right? Why does he unique mechanism work?

I can talk about the structure of a marketing argument. Why is it so important to have a properly structured marketing argument? Why does a properly structured marketing argument work better than just a pure sales pitch, especially if you're going to lower awareness segments of the marketplace, right? All of those answers to those questions, ultimately become the bulk of the campaign argument. And so the beauty is as I've taught many times before and you guys have heard me say many times before the beauty is is that a properly done interrogation of the mechanism the Said behind which your product or service Works to produce the result, right a properly done interrogation not only ensures that we don't have a faux mechanism but gives us everything that we need to put together an airtight Rock Solid campaign argument right now, whether people struggle sometimes to be able to articulate that argument in a cogent linear.

Well thought out argument that's a different story. That's right that that's more about the the skills and the tools to be able to do that. Right which is why we teach people CBB chunks and the flow and and all that jazz. But the point is is that everything that we need to be able to prove why this mechanism is superior to everything else comes from the proper interrogation of the method the framework the process the system the unique mechanism and so does that make sense? That's before I go on and share one other thing.

Yes, yes. Okay good. So the second thing that I want to say, which is more appropriate to what is shown here than what it is that I just said is and I know that this sounds strange and crazy to a lot of people but when it comes to the naming of the unique mechanism, which is like I said nowhere near as important as the ability to articulate why the mechanism is superior. When it comes to the naming ultimately what you want is you want something that sounds scientific incredible. You don't want something that sounds cool for cool sake you don't want something that sounds um, you know, that sounds commercial or promotional, you know, it's why and and I want to be careful here while they can work.

Sometimes these names like, you know, um, These names like these. What do you call it? What do you call what's it called? When you've got like a a bunch of letters that stand for something like, you know an acronym right like so acronym like I said Adida you're on fire today. You know while those can can sometimes work.

They don't have the same impact as just a a scientific sounding name and when I say scientific sounding name, I mean like I want you to think about a name that Other people in the marketplace you could see other people in the marketplace talking about in their own presentations at conferences. You could see it being written about in a trade journal for the industry. You could see it potentially appearing in a you know, in a um in a textbook. Let's just say or in other people's you know, in other people's books, right like um, and so if you think about it like the big idea the Big Marketing idea for um, you know for getting attention for creating engagement that's talked about by others, right? It can be talked about by others.

The unique mechanism is now talked about by by others. My point is is that you are better off with a name that sounds scientific and doesn't mean anything to the prospect. What's so ever right? Then you are having a cool branded. Whiz bang name.

Right, that's the reality and so because right like in this context, so if we look at, you know boldcraft for example, and so and we go under the the campaign argument. Right and we look at use boldcraft to identify what content each search and social algorithms along your customers Journey look identify what content will engage search and social algorithms along your customers journey, and then which communication channels you should use so where my mind immediately goes is the idea of algorithm and content right algorithm and content and so for me the the unique mechanism like I would look at the Bold craft marketing framework is powered by the reason why this framework works the underlying mechanism behind it is, you know, is what we call you know, whatever you know is is what's called. I don't know content conversion, you know, you know content algorithm, you know, tripping or something like that, right? I'm just making that up. That's the another words.

The reason why this framework works is because of this right content algorithm tripping and let me explain to you the way it works. So in other words what I'm ultimately naming here is the process by which bold craft Works two leverage the algorithms for content to display the perfect content to customers along their Journey. Does that make sense? I know that this is like, you know, this is a huge discussion that we can have for you know for a long, you know, many many hours, but does that make sense? Do you see the difference between simply saying the boldcraft marketing framework which is really her brand which is really her program.

Right? It's not really to me the unique mechanism. It's underneath the the Bold crash. She's got the opportunity to leverage this idea of Right, like specific content that leverages the the algorithm along the customer's Journey. Like that's an interesting gem to me like right I would ask her like, what do you mean by that?

Right and from that that's where I would develop the unique mechanism and so any questions about that or anything that you would that you would share ask or add to what it is that I just said, so, you know, it's interesting and I'm so just tell me whether this is right logic or not, you know the same way when we're writing bullets or headlines or whatever and we kind of use that so what interrogation of you know, like to get the real core benefit that we're trying to to convey like when it comes to the name of the unique mechanism is Is asking you know. Like what is the powered by statement? Um you yeah like yeah, you you could you know another way to phrase that which I think is we're both getting at the the same thing is you know, like is why does this work? So if I said like, why does boldcraft like why does boldcraft, you know the boldcraft marketing framework? Why does it work?

But it's that I concept of taking it a level deeper than like because what most people will come up with is that sort of just I'm just gonna give my process a name full crap. Like I'm gonna call it the bull craft party framework, but you really it's that key step is that next level deeper of why that works or what powers it or yeah, like if you're gonna if you're gonna use a branded name, like if you're gonna use, you know branded name a commercial name a promotional name that really should apply to you know, your your, you know, like you're overall, um, your overall system your your product as a data said the deliverables But ultimately underneath what I'm looking for is is can you is there some science behind this like the difference between this bold craft marketing framework, which uses content? A lot of Frameworks use use content, but what this does and what sets this apart is this leverages what's called content algorithm tripping and this is wildly different from the way most others distribute content because with content algorithm tripping here's what happens and now I'm going to explain why in this this content algorithm tripping why it is able to produce sales and right why it's able to capture attention produce sales, whatever the whatever the promise is here. Right and part of that explanation is going to be that it uses and leverages the algorithm in a unique way to display the perfect content to customers along their buying Journey. Therefore, the response rate is significantly higher with this type of content.

Then the typical content blah blah blah and then I'm gonna go on to an explanation. So you see how right like we then can present. This this argument right like ultimately for why in this context why you know content algorithm tripping is the best way for you to build a loyal loyal customer base at sales or whatnot. It happens to to use content. It happens to Leverage The algorithm boom, and I've put it all together for you an entire system from A to Z and what I call the Bold craft marketing framework difference right, and I know that it might you know, it can be Nuance it can be subtle but that's that's the difference right like because ultimately And and this isn't always the case.

So we've got to be careful. I have to be careful making these black and white, you know, I'm statements. But ultimately what happens when I see the boldcraft marketing framework is right. I immediately think to myself. Well, this is the person that's what they came up with.

That's what they named it. Right? Like that's what they named it. It's branded. It's it's it represents her brand like that is right.

Like that's you know, that's her thing. It's not this. Hey, I discovered a new scientific approach. I discovered a loophole in the algorithm. I discovered a new way that we can you know distribute content that that you know does XYZ.

It just feels like she's gonna now articulate to me why she believes that her approach her marketing framework is better than the other marketing Frameworks. And so that's not what we're looking for. I want to be able to present something wildly different. I want to be able to say this thing is gonna work because of x x right is the X like it goes back to that it goes back to the earliest example of a unique mechanism that I gave from the P90X right when P90X they talked about P90X the Home Fitness thing and they talked about the reason why this works is because it leverages what's called muscle can Fusion let me explain how muscle confusion Works to keep you building muscle burning fat blah blah never hitting a plateau you see and then they go into this argument this explanation if you will, oh, why muscle confusion having a program a fitness program that leverages that uses that takes advantage of muscle confusion is the best way to keep your body changing and never hit a plateau and then once they've gotten Buy in on the muscle confusion Value of muscle confusion then they go right and that's what the whole entire P90X framework is built on. Right and and that's why it works.

Now. Let me tell you how you can get this we've put together the P90X home fitness program blah and they go into offer. So again, Ultimately in that argument what they're doing is they're proving that they're unique mechanism is a better way to get the result that you are looking for. Right it only mattered because they were talking about building muscle ongoing burning fat ongoing getting abs getting in shape looking amazing all that. This is a different way a better way than everything and here's why it's a better way.

They didn't just say it's a better way. They said it's a better way and here's why and here's the difference between this way and every other way every other way leads to plateaus this eliminates plateaus how and why muscle confusion here's how it works. And so imagine you continuing to burn fat build muscle getting shape. Right? Look amazing on going without ever hitting a plateau.

That's the beauty of muscle confusion. That's what P90X gives you now, let me tell you how you can get it and how quickly it's gonna work for you. boom Make sense. Yep. Yes.

So um and so we kind of talked about the the marketing argument. I just very quickly because I know I'm over already very quickly. Just want to touch on the superior irresistible no-brainer offer. And so I would say that this is not you know, it's hard to look at something and say right it's half price and you get all your money back. This is a great start to what could ultimately be developed into a superior is irresistible no-brainer offer, but merely half price with a money back guarantee doesn't make something Superior irresistible.

No brainer. Right, like that's the reality today. Unfortunately, right or fortunately depending on how you look at it. Right. The reality is is that half-priced offers discount offers with you know, these no questions asked money back guarantees.

They're all over the place at one time. It might have been a superior offer right Superior compared to everything else but in in the overwhelming majority of markets certainly that are powered or driven by direct response. That's no longer a you know, a superior irresistible no-brainer offer and I would take this one step further for Wendy and say that right she is ultimately looking to to teach entrepreneurs of some sort a marketing framework. She is in a wildly saturated and competitive market and that means that what is required from her to have a superior irresistible no-brainer offer is far greater than what is let's say required in the play guitar market for example, and that's not even the best example More but so right this is not you know, this is a great start this has you know, you know a couple of elements of a, you know, Superior irresistible no-brainer offer, but it's certainly needs a lot of work anything that you guys would add to that. Yeah, just in terms of the last sentence, you know does not increase your marketing knowledge.

So how can that be validated? Yeah, you know measured even how can that be? Like that's not the vet. That's not what they want. Anyways, like right.

Yeah. You see how and that's a great. That's a great point from from both of you guys. You see how right when you're unclear on what the promise is, right? Then we end up saying things that they don't really care about.

I don't no one no one gets jazzed. You know, I shouldn't say no one most people that are responding to something like this are not jazzed about merely increasing their marketing knowledge. Now if that was the primary promise right wrong or indifferent right then okay, we could go with something along those lines but like Teddy you just said that's not the outcome that that people want and so, um the other thing for what it's worth just you know, a little copy um nugget um is and I've talked about this is when it comes to any kind of guarantee, you always want to State it in the affirmative not the negative right? So you don't want to talk about if you don't get X if you don't see an increase in your sales, if you don't get any more new customers from this, if you don't build a loyal tribe, then I'm gonna give you your money back. Why would you want to introduce the neg?

Why would you want to talk about the negative in your copy? Right? I would say right like look, you're either Head Over Heels thrilled with the size of your new loyal tribe of people buying from you every week. Right? Are you send one email and you're gonna get all your money back, right?

You're either you're Blown Away by how many more people are buying from you are subscribing to your list. All right are buying multiple times whatever the promise ultimately is, or you can send one email and you'll get all of your money back. So I I like To always not only focus on the affirmative statement of the guarantee or the risk reversal, but I like to weave in benefits in there. You're Blown Away by how many more buyers you're getting by how many people are subscribing every day to your thing by how much more Revenue you're make I just I'm talking about benefits. How many more buyers you're getting how much bigger your list is growing every day.

How many more people are raving about you online or right? You send one email and you get all your money back. And so it's an opportunity for us to continue to focus on the positive and we've in benefits again again, right? I told you guys you've heard it said right. I've never seen a campaign not work because it's it's got too many benefits.

I've only seen campaigns not work because they don't have enough benefits. So I always look for the opportunity to weave in more benefits make sense. Yeah. So we didn't get the opportunity to look at her after version which could be and likely is far better than this but I will respond to her on on Facebook. But this was a this was a good exercise for us all of us any final words from you guys anything that I neglected to say or anything that you would add or ask.

No, good. Love it. All right. You guys are out of here. Appreciate it.

If you need anything slack me if not, have an amazing day. Thanks. I got it.
