---
title: "cc_2022-06-21"
date: 2022-06-21
duration: 36m
duration_seconds: 2181
vimeo_id: 722648479
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-06-21

**Date:** 2022-06-21 | **Duration:** 36m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

All right guys, so this week what I want to do. I want to do something a little bit different from what we typically do. I don't have any kind of slide deck prepared. Obviously, you know, we just got back from from top one. What a great experience great three days just tremendous tremendous group tremendous sharing love it.

And what I really want to do for you and really ultimately not just you guys and Teddy you're gonna hear stuff that I share at top one again, but I really am sharing this for the folks that listen to these recordings. And so I want to talk a little bit about one of the presentations that um, one of our main members gave specifically Jim Baker and I want to talk a little bit about what he did and how it ties into ebm content and ultimately what it is that we're doing when we design campaigns and then I want to just discuss it with you guys. So John Teddy, feel free to time in ask questions. Add your perspective. I really just want to have a discussion about this.

Like I said, this is really near and dear to my heart. It was so cool to see this presentation, which I'll give a little context and explain in just a second. Um from Jim it's near and dear to my heart because ultimately what Jim did during this presentation which is what many people did during their presentations was really the equivalent of ebm content. And so so Jim Baker is this wealth Building Wealth accumulating wealth saving expert. I was actually I knew that he was wicked sharp dude, but I was thoroughly impressed with his presentation and kind of his examples and metaphors and the way that he explained his blueprint his system.

And so ultimately what Jim did was he gave this presentation on a better way his way of accumulating, uh wealth and really then holding on to that well accumulating wealth growing the wealth and holding on to the wealth and this is part of his system part of the thing that he teaches but what he did ultimately in this presentation was he presented a contrast between the way the typical individual goes about trying to tired he talked about this idea of the treasure chest model and really what he was talking about was trying to save your way to wealth trying to save and ultimately use compounding and over a long period of time having enough money in this Treasure Chest to be able to retire and then live off of that treasure chest and he talked about and he presented this idea of that you end up living in the scarcity kind of excuse me mindset because When you do that, if you're if you're fortunate enough lucky enough to do that to accumulate enough savings, then you're watching your your kind of your savings this Treasure Chest get depleted over time and there's less and less money in there. If you're not replenishing it any compared and contrasted that model the typical model of saving for retirement the model that the ordinary individual or the typical individual uses against this idea of an apple orchard and ultimately this concept of really you want to grow and develop and nurture this apple orchard and then live off the apples without ever killing the trees in the in the orchard right the the idea like what most people are doing is ultimately there. They're kind of they're growing this tree and then They're ultimately cutting it down over time. He was talking about you want to accumulate cash producing assets. It was nothing groundbreaking in what it is that he was saying.

It's been said a number of different ways by a number of different people with a variety of different stories and metaphors and and examples and whatnot. But I thought that he did a tremendous job and he really went on to prove why the treasure chest model is an inefficient ineffective way to retire wealthy and he showed why the apple orchard kind of approach to building creating nurturing cultivating this apple orchard with assets that produce cash enough cash to pay for your lifestyle and then never chopping down the trees but constantly, you know being able to pick apples and being able to even have an excess amount of apples to plant more trees to grow to grow the orchard even even more And ultimately and Teddy before I go on did I did I miss anything is there is there more that you would add to that? No, no, definitely. Yeah pretty much sums up exactly what he covered. Yeah, but it was clean.

It was simple. It was very easy for everyone to understand. So yeah, and that's a great that's a great addition. Right? It was it was very clean.

It was very simple. It was very concise. It was easy to understand because of the pictures that he was painting and the the metaphors the analogies if you will that he was that he was using and ultimately in the end. He really led the the entire group to really recognize even those folks that have heard it before and kind of are aware of the value of cash producing assets income producing assets. He led everybody to this point where right the whole room realized that model the treasure chest model the typical model the the what the majority do is not the best way and instead this.

Apple orchard approach is the best way and he backed it up with evidence with support and with reasoning that was really very easy to understand and you could make the case. It was irrefutable. You couldn't really you couldn't argue with it. It was very obvious. It was very clear.

It was very clean. And then in the end, right he wrapped up and he said that's it. You know, that's all I got and everybody applauded and he sat down and it was really to me a great a perfect example of Education based marketing content. Now you could in this instance in this context you really we would say it was just education-based content, right? He educated.

Well, what was he doing? Right he was shaping perspective. He was reshaping beliefs. He was reframing things to see to see different elements of retirement wealth Building Wealth, um cultivation in the way that he wanted us to see it, right? So he was shaping our belief perspective Viewpoint the entire time and he was methodically Peace by peace building a case to understand why the apple orchard model was the way to go.

He wasn't using Slick salesman's you know salesmanship right? He's that's really the antithesis of who Jim is he wasn't using any weird NLP or takeaways. What was he doing? He was educating he was getting by in on the thesis that he holds that thesis that that belief that he holds is that that treasure chest is the wrong model. The apple orchard is the right model.

And so what did he do? He educated us on that on that thesis leading us to see what he sees ultimately leading us to adopt that same same thesis. Just like you would for any topic just like Teddy you would if I asked you to prove why you know crypto We're not gonna say as a hedge against inflation anymore, but why crypto is you know, potentially the wave of the future right you would present ideally for people that are good communicators and this is important understand for people. Are good communicators that are effective communicators. So not just good in terms of your your skills as an orator but effective communicators in that we are able to bring people over to our side.

We're able to get people to see the Viewpoint that we hold that we want them to hold. We're ultimately able to convince them. You would put forth an argument a rock solid airtight clean clear right concise argument that was effective that moving somebody from the perspective that they currently hold to the perspective that you you want them to hold and this is we do this naturally in many areas of our life when we're when we're having conversations with people and we're we disagree and we're asked to kind of share why you believe that or tell me you're like help me to understand like convince me convince me, right? What we're ultimately doing is putting forth an argument and if we ask anybody if I ask John why you know, John tell me. You know, why do you believe the paid traffic is better than free traffic organic traffic or whatnot John would if he had the time in the space, he would put forth an argument, right?

He would educate us on his Viewpoint all of this right I'm saying the same thing in a variety of different ways from thesis is the same as your belief your perspective. Your your viewpoints educating is really putting forth that that argument making certain claims and then backing them up with support with reasons. Why right when Jim was explaining the negatives of the treasure chest. He was explaining why what made it in effect of what made it inefficient. Why most people fail with that model what it does to their to their mindset to their mentality, right?

And he was explaining the value the impact the outcome from the apple orchard kind of approach and he was giving us the reasoning the support the evidence. He wasn't simply just Rattling off stats and statistics, right? I don't even remember if he quoted many stats and statistics. He quoted a couple but it was right it what was he doing? He was giving us the reasoning he was giving us the the rationale he was presenting right this argument built on logic.

Well, the reality is is that the difference between education based content and education based marketing content is that education based marketing content is leading somewhere specific right is leading to that one buying belief what we call the campaign thesis that is needed for somebody to buy when we roll out the offer. So the reality is is that right? Like Jim had no offer at the end of that presentation. He ended it everybody applauded New Perspective new Viewpoint new understanding different way of seeing the world of of Finance if you will and wealth building and and retirement, right and all he had to do was in the end was Segway into an offer for his apple orchard method or the apple orchard blueprint and that would have turned it from education-based content into education based marketing content marketing because we are strategically intentionally. Purposely aiming somebody to a particular belief a belief that is needed so that when we roll out the offer they are presold.

And so does that make sense? Like it's a beautiful thing in in motion right when you really when you really see it because right there is no difference. There does not have to be this difference between what Jim did which was just education-based content with no offer in the end and education-based marketing content. All he had to do was tag, you know Segway into an offer right at the end and that's why I've taken the last, you know, three years to assemble right the most comprehensive program for getting wealthy leveraging this system of the apple orchard. Let me tell you everything that you get let me tell you what it's gonna do for you and how quickly it'll work for you and the boom he is into the offer so see the thing that the reality is, is that a good argument a good sound argument that brings somebody from their current perspective to the perspective that we want them to have is really no different from the marketing portion of a of a marketing.

marketing campaign Does that make sense? anything that you would add to that anything that you want to discuss about that because it really is such a it's unbelievably, you know, I was asked while I was there I recorded a A recorded a like an infocast like an interview podcast thing with Joel irwig great marketer great great webinars and infocasts really really wicked good at those things and one of the questions that he asked me was like what's one of the mistakes that you see people newer people newer entrepreneurs new or marketers me when they are trying to craft this kind of, you know, this campaign this type of campaign this education based approach. And I said to him there are a lot of different mistakes that people make but I said one of the ones that I don't I don't often talk about because it's really just a mindset shift for for folks is they go into salesmanship mode. They go into copywriter mode. They think that right like they look at what Jim did Right, and they get it.

They see it. They understand it. They understand the value of what Jim did they understand and can recognize that Jim, you know LED people to a different perspective, right? They understand they understand that right? Maybe not they weren't exposed to Jim's presentation per se but you want they understand the model the idea the approach but for whatever reason when it comes to crafting their campaign, they immediately go into like salesmanship mode and they think that they need to start talking about their product.

They need to start pitching features advantages benefits. They need to start using weird language, you know, NLP salesmanship, they need to start to early on incorporate these takeaways and they need to do all these weird things. And the reality is is that you don't that's not to say that um, that's not to say that certain Advanced tactics like framing early on and planting the seed and identity shaping and all that isn't a value but if you look at what Jim did at top one it was a Beautiful almost Flawless example, right and because he was in presentation mode because he was in education mode education specifically about his approach. He didn't he didn't dilute it with he didn't he didn't start bringing in all these weird sayings and triggers and tactics and techniques. He kept it pure and it felt pure and it came off pure and it worked.

And it worked. And that's ultimately what it is that. That were that we're doing and so any questions anything that you guys want to add John anything that you would add. Just to obviously I didn't see James presentation, but I did get access to a slice and I'm gone through slicer. I'm looking forward to watching the presentation but at the end of it.

Knowing Jim know what he's about and nobody was presenting you could have a field that if he was presenting this to to people as educated as education based marketing at the end of it are going to be like taking. I need an orchard. I need an orchard. What can I do to get an orchard? So when you're prospects say that at the end of your marketing argument that I need this the sale is so much easier.

Yeah, I mean they that's why we say right with the E5 method right that you perfectly set up the sale this the the prospect is almost pre-sold because right the reality, is that right so in gyms example, so this this apple orchard right that ultimately you could make the case just for this example. We would say that that's the unique mechanism right the apple orchard approach. It's not I'm not saying that it's the perfect unique mechanism. I'm not saying that it's named correctly. I'm not saying that it was intended to be the unique mechanism by Jim but in this example it right it was it served as the the mechanism and so by the end of Jim's presentation everybody right for the most part wanted that mechanism wanted that apple orchard.

So now when Jim goes and makes his offer afterwards and he is the only one that is offering that unique mechanism in this context in this example the apple orchard system, right? We are pre-sold because we already want the mechanism that the product will deliver that the product is based on right and so the thing to understand and again to recognize you guys know this you've heard me say this a number of times The unique mechanism and the product are not the same thing the unique mechanism in the product are not the same thing. The product is what delivers the unique mechanism in other words the product the offer the deliverables all all of that, you know, all those things. Those are how you get access how you benefit from the unique mechanism how you can get the payoff of the unique mechanism but the product and the unique mechanism are not the same thing and that might seem like a Nuance but it's not because it because what it allows us to do is for the overwhelming majority of of the marketing campaign 75% We're we're able to use education-based marketing because we're not talking about a product at no point in time was Jim talking about a product and offer a bundle. He was talking about the value of his unique mechanism, right and he was shaping and changing our Active to understand that his apple orchard approach.

Is superior to the standard approach to the typical approach leading us to like you just said John to say at the end like dang. I want an apple orchards. Like that's exactly what I want. I want an apple orchard. I want the apple orchard growing.

I never want to have to cut down the the trees. I want to be able to have enough apples to you know, to to fulfill my you know, Hearts content and have some left over to continue to grow the apple orchard like gang that's what I want. Right? And and now right like the reality is is that and I've said this so many times I've said this for years that right at the end, you know, when you've done a good job with the marketing portion if people are like I want that and now they right if you don't make them an offer, they're either like, how do I get that? What do I do or they begin a quest of their own to try to find out right how to do it, right because now immediately afterwards I'm thinking.

All right. Well, so I need to learn you know. Every possible cash producing asset that I can invest in like I need to start the way the risk and now right but if Jim would have just said here you go like I've put this together for you so that you don't have to go to do the research. You don't have to resort back to the treasure chest, right? And because I love you guys.

It's normally 3,000 bucks. I'm gonna give you the opportunity to get it today for 300 we would have we would have erupted in a massive Applause and been like thank you so much Jim right? Thank you so much. Meaning we would have been thanking him for the opportunity to buy thanking him for the opportunity to give us right to give him our money. That's when you know, you've done it, right?

And so John you're you're absolutely right. And again, what is that based on it's based on a sound clear crisp easy to understand argument if the argument hasn't LED somebody right? Like if Jim didn't Need the room. To recognize the value of that apple orchard method the value of the unique mechanism right meaning that he didn't lead the majority to say I want that that's exactly what I want. That's exactly what I need.

Then he didn't present a good enough argument right because a good enough argument and effective argument changes perspective. You heard me talk about Teddy right on day one. I believe it was of top one this whole idea of shaping perspective of the now perspective and the New Perspective right the the perspective that they have coming in perspective of that many people had coming in maybe not so much in that room. But certainly the ordinary individual is I've got to learn how to save for retirement accumulate over time save enough of a nest egg to be able to live off of that. That was the now perspective.

Jim needed people to have the New Perspective. He needed to take them from the now to the new the new being that apple orchard. That the treasure chest the saving the the accumulating wealth The Nest Egg. No way the likelihood of it working is going to be slim. It's not the blah blah.

The apple orchard is the is the way to go that takes a sound cogent argument. Okay, anything that you would add? Yeah, so I mean, you know and this is where you know you we hear a lot about people sometimes that are you know afraid afraid to make the offer or afraid to ask for the sale, right and it's like like well you just stated right when you make the presentation that compelling that powerful and you've shifted the perspective that way like you're doing them a disservice. If you don't offer them something to buy right you send them out and say go figure this out yourself, like, you know, it's you're actually making it harder for them. Like now now they're in this Quagmire of okay, I believe you you just change my mind and now like, you know, certainly a big open loop and could be manipulated from a marketing standpoint.

Leave it as an open loop and come back later and be like, all right. So many people ask me I didn't have an offer ready, but that's more manipulative. But but just the fact that you know, You need anything even to some degree? You have a responsibility? If you are going to shift somebody's perspective like that to offer them the next step.

Yeah, that's so that's such a great Point man because right it's it's almost like you've you know, you've created this need right? You've shown them like that's not what you need. This is what you need. And if you don't make the offer you're like, that's not what you need. This is what you need.

Good luck. You know what I mean? Like you're sent, you know, so if anything you've created more internal turmoil, right like you've created, you know, we talked about on day one this whole idea of you know, we do want to create internal conflict, but we don't want to leave somebody with internal conflict, right we want to create internal conflict and then give them the the life raft, right? We want to give them the solution that will alleviate that and so the thing that you don't want to do is create that internal conflict create that internal turmoil show them that you're going down the the wrong path. This is the right path and then leave them to try to figure it out on their own because like you just said Teddy you've done Massive disservice the other thing that I want to that I want to point out then this is a question that this is a question that I that I've I I get I used to get somewhat regularly and I think it's a bit of a fear that some people have when they hear education based marketing.

There are a lot of a lot of marketing experts out there some very Savvy people intelligent people people that are you know are wildly are good at what they do that talk about Don't you know don't educate don't teach right don't teach and I want to clarify. I want to clarify something. I'm not I'm not sure if what it is that I'm about to say is exactly what they mean. But I'm gonna clarify the difference between what we're doing and teaching. So if we go back to Jim's presentation for a second, so what did Jim really ultimately educate us on what did he really ultimately teach us, right?

He taught us that the old way or the common way is not the good way and that this new way. of the apple orchard is the right way and he taught us why and he taught us what it can do for us and he showed us, you know, that it was That it was easier and that we can do it and that there's a clear path. The mistake right? So that's that's call it we're using information and education to change a perspective. Right?

But what he didn't do right what he didn't do was he didn't educate us on the how to and I'm not saying he left out right? Like he left out Nitty Gritty details on purpose or anything like that, right or you know, he only had a limited amount of time but what he didn't do is start to get into the Weeds on here's how you pick out a rental property. Here's how you run the numbers right here is how you choose, you know, an ETF or whatever. Here's how you choose a read. This is what you want to look for.

Here's how you use the scanners. Here's how you look at charts and he didn't teach us the Nitty Gritty how to so when when we talk about education-based marketing right? We're educating enough to shape the perspective. We're right. We're almost telling them what and why and not how right Telling them what and why so we're educating in the E5 method in its purest form where educating them on this new and different way to get the result they want and we're educating them on what makes it different and why it's superior but we're not educating them on the Nitty Gritty details of how to do it.

And that's the difference. That's for the training right? That's for the program. That's for the offer. That's where you're gonna get the Nitty Gritty how to write in evm marketing.

Our job is to educate to shape perspective. It's not to educate so that they can execute it's to educate so that they come to a new belief a new view A New Perspective and then let the product the offer be the thing that delivers the how to the nitty gritty details for those that see it get it and want it and that's an important distinction because right I don't want people to think like there are a lot of people that in ebm they over-educate they start to get into How to they start to get into the execution of the unique mechanism or the strategy or the formula the marketing campaign is not the time or the place to start to teach them how to do it. It's simply to lead them to the point where they want to do it and they understand the value of it. And what makes it so different and so Superior to everything else. Does that make sense?

And the last thing that I'll say with this is that you know, there are one other kind of fear related to this evm content the way that we're we're structuring it is that sometimes you know the same people that want to or that have this tendency to over-educate they really want to deliver value right in this idea of deliver value is talk about often. It's even something that that I talked about it something that Gary Benz of anger. One of the greatest copy writers ever used to talk about that. All of your marketing should be valuable. There should be value in it.

And there should be this value. Um, uh transference I the reality is that what most people automatically default to when they think of I need this to be valuable is the how-to they think that right in order for it to be valuable. I have to tell these people what to do show them, you know show them how to do it. Give them the needy gritty instructions kind of tie a bow on it. Right and we've already established that no, that's not what you do in marketing.

That's what you do in your offer in your product. It's important to understand and to recognize that there is massive value and helping somebody to understand the difference between the path that they're on and the path that they want to be on and helping them to understand both emotionally and logically why the path that we're we're talking to them about we're showing them is the right path, right? So you're still giving them an aha, you're still saving them from going down the Wrong path, you're still teaching them the right way or what is the right way to go about it and why so that they have this this emotional buy-in and this logical or rational buy-in and so that's still is valuable right? It's still valuable, right? If somebody said to you like look if somebody said, you know, look you don't want to do um options that expose you to a margin call you want to do all you know, you want to do covered calls because it protects you because it prevents you from blah blah blah and money for having your account.

Well all of this stuff and that's the way to start when you're new options Trader that person did you a tremendous service by explaining that just because they didn't explain to you how to bring up think or Swim and do a covered call and walk you through it and write and timing or anything like that doesn't mean that it's not valuable right? It's just a different form of value. So Understand that when you're giving people ahaz and realizations and a different perspective and you're you're doing it with their best interest you're truly showing them a different and better way and explaining why it's a different and better way and the impact on them that is enormously valuable. Even if you never get into the nitty-gritty how-to's and so very important make sense. And so any final words, I just really wanted to cover that again and and drive that home.

I took you know, I took a bunch of time at the end of top one to really make sure that everybody understood that because oftentimes it's you know, it can seem like this when we talk about evm content and we talk about the heart and soul of right like, you know an E5 campaign. It can almost seem like it's this foreign alien thing. We're talking about this whole new way of communicating that right is is a is totally like uncommon to me but it's not it's so much closer to what we naturally do every day. Then is traditional sales copy traditional sales copy is really extremely foreign to the majority of people because traditional sales copy is not how we communicate. It's not how we talk.

It doesn't use the verbiage the words the phraseology that we normally Do but in an E5 campaign built on ebm content is so much closer to what we naturally do and it doesn't require crazy sales skills. It doesn't require crazy copy skills. It doesn't require knowledge of you know, slick NLP or anything like that. Right? What it does require is you understanding why your mechanism is different and is superior and being able to using the using the E5 method being able to put forth a convincing argument that leads people to where we were sitting there listening to Jim saying dang man.

I want the freaking apple orchard right like dang dude. That's what I want. Right and quietly hoping Jim was gonna make an offer to everybody. You know, that was like a I want to give you all access to it. Um, right but that's the that's the beauty and so any final words you think back to the reason why Jim's work.

So well when you put together a presentation was because he knew that he wasn't making an offer at the end. And then if that's part is that part of the solution for people who do default to sales copy the do feel to default talking about their offer to maybe purchase solution is doing it in a way when they're going through to E5 campaign presenting their argument as if there's no offertine. Yeah. Well, it's interesting because the coaching team really does an extraordinary job today of of really helping people kind of almost almost looking at the first 75% of the campaign as it's own entity. Right?

Like right. It's own entity. You could see how right like look Jim put together a beautiful presentation that did its job of shaping our perspective right absent of any of any offer you could then just button on to that a segue and offer and my man would be money and I told him afterwards I said like That presentation and do that man do that. I think that you know John it's a it's an interesting point because a lot of people just they have this heart that they sit down right to work on their campaign and now they're like copywriter mode sales mode, right like who else wants to mode? You know, I'm at the piano they laughed mode right like and they get in and they and they struggle to break free from that.

The reality is you have a point you have a thesis. You have a belief that you want other people to have. We're just presenting the case. Of course, there are some nuances we know that like I went over the cpb structure, you know, which recovering E5 and all that but like it's so much more pure and so much it's it's so like you gotta fight that tendency to whip up a sales presentation and that's not what we're doing and right and you know, that's not what we're doing with the typical E5 campaign. And that is why and I've said this for years and we'll end with this.

That's why at the end of an E5 campaign. It is not uncommon to have people. Thank you for putting together the offer. Thank you for putting together the offer why because they get it. They understand the enormous value of the unique mechanism.

You've helped them to see the wrong path and to see the right path. And you're now the person that has put together an opportunity for them to get on that right path and for them to get everything that they need to reap the rewards. It's such a beautiful thing in motion. I'm gonna continue to preach this from the rooftops man because when you see it and you get it, like I was sitting there finding myself with Jim just every piece like stocking literally at the end. I I said to myself internally, I'm not even joking when I say I was like I want that apple orchard.

Like that's what I was like that's exactly what I want. And that's when you know, you know, you've done a masterful job and when you can keep it pure like when you can fight off the tendency to sales marketing copy, it's like NLP weird blah. Language patterns and all this and you can keep it pure and and present The Rock Solid airtight emotional and logical argument man. It is it's just a powerful thing. It's a beautiful thing.

And so there you go guys. That is all she wrote for today. If you need anything. I'll be on slack. If not have an amazing day gents just
