---
title: "cc_2022-06-14"
date: 2022-06-14
duration: 38m
duration_seconds: 2312
vimeo_id: 720349319
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-06-14

**Date:** 2022-06-14 | **Duration:** 38m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

All right, what's going on gang? I am obviously back from Greece super excited to be jumping back into these weekly marketing trainings with you guys. Obviously today with top one this week. I am recording this for you guys. Some of you all see in at top one.

Others of you, I will see next week when we are back live today. I want to share I want to share something with you that is really been on my mind and something that I've been working on for a little while now in preparation for a special three-part presentation that I'm actually giving at at top one. So again, some of you will will see this In a much longer presentation of this week, but for the rest of you I really want to share this with you to kind of give you some insight into what I've been thinking about. I'm gonna bring up a presentation slide deck in just a second. Let me actually share my screen here and then bring this bad boy.

Let's do this. And then I'm going to bring up this little presentation right here and for you guys this little slide deck I put together for you to give you a glimpse into what it is that I've been thinking about and I'm calling this engineering the moment of truth. Now before we dive in I want to start with this I you know, it should be obvious to to you guys. And gals that there are a lot of marketing truths that don't apply in every circumstance. In other words.

There are things that are there are marketing methods marketing strategies marketing truths that are are applicable in only certain circumstances and not others. For example, if we had a you know, if we had an offer lead if we were working on a campaign. And it was an offer lead where we are obviously leading with in the deck copy the offer a buy one get one free a crazy discount or something like that and we were using a very direct lead and we were talking to to buyers on our house file. There are things that we would do and say that are truths that are principles that apply like if we have buy one get one free having free in the deck copy if the price if there's a monster discount having that that monster discount right in the deck copyright in the headline. But if we weren't using a direct lead and offer lead obviously that campaign would still have an offer in the end.

And even if that offer in the end was of an indirect campaign was buy one get one free or was extremely discounted. We wouldn't put that discount that the word free in the deck copy in other words because it's indirect the lead needs to be indirect. And so what is true or what is necessary for a direct lead? It's not necessarily true or needed for an indirect lead. And so while with an indirect lead, there are certain truths and principles.

Peak curiosity, um, you know, sometimes we we go purely blind in the lead where we never reveal the solution. Sometimes we go blind in an entire campaign, right and when you're going blind, right you want to keep it blind. You never want to peel back the curtain that doesn't always apply when we're using a very direct lead and we're not trying to be curiosity in the in the leader in the campaign. Then we're not even gonna be talking about you know, how blind should we keep it and so my point in sharing that with you, is that what you don't want to do what you have to be really conscious of and intentional about is that you don't take truths that apply in certain circumstances and then say yeah, but what about this Todd? What about when I when I heard you say that like we're the there's buy one get one free.

And so we need to have free right in the in the deck copy. Right? Well that applied because we were using a direct lead, right? We were using an offer lead and now maybe we're talking about A very indirect lead we're talking about a story a story lead therefore that no longer applies. And so you just have to recognize that oftentimes we talk about certain principles and you have to be aware of the appropriate application and there are times when it is appropriate and there are times when a marketing truth, you know, a marketing application is not appropriate.

It doesn't mean that it's it is right or wrong because it's all about context and so it's important that you understand that you're gonna you're gonna see why I'm sharing that with you in just a second. What I want to talk to you guys about is I want to kind of begin your thinking and we're likely going to be talking about this more but I want to talk about what is referred to as engineering the Moment of Truth The Moment of Truth for the prospect putting them in a position in a Moment of Truth where they are faced with a very clear choice and we're gonna engineer what that choice is, but ultimately right what I want you to understand. Is that what we're what we're really doing. With all of our marketing campaigns that's in some form or fashion is we are engineering a Moment of Truth. We're we're engineering this decision that they have right?

We're putting them in this position of you now have a decision to make you either choose to do nothing and continue on down the same path that you've been on doing the same thing that you've been doing or you make a decision you you choose to make a change and take a different course and respond to this offer which is going to do XYZ for you. There's always this kind of moment of truth that we are ultimately trying to engineer. We're ultimately leading the prospect to this point of you now have a choice to make this is why ironically You see in a lot of a lot of copy especially copy like on ClickBank especially like in the you see this often in the fitness health Wellness weight loss kind of space where they do the crossroads close, right? You're now at a crossroads right now, you can take path a or path B right a choice you can now continue to do what you've been doing and hope that something magically changes and you lose that weight and all of a sudden you're metabolism kicks into gear overnight and You Begin melting all fat for some magical unknown reason or you can take this other path and you can respond to this offer and you can start burning blah blah, you know x y z that is a moment of truth. Right that is putting the prospect in a position a clear position of you now have a choice to make well there is a right way and a wrong way to engineer This Moment of Truth.

There's a kind of a subtle way and a more powerful way and I to talk to you about kind of a one of the ways that I use that I do it almost a bit intuitively. I want to kind of break down a little bit of the psychology of how it can be done. This is not the way this is one of the ways that this can be done. And so this requires a little bit of context for you to understand and so let's start with this. So creating a change in somebody's perspective in somebody's understanding in somebody's belief in the way.

Somebody sees kind of the world around them the way somebody sees their circumstance creates the conditions for a change in behavior. In other words, really. The way to think about this is that almost always almost always a change in behavior stems from a change in perspective. Now that change in perspective can come about on the prospects part where they see things differently. They now see themselves as unhealthy and so they want to take action to get on a fitness program a nutrition program or they now realize that they're in over their head in terms of debt and they want to make a you know, they want to get out at that.

They want to change they want to have a budget they want to make more money, right? They want to reduce their expenses, whatever it may be. Or they they decide that they want to move why because the area that they're they're living in is no longer meeting their needs right? That's a change in perspective. And so the thing to understand is that when we create a change in the prospects perspective, we create the conditions right perfectly aligned for Behavior change and I would really go as far as to say that we need to create a change in their perspective in their understanding in their beliefs.

If we want to stimulate the action necessary for them to make a change in other words, you have to understand that that a responding to an offer is ultimately deciding to make a change to do something different right to take an action to fix what it is that I've been doing to change what it is that I've been doing to improve what it is that I've been doing right? It is ultimately a decision a choice to make a change well in order to to lead somebody to To make this change to choose to change that needs to be be backed with a change in perspective. And so I'm always kind of thinking about how do I change and craft and mold their perspective to what I needed to be right? And this is an important distinction. I'm always thinking about what is the perspective that I need them to have?

What is the misunderstanding that they have? What is the wrong belief the wrong perspective the the wrong understanding that they currently have that is really keeping them doing what it is that they've been doing or keeping them doing the wrong thing. And what is the perspective the belief the understanding that I need them to have so that they will want to meet a change and that change specifically being taking advantage of our offer now of course look, This can be done. Um unethically right immorally, right? Like you can like this, you know, it's it's the you know, it's it's what's used by politicians.

It's what's used by Cult leaders. It's right and so it's certainly can be used unethically and immorally, we're right. I'm doing this from obviously or we're doing this as a team from the perspective of we've got an amazing solution a solution that truly fixes the customer acquisition or client acquisition problem that 90 plus percent of entrepreneurs have and so I ask myself what is the perspective the belief the understanding that they have that is incorrect that is keeping them from taking the right action using the E5 method right crafting their campaigns the right way based on the message based on differentiation based on the unique mechanism based on education based marketing right based on cpb chunks based on a campaign thesis based on right a, you know, an interesting. Emotionally compelling Big Marketing idea, right, you know, what are the beliefs the understandings? What is the perspective that they have that's keeping them where they're at right now that is wrong.

That is incorrect. And what is the perspective that I need them to have so that they will want to make a change so that not making A Change Is Almost forfeiting on their goals? So to speak is kind of not making a change is just accepting that things are aren't going to get better. Um, so that they're in this position to take action. And so again creating change in perspective creates the conditions for a change in Behavior.

This is also why as a side note why I do I love content. I'm not talking about content marketing you guys know, you've heard me talk about this, you know in meetings and and behind the scenes. Oh, I mean just recognizing the value of again really you could take that content and put it under the heading of education-based marketing. I always look at education education based marketing as really changing perspective changing beliefs changing understanding. That's really what we're doing.

It's just that we're not trying to change perspective change understanding change beliefs to anything right just to show them how smart we are or to give them some new random willy-nilly perspective or understanding. I am trying to change their perspective their understanding their beliefs to what I need them to be to what are necessary for them to take action on our offer to want to make the change that we are telling them that they need to to make and so you're gonna understand more about this in in a second. The right perspective and I put that in quotes because you're gonna see it is a certain perspective and I could have said the a certain perspective a specific perspective the right. I'm calling it the right perspective created for the prospect leads to the Moment of Truth the moment of truth that I want to create for them. Which I'm going to break down for you guys and gals in just a second.

Let's call just for this meeting right now for this training session right now. Let's call that right perspective the persuading perspective right? So I I named it that for this little training session because what I want you to understand is that it is the perspective that is necessary for them to buy right it is ultimately the the set of beliefs the set of understandings the the right Viewpoint that is necessary for them to buy. That's what I mean by the right perspective. Remember, I'm always starting with what is it?

Right? What is it that I need them to believe to understand to see to recognize that they don't currently so that they see our solution. As the necessary solution the necessary path and so we're going to call that going forward for today the persuading perspective. Okay. Now the excuse me, the persuading perspective that change in beliefs understanding Viewpoint blah blah creates the moment of truth and it forces the prospect to make a choice and it's really in essence kind of really there are four.

There are three main choices that they can make but there's there's really four and break them down right here for you. Then I'm gonna show you how I do this, right? So all of this is just giving you kind of context this is laying the foundation laying the the framework if you will So the persuading perspective the right perspective creates This Moment of Truth and it forces the prospect to choose either one. I'm going to give up what I believe to be true about myself or the world. Now what I mean by that is really right.

I'm gonna give up what I believe. Um, I need to do right what I believe about the the my problem is I'm gonna give up what I believe is a is the the right action to take if you will write another words. I'm I'm giving up I'm willing to forgo I'm willing to put aside what I thought was true. What I previously believed about my myself about my company about my marketing about my positioning about my my presentation about my car whatever right? I'm willing to to give I'm willing to give up give give that up.

Really I'm willing to put that aside number two is right. I'm willing to give up on how I've been going about looking for the answer the Sol. Meaning right? I'm going to show you an example from our world just one example in a little bit and you'll see how this comes together meaning right ultimately an hour world. One of the things that people do the major mistake that that I've I've kind of I've preached as passionately as I as I probably passion more passionately about this than anything else is that the magic is not in the in the model the funnel model whether you're using right like the it's not, you know are using a webinar using a vsl or using a live Zoom session.

Are you using a long form sales letter or using right like or and the magic is not in the model and the magic is not in the medium. It's not you know, there's no magic in direct mail, like just taking a message that didn't work online and changing it to a direct mail piece doesn't solve anything. Right? And so I always say the magic is not in the model or the medium. The magic is in the message.

The magic is in what is actually being said, right? Is it resonating with prospects? Is it nailing exactly what it is that they want? Is it demonstrating differentiation? Is it proving why the solution the unique mechanism is not only different but is superior to every other option or past specifically for the prospect's needs.

The reality is that there's so many it's it's kind of baffling to me. It's crazy to me to think about how there are people that you know, there are entrepreneurs online on in Facebook on Facebook. Social media conferences whatnot that Alaska another entrepreneur like how you know, like what are you doing? How are you doing? So well, and and that entrepreneur will say like we really we use direct mail and they think that that is the answer like the the entrepreneurs asking the question of what are you doing?

And then hearing I'm using direct mail, they think that oh it's direct mail and so right all I got to do is then take my message that I've been using that hasn't been working and turn it into a direct mail package and then send it out they and they don't realize that the magic isn't in direct mail. The magic is in what is being said in the direct mail package. What is the hook? What is the primary promise? What is the point of differentiation?

What is the the offer? What are the benefits how much easier like How much more attractive is the solution being offered right it is the the message right? Not the medium not the model and so here we're right. We're we're using this persuading perspective. We're changing shaping molding their perspective to lead the them to This Moment of Truth where they possibly can say, I am going to give up how I've been trying to solve this problem.

I I now realize right I'm choosing to you know, I realize that how I've been going about trying to solve my customer acquisition problem or my lack of customer generation, right? I realize that that's not the right way to do to go about it. I Now understand I now see it. I now get it right I get it. I understand what I've been doing wrong.

I understand what I've been missing and therefore I'm willing to give up on how I've been going about trying to find the answer to this problem trying to solve this this problem. The the next choice that they have is really I'm going to give up on what I want. I'm gonna just give up on my goal. In other words, right? Like, you know done correctly.

We're leading them to a point where they either say, right? Like they they have this realization that like, all right. I understand. I've been going about it. I've seen it the wrong way.

What I thought was the problem. What I thought was the issue is not the issue and therefore I also realize that the way I've been going about trying to find the answer or solve the problem is wrong and I'm willing to to give up on that right? Excuse me. I'm willing to forego on that and maybe give up is not probably the right way because it sounds like a negative but I'm really saying kind of I'm willing to put aside what it is that I thought was true to accept a new truth. I'm willing to put aside what I thought is the solution for a new solution those first two choices.

Are are ultimately okay. They're ultimately a good thing. They're ultimately a sign of maturity when you can realize that what I thought was true. What I thought was the issue is not the issue. And what I thought was the right solution is not the right solution.

Therefore, this is what I see. This is the right solution and therefore I'm in I'm gonna do it this third one here on giving up. What I want is is really just saying, you know, all right, I'm gonna accept, you know, I'm not willing to change I'm not willing to um to accept that I was wrong or I was misinformed or I was misguided or I just misunderstood. I'm not willing to accept that what I've been doing is the wrong solution and so I'm just gonna um, you know what, I'm gonna roll with it and see what happens and it is what it is kind of like saying like I'm willing to just accept what it is that I've been getting. That's what I mean here in this context when I say give up what I give up what I want.

That the fourth option kind of is similar to that give up what I want, but I just wanted to mention it here what the Moment of Truth when done correctly and I'm gonna again we're gonna get to this in just a in just a couple minutes when when done correctly when we've when we've created that persuading perspective and we've and which leads the prospect to This Moment of Truth. What ultimately I want to do is I want to put them in a position where um doing the same thing that they've been doing not making a decision to act and just continuing to do what it is that they've been doing creates a significant amount of emotional pain. It creates a significant amount of cognitive dissonance because they now recognize that what they've been doing is not the right way to do it. What they thought was the problem is not the right problem. In other words.

I'm leading them to This Moment of Truth where they either have to accept that. I'm going to continue doing what it is that I've been doing knowing understanding that That it's really not the right. I'm not addressing the right problem. I'm not there for using the right solution. So I'm either willing to just give up on my goal altogether or just accept what it is that I I've been getting right that kind of defeatist mindset or I am willing to forgo on what I thought was the truth and accept the new truth and I'm willing to forgo on what I thought was the right solution for a new Solution.

That's what I mean. In this context when I say the moment of truth, you know, ultimately what I want to do is try to create this moment where in action not taking action creates a significant amount of internal conflict, right? That's I want to create right and that requires us to shape their perspective that requires us to call it use education-based marketing to show them that what you thought was the right what you thought was the real problem what you thought was the issue or what or the the course that you're taking to try to get the result you want is missing something is there's a gap in it. There's right. It's it's off the mark right?

And so you can either do kind of one or two things. If you will that crossroads you can continue doing what it is that you've been doing and continue getting the results that you've been getting knowing that it's not the right path. It's not the right problem. It's not the right solution or right you can do this, but what I don't want to ever allow them to feel I don't ever want. I don't ever want to allow them to feel that if they continue doing what it is that they've been doing.

They're on the right path. That's what I mean. When I say this Moment of Truth like and it has to be there has to be that emotional tension of realizing like I'm either doing it wrong or I can do it. Right right. I'm either pursuing the wrong solution, right?

Or I can pursue the right Solution. That's what I mean when I say that persuading perspective and so right we're gonna talk more about this in the in the future got to understand right that conflict. I said, I want to create tension. I want to create internal conflict conflict drives choice, right? Because when you have conflict, that's when you look for choice.

I can either continue to just deal with this. I can either continue to write or I can make a change right and so conflict drives choice and choice drives change and so right I'm giving them. I'm creating this persuading perspective to ultimately give them a choice which is extremely painful, right which is either you continue doing what you've been doing even though it's the wrong path the wrong solution blah long problem, or you can make the right choice right over here and that comes through education based marketing content that comes through how we frame the problem how we frame the common Solutions out there and why they're off the mark and what they're missing and what they're not addressing framing. Either dealing with the things that they're dealing with why they're not converting right like or why they're not getting clicks on their ads or why they're paying an arm and a leg for their their cost per visit or why they're paying an arm and a leg for you know, they're they're CPA. And so that all comes through education so engineering, right and I'm kind of continuing.

I know I'm unpacking I'm repeating myself here, but I want to make sure that you get this engineering a moment of truth right is all about creating an internal conflict for our audience for prospects that makes in action. Like I said emotionally painful, that's right. When I again moment of truth, it's not it's not just a moment of choice. It's not just an option. It is a moment of truth, right?

I'm leading them to a point. Where now you understand now you see and now you have a choice And ultimately through that. Persuading perspective. We're creating internal conflict because we're ultimately saying that if you do nothing and continue down the path that you've been on man, you understand now why it's not going to fix the problem why it's the wrong solution why you're gonna continue to struggle why you're gonna continue to be frustrated or you can take the action that I've that I've presented to you. Right and you can respond to this offer and so not taking action becomes emotionally painful because of that cognitive dissonance now, I want you to understand that if we didn't change their perspective, If we didn't have that persuading perspective, if you didn't change their perspective, it wouldn't be emotionally painful because they wouldn't understand the fault the negatives of continuing to do what it is that they've been doing or even choosing something else.

Let's say right and so it's emotionally painful if they don't act on our offer because we've changed their perspective because we've shown them how and why the what they thought was the problem is not the problem and and how and why the the action the solutions that they've been pursuing or that they thought were the right Solutions. We're the wrong Solutions. It's the recognition of that. It's the understanding of that. It's the the seeing that the perspective that then they reach this point.

Where now that moment of truth is there's internal conflict, right and that internal conflict drives change because it creates choice of go down the same path right do nothing go down the same. path or make a change and so here is Right internal conflict is a conflict between what somebody wants their outcome their result their goal in our case consistent daily new buyer new client sales and what they believe to be true. Right what they believe to be true about the problem what they believe to be true about the solution what they believe to be true. That's what I mean. When I say about the either themselves or the world around them and then that conflict that internal conflict right puts people at odds with what they've been doing so far.

That's ultimately right what we are doing And so how is this really kind of Done Right high level high level view because again, this is you know, again, I like I shared with you. This is a snippet of a three-part three hour presentation that I'm about to give this week. Uh, you know, ultimately if we boil it down to the simplest kind of method for doing this is we're ultimately reframing the problem. We're reframing what they think is the issue. What they think is the cause of their struggle their frustration.

What they think is kind of the the right many people think the reason why they're not acquiring buyers consistently every day, you know in mass is because they're using the wrong model right? Well, if we allow them to continue to think that then they're not going to they're not gonna make the choice that we need. So we need to change their perspective. We need to shift their their perspective. And so we're gonna reframe the problem show you an example in a second.

I already kind of shared it. With you but we're gonna reframe the problem is something that is not currently being addressed by the prospect. In other words. I'm going to show them that what they thought was the problem is not the problem and the problem is actually different than what they thought and that different problem. They're not addressing the solutions that they are looking at don't address the real problem.

Right? And then ultimately what I want to do what we want to do and this is where the savviest marketers the savviest marketers understand. This is I want to reframe the problem as something that we have the only or the best solution for so I'm not just reframing it to anything. I'm not just reframing it to something different than what they thought. Um, right.

I'm always starting with the end and so for us right like I'm always right. I'll reframe the problem as right like you're not getting clicks. You're not getting attention. You're not getting engagement, right? Because you haven't properly differentiated what it is that you offer.

Don't have a unique mechanism and so because you don't have any unique mechanism and you only have a mechanism what you end up with is either a commodity or and or hyperbolic copy that turns people off and that's why you're ultimately not getting the response that you're after and only when you're able to effectively differentiate with a unique mechanism. Will you then be able to get the clicks the attention the engagement right the consumption of your message and then ultimately the the consistency of sales and so we're reframing the problem. This is a change in perspective reframing the problem and showing them what the problem really is and right right showing them what the cause really is of their struggle the source of their problem is a change in perspective. If we don't get them to see the reframe right in other words, if we don't get them to accept the reframe, then we haven't changed perspective. And if we haven't changed perspective right then we haven't set up the kind of the the necessary conditions for change for for action.

And so again, we're reframing the problem is something not currently being addressed by the prospect right something that they've missed something that they haven't seen we're showing we're proving it. We're demonstrating it through our evm content and right we're reframing the problem to something that we have either the only solution for we're the only ones solving it or we have the best solution for it and then we can back that up with right we have we have tangible proof and evidence and support for why it's the best but it's got to be one or the other right and that's ultimately what we're what we're trying to do. and so what we're really talking about here is recognizing that there is this now perspective that they have there's a perspective in a view and an understanding and a set of beliefs that they have now and then there's this New Perspective that we need them to have right that we're ultimately that our content that our communication that our messaging Is ultimately designed to establish, right? So this is right. If you really think about it.

This is at the root at the foundation of the E5 method. They stay come in with a now perspective with a certain set of understandings beliefs right a view of perspective. Right? And I know that I have to change that to A New Perspective to get them to understand and see what I need them to understand and see so that right. They recognize I now have a choice to make right and that is a Prelude to to change to change what people do we have to change how people see period to change what people do we have to change how people see if they're perspective Remains the Same there's no need for change.

There's no impetus for Change. And so to change what people do we have to change how people see and so that is all about perspective that is right. This is the example that I gave you earlier. This is one example, and this this goes a little bit beyond you know, this is there's a lot going on here. This is call it the you know.

I won't even get into what this is. We're gonna spend some time talking about these little statements right here, but I say this all the time, right the magic is not in the model of the medium. It's in the message. This is an example of a statement that I used to help begin to shape perspective to help lead them to this point where you've been hunting for the right model, but that's not the answer. It's not gonna fix a bad message a different model doesn't fix a bad message just like changing a hardcover book into a paperback or into a Kindle or into an audiobook doesn't change whether it's a good story or not.

It's either a good story or it's not regardless of the model regardless of the medium a bad message on the Internet is a bad message and direct mail a bad message in direct mail is a bad message on me the internet if it's not compelling right in direct mail changing it to online doesn't make it compelling. It just changes the medium which you're delivering that right and so just like, you know, just like changing from a vsl to a webinar doesn't make the present. Asian compelling enticing right? It doesn't make the offer better just because it's in a webinar instead of a vsl or just because right like it doesn't change that now. Yeah, of course there are nuances like, you know, there could be slight differences to the model if you're doing something live and you're into on zoom and you're interacting But ultimately at the end of the day if you've got a crappy message, right that message is going to be crappy regardless of the model in regardless of the medium.

This is an example of me helping to shape perspective. Right and part of that this perspective right leads to ultimately the E5 method, right? Because the E5 method is a big part of it is a tool to make sure that you've got the right message right that the message is nailed and so see how this little change in perspective right this little kind of, you know, sticky persuasive insight as as I call it right sticky persuasive Insight this sticky persuasive Insight which is repeatable, which is easy to remember which has some alliteration in here. The magic is not in the model or the medium. It's in the message, right?

It has alliteration done intentionally. It's a simple statement here. It also leads to my thesis to my stance to my right belief which is spot on as you know that it's all about the message and so right like this is part of part of shaping the perspective to Somebody to This Moment of Truth where they realize I can continue to hunt for the model. A better model I can continue to hunt for a different medium or I can finally take a stand and learn how to fix my message. Right and so change in perspective right persuading perspective leads to a Moment of Truth where they either accept that I'm either gonna have, you know, it's either gonna be emotionally painful for me to just say I'm not gonna take action on this and I'm just going to do what it is that I've been doing or I'm gonna make the choice to make a change and take advantage of this offer.

And so there you go engineering write a little taste of engineering the Moment of Truth creating that internal conflict making in action wildly emotionally painful for the the prospect to drive them to take action. And so we'll be talking more about this likely over the over the coming weeks. Some of you are going to see the full three-part presentation a top one. Um this week but there you go some food for thought. I really want you to think about right?

Like I really want you to think about this. I really want you to kind of ponder this idea of creating that internal conflict of making inaction very difficult emotionally painful for the Prospect and how that comes about through a change in perspective. Right? It doesn't come about just from hyperbolic copy. It doesn't come about like right that internal conflict that internal tension that moment of truth doesn't come about purely from a great offer.

Right a great offer doesn't create that internal conflict or that moment of truth a change in perspective prior to a great offer absolutely creates that internal conflict that tension and that moment of truth. Um, especially when that moment of truth when that when that perspective is the you've been doing it wrong the problem is wrong what how you've been there for how you've been going about trying to solve it is is not the right path and that's why Struggling right and here is the real problem. And here is the right way to fix the problem and here is an opportunity for you to do it with the best solution there is to to do it that creates that tension that creates that internal conflict that creates that moment of truth. And so there you go. That's it for today be back with you guys and gals um next week.

And so that is all she wrote for today. Take care of those of you go on a top one travel safe talk to everybody else soon. So bye everybody.
