---
title: "cc_2022-09-13"
date: 2022-09-13
duration: 56m
duration_seconds: 3369
vimeo_id: 749275402
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-09-13

**Date:** 2022-09-13 | **Duration:** 56m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

Okay. So what we're gonna do today, we're gonna do something a little bit different from what we typically do. We're not going to be in the weeds talking about um copy or ideas or unique mechanisms or anything like that. What I want to do is I want to give you guys a an overview of the email process the email system that we use internally now Teddy you're gonna be wildly familiar with the overwhelming majority of what it is that I cover because you're the guy that sees it all and sets it all up and triggers all the cool Automation and everything like that. But the reason why I decided to um to to do this, I want to make sure that everybody's really on the same page in terms of the the process that we use.

I really want you guys to understand kind of what we do and why we do it from an email marketing perspective. And again, it's very high level today just so that you understand the the system and the format but also because we we just did something For one of our top one clients. We came off a promotion that just did extraordinarily well for these guys, I think somewhere in the ballpark of like 230,000 dollars. We actually did what what took them. So it's kind of back up just to give you this for a second.

So I think we more than doubled their net profit with this and we a part of this campaign a part of this process what took them a year to do we did in two and a half days and so it was really quite productive for them. And the funny thing is that there's really no magic. It's really just super simple. Um, Very straightforward, but I want you guys to really understand it and and see it. And so with that what I'm going to do is I'm gonna share my screen and I think Teddy you probably could see I believe you have access to their account and so you can see exactly kind of how it went down.

And so some of this is gonna is gonna really make total sense to you, but let me share my screen and then let me go over here and share this little slide deck. So yes, you guys can see my screen. Yep. Okay, perfect. And so What this this kind of internal email system when I say internal email system.

What I mean is that this is the process that we use not with cold traffic but this is the process that we use same process that we used for this particular client when we're doing any kind of internal promotion. So when a new promotion is going live for a new offer a different offer whatever this is the process that we use with the house file to move people to buy this is really broken down into two main systems and This kind of goes back. This is a little bit of an evolution from something that we started doing really really many many moons ago when we were doing behavioral triggered marketing. So let me take a step back for one second give you guys a little a little context. So I would say so before E5 was ever a thing.

So before E5 was ever a thing when we had our original coaching program, the original coaching program was called the partnership coaching program PCP of all nicknames. So PCP was our original coaching program. And in that coaching program, we taught this idea of Behavioral triggered email sequences and behavioral triggered email sequences work like this, so, We were typically doing a lot of multi-part campaigns back then so we were doing a lot of let's say kind of multi-part video sequences. What you could really say is take the kind of the traditional product launch formula or product launch sequence. I should say not formula, but not Jeff's formula because we weren't really doing the full formula that Jeff talks about but we were doing these multi-part video campaigns where they were four videos in the campaign.

The first three videos were all kind of education based marketing content. We were never talking about the offer the product the deliverables or anything like that in the first three videos and then we were only introducing the offer in the fourth video. So the fourth video was really kind of you could call it. It's really the offer. It was really the offer presentation.

So if you kind of really think about it, you you've heard me talk about this is kind of funny because now you'll understand where this originates from. You've heard me talk about that that our our campaigns are typically 75% marketing 25% selling. So 75% education based content building up the value of the unique mechanism getting buy-in on the unique mechanism. And then only in the last 25% Are we Introducing the offer. Well, the original version of this was that multi-part video sequence where the first three videos were all education based marketing and the fourth video was the only video where we talked about the product the deliverables the offer and so on.

So a true 75, you know 25 Excuse me. Breakdown. Now, what we did was with those campaigns. Is we had everybody opt in to the campaign? So we didn't just start people in the campaign.

We we had people opt in to actually request access to this four-part video series. So you understand the reason why I had everybody opt in was because I knew that it was gonna be an extensive campaign with a lot of follow-up a lot of content and it was gonna run for a significant period of time and so rather than just register People based on a click in an email. I want the them to consciously choose to opt in recognizing that they were requesting access to this campaign. Now, what happened was for each of those videos there was there there was a an independency sequence. So I want you to picture this in your mind for one second.

So for video one, there was a video One sequence and I'll break it down in just a second for video two. There was a video to sequence a video three sequence and then a video for sequence and then like a Conversion sequence or what we used to refer to as an intensification sequence. Now the way that this work is somebody would register opt in for this multi-part campaign and then they would get an email to drive them to watch. Let's say video one now if they did not click on that video to go watch video one the next day they got another email about video one and it had a different angle a different perspective a different hook a different theme to get them to click on that link to go watch video one and let's say hypothetically they didn't click the link the next day. They got another email about video one driving them to go watch video one.

Now. If at any point they clicked on any of those links, so let's say they clicked on the you know, an email one. They click the link to go watch video one. Well, they were taken out of that video One sequence and then they were put into the video to sequence and then the next day they would get an email about video too. If they didn't click that email the Day, they would get another email about video two.

Now. The reason why I did that was because I obviously wanted to maximize consumption of the message this also carries over to why I don't put controls on videos because I want to maximize consumption of our EDM content, right? And so I don't want to what what was done years ago before the technology existed like Teddy will remember this when back in the day when we first started many many moons ago when we were still riding on horse and buggy, right? What happened was somebody would opt in you'd send an email for you know for video one and then whether they clicked it or they didn't the next day you'd send an email for video too and whether they clicked it or they didn't the next day after that. You'd send it an email for video three there.

It was back then it was a very linear process and everybody went through the process the same way regardless of their behavior. Well once we were able to you know with Use infusion soft and have for many many moons at this point able to kind of do it based on Behavior. We then moved People based on their engagement ultimately striving to drive consumption as as best as we could which means that in that type of campaign some people were moving through rapidly, right and some people were taking much longer to move through. It was all based on their behavior and how they were engaging with the campaign. So somebody didn't click on email one or email too and clicked on email three by the time they got to video two.

It could be it was four days. Let's say if they clicked on the email the first email for video too. Somebody else might have moved to video two in two days. Then what right and so you can understand the whole process of moving people through the sequence based on their behavior. Ultimately what we mean is they're engagement showing that they're interested in consuming, um a video or at a bare minimum clicking to go over the video.

We then evolved that system or that system evolved to the point where when we did the when we ever greened the six-figure funnel formula. What we did was at the end when somebody clicked over to go to video one at the end of video One a button appeared that said continue to video too and if they click that button they never got any of the emails about video too, right? So they went over to video too. They watched video too and let's say at the end of video too the button appeared for video three if they click the button for video three, they never got the emails for um for video three, right because they're moving through some people were actually able to register. Get go over watch video One Click the button watch video two, click the button watch video 3 click the button watch video 4 and buy having just gotten one email about video one and never any other emails.

Why because it was all driven and triggered by their behavior rather than just this linear linear approach. And so that was kind of the the backdrop if you will or the the Genesis of kind of of what it is that we do today. And so today what we do for these internal promotions that don't require registration. If you will, we have two main sequences that we use and these two main sequences are tied together. So it's really what you're about to see this image that you're about to see on this screen or this little diagram whatever that you're about to see this makes up our entire internal email promotion for any given promotion for any one promotion.

So the first sequence that we have is an interest Click sequence, right. I used to refer to it as an interest sequence. We refer to it as a a click sequence. And so this is the sequence that the list gets put into so Teddy so we'll so Teddy will take the list sometimes a segment of the list. Sometimes it is we will read certain groups out of the sequence.

Like we'll segment them out of the of this and then what happens is we put people into this sequence now based on their engagement with this sequence if they click on any of the emails in this sequence and you'll see this this will be broken down in just a second they get taken out of that interest and click sequence and they get put into the offer and conversion sequence. So now I'm gonna break these two down for you. So you understand exactly what's going on their purpose kind of a little formatting for each of these and what it is that we're trying to do, but this is it Right. So this is the whole this is the whole shebang right here for any given promotion. It's made up of two two different sequences.

That's it tied together by by what somebody does in this first sequence. And so let me break this down for you. So the first sequence that we we've got is this interest and um and click sequence. Now the whole purpose of this sequence the whole objective is what I call or what I refer to as we are lead generating out of our house file. What do I mean by lead generating out of our house file?

I don't mean that we are sending them to a registration page. What I really mean is that we're identifying the people that are interested enough in the topic to click a link and go over to the marketing and sales message. So let's just say for example that we've got a of I don't know of a vsl about let's say actually that we've got a a we've got the big bundle offer. It's a new offer that we just put out with 17 different trainings for the price of one just a tremendous bundle loaded with crazy value. So so ultimately what we're doing here is in this interest in Click sequence.

We are lead generating out of the house file to see who is interested in the bundle offer. Right the people that are interested in the bundle offer demonstrating their interest by clicking on one of these emails in this sequence. They're then going to hear about the offer they're going to be driven to respond to the offer. But the people that go through this interest in Click sequence and don't expect express any interest by never clicking on any of the links. They will never hear about the offer right so they'll never be they'll never be exposed to the deadline to the countdown to the deliverables to the reasons to buy right.

So ultimately what we're trying to do here is we're trying to keep the list responsive. We're only exposing the people that to more aggressive offer based on emails. We're only exposing those emails to the people that have expressed. Interest clicked on a link in an email and gone over to the marketing and sales page. So the aim is to again to get people to identify themselves as being interested in this topic in this offer so that we can then talk to them about the offer and the people who never express interest by clicking a link.

They never will hear about the offer so that what we're not doing is we're not quote unquote hammering people about the offer that never expressed an interest in the offer. So we're not just blasting out offer-based deadline-based emails to everybody. We're only we're only messaging the people about the offer and the deadline and the reason to respond now that express interest And so does that make sense before I go on? Yes, okay, so there really is no, um, crazy Rhyme or or there's very little what I'm about to show you is well here let me just show you this so as of right now what I've kind of fallen on is two emails per day for three for three days at 8:30 am and 8:30 PM. So I used to do 8:30 AM and then like 11:30 am and I really felt like every time I would mail late right late we would get this.

Um, we would get a different kind of response. So every time I I would instead of 11:30 every time I would mail at night at 7:30 or 8:00 or 9 o'clock, right? I would get a different response and I believe and this is pure speculation that it's just um time zone related right that you know, it's time zone related and so for sticking to this two hour window or three hour window very early in the morning that it might be most appropriate for People in a particular time zone but it's not that appropriate for people in a different time zone. And then by the time they get to their email inbox or email or our emails are buried and so started doing it at 8:30 am and 8:30 PM originally when we did this it was one email a day and right was just one email a day. And so I really feel like and felt like as and believe that as just people are being inundated with email right that the reality is is that you can see from our open rates that the overwhelming majority of people aren't opening right at any given point.

So it's not like we're getting a 60% you know open rate on any one email and so my thought process was let me mail more to give me more swings of the bat. So it's kind of like the way that I look at it as you know, if you if you mail, you know, three if you mail once a day, let's say for three days, then you really get three swings at the bat. But if you mail twice a day for three days you get six swings at the bat and so you just increase your odds. Yes. Do you increase the the potential for people to opt out and get annoyed?

The answer is yes, but I'm not marketing based on the people that are opting out. I'm marketing based on the people that are gonna respond. I'm marketing to drive resp. So it's very similar in my mind to what what you guys have heard me say before that. We don't Market.

We're not when we're marketing. We're not trying to reduce refunds. We're trying to increase sales. Right? Like I don't operate with this mindset of let me reduce refunds when we're marketing or let me keep refunds to a bare minimum.

I'm always looking to how do we increase response? How do we increase response? And I've said before that I would happily take A bigger a bigger response, even if it increased refunds a bit as long as the response outpaced the refunds. Well, it's very similar here right that I would I'm fine increasing our opt-out rate if it means that we get an increase in response. Now look this is not an exact science.

I'd love to be able to tell you that like it's you know, the numbers are are flawless and they're tracking and accuracy and that it's it's proven beyond a shadow of a doubt. This is more gut and feeling for me and again wanting to take more more swings at the back now for what it's worth. Right what we've been doing the last just what we recently started to do is on this sequence on this interesting click sequence. There is a one-day delay meaning that if we drop people today, if I said to Teddy Teddy, let's put you know, put this segment into into ABC interest and click sequence today put them in it today. Well, it will wait a day until tomorrow morning at 8:30 am to mail and so I'm doing that more just for kind of consistency for me kind of uniformity right in other words rather than all right, you know rather than this this interest in Click sequence.

We we launched a three PM eastern time the next one because we finish later we launch at 5 PM, right or the next one. We launch it. I wanted to just try to keep it as uniform as possible. So when we put people in it starts at 8:30 am the next day 8:30 AM and then the second email goes out 8:30 pm. And so does that make sense?

Anything that you would add teddy as the as the Maestro of all this Tech. Um, no, I didn't the only other thing is obvious, you know, the the more granular stuff about tagging somebody that's been through the campaign. So they don't go through it again specialty, you know, if you start chaining these sequences together and more of us cycler campaign, but that's yeah, let's scope of this. Yeah. Well, so it's it's interesting because for what it's worth and maybe we'll we'll Circle back and there's you know, like look a lot, you know, there's a lot of obvious.

There's a lot of speculation in what it is that I'm about to say, um, but you know, the thing to really understand the to to really recognize is right when you look at you know, when you look at let's say let's say you put I don't know you put 10,000 people in the interest in Click sequence and let's say that out of 10,000 people you get I don't know 2,000 that click a link in there. Right? Well what that ultimately means is that 8,000 of the people that you that we put into that interest in Click sequence. Never saw the offer. So what a lot of marketers will do is say well these people they're not interested in the offer.

Like they're not gonna buy it's not even worth it. But the reality is is that 8,000 of those people never even saw the offer, right? They never even saw the offer. So right and we know that people have a short memory and so the reality is is do I believe that you can take that same click sequence and expose those 8,000 people to the same exact click sequence six weeks later and get a different result from those people. The answer is absolutely I do because we don't know why people didn't click at the time not interested Under Pressure who knows it could be any number of reasons.

And so what this really means is that once you have set this up once you do have the potential to roll this out again, it's not like a one-time thing. You can roll this out again not only to new people on on your house file, but you can roll this back out to the people that never clicked and people have a short memory. It's not like they're gonna remember like, oh I got that email six weeks ago. I don't even remember emails. I got yesterday.

And so the reality is is that you have the ability to to repurpose these now to get a little bit more granular without getting into the nitty greedy gritty details and maybe we will at some point on this. These are what I call topic based messages. So when I say a topic based message, right, so The the big bundle offer is a unique offer because for us because there's no EDM content. It's a straight offer pitch. Most of our campaigns are EDM.

So let's say let me use a different example. Let's say I was sending folks to a vsl that ultimately that in the end offered the John Ford training on leads. So we had John Ford out the foremost expert on, you know, the lead the first 3500 words and John, you know, we had them, you know, physically we and we film the whole thing, excuse me. And and so these emails that we send to people would be about the topic of the lead would be about like, do you know how to best open your campaign to prevent balances? Do you write like, do you know what to say at the beginning of your campaign to set the emotional hook right back to the matter is the lead is one of the most important elements of the camp of a campaign.

And listen to what John Ford has to say about you know about your your lead. So it's topic based. And of course the topic is related to the topic that's being talked about in the let's say the vsl. Right? And so it's topic based the other thing and this we kind of I think we talked about two weeks ago Teddy when we were talking about email, um, the and we were talking about the email the campaign that was previously created by somebody on the team and I had it go in and and clean it up.

So these emails are typically and I don't this is not like a hard and fast rule. I'm really sharing how I approach these and how I think about these emails. These emails are typically short they're typically short emails, right? So they're short emails. They're typically blind and what I mean by blind is that right?

They're curiosity driven. So we're not revealing. You know, we're not talking about go check this out. There's an offer Onto the offer. We're not we're talking about the topic, right?

They're typically short. I like to call them teaser emails right there. Sometimes referred to as Lyft note emails right where it's short it's blind it's curiosity focused and it's really to the point. So it's not these lengthy stories. It's not this whole hoopla.

It's not this like indirect approach to you know, last week I was having lunch and and blah blah. I'm not saying that those can't work. I'm just saying that I have found that shorter tighter, um emails just perform much better in the interest in Click sequence. Then do these longer more kind of elaborate elaborate emails. And so topic based short blind curiosity driven and to the point, of course, just one thing on that right like so this is because I think this is critical too, right like now that you know, there was a time when the when those long Emails and more body copy made sense.

And that was when we could still kind of gauge response based on even just open rates which still you know, based on subject line. Right? But like now that open rate tracking is pretty much out the window as well. The only thing you can really measure Effectiveness by is the click. So the only goal of that email is to get a click.

It's not to get somebody in their reading it like there is no there's no time on email metric. Yeah. Yeah and and look and and you know, and I want to be careful right because right it's it's I would really say for lack of a better phrase and there's probably a better way to describe it. I'm really looking for a qualified click or what I should really say is an interested click, right? So I'm not trying to use deception or I'm not just trying to get the click to get the click sake right.

I'm trying to get the click from somebody that I know is interested in what it is that they're ultimately gonna hear about because remember I'm trying to do is I'm trying to see who is interested in this particular Topic in learning more in getting more help with this in understanding more and getting more training with this. So we are. Ultimately, just trying to get the click. Um, but we're trying to get the click from an individual that is interested in the topic. Hence why an interest in Click sequence and that's why I like I really have referred to it for the longest time as as an interest sequence rather than just a click sequence, right?

Because if again, you don't want to take the mentality of I just want the click because then there's a lot of things that I would say in that email just to get the um, just to get the click and so, um, the other thing that I believe is that I believe that more and more and this is been for a pretty significant amount of time already but more and more people are reading and consuming their email on their phone on their mobile device. And so this is why for me short emails also formatted the right way where you don't have the when I say the right way, I mean, you know for like, they're not intimidating looking they're not you know, they don't have huge chunks of copy. They don't have, you know, six and seven line paragraphs in there very simple. Very similar to the formatting that we apply to a long form sales letter where it's got to be easy on the eye here. Right?

Most people are consuming their email on their mobile device. And so I want to make it easy to read inviting and I don't want them to open it like I open emails and I often judge whether I'm gonna read the email by the length of the email. So when I open an email and I see that it's this long whole to do. I'm like I'm out man because I just don't I'm not like I don't have the time for that. I'm not interested in consuming that on my on my phone and so short blind curiosity driven right teaser lift note and and these are varied right?

So sometimes like let's take the example of the lead the importance of the of the um of the lead I could talk about like, um, I'm one email could be about like bounce, you know bounce rate. Like are you getting you know are people hitting your vsl and the majority are they bouncing within the first three seconds? It could be about did you know that there are you know, eight different types of leads and the lead that you choose for your campaign right is based on a number of factors. Well, if not go here to understand more right like so those are two different angles two different kind of themes if you will and I would come up with four or five more really six more different themes. Um for this sequence all though in this example related to the lead so that again when I get the click, I know I'm getting a click from somebody that's interested in learning more about the lead.

So what I'm and I want to be clear about this, right? So what I'm not doing is I'm not keeping it. It's not really 100% blind in that I'm never talking about the lead like I'm not saying do you want more do you want more sales? Do you want to generate more customers? Right?

Like would you like to convert more traffic into I'm not because that's not necessarily indicative of an interest in learning more about the lead. See that's not specific enough right for what I see as the purpose of this sequence. So I need to make sure that they know the topic so the topic isn't blind but the secrets the information the gems the Nuggets about the topic are never revealed in the email if you want that you got to go over to the um to the video, right? And because we use education based marketing there is always some you know, a-haz and discoveries and there is valuable information being revealed. And so that's the interest in Click sequence make sense.

And then the then we've got the second sequence and this is structured similar to the interest and and click sequence here. Obviously, the purpose is to convert click the clicker into a buyer, right? Ultimately. The purpose here is to drive them to respond to the offer now. I want to give a I want to give I want to share a potential.

I don't want to call loophole but there is an issue that you can fix with tech. There is an issue with the thinking behind what I just said here. So I just said we want to right we want to get them to respond to the offer and you're gonna see in a second how these are these emails are really offer driven. They're deliverable and benefit driven and their response driven. The reality is is that you can send people over to a vsl and just because they click on a link to go over to a vsl doesn't Mean that they've seen the offer in the vsl, right?

It is quite possible that they that they that many people clicked went over to the vsl. And they they bailed within the first five minutes two minutes three minutes 60 seconds, whatever right? It's not only possible it happens. And so you certainly if you want to Go the Distance what we what we certainly can do Teddy's done this, you know many times before where you would have a series of of conversion sequences based on the prospects consumption of the video. So in other words, if somebody only consumed let's say, you know up to 50% of the video or or 50% or less of the video.

Well, we would drop them into let's say a conversion sequence that is really driving them back to finish the video teasing them about what they missed in the rest of the video, right? And then let's say we might have another conversion sequence for people that let's say let's keep it real simple and say they consumed up until the moment of the offer right so they watch the whole EDM content and never saw the offer. And so for those people we would put them into a different conversion sequence that conversion sequence would drive them back to hear about The offer right? And then of course, let's say there's a third segment and that are that that is people that watch the video and watched it through the offer or through a portion of the offer. They would go into They would go into if we're if we were doing consumption tracking on the video.

They would go into this sequence right right here. The reality is is that we keep it very simple and for the overwhelming majority of our videos, we don't use consumption tracking on individual vsls here. And so everybody gets dropped into this the moment that they click on any one of those emails and the interesting and and click sequence. They then get moved over here now. This works also the same way.

There is a one-day delay at the start of this and then the next day the the campaign begins. And again, that's just to keep it that that uniformity of 8:30 AM 8:30 pm. Before I get there one of the things that we neglected for a very long time, which I can kick myself and it's it's amazing. It's the whole what do you call it? The cobbler shoes right kind of thing right where the cobbler's always the one with the banged up shoes.

And so so every offer has a deadline. And what we've what we've really what we've what we've recently begun to to do or to use is we use deadline funnel. So deadline funnel the app from our buddy Jack born What deadline funnel does is it's Evergreen? So it's a real Evergreen deadline what that means is let's say that there is a four-day deadline. So I want you to follow me for a second and if you've got a question about this fire away at any point, but so somebody clicks on one of the emails in the interest and click sequence and then they go over to the sales letter.

Well the moment that they hit the sales letter, let's just keep it real simple. There is a four-day deadline. We are giving them four days to respond. Now that four days is the same for each person when they hit the sales page or the marketing and sales page. So the vsl the long form sales letter they have four days.

So somebody clicks on email one in the click sequence and then goes over to the sales page. They're taking out of the the interest in Click sequence. And now they have the next four days to respond to get the deadline. If a person doesn't click on email one and doesn't click on email to the evening email and doesn't click on email three day two the first email and then clicks on the second email on day two of the interest in Click sequence. And then they go over to the sales page.

They also have four days. So it's the same four-day deadline for everybody. So in other words, it's not a fixed date deadline when we do a live campaign and it's not Evergreen. We will typically have a fixed date right meaning like it's you know, it's whatever it's September 21st at midnight or whatever, right? That's the deadline no matter when you go into the campaign same deadline, the beauty of an evergreen deadline is that it allows you to put everybody through the same conversion sequence.

So now everybody goes through the full conversion sequence no matter when they hit the page somebody. Can hit the page next week. They also individually have four days. Right? So this is an individual deadline that allows us to put each person through the same conversion sequence.

So rather than some people going through the full sequence other people going through 80% of the sequence other people going through 30% of the sequence some people getting in getting to the sales page on the very last day. Everybody goes through the same conversion sequence because everybody's conversion sequences driven by a four-day deadline. So in other words here, it is not necessarily a deadline for the offer. It's a deadline for that person to respond to the offer. Does that make sense to everybody?

Yeah, right. And so it's a beautiful thing because right um, because it's not an artificial countdown like right where they can then go back three weeks later two weeks later like and it's available like when they hit the page and now it's a four-day deadline if they never go back to that page for another five or six or seven days when they go back to that page. They're deadline is is expired done. They will automatically redirect to a I'm sorry you missed this offer page, but another person who never visited the offer right and hits the page today. It's live for them and active and they have a four-day deadline.

And so ultimately what this is doing for us is it's giving us more consistency. This is my thinking with this it's giving us more consistency with the results. So that over time we're able to know every click is worth x amount of money for us, right like every time somebody clicks on the interest or click see or one of the interest or click sequence email. They are worth x amount of dollars to us over time. We're able to see that.

But if the if the conversion sequence changed all the time based on each person and you know when they came in, then there wouldn't be any consistency to the data. It would be hard to know right? Like what is a person worth if different people were exposed to different elements of the conversion sequence and so make sense. Yeah, that's the thinking and so important anything that you would add to that Teddy. Now just only that they're you know, the the reason we use deadline funnel is because like it's just that a whole nother level than most of the countdown timers.

You'll see built built in the clickfunnels and things like that. Like it's you can't just delete your cookies and reset the timer. It's not right. Right. Yeah, it's it's a beautiful thing right like that.

You can't it is a real deadline for each person. So for me it certainly, you know, I feel like I'm operating from you know, a place of Integrity with it where it's not like it's certainly not a bogus countdown timer. It's not you know, it's not a countdown timer that counts down to zero and then nothing happens or if you refresh your page the countdown timer just starts over right? It's not it's a real deadline for each individual person when we say that it expires it expires for that individual person and if they go back three weeks later two weeks later if they delete their cookies, it does not matter they're deadline is done. And what's your reason for the reader or Watcher or the deadline?

So what what's the kind of the justification that I give? Yeah, so it's great question. So so it it depends on the offer. I'll tell you this is a great question because so I met with a one of our top one clients last week and he said I had asked them this question about and you're you'll also understand in just a little bit why I'm so bullish on this type of deadline. Why why I'm bullish just on a deadline in general.

Um, but he said, you know, we were talking about driving more strategy sessions for his funnel and he said that the strategy session the take rate on the strategy sessions are low. He said they're conversion on him is great and they deliver the goods and blah blah. And so I said to him You know, what? Is there a deadline? On the on the strategy session and he said to me well, how do I put a deadline on the strategy session when like we want to make them available, you know into perpetuity, you know, like we want to make them available forever.

So how do I give a deadline and and remain authentic? He says it's the answer. He said was no we don't have a deadline. And so and so I said to him I said well well look you don't need any more of an explanation then then look there is a deadline link to this offer. Why because I know that most people procrastinate and I don't want to see you procrastinate on this because it's far too valuable for you for me to allow you to do that.

And so my way of pushing you to take action is to tie a deadline to this so you have four days to respond. Nothing wrong with it. Right? Like I'm being straight up and like look like right. So if there is no, you know if there is no deadline because the workshop is beginning on X date or at X time or there is no deadline.

You know, there's no like I'm just gonna say right. Well, like look, I I know that you'll procrastinate on this most people will procrastinate if you don't have a reason to respond right now, you're gonna procrastinate on this and what's gonna happen is it's gonna be out of sight out of mind and you're gonna forget and I believe that this is far too valuable for you right for me to allow that to happen to you. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna light a fire under your butt and so I'm tying a deadline to this and so if this is something that you see as valuable if you recognize that this is gonna help you that this is gonna change your life. Then you just need to respond before blah blah before X date or before, you know, four days from now, whatever it is. That's it doesn't have to be much more than that, right?

Um, you know, it's also very similar to you know, we talk about out, you know We talk about you know, giving a reason why like reason why marketing and reason why marketing like we've talked about it in a number of different contexts we talk about, you know reason why with ebm content when you're off when you're making claims and right giving a reason why it's true, but then we also talk about like when you give a discount give a reason why and you've heard it said and I believe that it was Dr. Charles Deanie who really was the one who first talked about this in his book The you know influence. Um, and that is he said giving a reason why is far more important than the reason why right? So when you give a reason why it's it's far more. It's far more valuable that you give a reason why then is the actual reason why right he talked about the whole right?

If you guys remember if you read the book influence when he talked about the people online at the copy machine and like, you know, like one like my kids in the car, whatever and then somebody else was like right I can would you let me cut in line because I have to make copies like like a rid. This reason why and the compliance rate was, you know, virtually the same right? And so the reality is even with a discount like your reason, why could be right because I want to I'm excited to do something cool for the tribe. Doesn't really have to be much more than that. Right?

Like it doesn't you're acknowledging like the reason why I decided to give a discount is because um I can and I'm jacked to do something really cool like this for our tribe doesn't have to be much more than that. Right? And and so but rather than just ignored and not say anything and so there you go with that. The rest of this stuff is pretty simple and straightforward. This is two emails per day roughly for four days.

It's not always that the four days is not an exact science what I what I really should what I really mean by that is that none of this is an exact science, right? So for all I know nine o'clock 9:15 AM could work better. I have no idea. I've never tested that and so none of this is an exact science, but the reason why I say Four days, it's not always four days because my thinking because we bundle offer right with the bundle offer. It's a straight.

It's a direct pitch it is it's an offer. I really felt like I ain't gonna have a whole lot more to say after four days write a follow-up on this on this bad boy. Um, and I really it was a four-day deadline but it really turned out to be three days of emails. And so I was like, I don't really have a whole lot more to say and so on this and because it's just a straight offer like either wanted or you don't I didn't feel like, you know, like five days of trying to twist their arm and convince them. It ain't gonna work but something that let's say if we've got more testimonials case studies if there are more reasons, you know benefits problems of being overcome, then I can link them it a little bit because I have more that I can say so remember Michael a handful of weeks ago when we were going over conversion chunks and more things to say, right?

Well, then I could make it a little bit longer. So call it roughly. Roughly four days with the exception of the last day which we're gonna get to in just a second. These are really offer based messages. So these are no more teaser lymph node.

This is now like right like you saw the offer or you're exposed to the offer, right? So they're offer based messages. They're a little bit longer and they're focused on deliverables and the benefits attached to those deliverables. So often times I might be talking about one deliverable. I might be talking about all the deliverables depending on the bundle that's being offered in there like what you know, like what it is.

I might just I might talk about I might this you here's what you get. Here's what it'll do for you, right, um kind of thing and so but it is they're a little bit longer. They're not teaser. They're not blind that's not about curiosity. It's now about the offer.

It's now about the deliverables and the benefits the last day so the day of the deadline, right? We will we will typically send out. Four to five emails on that last day. And the last day is where the urgency kicks in so usually right like on day one of the conversion sequence. I'm not talking about the deadline.

Like I'm usually not saying like you only have four days to get this because you know to me oh, you know four days or whatever it is. It's not you know is a lot of time right? Like I have a lot of time to procrastinate on that bad boy and so I don't want to introduce urgency too early. So I typically will introduce urgency the last day sometimes what I do is in the night before the last day in the second email the night before the last day in the PS, I'll have something like, you know heads up tomorrow is the last day for you to to respond to this something like something like that, but it's the last day where it is urgency driven. Typically, um, the countdown timer is included in two of the emails and then the very last email of the day is typically very short very direct and it's got the final notice last chance.

This is your last and final notice to you know, to to get XYZ. Um, you know, if you want to benefit benefit go here now, enjoy Todd, so it's typically very short just action driven. The really interesting thing. Is that what we've seen lately and I and I believe that it's it's not because there's any magic in these emails right? There is zero magic in these emails, honestly, um, I believe right we see this tremendous hockey stick like so we see this hockey stick response where the last day it just pours in and the majority of the last day pours in in like the last third of the day and so it's it's amazing.

How what we used to see Teddy will remember this with the original kind of launch, you know model if you will was you'd see a w you'd see like a spike on day one. Everybody would go and get the thing, you know, and so you'd see this and then day two of the open cart period it would go down and then they would typically introduce a new bonus and it would go up a little bit and then the next day it would go down and then the last day it would go up again what we're really seeing more and more is this this hockey stick and we're seeing it across the board for most right like we're seeing um, we're seeing it across the board and some offers even more of a hock. I believe that the pure. Offer-based promos we're gonna see even more of a hockey stick. So for what it's worth if you can follow this so and Teddy you've probably saw this so with the the the 1741 promotion.

Um, so when we started out when we started out we had I'll tell you when we started out. It was like a 1.3% conversion rate, you know, and of course Damian was like what's going on man? And I said to him like as I as I usually always do like settle down like relax like relax because you you know, like relax most people are buying the first time that they hit the sales page certainly not for an offer-based promo. Right? Like I don't know me personally I've ever hit a page and was like buying right now like unless I knew about it before and I went through Like a buildup and I was waiting for it.

And so then what we saw was with the full conversion sequence it more than doubled the overall sales conversion rate. So if more than doubled the overall sales conversion rate and so right going through the full sequence, so This is largely why I'm so bullish on a deadline because I just have seen the the enormous procrastination that right. If you don't give people a reason to respond now then why will they respond now? You'll always get hyper buyers, right? They'll always be the percentage of hyper buyers that jump right like the jump that are just their hyper buyers and they're they're in hyper mode for whatever reason whether they're a fan or they're just in that hyper consumption phase but the reality is that most people if they're if they can respond at any point in the future then what's the rush?

Like why do I need to go get my credit card now? I'll do it tomorrow. I'll do it later. I'll do it the next day. I'll do it when I get around to it.

And so that's why you need I believe that I don't I I will never release another offer without a deadline if it's within my control. I will never release another off and the interesting thing for what it's worth. So to tie this up and finish up and get you guys out of here because I'm over um show you part of what we did for the client is we had three deadlines actually, I'm sorry, we had four deadlines built in to this campaign for different deadlines over a total of 14 days. So there was like to kind of keep it really really simple if you will there was a super early bird which ran for like three days and then on the last day of that bad boy boom boom boom Spike, right? Email email email Spike, right?

Then it went down to then it was early bird and then it went down right until the last day of the early bird which was like three days later after that and then boom last day of the of the early bird email email just through the roof and then it came down when we rolled out the regular pricing and then right regular pricing right and then boom until the last day and then the last day email email boom spiked up again. And then what we did as kind of an afterthought. Um, we he was holding on a live event. And so what we did was we then rolled out a fourth deadline where we said if you order the recordings during the event during the event, so now this was about three days the event was three days. So for the next three days, right it went live on the first day of the of the live event and now they had three days to pre-order the recording so see how I tied in a reason why we were giving this discount if you pre-order the recordings now, they're not gonna be ready for you know up to 30 days.

But if you pre-order them right now, you're gonna get XYZ, you know discount deal bundle, whatever right day one day two last day email email boom through the roof. It was amazing every single time. And so Clayton make peace used to refer to it. He was the first one that kind of taught me or really shared with me this idea of building in deadline density into campaigns building in deadline density. Right meaning right people respond to deadlines.

This is why we talk about give people a reason to respond. Give them a reason to respond now, right and so when you build in deadline, right, so it was what what's the next deadline that we can roll out? And and again the interesting thing is most people would be like, oh you're sending four to five emails on the last day and you got four deadlines in there. So four times and like a 14 or 15 day period you're doing four to five emails on the last day. Yes and every single time it went boom boom.

Boom. Boom. any questions no, cool. No questions. Good Adidas you good, Michael you good.

I'm good. Yeah, okay. Hopefully that gave you some insight to what we do why we do it how we do it. It's very straightforward. Uh, you know, if there were some small pieces of advice like just tiny tiny pieces of advice that I would give folks number one, and I I've been saying this now for For just a handful of months, but number one male more.

Mail more you would think right like magic like, you know, how do we how do we do better with email mail more? Okay, that's number one like mail more because too many people are operating from this place of fear. Like I just sent them an email yesterday. Yeah and 90% of the people on your list didn't even see it. Right like that's you know, like, you know what I mean, like, you know, like or maybe 80% or maybe 70% if you're lucky right or maybe call it 60% So the majority of your list didn't even see it mail them again mail them again.

You would think that nailing them so often right like that they would um get burnt out now. Look I'm not saying that we're gonna continue to do that with that list into perpetuity right now. He's got to go back and he's gotta like roll out some value. Give a goody send out a cool PDF give them something send out a video right you can you gotta have this Push Pull, but when you're in promo mode go and then value value build up good will deliver more Goods keep them engaged. Um, and and that was the funny thing because for It's worth the the promo that we did his list was the the majority of the list was completely unresponsive like completely unresponsive.

The the majority there was one segment that was responsive that was opening and clicking the others were there were some segments that there was a zero percent open rate zero percent click through rate 0.1% Like they were virtually dead and that's because they never did anything to nurture the list or to build Goodwill or to deliver value likely over the last year and so right they didn't do anything. And so these people were virtually ignoring his name blah blah, we're gonna you know, we're gonna help them fix that over the next year, but there you go. Now you guys have a cool understanding of what it is that we do and and how we do it and why we do it and so you are Off to the Races if you need anything, you can slack me. If not, I'll talk to you guys next week.
