---
title: "cc_2022-12-06"
date: 2022-12-06
duration: 32m
duration_seconds: 1958
vimeo_id: 778585702
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-12-06

**Date:** 2022-12-06 | **Duration:** 32m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

True. All right. So as I mentioned in slack today, we're going to be looking at one example, we're gonna be looking at an example of a promo that is a good reminder of why we always need to keep our finger on the pulse of the market specifically when it comes to their beliefs. This is a really kind of this is a great example of how in some markets. Perspective perception can shift quickly.

Um, and therefore our marketing can possibly need to adapt to that shift and you'll understand more when I show you this example. It's very straightforward before I do that. I want to give a little context. So this is a little bit of a reminder for you guys on here the team and this is some added context for the folks that are lucky enough to get these recordings. So let me go ahead and share my screen over here and then let me go up and let me pull up this slide.

So you guys can see this little slide on the screen. Yes, cool. Okay, awesome. So one of the things that we talk about whenever we discuss the E5 method really this is something that we we talk about or is talked about in general when it comes to all of marketing and that is that everything begins with the prospect right? Everything has to come from what it is that we understand about the prospect what we understand about what makes them tick and and ultimately the outcomes that they want the results that they want the solutions that they're attracted to everything that we do and say and show and present in our marketing has to stem from the Prospect and an understanding of the Prospect and so of course in the E5 method we Begin with Stage 1 stage one is the most tedious of all stages, but it's one of the most critical and that is the the exam excuse me examination stage during the examination stage.

There are three categories that we look at three categories that we examine We Begin by examining prospects and we're going to talk about one of the things that we do and teach today in just a second but we start by examining prospects. And after we are done examining prospects, then we go on to examine competitors and specifically what we're looking at with competitors is we're looking at their marketing in terms of the promises that they're making the benefits statements that they're putting forth and whether they whether or not they're presenting a unique mechanism When we're examining competitors just to cover this because I don't want to leave this dangling out there and we look at those two things. Number one when we look at the oh and excuse me, and we also look at their offer. And so we're looking at their marketing specifically their promises their benefit statements and their unique mechanism if they have one and we're looking at their offer now, we're looking at their marketing, uh, not because we want to model it knock it off come up with a version of it, but we're looking at their marketing. So number one.

We we see whether they're using any kind of unique mechanism or not. It's important for us to understand what you need mechanisms are out in the marketplace so that we don't duplicate what it is that they're doing if we duplicate their unique mechanism. It's no longer a unique mechanism. It's just a mechanism. So we're not looking at competitors to knock them off to you know to funnel hack them for lack of a better phrase.

We're really looking to see what it is that they're saying so that we don't duplicate from a unique mechanism perspective. Of course, we're also looking at their benefit statements and their promises. We're looking for Trends things that we can learn from competitors. And then we're looking at their offer and ultimately we're looking at their offer because we want to put together a sin offer Superior irresistible no-brainer Superior Superior to what Superior to competitors just wanted to cover that as it relates to the examination of competitors. And then after we've examined prospects and we understand the prospects and then we've gone on and we've examined competitors then we move on to examining the product our own product and ultimately we're now looking at our product through the lens of what do what do prospects ultimately care about and want and and all that stuff.

What what are our competitors already saying? Not saying what are they offering? What are they not covering now? We can look at our product to ever the things that we need to say and present in our own marketing that we know is going to be aligned with what prospects want and that we know is going to differentiate from competitors. Okay.

Now you've got this little backdrop now, I want to go back to this webinar. So you're gonna see how this is all context leading up to this one example that I'm going to show you. So one of the things that we do while examining prospects is we do a web analysis and each of the letters in web stands for a different area that we're looking at and so first is we're looking at their wants and desires, right and this is kind of really marketing 101 if you will but we're looking at what is the first and foremost really what I should say that probably should put another letter in here. I just don't want to ruin web and that is that we need to understand what problem does the prospect have that we are ultimately solving right? What's the problem?

What's the pain point or what's the unfulfilled desire? So we want to know what is the problem that we are addressing and based on that problem? What does the prospect ultimately want to experience? What's the outcome? What's the result?

What's the payoff? What's the transformation? What do they want to experience? What are the benefits all the benefits that they want to experience that they they view as Valuable, right? What do they view as a desirable solution and ultimately on the flip side what don't they view as a desirable solution, but we need to understand ultimately.

What does the prospect want? Right? What are they ultimately want? What's that outcome and that we know is at the foundation of all effective marketing. All effective marketing is offering prospects of solution to an underlying problem that problem can be a pain point or that problem can be an unfulfilled desire.

But that's why people buy products and services they buy products and services for the result for the outcome for the for the transformation to fulfill a want or desire. And so we need to understand that right and that marketing 101 the next thing that we need to understand that often marketers neglect a bit is emotions and feelings. And so this is ultimately number one. What is the primary emotion that prospects are experiencing coming into our campaign as it relates to their Problem. So Clayton make peace.

God Rest his soul used to talk about this as the dominant resident emotion. Right? What is that Chief emotion that prospects have coming into the campaign our prospects coming in, um motivated excited. They're kind of fueled by greed or are they dejected? Are they disappointed?

Are they frustrated? Right? And so what are the emotions the prospects have what's the Primary Emotion that they have really and and really what are the sub emotions that they have coming into the campaign and then ultimately how do they want to feel when they experience the desired result the outcome the transformation so we need to understand those kind of those two states, right? We call it the now and after how do they feel now? What are the emotions that they're having now?

And how do they ultimately want to feel after and how will they feel after when they experience the wants the desires that they that they have now just a little f I you know, I think a lot of marketers a lot of our students when they first kind of learn this web analysis. They get caught up in identifying very specific like this is frustrating. How do I know if it's frustration or it's um, it's just disappointment and I think that the what what I always recommend is that we're not black and white creatures. There are a lot of great areas and there are a variety of motions. We're made up of a complex set of emotions and so it's a lot less about identifying the exact emotion that they're having and more about identifying the General State of their emotion and the words and phrases that can be used to describe there, um, their emotional state both now and after and so wants desires emotions and feelings and then we come to the third one and the third one is actually what it is that we are going to talk about today or the example It is that I'm going to show you and that is beliefs.

And in this context. It's important to understand when we say beliefs. Are there any beliefs that our prospects have that we need to be aware of so that we don't contradict those beliefs or butt up against those beliefs, um too early in the campaign that ultimately would make prospects feel like this person and I are not on the same page. They don't get me they don't understand me. We're not of the same ilk right like and a great example of this is in the financial in in the financial space in like for the Agora companies.

They used to talk about their Avatar. They talk about their Avatar as Grandpa Kurt and right they had this little doll that they used to give out to their copywriters to put on their desk Grandpa Kurtz and Grandpa Kurt. They used to say was like a white middle-aged 55 plus male, you know conservative in their political views ultimately leaning, you know, right more Republican in their stance. And so it would be a mistake for a copywriter to open up a promotion by let's say praising the clintons right right wrong or indifferent right whether they deserve praise or they don't deserve Praises irrelevant. It's that why would we do that?

Because that goes up against what it is that that audience believes they believe that those people are evil that those people don't have the best interest in the country of the country in mind yada yada. And so the point is that that's an example of a belief that we need to um that we need to understand we know that for example with attorneys that attorneys there are people that don't view attorneys in the greatest light right wrong or indifferent right there. There's all kinds of derogatory terms used to describe attorneys and what it is that they do that's an important belief to know when you're crafting a marketing campaign another great example. Of a belief that's important to understand is in the Alternative Health space in the Alternative Health space biohacking alternative hell more advanced supplementation. So not just folks that are using a multivitamin.

There is a very strong belief that the pharmaceutical industry is evil right is evil that they are keeping supplements. They're trying to take supplements off the off the off the shelves. They want to keep things for themselves. They have a profit motive. They want to keep us sick.

There is right a strongly held belief that the pharmaceutical company is evil. Therefore it would not be wise for us to open up a campaign by praising the pharmaceutical industry or by saying this comes directly from the pharmaceutical industry because we are immediately clashing with a strongly held belief of the audience. And so this is one of those areas. We're not talking about what do what is your audience believe and let's just go through all their beliefs because we're never gonna nail that right? Like we don't need to understand what they what whether they like, you know, mashed potatoes or not.

That's not what I'm talking about here, whether they believe that you know, you get the point the beliefs that we're talking about are beliefs related to the marketplace beliefs related to other vendors in the marketplace beliefs related to other Solutions in the marketplace, right? We know for example that if you go to the general public and you talk to the general public about making money online, there are a lot of negative connotations. There are a lot of negative views. It's scammy. There's a lot of you know fraud it's all nonsense.

Everybody's lying. It's right the whole nine and while there's there is truth to that in a lot of you know from a lot of folks, right? It's important for us to understand that General held belief. You've got to recognize that we're not Marketing in a vacuum, we're not starting with a blank canvas. We are not starting with a blank canvas and so a mistake that a lot of marketers make is they go into their marketing message.

They they begin to craft copy without an understanding of these General these these beliefs that Their audience has and they almost come at the creation of this campaign from their own perspective from their own belief points. So like in their mind, they don't they they recognize the validity of online marketing and the value and the opportunity in there. And so therefore they don't address all of these other beliefs that they personally don't hold that's a mistake and it goes back to what I said at the beginning of this call. And that is that everything must stem from the prospect. We've got to get out of our own way.

We've got to get out of our own head and we've got to see the world through their eyes not our own and in times I say to a lot of our clients students, especially Top one folks that are just wildly successful and have been in their Marketplace for a pretty significant length of time. I always say to them that odds are you're not the prospect the way that you think the the emotions that you have the fears that you have the concerns that you have the objections that you have the areas that you're confident in the beliefs that you hold are likely not in line with your prospects some may be but as a whole as a whole odds are it's not right. And so this is important and I share this in this context because we need to stay on top of beliefs right wants desires emotions and feelings. Those things in many markets in most markets is um doesn't evolve nearly at the pace that beliefs can right. So as the market changes as markets evolve beliefs evolve right and and believe perception of what's a valid solution and what's Not changes beliefs about what's new and what's dated about what works and what doesn't work those things evolve sometimes in some markets rapidly but wants desires emotions and feelings.

Don't right. They don't evolve as much and so in this context for today what we're talking about when I talk about you've got to keep your finger on the pulse of the market in this from the web analysis perspective. I'm talking about beliefs. And so before I go on and show you this example it just what and it's very simple example. It's not a whole lot for us to talk about but I'm an illustrate a point of what can happen.

If you don't stay on top of the marketplace, if you don't keep your finger on the place of the marketplace and something changes and you don't change with it. So does anybody have any questions about what it is that we just we just went through here? No, no, not me. Good Okay, cool. So let me get rid of this.

And now I am going to go over here and let me see. Where is this? Okay. All right. Now I want to show you something here.

How many of you I I and you guys might be out of the loop on this how many of you guys are familiar with this gentleman the liver King? Not me. I'm not but I want I want to be who doesn't want to be. Okay, so this is possibly in the health Wellness. Fitness even bodybuilding Community.

This is the biggest Scandal to hit in years. So this dude who goes by the name by the title liver King. He his business is doing about a hundred million dollars a year and he is a big Advocate. Oh huge internet celebrity huge internet influencer. I'm gonna show you some stats and just a second to show you how big this story is.

So this guy, um, he promotes this eating organ meat. So Damian, he's right up your alley eating organ meat he walks around. This is how he walks around all the time. You never see him in any other attire relatively other than this when except when he takes pictures, right and the guy he's got nothing on that. He's got a hat anywhere shorts most of the time and you know walks around like this, right and the guy is obviously Jack beyond belief, right?

The guy is is Is a monster now the guy he his um, let me see if I can show you on here his whole premise behind his whole brand are these nine ancestral tenants? And it's basically this idea of going back to if you go up here somewhere. Our mission is to put back what the modern world has left out returning our people back to strength and happiness through these nine inch ancestral tenants and this guy, Preaches you know, like being outdoor and sun and living off the grid and all this kind of you know, and and movement and eating a certain way and organ meats and and all this. No, here's where the monster. Uhm the monster where things blew up for him.

Not just the pause for a second tea. Yeah, sure not saying this because this dude has a wildly Shaggy beard that looks like it would want to fight your beard. No, I I would his beard would would crush my beard. And so I give them all props for for that. Um granted I could grow my beard to look like that but I would probably get thrown out of the house.

And so that's not gonna work for me on my end. Um monster like huge huge. Huge business huge brand disguised been all over the place right throughout his journey. The thing that he has said and he said it numerous times on numerous interviews on TV on podcasts it throughout his brand everywhere that he is completely natural. That he is completely drug-free and that he got this way by living based on the nine ancestral tenants.

Well, of course now and he's been around for a number of years really blew up. Um, I think he could have on Instagram. He's got like 1.5 million followers, or maybe it's on tiktok. Let me show you something. So of course recently, he was totally exposed to be the complete antithesis of a natural athlete some one of the one of the hormone clinics that he goes to somehow his his whole hormonal.

All the hormones and drugs and and the craziness that this guy's using was revealed to the public and a big YouTuber in the health and fitness space broke the story and this guy, you know, the story is that this guy is spending, you know, twelve thousand dollars a month on drugs according to what was what was leaked. Now. I'm gonna show you something over here and you're gonna see this all leading up to the example that I want to give you. I'm just gonna show you this and so you could see that his let me see here. So if you just do liver King apology so you can see um, Here is two days ago raiding the liver Kings apology 2.5 million views another person over here liver King apologizes for lying to everyone 200,000 views, uh, another one over here to two hours ago forty thousand views on this guy's apology.

Uh, another this guy from the UFC big commented 191,000 views in two days on this guy's apology. Here is his video the guys apology apology, you know, when he apologized for for lying, um, 2.6 million views in four days. Um, right and you could go on and on to the point where somewhere on here Joe Rogan was talking about it Joe Rogan on his podcast had the guy who broke the story on his podcast to talk about it. So this is a gigantic story of a guy who claimed to Be Drug Free, um and get in this kind of shape. Condition due to the nine ancestral tenants.

Follow me so far pretty straightforward, right? Now I want to go over to the example of a promotion that um a promotion that I just got today. Now this promotion is has been around for a little while. I believe a couple months, but I just got this today and I want to show you this. So this is from a totally different marketer.

Totally totally different marketer who does some great stuff like his copy is is pretty good. I have the energy of a freaking 20 year old. Here's the 10 minute ancestral stack that unleashes blah blah done. the whole I done done kaput Because he's using a word he would be better off at this point going in and changing that word to something else, but he goes in and he talks about a message that sounds very similar to um to the liver Kings message about going back to you know, it's it's the modern lifestyle and modern problems lead the modern levels of stress. So what's the answer the Primal solution going back to you know, this Primal The ancestral way of eating.

done Done. And so what this doesn't mean that nobody nobody on his list, the people that trust him isn't gonna buy but what this means is that this is a monster story in the health wellness fitness space that this guy who claimed that he got that way with ancestral tenants has now been exposed to be a complete fraud, right? And so what happens it just it it Mars it it slam it takes away from any potential validity or credibility with that that word right now certainly and I would say that it'll be for the foreseeable future. And so this is a simple example to me of how the copy could be great and there could have been a time right where this was. Um, this was valuable there could have been a time.

Where this this particular marketer was trying to Leverage The credibility established by the liver King with these ancestral tenants this ancestral approach this Primal approach, but that now has changed right that now over the last week has changed. And so now you're immediately using a word that is going to be a trigger word for many people in the marketplace for many people in the marketplace. And so that's to me a simple example of why it's important that we always keep our finger on the pulse of the market right now some markets, you know will never have this kind of situation with this kind of, you know, Monster Fallout and controversy, right? But you still need to keep your finger on the pulse of the market to understand. How are their beliefs shifting even if it's not as shocking or as as big as something like this where a word has now been associated With the total fraud right in so the last thing that you want to do is use the word that this fraud popularized and that this fraud is known for and that everybody that's talking about this fraud is using that word in their discussions of how this guy claimed that was the answer and that's not the answer and he had to use a whole bunch of drugs and blah blah.

That's a word that you want to avoid. So it's it's almost even made even worse that he says incestral stock blah blah blah without resorting to drugs. They like it just literally, you know, yeah. Well, it's you know, there's I mean look for those that that have followed the story and followed this guy the liver Kings demise, um, you know, all of the liver king that's a good email subject line. It's you know, a it is, you know, like look it I I I'm there's no doubt that he wrote this before, you know, this liver King thing.

He's really talking about, you know, like why you why men don't Need to use hormone Replacements or stimulants or caffeine right that if you use these and this ancestral stack this the ancestral Primal approach that you don't need any of those things and you'll regain all of your energy but I I would say that that's that's a word that I would avoid like the um, like the plague and again while this is an extreme example, you have to understand you've got to realize that markets evolve over time even with smaller smaller things, like what they view is new what they view is different what they view as fresh, right? What they view as Cutting Edge there was a time when email was cutting edge email is obviously no longer Cutting Edge. There was a time when Messengers were messenger Bots and what we're considered Cutting Edge and they're not anymore. That's a change in belief. That's a change in perspective.

Right? We need to understand that we need to Stand right, we when deliverability, you know in the industry. Let's say for email goes south. We need to understand that right when things be begin to just shift and change. We need to understand that because it impacts perspective.

It impacts beliefs and it impacts what they accept from us and what they don't or what they accept easier from us and what requires a whole lot of evidence and support and all that in this example. I just think that this is a major mistake to use this word at any point right now because like I said, it is the word that is associated with the biggest fraud of the last decade in the health wellness and fitness space and so very simple just a shocking example, but an example nonetheless a question for you. Okay. How do you feel about unleashing a tsunami of energy? We already know what Todd Fields about hyperbole in anything.

So yeah, I I and weather patterns infusing whether and patterns into a copy. right, but you know, I was really gonna say it was like a Nimbostratus of energy I think would be You know and let me say this, you know like that. This is the thing that it's it's so interesting because you know, like look the reality is this could be a great offer. This could be great copy. This could tell a great story, right?

It could it could give a you know, a hero's journey of him being, you know feeling like garbage and and which he does he talks about his daughter and how he didn't have energy to fix the floor and she got spliners and any felt like, you know, his wife was looking at him like, you know, can he really take care of this family the way you know, a husband should and and right and then and he started to go to other men's groups and he started to see that you know, whatever other men were these also feeling the same way and then he tried a whole bunch of things and it did right he tells a great story. Um, and he does like it's it's good copy. It's descriptive copy. There might be elements missing that I would point out like some of the argument but the point is that right like all these other elements can be good, but he's not recogn. Using that.

Oh, this is a word even like and there's nothing inherently inherently wrong with the word. Right? But except for the fact that right now it's now associated with the biggest fraud in the industry. Therefore, I would want to avoid that like the plague and so I would go in a in a vastly different direction like I would either change the word and or go in a um in a different direction. I might even write if he was really smart.

He wanted to really lead the campaign. I'd really lead the campaign and I use the liver King to my advantage. Right, like I would use the liver King to to my advantage that this is not what he taught. Obviously what he taught didn't work and therefore he had to resort to drugs. This is different and here's how it's different.

And here's why it's different. I still wouldn't use the the word ancestral but that's another way but you've got to be aware of what's going on in the market and the change in the marketplace is beliefs perspective feelings and so on and so pretty pretty simple pretty straightforward. Anybody have anything to add No, this is the you know what I want to what I want to make sure I just want to reiterate one point right that this doesn't only apply and I've said this already I just want to say it again. This doesn't only apply to these big shocking controversies right this this idea of change in you know beliefs in keeping our finger on the pulse of the of the market. We we've got to understand as the marketplace it continues to evolve what they what they currently today see as new as different as fresh as timely as easy.

Um as valid like we have to stay on top of that we have to stay on top of that because this is why what could have been or what was a unique mechanism three months ago may not be unique mechanism anymore. Great simple when I first started when we first started this um this Our primary company there was nobody else that was teaching funnels. I was one of the the first to talk about funnels to use the word funnels in Education and Training today. We know that that's wildly different right that that everybody and their brother is a funnel expert that they're they're now a dime a dozen right now that didn't happen overnight but it slowly happened over time. Right?

And and so if you don't keep your finger on the pulse and see that shift coming see that Trend coming you could get left behind meaning that your marketing doesn't adapt to the change in the marketplace and therefore now it starts to convert worse and worse and worse and worse because what's what was formally a new and fresh cool message is now a message that's viewed as more of the same. And so does that make sense? You guys understand that? Yeah. Yeah, okay.

That's it told you it was quick today. Remember it think about it ponder it uh and have an amazing day guys and I'll see you next week that was outside.
