---
title: "cc_2022-09-27"
date: 2022-09-27
duration: 39m
duration_seconds: 2377
vimeo_id: 754385522
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-09-27

**Date:** 2022-09-27 | **Duration:** 39m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

All right gang so I know that there's a bit of craziness going on with the um the schedule today and so a bunch of you are are out and about doing some different things filling in for some other people moving around all that craziness and so totally cool. But what I decided to do is just go ahead and record this week's training anyway as if you were here with me live and so this should be really um comfortable and not awkward at all. What we're gonna do today or what we're really gonna talk about today is I want to take a look at I want to piggyback off of something that we talked about. I believe either last training or the training before that when we were talking about email and I walked you guys and girls through the internal sequence that we use just making sure that everybody is aware of all the kind of the nuances of what it is that we um, do when marketing to our house file and I walk you guys and gals through the interest sequence, you know the click sequence and then the conversion sequence and ultimately how we lead generate out how we get people to raise their hand and identify themselves as being interested before we kind of expose them to aggressive email follow-up relating to the offer well, I think that the the really interesting thing for me having had a number of conversations about this with some of you after is that I really think that the trickier sequence or what seems to be the trickier sequence for many of you is the click sequence not the conversion sequence. So the click sequence or the interest sequence just as a refresher The Click sequence.

The interest sequence is the sequence that goes out to the entire list or it goes out to the segment of the list that we put into a particular promotion and the aim of the interest sequence or the click sequence is to identify the people in our house file that are interested in a particular topic interested enough to click on a link and ultimately go over to hear more the individuals that demonstrate that interest by clicking on a link in one of the interests or click sequence emails are then the individuals that are moved over to the conversion sequence. So ultimately the individuals that click a link in the interest sequence or the ones that are ultimately brought to the marketing and sales message for a related product and then they are immediately put into a conversion sequence which is a series of emails that go out over a number of days designed to drive response to that offer. The individuals on our list or in the segment that could put into this promotion that never expressed any interest by never clicking any one of the links in the in the interest sequence never get put into the conversion sequence. So those individuals ultimately will never see the marketing and sales message never see the offer and never hear or get any follow-up from us about the offer and that's okay. The whole purpose of the interest sequence is to identify who's interested and who's not now, of course, we know that there are some nuances to this some people might not open the email some people might not get the email some people it might go into their promotions folder, right?

So it's not necessarily that the people who don't respond aren't interested at all. They might be interested in the future when they get the the sequence again in six weeks and eight weeks whatever it may be but for right now what happens is the only people that ever see the marketing and sales message and ultimately the offer and then the Follow up for the offer are the people that express interest by clicking on one of the links in the interest sequence. So the question then really becomes well. What is in the interest sequence and we talked a little bit about this in the last training when I laid this out for you and ultimately these are lymph notes style emails or sometimes refer to as teaser emails or promotional emails. That's typically the approach that um that I rely on and that's because these type of emails are the ones that produce best in an interest sequence.

I explain to you and I'm gonna I'm gonna walk you through two different examples one from a different company one from Stansberry Research a new one. Actually, ironically that I just saw this morning and then one of ours for one of our most recent Uh promotions but these are typically short emails. They're typically driven by curiosity and promise, right? So they're very they're very they're brief. They're typically to the point.

They usually don't involve any kind of lengthy narrative or story. They're very kind of brief to the point driven by promise outcome result payoff. And curiosity so that's why they're referred to as as teaser emails lymph node emails because a Lyft note in a direct mail package is really designed to do the same thing. Ultimately a Lyft note is typically a short note. That's you know, it might be paperclip to a sales letter and it's the first thing that somebody reads and the aim of it is to really be curiosity to really kind of convey what you're about to get in this message and ultimately to drive.

Engagement with the marketing piece. Well, that's ultimately the same thing that we're doing. Remember the marketing piece the the sales message the marketing and sales message and ultimately the offer is the thing that we're bringing somebody to when they click on the email. So we're not trying to deliver the marketing message in the email. We're not trying to present the offer in there.

We're not trying to overcome objections to the offer or or concerns in the email. Not at all. The whole purpose of the email think of it as a lift node is to get somebody excited about what they make might hear on the other on the other side through promise through curiosity. And so with that I want to share my screen and then I want to walk you through a couple of cool little finer points in this in this email that I got that I saw today from Stansberry Research and then I want to show you an even kind of more abbreviated version that comes from one of our promotions. So let me go ahead and share my screen.

Over here and then let me bring this bad boy up over here and show you this. So the very first thing that I want you to see this was at the top of the email so I separated these two just because the image would be too small but I'm showing you what is at the top of the email and then I'm gonna show you the email itself. Now what you're gonna find here is this is basically a The way that this email is is formatted and this is typical. This is very common for Stansberry for all the Agora companies. They don't they're not all done this way, but you'll see this often from the Agora companies and that is that the editor or the expert or really you could say the list owner.

Um in this case is Dan and so Dan is sharing. Basically you could say What appears to be like in essay or you know an informative email with his subscribers from another editor. This is the equivalent in our world. Let's say of of when people work with partners and let's say they wanted the email to come from a joint venture partner or you know from an affiliate or something like that. And so what they would do is Excuse me at the beginning of the email there would be a little note saying hey, it's Todd.

You know what you're about to read is from so and so and it's about XYZ. And so enjoy and then you would have the rest from the partner. That's ultimately what you're doing here. So Dan is basically exposing his subscribers his his house file to this to Joel litman's um to Joel littmann's content over here ultimately for a promotion for Joel. And so that's what you're seeing here.

Now, I want you to see how from the very beginning through the entire email how it is ultimately designed to be curiosity with valuable information from beginning to end. There is no Meandering there is no kind of going off on a strange path. There is no longer chunks of copy that aren't serving any specific purpose this entire email from the note from Dan all the way through even from the title of this little This little email this little information email all the way through the copy as you're about to see it's designed with intention. It's designed strategically to pick somebody's curiosity to get them to want to hear more to ultimately get them to click through but not click through purely blindly meaning we're not just getting them to click through. We're not we don't have a link that just says like hey, this is valuable.

Check this out Not only would that not work? Well, right, but it would produce a poorly qualified click. It wouldn't demonstrate interest. It would just be purely about um, curiosity and satisfying curiosity. So check this out note from Dan.

Do you feel it this week the sense that we're in the Calm before the storm like the entire country is holding its breath as our friend Joel. Let me explains in the note below a financial storm is coming but it's likely not what you expect. Right? And so warning of something impending implying that and this is obviously about the the financial markets the economy Investments port. polio your portfolio All That Jazz So right there is this stating that right.

There is a financial storm coming you're likely aware of it already. Uh, but it is not what you expect. So peeking curiosity, right? So there's valuable information being implied that this is going to help equip me to to deal with this financial storm. If for nothing else than just to educate myself on it, but it's not what it is that I expect therefore.

It's unexpected. And so that Peaks curiosity of well, what do you mean? What does that mean? What does it look? Like?

What should I expect right? This time it's dangerous. What is it? Right referring to the financial storm the coming Financial storm dangerous right? Meaning that it's something that I need to a really understand more about right all these words.

They matter. They might seem at times like throwaway words or or you know often and this is an important point that I want you to grasp it might seem like they're just writing copy, right but like good copy is all about tapping into emotion. It's about leveraging feelings and beliefs and then moving those feelings and beliefs to where we want them to be. So none of these words and phrases are throw away words. None of these words and phrases or sentences are here to just be filler.

They are all serving a purpose and this isn't copy for copy sake this is leveraging the feeling the emotion of the marketplace tapping into what is already going on in their mind. And in this case kind of you know, twisting the knife just a little bit to to bring about some additional fear to want to here more then we've got the body of the email and I'm gonna Breeze through this with you and then there are a few points that I want to highlight here. So with all that happened last week, the story has received little to no media coverage the very first thing that I want to point out. In this email and I think right that if you get nothing else from what it is that I share with you today this in and of itself is valuable. It's not the most valuable thing, but it is valuable notice before we dig into the copy and the messaging here notice the links now, they're happy to be a lot of hyperlinks in this email.

We don't typically use this many links from a deliverability perspective, but I want you to notice each of the links in this email and I want you to notice. That it's either leveraging curiosity, um promise or promise of results or promise of value. Right? So every one of these hyperlinks right is is peaking curiosity or kind of leveraging curiosity presenting a promise a result an outcome or is promising to deliver value and look at the the variety here. So this story as received little to no, um coverage that's pure curiosity.

Right? What story right? Here's what you need to know promising value. Your money could be more at risk than any other moment in than at any other moment in recent history, right? That's another leveraging fear, right and Unstoppable economic Force.

Here's what's really coming and how to get ahead of it. Um this same exact phenomenon, you can see like curiosity, um, right value and promise of It over here, um curiosity over here and and Unstoppable economic Force right more value and curiosity. Here's what you need to know again more curiosity like you could see how I said that lymph node emails teaser emails promo emails are really driven by promise and curiosity. So going back with all that happened last week. The story has received little no media coverage.

So I'm bringing it to your attention today because it has dramatic implications for anyone betting on a fast v-shaped recovery in US Stocks. Now, I want to point something out here that there's no doubt that this comes from their understanding of the market that much of the market is probably betting on a fast v-shaped recovery in stocks. Right? So this isn't just a throwaway. This isn't just something that they came up with.

This isn't just a wiz bang phrase. This isn't just specificity for specificity sake this is they are saying right. It has dramatic implications for anyone betting on what they know. The market is likely betting on what they know. Their audience is likely counting on so they're leveraging what it is that the market believes currently right now.

Here's what you need to know, right? So if this is you right then An opportunity for you to really understand what's going on and why this is so critical to you. For the first time since 2013 the S&amp;P has not been within 5% of its all-time high for more than three months zoom out further in the pictures even more Bleak the s&amp;p's crash below. It's 200-day moving average for over a hundred days. That's the longest streak since the the Great Recession now, let me stop for one second and highlight here what it is that they're doing if you don't already realize it, what are they doing?

They're ultimately presenting a case for their stance that the financial storm that is coming is more dangerous than ever before right like that. It's more dangerous or at certainly than in then what was expected. Right. And so what are they doing here? What is the value of this in this context?

And here they're putting forth a little argument and argument that they feel they need to put forth to make you interested in clicking through to learn more the obvious belief on their part. The copywriter behind this the obvious belief is that some people might not realize how significant this financial situation is therefore in order to make them interested in learning more. We've got to give them a little bit of an argument a little bit of proof If you will a little bit of evidence to make sure that they understand the full magnitude of the situation. So that's what they're doing here. Right.

So if you've been watching stocks crater and waiting for the overall Market to bounce back like it has for the past decade right now your money could be at risk more risk than any other moment in recent history. Excuse me. So right there giving you evidence for why this time it is it's dangerous not only because of inflation Rising rates or even a global recession. But because an Unstoppable economic force is taking hold of the US Stock Market and it won't make headlines until it's much too late to protect what you've built right? So Curiosity not because of what you think not because of what everybody else is talking about not because of what it is that you've likely heard and maybe even have prepared for but because of something else something different something that nobody else is talking about right now.

Therefore you don't know and when they do start talking about it eventually it's going to be too late for you. Therefore you want to know what it is. Now you want to pay attention to this now you want to take action on this now you see how they're presenting support for why this is so important right in such a short bit of copy and content right? They're not just giving you information for information sake they're supporting their position. They're supporting their thesis here in it with brevity.

And so right now your money can get more or not because inflation but because of this Unstoppable economic force and it won't make headlines until it's too late to protect what you've built. Here's what's really coming and how to get ahead of it. So right here's what it is that you're not hearing. Here's what it is that you likely don't know. Here's what it is that you're not likely prepared for right and I just told you that it's going to be much worse, right?

Um, and it could potentially um, ruin or destroy what it is that you've built right and here is how to get ahead of it. This is called the ultimate kind of curiosity and promise um statement right here and that's it regards Joel right? Um PS, we've just we've just entered one of the most historically dangerous periods in financial history. So now what are they doing in the PS? They're kind of giving more support more evidence.

For what it is that um, they they just said we've entered one of the most historically dangerous periods in financial history and its moments like this. When you start to hear the out of the the age-old phrase This Time It's Different. They're known as the most expensive four words in investing for a reason. So let me be clear this time is not different. In fact, we've seen this same exact phenomenon play out in the US Stock Market twice in the past 20 years both in 2009.

And again in 2020. What are they saying down here? They're saying this is not an anomaly that we don't know how to handle. They're not saying this is this time. They're not saying right like they're demonstrating to you that this time isn't different meaning that right.

It's not different so we don't know what to do. No, we've seen this before we've dealt with this before we've been here before therefore. We know exactly what to do. We know exactly what it is that we need to do to protect our income and therefore your income and that and your your portfolio and therefore that's what it is that you're gonna hear. On this next page when you click through and so this is right.

This is a lymph node email. This is a promo email. This is a teaser email. They didn't tell you anything about what is the Unstoppable economic Force? They didn't tell you what to do to get ahead of it.

They didn't tell you what this Unstoppable economic force is going to do to your portfolio and why it's gonna do it to your portfolio and they didn't write like but they did give you enough evidence to believe that there's Merit in what it is that they're saying enough to get you to say. Hmm. Let me hear more. Let me hear more now the thing that I want to point out before I go over and show you one of our emails, which is much more a much briefer or more brief than this email. Is that so Do you always need to do you always need to give support and evidence like this for what it is that you're saying?

Do you always need to have support and evidence any support or evidence or certainly You Know This Much support and evidence in a teaser lymph node email the answer is no it is based on your understanding of the market and the premise that you are putting forth. So if the premise that you are putting forth is one that they are already familiar with right it I should say that if it's one that they already accept as true. Well then no, you don't need support you don't need the evidence. If you are putting forth a premise that they could potentially balk at that they might see as not sure if that's really accurate then. Yes.

We likely want to provide some additional support in the lift note email because most people Or lots of people could read it and say, you know and dismiss it. Right and so but it depends this is very similar to I want you to think about it like this. It's very similar to the value that we get from using the prospect awareness pyramid. So the beauty is that when we look at the prospect awareness pyramid, and we determine which segment We are talking to well what that ultimately tells us is what they're already aware of and what they're not already aware of and therefore what we need to cover and communicate in our marketing message if we know that right if we ultimately want to convey a b and c and we know that the segment that we're talking to is already aware of a and early believes a well then in our marketing campaign. We don't need to cover a we can start with be and see if the segment that we're talking to is already aware of and already believes A and B, then we don't need to start with A and B, we can start with C.

So the value of the prospect awareness pyramid is that it tells us what our audience is aware of what it is that they already believe what they are unaware of what they don't believe which then dictates to us what we need to communicate in our marketing campaign. So what we communicate in the marketing campaign is ultimately based on what the marketplace is. Arrows and believes. So when we're putting forth a premise even in a Lyft note email that our audience doesn't necessarily know about and or doesn't believe yet then we need to give it some support when we are talking about something that they are already aware of and do believe then in the Lyft note email. We don't need to put forth, um some evidence and so with hopefully that makes sense.

If not, you guys can let me know in slack me and I'll be more than happy to elaborate on that a little bit more. But with that let me bring over one of our one of our emails and show you the brevity of this of this lift note email. This is the first email in the interest sequence The Click sequence. For the John Ford promotion. So the John Ford promotion as you guys know is John is the you know, the foremost authority on leads leads meaning the first 300 50 to 500 Words of any marketing campaign.

And this is ultimately uh, you know, the video ultimately educates folks on the importance of the lead and then offers as you guys know the John Ford boot camp that we brought him in to to do and so this is the the first email in the click sequence and then I'll show you the second one. So you could see how brief this is and mine tend to be kind of this brief over here. And so I just want to show this to you. Right? So the subject line is scary impact on funnels and then it says I'm sure you're seeing it selling online is becoming a heck of a lot more competitive in most markets more funnels more offers more ads all that stuff.

So I called Paris France to speak with the legendary mentor to dozens of today's top copywriters. My aim was to have him share what's working best right now to get prospects into marketing funnels what he shared as Priceless. I explained it all for you in this brand new video recap. Enjoy Todd, so The thing that I want to point out number one, you can see the brevity, right? Um, and even the by the way as a side note Justin, I want you to see this and this goes back to something that I've tried to to teach you guys as as often as possible is even the brevity the the piffy writing right that it's not these long verbose run on sentences these long chunky paragraphs.

I'm ultimately saying the least amount that I possibly can to communicate the point and I'm using the least amount of words and the shortest sentences with the clearest language that I possibly can. I'm sure you're seeing it selling online is becoming a lot more competitive in most markets period more funnels period more offers period more ads period all that stuff, right and all that stuff is you know, like all that stuff. I said that intentionally as it's very colloquial it's very Right. It's average every day talk right all that's and all that stuff. So I called Paris France to speak with the legendary mentor to dozens of today's top copy writers.

My aim was to have him share what's working best right now to get prospects in the marketing funnels what he shared is priceless. I explained it all for you in this brand new video recap period right? So, um, very short very tight. Very direct very to the point right curiosity. Um promise so a couple things over here right that I want to point out.

So selling online is becoming a heck of a lot more competitive in most markets that I know the market already recognizes, right the market already has seen it right. Um more you're seeing more funnels more offers more ads all that stuff. So I knew that the market is already aware of that. That's why I didn't need to bring in a quote from HubSpot or some statistic from Google or I didn't need to talk about the number of of marketers that are now using clickfunnels and all these other page building applications because I knew that the market is already aware of this point, right? So ultimately in my mind, I'm seeing the market go.

Yeah. Yeah. That's right. Like selling is becoming more competitive in in most markets. Number one also or another point, right?

I didn't say in every Market I said in most markets, right? And so that's a little a little um, a little hedge if you will, um, all that stuff also not only is it colloquial Every Day speech but it allows if they have like, yeah, I'm seeing, you know, whatever, you know more more domains being registered or I'm seeing this or this or this right? So it allows them to add on whatever it is that that they see as justification for what it is that I just said here, right? So So I called Paris France to speak with legendary mentor to dozens of today's top copywriters. So I called Paris France this a little bit of detail right that I added it.

I didn't need to say I called Paris France. I could have just said I I called the legendary mentor to dozens of today's top copywriters, but I wanted to give a little additional Dimension a little point of interest if you will a little nugget of of interest and something that makes it more real. As well, excuse me as well. It's got a little bit of a little bit of a flare that right. I didn't just call somebody in New York or I called Paris France right like naughty common thing for somebody in West Palm Beach Florida, um to speak with the legendary mentor to dozens of today's top copies two things going on in this little blurb right here.

Number one is curiosity right A lot of people in our in our Marketplace. They're like, who's this legendary Mentor? Who is it? Is it somebody that I already follow? Is it somebody that I'm already aware of is somebody that I'm already learning from Who is it?

And who's the person that Todd reaches out to when he wants some additional Insight on copy the other thing in in this little blurb right here is that the credibility of who this information is coming from that he is not not just a legendary copyrighter, but he's a legendary mentor to dozens of today's top copywriters. So the top copywriters the folks that many people listen to right actually go to this gentleman for advice guidance feedback Direction coaching training all of that. And so and then the payoff my aim was to have him share what's working best right now to get prospects into marketing funnels. So anybody that is doing anything with Marketing Online right should be interested in this and the reality is that anybody that's doing any any, um any Marketing Online? Um should want to have the absolute best lead first 300 to 500 350 to 500 Words of their marketing campaign.

So I'm fine with anybody and everybody clicking through as long as they're interested in marketing which obviously over here anybody on our list is interested in marketing. And anybody that clicks on this is interested in learning more about what's working best right now with marketing funnels specifically in this context to get prospects into marketing funnels. Right what he shared is priceless curiosity. Well, what did he share about this? So we not only shared this but I'm telling you that I found it to be Priceless.

I explain it all for you in this new video recap now. I also I put the word recap in here rather than video Just Pure video because number one it is a bit of a recap. I do recap what he says what John says On this on this call this Zoom session if you will but I put the word I use video recap instead of video because it just feels different than video. Right? Like everybody talks about a video.

I wanted it to feel less Promotional and more educational and it is educational this video. And so I felt that it suited it right better. I didn't want to say and I almost said tutorial but I just didn't feel like that was right because it's not really a tutorial. It's more of a recap. I would have liked to use the word tutorial.

Um, because I think that it's more disarming than just video and more has more perceived value, but I didn't feel like it adequately represented what it is. And so I went with um video recap and that's it. You can see that there's nothing revealed in here. I'm setting the stage for the story. And and I'm keeping it very general.

Um, very tight very short. And so there you go. Let me just show one more. I'm gonna show this one and you can see that's the you know, you guys as I explained that's the sequence. Here's another one.

This is the second one and so you can see how also how I'm kind of using this a similar angle a similar theme just coming at it from a little bit of a different perspective. So the subject is marketing hooks that don't work anymore. So I said doesn't it seem like there's a new marketer or a new funnel popping up in most markets every day. Now the Facebook Newsfeed seems to be ad after ad after ad after ad now this is why most Hooks and standard headline formulas aren't working nearly as well anymore. They're played out used all over and this is why I called Paris France to get some advice from the legendary mentor to dozens of today's top cop writers.

You can see the the very same chunk of copy from the prior email. I know if anybody would know what's working. What's working best. Now to get prospects into marketing funnels, it'd be him and I was right what he shared with me is priceless. I recap it for you in this brand new video.

So you can ultimately like ultimately you can see that this is very similar to the first email. Um, just slightly different. So right just slightly different slightly slightly tweaked. Um, and so the so if you look right like over here, I want to point a couple things out so doesn't it seem like there's a new marketer a new funnel popping up in most markets every day right now. So I said doesn't it seem I didn't say there's new marketer.

There's a new marketer or a new funnel popping up in most markets every day now, right? I didn't say right there is I said doesn't it seem like there is right. So because if I said there's a new market or a new funnel popping up every day in most markets now somebody could dispute that right? Like there's not like that's an exaggeration. That's hyperbole.

That's you know, that's that's hype like they can dismiss that but Seen that doesn't it feel like there's a new right? Yes, right. It feels like right and and so by me saying that it's not a point that can be disputed, right? It is this general feeling of like right? Um, like, you know, doesn't it feel that way?

The news feed seems to be add after add after add after it. I didn't say the news feed is now ad after ad after ad because I don't know if it's that exact way for everybody but they can relate to this doesn't it seem like there's a new funnel popping up doesn't it seem like right the Facebook the Facebook Newsfeed is filled with ad after ad after ad right this allows for that even if somebody feels like man, there are so many marketers so many marketing campaigns so many ads right now. This allows them to say yes, I get what you're saying Todd. I totally I totally feel that. And then the way that this sentence is formulated.

This is why most Hooks and standard headline formulas aren't working nearly as well anymore. So what I did here was my premise of this was that most Hooks and standard headline formulas aren't working nearly as well anymore and by saying this is why at the beginning of this sentence, right? I'm leveraging these these two statements as evidence. So this is a little different from the standard format. And typically we make a claim And then we support it with um evidence here.

I'm giving the evidence tapping into this feeling this perspective that I know the marketplace has already and then I'm piggybacking a claim right based on that. So right like you could have done right most Hooks and standard headline formulas aren't working nearly as well anymore. And that's because there's new marketer new marketer new funnels popping up in most markets every day now, right the news feed is filled with that after ad after ad that could work in terms of the structure, but I wanted to get them nodding. Yes. I I get it.

I see it. I feel like I'm we're on the same page Todd and then tie this premise to that. This is why most hooks right. So now it becomes difficult to dispute this when they're nodding in agreement with this, right? This is why most hooks that right because they're played out.

They're used all over why because there's new marketers and new funnels popping up like crazy because the news feed is Add after add and this is why right? I called Paris France, right? And so you see the flow also, like getting agreement doesn't it seem this the Facebook seems to be this and this is why blah blah blah, right, they're played out and this is why I called you see the flow. You see it's attached. These aren't separate chunks that are disconnected from what came before.

This is all kind of a flow right? Like doesn't it seem like there's tons of marketers right and funnels popping up like the news feed seems to be filled with ads like like crazy. Right? And this is why because of these two things. This is why the same old Hooks and standard headline formulas aren't working nearly as well anymore because of that they're played out.

They're being used all over and this is why I called Paris France to get it advice see the flow of these things and the connection. And then the last thing that um, I I want you to see here and it's grammatically incorrect but done with intention. The see see over here see how I said, I know if anybody would know what's working best right now to get prospects into marketing funnels. It'd be him. I the right way to say this the the grammatically correct way is I knew if anybody would know what's working best right now, but I try to use present tense as often as I can.

Right. So I knew that he would know right is back. That's past right? I know now. I know if anybody would know what to do.

What's working best now is what's implied it be him, right? Um, I didn't say I knew if anybody would know right what's working best it would have been him. That's past tense. I didn't want to leverage that. I wanted to leverage present tense now and so uh, and so I had no choice over here.

I didn't see a choice over here with this next line and I was right what he shared with me, um is is priceless I there was no I didn't see a way to make it probably could if I worked on it more but what you'll see here is you'll see this is also not grammatically really, correct and I was right what he shared with me is prices. I didn't say what he shared with me was priceless. It is priceless now so I know now if anybody would know now what's working best right now, right that that'd be him and I was right what he shared is priceless not was priceless. That's an important little Nuance that you understand the the tense and the impact of hence on whether something feels fresh and applicable now or whether it feels dated. And and potentially ineffective now.

And so there you go. That is the that's what I wanted to show you. I wanted to show you again how we put together these these click emails the purpose kind of the objective show you the leveraging of curiosity and and promise and keeping it blind thinking of it like a lift note thinking of it like the job is to get engagement with the marketing piece in a way where somebody has an interest in what the marketing piece is going to share. So again, I want to say this right we're the aim is to get engagement with the marketing the vsl the long form letter whatever it may be but not blindly not purely blind. I want them to have some knowledge of what it is that there are about to hear so that I know by them clicking the link that identifies interest so that I feel okay moving them into the conversion.

Sequence for the offer and so there you go. That is this week's training for you. I will see you guys next week on next week's training and so take care everybody.
