---
title: "CC_2022-11-15"
date: 2022-11-15
duration: 57m
duration_seconds: 3477
vimeo_id: 771282574
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# CC_2022-11-15

**Date:** 2022-11-15 | **Duration:** 57m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

All right gang. So today what we're gonna do as I mentioned in slack. We're gonna take a look at a campaign from a marketer and we're gonna look at this campaign through the lens of marketplace sophistication. So we're gonna talk a little bit about the copy. There's a whole lot of course that we could talk about with this copy, but but we're really going to be looking at this particular campaign.

Like I said through the lens of marketplace sophistication Now before we dive in I want to give a little teaser which I rarely do for for next week's call. So next week. We're gonna do something really cool really special. So recently Michael asked me a question or really pose this this scenario to me in slack, and he basically he asked me um, He asked me in so many words. How do you really change?

Somebody's mind who is entrenched in a particular Viewpoint or perspective? And so there's a lot of different ways that I could answer that question. There's a lot of different things that I that I could say, I would certainly really always default to to generally presenting an airtight Rock Solid emotional and logical argument. There are exceptions to some people that just they don't even there. They just want to support their own perspective their own view.

They don't want to hear anything different and and there's not a whole lot that we can do with those folks, but I share that because When thinking about answering Michael's question for him, I stumbled across a really cool study done by researchers at Cornell University and there happens to be this. I don't know if it's still actively used but there happens to be on Reddit this sub Forum whatever it's called Uh, oh and the sub forum is called something like change my view change my view and it happens to be very people that are like, look I have this Viewpoint. I have this belief. Change my view and it's filled with folks that are presenting. a great arguments to change their to change their View and these research and there's tons of these kind of change my view posts and these researchers at Cornell were able to look at all of these posts.

They did a whole bunch of you know, the collected a whole bunch of data. There's a whole lot of data science and they actually published a study on the commonalities. I believe there were five commonalities associated with the responses that impacted the most amount of people to change their View and ironically there is tremendous marketing application in the five findings that these Cornell researchers identified in these arguments that change the Viewpoint of the most amount of people and so next week, we're gonna go over that study specifically those five. I believe it is viewpoints and and then we're gonna talk about application to marketing to persuasion very very cool very very simple some stuff that we've talked about before but I think that you're absolutely gonna love it. With that, let's get back to today's session as I mentioned before we started the recording.

This is this should be a pretty quick and pretty easy call for us today. I said that we're gonna be looking at this campaign and I'm going to show you this in just a second and we're gonna be looking at this through the lens of marketplace sophistication. So I just want to make sure for everybody on the call and especially for those folks that get a copy of this recording that we really Define or unpack for a second. Excuse me, Marketplace sophistication. And so before I give my definition I would love for somebody in the group to share how they would Define Marketplace sophistication.

So when we talk about Marketplace sophistication and why it is essential that we understand Marketplace sophistication before we write any copy before we attempt to craft a hook a big marketing idea or anything like that. We need to understand Marketplace sophistication. So what is it? What is markets Marketplace sophistication? How would you explain it or how would you define it Teddy?

Go ahead. The the level of awareness of other solutions to the problem in the marketplace for your specific target audience. Okay, that's a pretty darn good pretty accurate definition Adida. What would you say Marketplace sophistication? Something similar.

So basically the general level of the participants of the marketplace about the problem that they have and the solutions available. Um, okay, and so so tell me so without I don't want to take a right turn and then this is for everybody now. So, uh, that's a also pretty darn good response. But so often times I find that people get confused between level of marketplace sophistication and level of prospect awareness. So right the level of prospect awareness and the level of marketplace sophistication or two different things when we talk about Marketplace sophistication, we're really talking about for us in Under the Umbrella of the E5 method we're talking about the was I just gonna say I just totally lost my train of thought I we're talking about the totally I'm having a moment here of The two different things that's Prospect away.

Yeah, it's it's two different things. We're talking about in in E5, right we're talking about so there's level of prospect awareness and then there is the promise exposure Spectrum. So the promise exposure Spectrum in the E5 method is where we bring in Marketplace sophistication. So we've got Marketplace sophistication. We use the the promise exposure spectrum and then there is level of prospect awareness.

So Teddy, I want to go back to you for a second. So what is the level of what is Prospect the prospect awareness level? We we look at it in a pyramid. What is that ultimately telling us? the prospect awareness pyramid Are where like almost like how consciously competent they are of the solutions, right?

Like do they know they have a problem if they know they have a problem. Do they know what the solutions are if they know what the solutions are, you know, so yeah. Okay as you move up, you need better mechanisms and all that. Okay, so very good. So right Prospect awareness is really when we say Prospect awareness.

What we're really talking about is their level of awareness as it relates to the problem to the existence of a problem. Do they recognize that they have a problem or are they completely unaware like they're it's not even in their mind. They're not even conscious of a problem. They don't even think they have a problem. They don't even believe they have a problem.

Are they aware that they have a problem and that's it. They're unsure of the different options out there to solve the problem. They have an even identified what type of solution they want to use to solve the problem. Right? So we I have talked about often before when talking about Prospect awareness level like you've got People that let's say unaware, let's say let's take South Florida filled with a lot of older individuals lot of golf down here.

There's golf courses every three miles basically. So a lot of people play golf golf ironically for what it's worth is um is one of the worst sports for your low back right? Because you've got this flexion where you bend over at the at the hip and and rotation so you've got flexion and rotation one of the worst things for low back. So a lot of times people end up with some low back issues low back pain, you've got some people that are golfing here. They've got no low back pain, they're not even aware of this idea of flexion rotation.

So they have no no concept whatsoever. Therefore right. They're not concerned about a problem. And therefore most of those people obviously are not in the market for any kind of solution. It's completely unaware then you've got some people that I got some back pain and now all they are all they're aware of is that they've got low back pain.

They're not at this point where They decided they want to go to a chiropractor and a chiropractor is the best solution for them. They're just aware that they've got um low back pain and then right and and so then you've got these people that are aware that all right. Well, there's I can you know, there's massage. There's home treatments. There is inversion tables.

There's you know, there's all these there's all these things now right? Maybe they maybe they narrow it down to to chiropractor or massage. I'm unsure of which one of those Solutions is the right solution for me with my with my back pain and then you've got people that they've decided that they want to go to a chiropractor now they're looking for the best chiropractor in West Palm Beach, Florida, right? So now they're aware that they've got back pain. They're aware of the different solutions out there.

They've chosen that they want a chiropractor and now they're actively looking for who is the best chiropractor in West Palm Beach and then you've got at the very tippy top. You've got most aware and most aware are the people that are aware of all the solutions and they're aware of you or us and our solution and what's different about Hours and so on and so to really just sum it up for one second and this is important is that Prospect awareness level is all about how aware are they of the problem right that we ultimately are solving and the various Solutions out there. Now, let's move over to Marketplace sophistication. And so Marketplace sophistication is really to to Define it for time purposes. It's really all about.

Um, how what is the level at which these people have been exposed to other related marketing claims? So these are now people when we look at the the um, when we look at Marketplace sophistication or when we look at the promise exposure Spectrum what we're trying to identify is what have they heard already. What are they aware of already? Right? What have they been told already?

Right? What do they know already? What is going to be viewed as new and different and what is going to be viewed as old in the same? Right and oftentimes when I've described or explained Marketplace sophistication, I've given the example of the on the the fat burner, you know, the pills that you can take to speed up metabolism and shed weights. And I said that when the very first fat burner came out all they needed to do was say take this pill and you'll lose weight and that's it.

Why because that promise had never been made to the market before so the market was at a very low level of sophistication they'd never heard before take this pill and lose weight. And so all those marketers those entrepreneurs had to do for those low that that low level of sophistication was just present the promise. So the first stage of the promise exposure spectrum is present the promise right take this pill and you'll lose weight. But what always happens in every Marketplace is is as marketplaces mature meaning more marketers come in more products become available markets increase in their level of sophistication. So what happens is right?

What happens is we see that other marketers come along and now what do they do? They they can't just say take this pill and you'll lose weight because now the marketplace is already heard that they've already seen that they're already aware of that. Right? And so what happens well at the second stage of the promise exposure Spectrum, what do we see? We see people that enlarge the claim.

So take this pill and you'll lose 10 pounds take this pill and you'll lose 20 pounds take this pill and you'll lose 20 pounds and and 30 inches or whatever. They enlarge the claim. If you look back at um at a let's say the online marketing world and you look at something like, you know getting Facebook fans. Well when the very first person the very first marketer was teaching how to get Facebook fans. All they had to say was get Facebook fans.

Right? Like here's how you can get Facebook fans because nobody had ever made that claim and so the marketplace was at a low level of sophistication then what happened. What did we see? We saw then it became how to get a thousand Facebook fans. And then what happened?

What did we see how to get 10,000 Facebook fans. And then what did we see? We saw how to get 50,000 Facebook fans, right? And what marketers do is they just enlarge the claim? So right they're still making a promise, but now they're enlarging the promise.

They're expanding the promise. Well, you reach a point where one of two things happen when you if you just continue to enlarge the claim and by the way the majority of marketers they tend to because they don't understand level three what we're which we're gonna talk about. All they tend to do is try to compete by enlarging the claim, right? They try to compete by enlarging the claim right? That's where they live.

And so what happens is one of two things either you reach a point where you enlarge the claim so much that it's no longer believable, right? And remember, you know, not everything that's believable is true not everything that's true is believable. Right? And so if we said take this pill and you'll lose a hundred pounds in 24 hours, whether it was true or not, people aren't gonna believe it certainly not initially, right? And so you're either stretching the or enlarging the claim Beyond believability or you're lying.

Write you're lying. You're making a claim. That's just not true in an attempt to compete. That's when we see right where the marketplace no longer responds to these enlarged claims because now it comes off as puffery as lacking credibility. That's when we see this level three of the promise exposure Spectrum level three is what where we see the introduction of the unique mechanism.

And so now it becomes promise plus unique mechanism. And so now it's take this pill and lose weight because it contains Garcinia Cambogia which presents the absorption of fat in your intestinal tract, right? So now we see this introduction of a mechanism and then the market responds because it's a new mechanism now when some cases write what happens is in some cases in some instances that unique mechanism can be knocked off and this is important. You'll you're gonna see when we get to this campaign in a second. You're gonna see why all this is important.

When in some instances the unique mechanism can be knocked off like in the instance of the fat burner and Garcinia Cambogia. I remember and Teddy and I have mutual friends that when Garcinia Cambogia first hit the market they made a lot of money with it folks made a lot of money and were selling it like crazy. Um, well then what happened? What what happened is the same thing that happens in all markets right competitors come along and knock off when they can the unique mechanism. And so today if you search Google or Amazon for Garcinia Cambogia, you're gonna find dozens and dozens and dozens of products containing that unique mechanism, which means it's no longer unique mechanism, right?

Which means it's no longer unique mechanism now, it's just a mechanism now you no longer have a marketing Advantage because you're cleaning that your product works because of the mechanism that's available everywhere else. Now you've been commoditized so Happens is then we see level four of the promise exposure Spectrum where it is promised and expanded unique mechanism. So this can become like Garcinia Cambogia. That's you know, pharmaceutical grade Garcinia Cambogia, right? And so now you see this evolution of the unique mechanism and then in the fifth stage for what it's worth.

Then you see this shift away from the product and mechanism. To talking about the prospects experience, right? So are you sick and tired of dieting sick and tired of exercising sick and tired of popping pills and not getting and not getting results. The point and why this is critical is because you have to understand where on that promise exposure Spectrum or where in terms of marketplace sophistication your Market is because if your Market is already been exposed to certain claims and promises and even certain mechanisms. Well you rolling out the same promises with the same mechanism means that your campaign is going to fall flat.

It's gonna become part of the noise in the marketplace. It's not going to be differentiated. They're not going to see anything different or any reason why yours right unless of course you're discounting and you're trying to go be the lowest price provide or which is a nightmare in and of itself and a different conversation. And so it's critical that you understand right the marketplace sophistication. What have they seen what have they heard?

What are they already aware of? Now with that as the backdrop now, let's take a look at this campaign. And I want to be sensitive as always. This is not in any way shape or form look. Every marketer every entrepreneur starts with their first piece of copy their first attempt at a marketing campaign.

So this is in no way to demean or disparage this particular marketer. That's not what it's about. Maybe we could even get this marketer a copy of this chunk of our training today to help him out. But this is to point out right this is to take a look at a campaign that has an enormous and immediate which you will see mismatch to the level of marketplace sophistication for which he is attempting to Market. And so with that let's go over to the campaign and take a look and so you guys can all see my screen.

Yes thumbs up. Yes. Okay, good. All right, so you can see here right right off the bat. Um Right off the bat.

You can see based on the ebook cover over here that this is Facebook ads made easy. Um, and it says the complete guide that eliminates the difficulty of advertising on Facebook. So Facebook ads made easy the complete guide that eliminates the difficulty of advertising on Facebook. And and so let's just look at the the headline right here. We don't need to spend a whole lot of time going into we'll probably just gonna look at you know, a couple things over here just to point out some copy, but let's take a look at the headline.

And then I want to hear from you guys. So who else wants to grab a copy of the new amazing book that not only shows you how to dominate Facebook ads but also reveals to you the closely guarded secrets of how to use Facebook ads to generate massive leads acquire an avalanche of customers and exponentially grow your business. So before I I say my piece who wants to chime in and just share kind of first initial thoughts. Yeah, I mean, I really think that we see a lot big uptick in conversion if it was a monsoon of customers. Yeah use of an avalanche even a tidal wave I think would be more effective in that spot.

Yeah monsoons definitely monsoons definitely convert at a higher rate than Avalanches always off for sure tornado a tornado of customers but it all services just looking at it. It's just sort of this is something that I would expect to see the day that they started offering ads on Facebook. Like Facebook ads come out and people are like how the heck do I do this thing? But now that obviously Facebook ads have been out for years and years and years people aren't going how the heck do I do this thing? Um, they're asking other questions like dude, how do I get the algorithm not to have my CPS rise when I skate like they're asking much more advanced questions than this and so this, uh, yeah, it's just that's the Miss match.

Yeah and look I would say, you know for in in all fairness, right? There are certainly a chunk of the marketplace that is how do I you know, how do I game or leverage? The algorithm? How do I keep my CPAs down? Right that's certainly a much more advanced segment of the market than the typical entrepreneur.

And so I I agree with you there. But you know, but the what you said Damian I think is really spot on is that um, you know, you have to recognize what else is out there like so remember Marketplace sophistication is all about what is the market already being exposed to in terms of promises claims and unique mechanisms. And so it's not it's not only where you know, like what you know, where is you know, like where is the market at in terms of their understanding of the topic but it is right. We're now competing with other marketers that are further along in the sophistic. Mission of their message because more and more people in the marketplace are further along in their sophistication.

And so we're certainly, you know, we're certainly this message is certainly Unsophisticated compared to the bulk of the the marketing campaigns that the marketplace are being is are being exposed to Teddy. What would you add to this? Well, so I'm gonna throw a wrench in it as always right. So as part of it would be you know, if this was if this was the landing page for an ad for the keyword how to create a Facebook ad Or you know something that is targeting a very novice somebody who's never has no idea how to get started with Facebook ads this might appeal to them. So I would agree with you right I would agree with you.

Um, however, you have to remember that. We're not Marketing in a vacuum meaning so that likely right like likely and we know, you know, we know consumer behavior that they're going to click on more than one ad. And so right they're not just going to click on one ad and then immediately buy right when there's when they're doing a keyword search. And so what happens is they're now exposed to this marketing message, which is much less sophisticated and I don't mean sophisticated. I want to be careful here because I don't mean sophisticated in terms of like more sophisticated doesn't mean we use more um, jargon Necessarily right?

So I want to be I want to I want to make sure it's not like the you know, it's not like level one of the promise exposure Spectrum uses very basic common words, like third grade level and then level two uses sixth grade, you know words and then level three uses eighth grade words, and that's not what we're talking about. And so um, So it it's important to recognize that right? We're not Marketing in a vacuum. And so there are other people that are marketing to the same to the same folks that are a little bit more sophisticated in their message. So while I agree with you teddy, we have to recognize that that we're not Marketing in a vacuum that people are being exposed to other marketing messages.

And if other more remember something understand this that a level three message will work for level two and level one a level a level two message will work for level two and level one but a level one will only work for level one and so right it's important that you understand. It's very similar to the prospect awareness pyramid where and you you create a campaign for the unaware. It'll work for every level above it. Right. So it works for that level in every level above it on the promise exposure Spectrum, you know, it works for that level and every level before it.

And so Adida, what would you say with this? I guess similar to what Damian said so it lacks. ifics for today's I don't know. What dominate means. I don't know.

What's massively it's so that's not strong enough Yeah. Yeah, so I mean look if we go back to the copy and let's just get in the weeds, you know for um for a second um and just like look at the copy move away for a second from the marketplace sophistication discussion. And so let's just look at the copy. And so let's look at the the first part of the headline who else wants to grab a copy of the new amazing book that not only shows you how to dominate Facebook ads. So let's start let's start with that first chunk right there.

And so Teddy, what would you say about this copy? So Adida already said, you know how to dominate Facebook ads. Well, what does Dominique what does dominate mean in this context? I would really go as far as to say, right like look and this is why it's so important that we understand the Prospect and understand their psychology and understand what they're thinking and understand what they care about. First of all, I don't think many people care about dominating Facebook ads like Don't think that the majority of people care about dominating Facebook ads just like and I've said this before and I'll I stand by this.

I also don't believe that most people care about crushing their competitors. I don't think that people are you and I always go back. I always you always get pushed back on that whenever I mentioned competition, you're just like that other people. Yeah, like I do not think like I've never in all of the years that I've done this I cannot recall a single time. Where where somebody said to me, right?

Like I just want to crush my competitors. I just want to crush my that's like number one. I want to crush my competitors. I do not recall ever hearing that from somebody most people they're internally focused. They're inward Focus.

They just want to do better. They want to do more. The other thing is that let's go back to what Teddy said. Oh, let's say that this this has appeal to the ultimate beginner. The ultimate beginner who's like I just want to know how to set up a Facebook ad.

So I just want to know how to set up a Facebook ad. And so this idea of now we've got the person who just wants to know how to set up a Facebook ad and now the promise being dominate Facebook ads. Right, like I don't even know how to set up myself my first ad now you're talking to me about dominating Facebook ads, right? Like it just doesn't align it's just a minute. It's a mismatch.

Not only is it a vague general term dominate Facebook ads, we'd be much better rather than dominate Facebook ads, right the the question like let's say that this was appropriate copy based on the audience this dominate Facebook ads the very first question that I would ask her. What do you think is the very first question that I would ask the marketer or copywriter behind this as it relates the phrase dominate Facebook ads, Damian. What do you think? I would ask them? You're gonna ask you.

What does that look like? What does that mean? Yeah. What does that mean? Like, what does that look like?

What does dominating Facebook and right doesn't mean that you get a seat below CPA does it mean that you can increase your spend without increasing your ad cost does it mean you could spend your full budget every day and hit your row as like, what is it? Does it mean right does it mean you're you're ads are so effective that all of your competitors stop running media and they disappear and you're the only one That's now whose ads appear like I don't know like that's the but the point the reason why I'm saying that or the reason why I always ask that is what do you mean by dominate Facebook ads, right and and then like when they they you'll usually give an answer and then I'll say well, what would that actually look like now dimensionalize it for me take what it is that you just shared about what you mean by dominate Facebook ads and now dimensionalize. What would it actually look like? Right, you would be much better off using that than using a vague general term like dominate Facebook ads. You've heard me say this before and I'll say I'll continue to say it right what gives people that emotional charge when reading copy is being able to Envision the promise the outcome in their minds eye right when they can when they sit back right and like to say to somebody like you'll get at you'll get you'll make sales consistently.

Well, like what do I picture in my mind's eye, you know what I mean? Like, what do I picture in my mind's eye and like we did at it was It was kind of interesting and hopefully helpful for everybody when I said a top one draw me a picture of that right like draw me a picture of that. What would that look like and we were talking I forget I don't remember exactly what we were talking about and nobody could and that's the point that if you can't even draw a picture of what you're saying right then how is the prospect supposed to be able to picture it in their minds eye and if they can't picture it Finds I then it doesn't have that same visceral emotional response that we want. But if you said like rather than say get sales consistently, which is a very vague. I don't really know exactly what that means.

Maybe it's like, you know get a minimum of a dozen sales every day seven days a week right now. If you wanted to draw a picture you could see Monday inbox sales notifications Tuesday inbox sales notifications, Wednesday inbox sales notifications, right? You can picture it in your mind's eye, right? And then if we dimensionalized it by saying imagine waking up every morning checking your email and every day seven days a week seeing dozens of new sale notifications. That's what we're talking about.

Like that's the difference between a a general statement and something that is um something that is more concrete more measurable, right? We've talked about good promises right our specific concrete and measurable, right? So if you say dominate Facebook ads, how do I measure That how do I measure if I'm actually dominating Facebook ads? What's the criteria that I use? How do I how do I measure if I'm getting sales consistently I can certainly measure if you said to me right wake up every day, you will starting in in one week from today.

You'll wake up every morning and seven days a week. You'll see dozens of sales notifications in your inbox waiting for you that's measurable because now seven days from now 10 days from now 20 days from now, I can check my my inbox and if I don't have dozens of sales, then you didn't fulfill that specific. It's concrete and it's measurable God Damien so so T so I get it it reminds me a lot of when we talk about what makes great writing right great writing great story telling is in the details. It's in the specifics. That's what draws out emotion and connection.

So, how do you strike the balance? Because you know, I'm more of a natural writer than I am a copy writer. Although I'm a copywriter but like I love telling us how do you strike the balance between doing that and still being pitted because I can sit here and say, you know, I could paint these very elaborate colorful deep emotional pictures and everything. I write would be so insanely verbose, you know, we would have to be delivered in print. yeah, well, I I think you know, look I don't have a definitive answer like I don't have a technique per se for that but I would say this that look, you know, you you know, you want to be able to give a specific concrete measurable promise as pithy as you can and so right like it's it's kind of like it's very similar to um, At least to me, it's very similar to when when we talk about The credibility Chunk in a sales letter, right?

So we took we we got the lead then we got the introduction. Hi. My name is Todd and then we've got the credibility chunk and I always say right like The credibility chunk is there to answer one question it's there to tell the prospect like this is why you can feel comfortable listening to me about this topic. It's not to give the full bio the full, you know CV it's not to give every Accolade that you've ever received. That's unnecessary it is what is like, can you can you establish that that you are a trustworthy resource for this particular Topic in a sentence then do it in a sentence.

You don't need three or two or a paragraph? And so the point is that like if you're asking me You know, if you're asking me if you know, I can make a statement in five words that will be vague in general or I can be more concrete and specific and it'll be 10 words. I would tell you use the 10 words to be specific and concrete that's that's a good that's all. Okay good. Um, and so let's go back to this over here.

I don't know if this is the the this is the double Ellipsis for for effect over here. The the six dot dot dot but nevertheless. It's a drum beat. Yeah. They're there is one other thing going on here that I'm curious if anybody sees and it's it's a little bit Nuance, but it's a little Nuance but it's also important and so who else wants to grab a copy of the new amazing book that not only shows you how to dominate Facebook ads.

So does anybody see anything else here? Yeah, I wonder if what I need to know that it's a book. Okay. Um, so that's it. That's interesting.

I would say that how to how to just know. You know, how how I can achieve the result. Yeah, that's an interesting point, which we're gonna come back to I will say this that right. Let's take the word amazing for one second. And that's not this is this is not what it is that I was gonna say, but let's just talk about this for one second the amazing book.

And so what do you think like, what's the deal with you know, what do you think? I'm gonna say about the word amazing. I thought you're gonna flag the who else wants to but the amazing. Well, I mean look, you know it goes without saying that the you know, the majority of the marketplace like look the mid. Let me say this the majority of our market, right?

And this is no disrespect at all in any way shape or form to this marketer, but the majority of our Market our target audience would see this as incredibly amateurish. Right, like insanely amateurish, like no one from our our world would even entertain this this would be viewed as insanely amateurish. um That being said, right? So two two things with the word amazing. So you've heard me say before that like when should you use?

Or what's the purpose of using an adjective? Um when when describing a noun what's the what's the objective? What's the purpose of using an adjective? I don't mean that the English, you know rules of grammar of but I just mean what when we use an adjective in copy. What why are we using the adjective or why should we be using the adjectives?

To add more information right to add more Dimensions today's additional meaning right? Ignore information, right? It gives you additional information. If we said right the um, if we said something like the you know the new six by nine book, right? So that gives us more information.

It would be unnecessary. We would need that in there but it gives additional information. Right? And so the word amazing outstanding fantastic incredible all those all those. Yeah, the super well super is a great work now.

So all of those words, right they give no additional information. They give zero additional information. The second thing is that and this is important. I know that this sounds like we're we're joking right or I'm joking, right, but I'm not and that is the do we are we to believe that because we describe it as amazing that they're gonna see it as amazing. Like in other words, like that's what they expect him to say.

They don't expect him to say the sub-par book the average book. The air, you know, like they don't expect him to say they right this is so it does nothing. It has no impact. It has no effect. Right?

Nobody looks at it and says, well he described it as amazing. It must be it doesn't work. That way. It does not work that way there. Is this what and this is an important thing that right.

We need to understand like it's not you know, the the Just because you say something doesn't doesn't mean that the prospect is gonna believe it and doesn't mean that it's gonna have the impact or a impact on the Prospect. And so there's no value in amazing and having that word in there. You can get rid of it new. I think it's totally cool. Right like the new book.

I think it's totally fine. But amazing is a throwaway word. It's it's puffery, right? Let's go back to um, the the Nuance that I just wanted to point out for time purposes is excuse me is the way the sentence is written what it's about is who else wants to grab a copy of this book? When what it should be is who else wants to dominate Facebook ads like Adidas said Right.

It's not who else wants to grab a copy of this book. That's all totally missing the whole point Count Me In I want to be in the grab a book. Yeah, even the formula of who else wants to is, right who else wants to result not who else wants to order who else wants to go ahead and click the button at the bottom of this page to order a copy of my new course. That's not that's no you're focusing on the wrong thing. Right?

The action shouldn't be applied to who else wants a copy of this book. No, it's who else wants to dominate Facebook ads or the more You know the more concrete specific the other thing is let's look at this, right. So, um, so um, If we were going to just go with dominate Facebook ads, right? Dominate Facebook ads then why do we need that? Not only shows you how to dominate Facebook ads but also reveals to you the closely guarded secrets of how to use Facebook ads to generate leads acquire customers and exponentially grow your business.

Why do you need this if you just said dominate Facebook ads couldn't you just get rid of this and and just use this shows you how to um how to generate leads acquire an avalanche a customers and exponentially grow your business. Like it's redundant. It's redundant. It's right. It's almost like Damian it's almost like saying right like who else wants to grab a copy of this amazing book that not only shows you how to get into incredible athletic shape, but also shows you how to build muscle burn fat and get flexible.

Like what's the difference between those add-on claims in the first claim? Right? Like what's the difference? And so right this is you could make the case in all encompassing claim. That should be if if dominating Facebook ads doesn't involve generating leads acquiring customers and exponentially grow your growing your business then what does it involve?

Okay, and so you guys get the point? Another little thing over here little tiny tiny tiny tip. So you see this who else wants to grab a copy of the new amazing book that not only shows you how to dominate on Facebook ads, but also reveals to you the closely guarded. So in this first, let's take this right here in these first five words. What word is the wrong word to be using that can be replaced with another word.

in the first five words and not only shows you how to dominate Facebook ads. But also reveals to you which word can be replaced or should be replaced, but correct, correct? Right not but is the like is the negate let me negate what I just said, this is the greatest book ever. but no, and Right. So not only shows you how to dominate Facebook ads.

It also reveals to you, right it also or and it also reveals to you. Um, A blah blah the you know, the you know my feeling on closely guarded this is I believe in the very first sales letter I ever wrote call it almost 20 years ago ish, but you I use closely guarded and so 20 20 or two decades ago closely guarded. I thought you're gonna say that was the one where you are like superimposed to cowboy hat on. The order form is that not that one? I'm sure in that one.

There's closely guarded Secrets being revealed for sure. No doubt about it. Um, I think it might have been the Chiropractic Roundup or something. Yeah. It was a how to create a referral stampede.

That's how bad that but, you know, the interesting thing is right like an indeed. It doesn't even know what we're talking about. And so it the interesting thing is that right like sophistic Marketplace sophistication. There were things that were appropriate that you could get away with right 20 years ago 15 years ago that you can't get away with today. Why because we're not Marketing in a vacuum because there's comparison even I would even go as far as to say this for what it's worth just a side note right that to me.

Don't right this book. It doesn't it doesn't live up to or measure up to the standard of other e covers right? You would not go to Barnes &amp; Noble and see this cover on a book in Barnes &amp; Noble. Right like you wouldn't and so right you're not Marketing in a vacuum. You see this and like this doesn't look like the typical book on on the shelf.

And so there's immediate like there's an immediate, you know, something's even if you can identify it something is is all um, So over here, uh, we can go back to you know show how to use Facebook ads to generate massive leads. Uh, I could nitpick and say if anything it should be a massive amount of leads massive leads are just bloated heavy overweight leads. Um, no, but the the pole kidding aside the um, you know, like what does that mean? Again, what does that mean? How do I sit back and picture on my mind's eye?

Oh, yeah, man, massive leads massive leads love me some mass in there getting covered in those massive leads exactly. Oh and so right same thing, you know, you know how I feel about like an avalanche of customers. I just it's the today's consumer today's consumers not an idiot, and I'm not to say that they were years ago. Right, but the thing is you have to understand that they've been exposed to a lot more marketing. There are a lot more like listen to me.

The internet has changed the game in many ways, right? It is made consumers so much more, um jaded so much more hesitant so much more reluctant their radar and filter is constantly on I've said before right the internet is the least trusted of all communication mediums because they know that anybody can put up a website and Anything at any point and so it's different than even though our our respect for let's say newspapers. Is that an all-time low even at an all-time low, it's still higher than our belief in what gets said on the internet and so right like why would you say an avalanche of customers say be specific be concrete be measurable. Give me something to to Envision in my mind's eye. What do we mean exponentially grow your business?

What's the difference? And right Damian has heard me say this a number of times. What's the difference between exponentially growing your business and growing your business? Right. It's exponential differences.

It's like the difference between and I love this and I've joked about this before. It's the difference between right tell me. What's that when people say this is absolutely free. I have a quick question the absolutely free. How does that differ from free?

Right like is you know what? I mean? Like it's absolutely free or is it is it free or is it absolutely free. And see the point the point being right that that's where you end up with you end up with this this bloated copy where absolutely free is unnecessary. It's free.

It's either free or it's not you don't need absolutely it's not certainly free right like it's free. And so the point is that these right it blows you guilty because I've written a hundred percent free before. I mean, you know, you got to ask yourself right like 98% is free, but maybe the last two percent is very expensive. It's 50, you know, it's 50% free. Um, you know, like it just it's unnecessary and that's you've heard me say before like like look and I don't want to Veer too far away from this for time purposes because we're really at the end of where we should be ending these calls the main thing that I wanted to to just demonstrate was like you've got to you have to know who you are talking to and what they've been exposed to before what they've heard what they've seen what they are seeing right now what they're hearing right?

Because you know, like like listen. Even if and this goes back to to Teddy's point. I know Teddy had to jump but even if somebody was um, somebody was Excuse me at the very beginning and they just wanted to know how to set up their. Their first Facebook ad right? Well, you take this take this.

In compared to a marketing campaign that has a let's say a unique mechanism that is designed for beginners. It's the you know, it's the beginner blueprint. It's the three-step, you know, Adida approach that can take anybody that even without any experience on Facebook and have your first published and profitable ad up in 48 hours or less guaranteed. Right? Well now I can choose between Facebook bad Facebook ads made easy or this other system.

There is more credibility. There is more sophistication and trust me when I tell you there's gonna be much greater conversion on that side. And so this is why I said it's not and this is an important point that I want to re-emphasize. It's not just a matter of how sophisticated is the audience. It's also a matter of what are they being exposed to and how does our campaign measure up in terms of sophistication?

Because Facebook ads made easy compared to a a Facebook beginner unique mechanism. One, two, three Adidas system published in 48 hours or less guaranteed with zero Tech is going to win with that same beginner audience. Does that make sense? Yeah. The last thing that I'll just say to Circle back to the to to where we were kind of headed down this path and I think I've talked about this certainly before is I I believe if there was one piece of advice or one tip that I can give when it comes to um, editing copy right there and there's a lot of things that we can look at from verb Choice.

Can we cut out, you know week verbs that are using an adverb to just a stronger singular verb, um, you know, can we can we cut out the you know adjectives that don't add any new information can we add periods where there are now commas to to make the sentences tighter pithier the single tip is this cut cut when I go back and I look at I'm looking for things to cut. I'm looking for things to trim right? It's the it's the whole right. What's the the Damian the when people do the um statues with marble? What are they doing?

They're chipping away. They're getting rid of everything. That's not the statue that they want. That's Not the image that they want. They're getting rid of everything that is unnecessary.

That doesn't belong there. Right? They're not adding stuff. They're chipping away at stuff. And so my biggest thing is right like when you're writing when you're writing that first draft write it get it out roll with it.

Uhm, get it down on paper. Don't worry about it being smooth. Don't worry about all the verbs being perfect. Don't worry about whether you said absolutely free. Absolutely 100% free.

Don't worry about that. Yeah. It's about getting your thoughts down on paper. Then through the editing. We'll go back and say all right.

This word is unnecessary. This phrase is unnecessary. This sentence is unnecessary. This paragraph should be up here boom. It's through the editing that we polish it.

The first draft is gonna be a disaster. It's the editing that's gonna clean it up. And so any final thoughts on today's call. All good, you get the point make sense? Yeah, it's just amazing.

How much can be said about just the headlines it really is, you know on so many on so many levels like even again, you know not to rehash it. But going back to knowing your audience who you're talking to. What do they care about? What do they want? Right like, it's again, it's Facebook me as Made Easy yet.

We're talking about dominating Facebook ads, you know what? I mean? Like, it's not that they don't care about that. They don't care about that and that's where That's where when people hit a page, right and they see this all it takes is one second two seconds three seconds tops for somebody to be like dominate Facebook ads closely guarded Secrets, um, gorgeous ebook. I'm out.

You know what? I mean? Like I'm out and so, um don't question about closely guarded secrets. so my head it raises. Straight away like why?

Yeah. Why? Yeah, look, I mean, you know, I'm not an old guy, but I'm not a spring chicken. I've seen some life. I don't know if I've ever met anybody or ever been in a situation where someone closely guarded anything any secret.

No, I mean look, you know, I'll say this and this goes to you know, this is it's it's an interesting and we believe we've had this conversation on prior on prior calls, you know it is and this is important and so listen get this so it goes back to it goes back to This idea that new copywriters new marketers. They see something like closely guarded which is right. It's it's that that phrase those two words are are you know are rarely used in the real world. They're mostly used in copy, right and so closely guarded. Oh, it sounds like a cool Buzz phrase like a cool copy phrase.

And so let me use it. It's the same thing as somebody using a tactic without understanding the strategy or the marketplace. So it's like, you know, like, you know, like a deal like like you said, you know, I've seen people where it's it is they'll say things like um, you know, what what such and such don't want you to know like what you know what you know the whole what what's so and so does you know what such and such Doesn't want you to know and but they apply it to a marketplace where that just has no place meaning it's like, you know, learn how to swim, you know, like the secrets of the backstroke that lifeguards don't want you to know what Right, like what? What do you what what makes you think lifeguards? First of all are holding secrets and why would they not want you to know that like where that is an example and and I and I write that as an example of somebody taking a copy Buzz phrase without understanding the underlying strategy.

The underlying strategy right is ultimately tapping into a belief a feeling and emotion that the marketplace has already about the source. And prodding it now where it is appropriate right is let's say in Alternative Health treatments with the pharmaceutical industry right when it's like the truth about ABC, you know ABC natural supplement that the pharmaceutical industry doesn't want you to know right and they don't want you to know it right because they want to be able to continue to sell their their medication and charge you they don't want it to go public because they'll they'll lose profits that makes sense and the marketplace feels that way they already feel that the pharmaceutical companies are keeping information from them. That's why they're the common enemy, right? That's a very common thing. Sometimes you also see where you also see it, um used and it can be used effectively is the what Wall Street Pros don't want you to know right the investing strategy That Wall Street Pros don't want you to know right and number one that Taps into an existing belief in mainstream Main Street.

America that they are being there there is information being kept from them and you can understand why they feel that way there's a profit motive. They don't want you to know their tricks because then right you don't need them anymore. They don't stand to make money. So you have to understand the market everything that we say and present needs to come from how the marketplace feels what the marketplace wants what the marketplace believes right? Like everything has to come from that and it's from that understanding that we then craft our message.

This is why I've said before and this is the the last point this is why right what is direct response if we had to boil it down what and this has been said before right. This doesn't come from me, right the record responses psychology communication and math. It's psychology communication and arithmetic put the arithmetic aside because that has to do with metrics and CPAs and aovs and and all that then we've got psychology and communication psychology of what psychology of the prospect psychologist. What do they want? What don't they want?

What do they see as a great Sol? What have they heard before? What have they seen before? What are they not believe who is the common enemy? Who do they hate?

Who do they think is holding information back from them? If if anybody what are some of the beliefs that they have that we need to be aware of because if we go up against them right away, we could immediately just have them say this person doesn't know me right we need to understand the psychology and only after we understand the psychology and we then communicate in a way that moves them. So you can't just communicate or attempt to communicate and use words and phrases and ideas and emotional triggers without first knowing the marketplace because our whole game. Our whole purpose is to move the market meaning move them emotionally move them intellectually. And so you got to know where they're where they're starting how they're thinking how they're feeling everything comes from comes from them right like everything comes from them.

Take exclusivity the idea of a sense of you know of belonging that doesn't that that doesn't apply to every product right like that doesn't apply to every product. I used to live in New Jersey. We used to have um septic so we didn't have City water and we had a well we had like well water and we had septic so there wasn't this city Plumbing in in New Jersey every like three months. We would have to get this stuff that you pour into the toilet flush it into the septic to clean the septic out. It helped like grow the good bacteria blah.

You're not gonna build in exclusivity with that product. Right, like you're not building an exclusivity that the point being that you have to understand the market what they care about like not everything applies to every product. And so that long tirade is just is is done. That's all she wrote for today. Um guys, I'll see you next week get ready.

Next week's call is gonna be a doozy and so get ready. You got it.
