---
title: "cc_2022-10-18"
date: 2022-10-18
duration: 41m
duration_seconds: 2492
vimeo_id: 761560007
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-10-18

**Date:** 2022-10-18 | **Duration:** 41m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

All right. So so Teddy like I mentioned it's you and I today I was hoping for the rest of the team on today's call because really I just wanted I want to do something totally different something that we haven't done before and I want to I want to just really have a conversation. There are three insights that I'm gonna share in a second from Mark Ford and these are kind of fairly new insights from um, Mark now just because we we share the recordings with some folks. I want to give a little context to who Mark is and why this is interesting to me and why I felt that it was worthy of taking 35 minutes or so, 40 minutes, whatever to have a conversation about these insights. So for those of you that don't know Mark Ford is really a legend in the world of direct response.

He is he's a New York Times Wall Street Journal best selling author today. I believe he's got about 18 published books. Probably his most Um, you know famous or widely known book in the entrepreneurial space is ready. Fire aim phenomenal book well worth everybody reading. I would say that he's coming out with an updated version shortly.

And so if you can wait wait, I would pick up the the updated version. I'm gonna actually pick up the updated version myself. I have the original and and then I'm gonna get the new one and mark is really the he's probably best known for being the marketing wizard behind the Agora companies. So Mark has you know, he's he's really what I call. You know, he's one of my early mentors he's what I would what I often refer to as a true renaissance man.

He is a painter he writes poetry. He's an art collector. He is a competitive Jujitsu dude. He is a very successful real estate investor. He's obviously a phenomenal writer.

Um, And he's got a piece at one point. I believe he had a piece of of close to a hundred different businesses ranging in. In value the most successful of all the businesses that he's a part of is the Agora companies the 800 pound gorilla in the world of direct response, 1.5 billion dollars a year in annual sales at their Peak. Uh, and so Mark needless to say Mark is a wealth of knowledge when it comes to all things related to direct response. He's an amazing copywriter.

He was the guy that really helped to train up most of the early copyrighters in Agora. He's written some wildly successful copy. He's the guy that wrote and really wrote the promo to launch the Oxford club, which became one of the one of the biggest wins for the Agora companies. And so the guy is just you know, he when he speaks about direct response. It's it's worthy of listening to to everything that he says the really interesting thing and Teddy the reason why I really wanted to kind of just discuss these insights from marker because number one these are fairly recent things that He has said and being that he's had such a long career in this space.

He's obviously evolved right smart marketer, smart entrepreneurs smart individuals in general will evolve and and learn new things and oftentimes change their opinion or their perspective is their exposed to more experiences and as they their knowledge increases and they see things that they didn't see before and so it's always fascinating to hear from Mark today later on in his in his career, um, what perspectives he holds today that he didn't hold years ago and what New Perspectives he holds that are just based on his experience in all these different businesses over the years. And so today I just want to I'm gonna show you I put these these three little blurbs that Mark shared on a slide deck and we're just gonna have a conversation about the three maybe, you know some A couple of these maybe you disagree with or I just really want to kind of plant the seed. I just want to give the team something to think about. So even our you know, the folks that are gonna be listening to this or on our team the via the recording I just want to give you guys something to think about and I just want to have a a discussion for me. Even though I heard Mark share this Marcus share tips with me, you know new insights personally these two of these three.

I haven't spent spent a whole lot of time really even contemplating. So this is as much for me as it is for for you. And so with that I'm gonna share my screen and then I'm gonna bring up this little slide deck and so you should be able to see the screen. You can see my screen Teddy. Yes.

Okay, and so let's go through. Let's just go one at a time and if we if we're done with this in 20 minutes cool, if we're we go a little bit longer that's also cool. And so one of the first things that Mark said which is kind of a little bit of a shift from what it is that I first heard him say about business growth He said this recently he said rather than making your goal the highest revenue or largest profit or the greatest number of buyers make your goal the highest lifetime value of your customers. And so right he's saying you know, he look I I want to give a little context. So what I don't believe Mark was saying here is have it have a goal for higher Revenue.

He's not saying don't have a goal for higher Revenue. He's not saying it's not admirable or or a good thing to have the largest profit possible. He's not saying that it's not a good thing to have the greatest number of buyers what he is saying is rather than focusing on those things and making one or more of those things the primary goal. He's saying make the primary goal the highest lifetime value of your customers. So before I give any of my kind of thoughts and perspective on this, I'd love to hear your thoughts, Teddy.

yes, so I mean I fundamentally agree with it the you know, I think it's certainly ties into what I think you're gonna say which is you know, the the over the overarching philosophy that we teach about, you know, treating each customer as a list as an investment, right and you want to keep growing the value of that investment and lifetime value is is the way you do that, you know, I think it'd be potentially worthy for at least for those listening to Yeah, I think they struggle with lifetime value because you know, especially if they're just starting out they have no idea what the lifetime value really is or could be and there's you know, multiple different ways to calculate it. So that would be that would be the only thing that I think would be lead to some confusion around that but certainly makes complete sense. Yeah and great great points. And so, you know, look I'll I certainly like look I And I certainly feel strongly about the fact that you know, we we want to you know, we want to treat our you know, we want to treat our our clients our tribe as real human beings and not just a you know, an ID in our CRM or contact record. In our CRM, but I think that for for in the spirit of transparency, I think that that's more of a kind of just a very personal a personal stance and a personal perspective just the way that you know, the lens that I view life through is and and the motivation for me is just wanting to do good and wanting to take care of people and wanting to really help people succeed and Thrive and so therefore they're worthy of our you know of treatment that that recognizes you know that these are real human beings and all that, you know, and I say that in this context because look and if I'm being honest, there are there are a lot of wildly successful businesses that probably don't have that same philosophy or perspective.

So while look I I'm not saying that you can't be successful on as a business owner unless you view your your database as people and human beings and and all that that's more of a a personal approach for me. As it relates to so there's a number of things here and then we'll kind of tackle and we'll talk through Teddy the lifetime value thing. I really I I think here I I think and again, I haven't given a whole lot of of thought I haven't pondered this a whole lot but I think a couple of things number one. I think that from a pure metric numbers perspective. I think that a focusing on lifetime value growing the value of every individual of every customer of every client on the list and really just making the average customer worth that much more to to the business from a pure numbers perspective.

I think that it allows you to pay more to get more buyers to generate more sales. I think you know in a in an optimal scenario, it naturally lends itself to a high margin or high profit business, right the obviously, you know, the more we can increase lifetime value. Through the back end the more that we can increase what a buyer is worth. The more margin there is built into the business, right like ultimately if you if you really think about it. If we look at for example lifetime value and we say that the which is which is accurate what I'm about to say that the bulk of lifetime value in the majority of direct response businesses comes from the back end, right if you look at you know, if we look at the if we look at the the business relationship or the relationship with a a buyer, right?

Well, the front end is one transaction the front end makes up one transaction. Now, of course, if you're selling High ticket, right if you have upsells out the Wazoo, we certainly can increase the value of a buyer in that very first transaction, but the reality is is that the back end is made up of the second transaction on and so you've got unlimited really upside growth potential lifetime value impact on the back end. You've got the second purchase the third purchase the fourth transaction the fifth transaction and and so on. Whereas the front end is the is the very first transaction. And so uh, so you know why I'm sharing that in this context is because if we look at really growing lifetime value through the back end remember the most expensive part of acquiring the customer is handled on the front end, right like the customer acquisition costs are handled on the front end whether 100% is handled or 80% or 60% or some number is handled on the front end, right?

So by increasing lifetime value through focusing on bigger deeper longer more extensive back end. We have more money to invest to get people so we can get more buyers. We have a greater margin than because the customer actually the customer acquisition costs or the customer acquisition costs, right? Whether if we have a lifetime value of a thousand or we have a lifetime value of three thousand, right and assuming that the bulk of that is coming from the back end. Well, the customer acquisition costs are the customer acquisition costs, so Other words growing lifetime value doesn't necessarily mean that we are increasing what it costs us to get a a buyer.

We certainly can invest more over time. But the point being that the higher the lifetime value the easier it is to get more buyers. The easier it is to do paid media the the greater the likelihood of of having greater margin greater profit. And so just from a pure numbers perspective in a high lifetime value makes the game so much easier, I would really go as far as to say that the smartest marketers and I'm gonna label it something in in a second the smartest marketers really play a lifetime value game not a conversion game, right and you've heard me say that a number of different a number of different times and a number of different ways. That's the whole right we're investors and we're investing in the acquisition of assets and those assets are customers and those assets have a value today the day that they become a customer first trans.

Action front end whatever you want to call it and there's a cost to acquire that customer and then the then we have the back end increased the value of the of the customer the value of the of the asset. The smartest marketers are are playing that you know that lifetime value or really what I would just say is long-term value of a of a customer right and which we're gonna get to in a second the difference between lifetime value and long term value. And so does that make sense like that? Am I rambling or does that make sense? No, no totally makes sense.

You know, I don't know that we want to get into the Weeds on it, but certainly, you know, the conversations that we've had hundreds of times. I would say right like yeah, like when do we dip into the back end Revenue to subsidize the front and revenue, you know, those kinds of those kinds of decisions and then also recognizing that playing the lifetime value game. Typically requires potentially deeper Pockets to subsidize. Or at least carry cash flow wise to carry that that loss initially. Yeah addition.

Yeah, you're you're absolutely yeah, you're you're absolutely you know, you're absolutely right. Like I mean look, you know, the the metaphor of we are investors and we're in the business of right, you know in acquiring assets that have a value today and a cost today and then a future value right? Of course that is a simplification of what it really means to be in business, right? We certainly, you know, people aren't we could talk about, you know fixed costs variable costs. Really to keep things Ultra simple, right we're talking about if you really boil it down.

If you really really boil it down, there's an asset and it costs, you know, there's a value to that asset today the value of that asset today right is ultimately determined by the aov of our first campaign. Right? And so for some the and this is why let me take a step back and and you make sure Teddy I don't get too far into the weeds here. But you know the value of an asset in any in any Marketplace in any industry. The value of an asset is ultimately determined by the business, right?

So in other words, you know the you know, you entrepreneur a entrepreneur be entrepreneur a might have a campaign that's set up that um produces a hundred dollar aov right in the same Marketplace as entrepreneur be an entrepreneur being might have a campaign that is set up that produces a $500 aov on that front end transaction. So looking at the immediate, you know day one or day Zero whatever you want to call it front end value of the asset is different to those two businesses based on the campaign that they have set up and ultimately the aov that they are extracting same thing. You could also say the whole transaction the cost to acquire the the asset is going to be different in different businesses in every business because it's really dependent on your ability to drive traffic at the right cost or inexpensively, right? And so one person might be more skilled at media buying there for their click through rate is higher. Their conversion rate maybe on their marketing is higher.

And so what it's costing them to acquire. The asset is different, you know is less than you know for entrepreneur a it's less than the costs associated with or for entrepreneur B. So while you know in the real estate investing space, it's you know, if we're going to real estate investing for a sec for a second and just comparing what it is that we're doing to real estate investing. It's it's quite different in that. You know, you're you're making an offer right entrepreneur a can make the same exact offers entrepreneur be the value of the property immediately is the value of the property for both.

There's no difference right the value of the property that they both acquire on days zero is the same the only difference in in the long term value is what entrepreneur a and entrepreneur be do or choose to do with that property entrepreneur a can do something can do more Renovations can do better marketing to put You know people in there tenants in there can charge more potentially based on those Renovations. And so there there it's a simpler process. Acquiring the asset paying for the asset, um for a real estate investor than it is for us because there are dynamics at play that like media ad creative, you know images um conversion rate what the upsells are all of those things, right? So we have a direct impact on what it's ultimately going to cost us to get the asset and then we have a direct impact on what that asset is worth. If we do if we do a poor job, we can pay a heck of a lot more than we should be paying for the asset and have a you know, generate far lower value on day one, then let's say compared to entrepreneur B, and so it it's definitely a simplified.

You know, it's it's a it's a it's a metaphor but it's a simplified version if you will, but the the thing to really understand what I what I you know, I I think that you know Getting back to this. I think that Mark just really realizes that it's an easier game to play right that it's an easier game to play lifetime value over time. He's not talking about a startup because like you said Teddy write a startup doesn't know what lifetime value is a startup doesn't know what the value of the customer is in three months from now or four months from now or eight months from now, they have no idea because there's a there's a they're very um a startup. So Mark is looking like, you know, he's not talking about startups. Let's talk real quick and then we'll move on to the second one about lifetime value.

So lifetime value is definitely a you know, is is a difficult some what difficult kind of nebulous metric when you think of it as lifetime because what people always say is what's Lifetime, right? What do you mean? How do you know what lifetime is? Um, Of a customer right whether you whether you're just starting out or you've been in business for a year, how do you know what lifetime is the business? That's the the business that's been around for a year lifetime could be two years for a customer.

They don't know that yet or it could be 13 months and they're about to find that out. Obviously a startup has no clue. That's why I really recommend and I really recommend looking at lifetime value as as that the value of the asset over time. And so right just the value of the asset over time and so it's not you know, rather than look at it. Look at it as lifetime.

Just look at it as what is the value of the the the asset 30 days after you acquire it. What is it 60 days and there's no right or wrong interval. Right? Like it's not like you just to clarify for like when you say what what is the value just for anybody listening? Like what that means is how much have they spent with you?

Over exactly exactly right how much they have how much they've spent right? You know? What are they worth you? What's the value? It's all the same things how much money they've spent with you.

So, you know, you get a customer, you know, you get a customer you you acquire that asset. Let's just say that it costs you $100 to acquire the customer right on average right across you $100 and let's say that on average a new customer is worth a hundred dollars to you day one the date, right? So the AO V of your front end campaign. Is a hundred dollars that means ultimately that you've generated zero profit right? It's basically just turning over your money.

You put out a hundred you get back a hundred and you get a buyer. You turn out a hundred you get back a hundred and you get another buyer you turn out a hundred you get back a hundred and you get another buyer. And so there's no profit. You're not multiplying your money. But what you're doing in that in this example is your acquiring customers with really zero zero impact negative impact on your bank account.

There is a flow of cash the money goes out and then the money comes back in but in terms of the total amount in this example, there is no impact then looking at what is the value of the average customer at 30 days after you acquire them meaning like Teddy you just said, what is the average amount of money that a customer spends 30 days later with you now that number some you know, the some customers the majority of customers might spend zero right? Some customers might spend 30 some customers might spend a hundred there's Average number in direct response we look at and and deal with and use averages if that number is 50, right? Well, then we know okay. So now at you know, 30 days later after we've acquired that asset that asset is worth an additional $50 to us and let's just say hypothetically that that then writes at 60 days. They've spent another fifty dollars.

So now right if we if we go back and I don't want to get caught in the weeds the math like the actual numbers because it's Insignia you can plug in any numbers but they've spent a hundred dollars right when they when when we acquired them as a customer 30 days later, they were worth another 50 on average across that's now we're at a hundred and fifty value of a customer and then at 60 day by 60 days. They've spent another 50, right that means at 60 days. The average customer is worth two hundred dollars to US. And so right at 60 days if the average customer is worth $200. There are certain things that we can do and certain things that we can't do.

If we meaning in terms of what we can invest to get a customer in terms of right like what we can pay per click all that stuff right the cost side of things if at 60 days a customer was worth 400 instead of 200 well, now there are more things that we can do the game becomes that much, you know easier if we want to be able to spend more on clicks. If we want to be able to spend more to get customers meaning if we want to be able to have lower conversion campaigns where the cost to acquire and a buyer is higher we can do that more. So with the 400 dollar 60-day value then we can with the $200 30 day value that makes sense. I know I'm going down a crazy Rabbit Hole here, Teddy. Yeah.

No it totally it makes sense to me. I want to make sure it makes sense for for everybody else. But yeah, like so, you know so fundamentally, it's understanding that, you know chances are at least in our space whether that's internet marketing or coaching and consulting or whatever like you're probably going to break even if you're lucky on the front end campaign and and most people got to understand that because a lot of people out there are preaching put one dollar and get three dollars out and that's just not the not the reality right. So so knowing that potentially you're gonna break even more likely even potentially acquire customers at a loss initially so that you need some of that back and revenue to subsidize it which means that you also need to have more than one offer. Right and it doesn't have to be that you have could be affiliate offers.

There's other ways to generate that lifetime value, but That just knowing that going in that that is the game that we're playing right? Yeah, really? Well said just really well said like, you know, look, I I look at it as an again to just oversimplify or what I think in my mind is oversimplifying is just you know, like look you you talked about you know break even right break even just means it costs us a hundred dollars to get a customer and that customer is worth a hundred dollars the day that we get them. So we we broke an even on the right. We didn't make any profit right but now we have a customer and and that's the the thing that I want to understand what people often neglect.

What what they focus on is. Why would I want to break even like why would I want to break even well if all you were doing was breaking even on a transaction and you weren't getting an asset as well. Then you would want to break even but the key takeaway is that why would you be willing or why should you be willing to spend a hundred dollars to make back a hundred plus a customer because you get the customer you get the Asset in my mind. It's no different than investing in a piece of real estate right that like, you know, like ultimately right? Like if it's you're almost like saying it it's almost like saying if I said to you you can invest a hundred grand in a piece of real estate and you put down a hundred grand and immediately you get a hundred grand back in your pocket.

But now you own that piece of real estate you would do that all day and every day right? You wouldn't say well, why would I do that? I'm just getting my money back. It's not that you're just getting your money. You're getting your money back plus the asset which now has the potential to bring in money in 30 days and 60 days and 90 days and 180 and whatever and so it's the fact that we are we're acquiring the asset and that's the thing right that you know, I think it was Dan Kennedy at one point who said, um, you know, who said What did he say?

I don't remember exactly what he said, but it was smart that with front-end marketing. We don't we don't we most people get a most entrepreneurs. They think about their front end, even though they're not really thinking about their front end. They think about their front end as they want to get a customer to generate a sale and we look at it as we want to generate we want to we want to generate the sale to get the customer and that's right. It might seem like Nuance but it's not right most businesses.

They're they just want to get a customer so they can generate the sale because they think that getting the customer is about the profit immediately. Whereas we understand that the business really is that the ongoing value the long term value the lifetime value of the assets. So on the front end, it's all about right. We want to generate the sale to get the customer right and then grow the value of that customer grow the value of that asset and so very cool and So this is interesting the next thing and it's related to this and so shouldn't be that that much more of a of a deep discussion. But Mark said the goal is not to get the most amount of money in the short in in the shortest time.

The goal is to develop a relationship with buyers that is good for both of you. So they continue to buy products happily with very low refund rates over a long time. Now again, I want to preface this by saying right. This is not like we just accept what Mark is saying here, right? I want to I want to discuss it.

So let me say it again. The goal is not to get the most amount of money in the shortest time. The goal is to develop a relationship with Buyers that's good for both of you. So they continue to buy products happily with very low refund rates over a long time. And and so what are your thoughts about that?

I see Michael's with us. And so Michael you could chime in. We're just having a discussion about these insights. And so what what like what do you think about what Mark said here? Well, yeah, I mean this The lifetime value makes the lifetime of the lifetime value longer, right?

Yeah. Yeah. No, you're you're right. What do you think Teddy like what so so for me like this this hits on my right biggest pet peeve in in this industry, right which is that we all spend so much time on generating the customer and after that sale happens very few people spend the same amount of time and effort to make sure that the customer got the result that you just promised them. Yeah, and they don't realize that if they don't get that result that they're less likely to buy anything else from you, right?

So it's it's our duty to make sure that like, like if you're conversion sequence and lead generation sequence has 20 emails in it and your customer fulfillment after they purchase is too like that's a problem. Yeah, and you know, we've all been guilty of it but I mean understanding that getting the person to consume what it is that they bought and get the result is the key to getting them by more and maximizing that lifetime value. Yeah, and Know you you know, you have been such a you know, a staunch advocate of of that for for so long. You're the voice in the in the in our company really that's continued to preach that God my Michael. No.

No, I've just laughing because he that's that's Teddy. Yeah, that is that he is which is is such a great thing. I love it. It's one of the many things that I I Adore about Teddy that you know, while you know, look, you know, I I preach you know, I might come out of from a different angle, but I know where where it comes from with Teddy that he wants like people deserve to get the result that we promised them that they you know, that they the reason why they invested in what they invested in and so he he wants to see them reap what it is that they deserve to to get and so I love that about him. You know, I I think that you know, I I think that I think ultimately at the core and this is pure speculation here.

Right because probably should have Mark back on, you know, maybe top one and do another follow-up with him to hear exactly really what he what he was trying to communicate here. You know, I think that a I think that what Mark is ultimately saying here is you got to be willing to play the long game. If you do like you said Michael want the highest lifetime value like look you can you know, you can get money from somebody rapidly. Um, but you know, like you could go at it hard up front try to get the most amount of money from them and then just move on there are certainly a lot of businesses a lot of entrepreneurs that do that that take that perspective and you know, they're they're happy with their businesses and they're and they're successful by all measures but I think that Mark having spent so much time now in the business Sizes that you know, it is just so expensive to acquire a buyer and right it's becoming more expensive to acquire a buyer. And so the value like work on the value of the buyer do good by them so that they want to stick around don't put out shoddy products.

Don't put out shoddy offers. Don't say things that you don't mean don't say things that are gonna potentially break trust with the buyer take care of those buyers. Right? And if you take care of those buyers and like Teddy, you know, you you give them you ensure that they get the results you ensure that they get value that they're happy that they're cared for that they know that their valued. Um, they will tend to stick around longer invest more with you to get more value more results and everybody wins, right and so and everybody wins and so I know You know Mark is you know, Mark is a lot less aggressive today than he was early on in his career.

It comes with age maturity, you know a wisdom. But I think that you know, Mark would would really say today play the long game be willing to sacrifice fast revenue for really long-term profits, right? And so you heard me say like Teddy you heard me say during one of the presentations of top one. You got to practice the lead gratification sometimes right like you got to practice the lead gratification sometimes and don't you know, you can go hard and go with somebody and try to get as much money as quickly as you possibly can but the the you have a you know, take care of them play the long game and so I believe that that's what Mark is really ultimately trying to trying to say here anything that either of you guys would add to this. No good.

The last one is is simple and is just a simple and And Mark, I heard Mark say something like this when I was a dinner with him. Once with Kevin Rogers and David Deutsche. She said something similar to to this. This is specifically about copy and this is what Mark said. He said, I want my doctor to have a very calm and rational voice to show me that he's done his homework and to make recommendations that seem more restrained and more reserved what Mark was to give you a little bit more context what Mark was talking about was the the, you know, he doesn't want his doctor to make these hyperbolic outrageous statements.

To speak it with these, you know with puffery and a lot of adjectives what he was saying. Is that what you know, what? What he looks for in a trusted Advocate and a trusted resource in a trusted Authority is somebody that is calm rational that shows that he's done his homework and I would say that that statement to show me that he's done. His homework is not to say I've been in you know medicine for 17 years, but to when he makes a recommendation he's able to give the rationale and reasons why right the research shows acts on this the the data points to element. Opie a doctor from you know, Harvard Medical discovered that this works well with in other words, he's he's got a foundation he's got substance to his recommendations and he makes those recommendations.

Um what Mark said here more restrained and more reserved meaning he does it he does it calmly confidently straightforward and he's He's not relying on his excitement and his wild passion and rhetoric and you know, you know hyperbole he's relying on right he is calm he's confident. He is presenting his recommendations with support and evidence and he's really being um, he is he's not over overstating the the potential benefits. And so what do you guys think from what Mark said here? Well, I'd say that. I'd say that when I when I read things that I can tell instantly that it's copy that is you know that they're not doing that.

But if it's Authority and I I feel like they have my back and what they what they want is what's best for me that has a lot more especially when he's talking about benefits. It has a lot more impact on me. Personally. Yeah me too. Well said I mean me too, right and we you know, I we I've talked about this before the the whole idea of you know, reactants reactants is when you know people feel like they're being pushed they push back when people feel like they're they're being, you know manipulated when people feel like persuasion, you know is being used on them people resist when people feel like they're freedom of choices being taken away they you know, in in terms of they're being pushed to make, you know to see something a certain way like again it goes back to that whole David Ogilvy, you know, the the prospect is not stupid right?

She's your wife like and don't treat them. I don't treat them that way. What do you think about this Teddy? I think it goes I think it's speaking to actually what we've talked about on some of these calls and in terms of just the the words and phrases that you can use to kind of tone down claims, right? It's a soft and softened claims.

They're not so absolute obviously was Hyperbole and and making a proper campaign argument. That's what I'm reading into it. Yeah. Well said man, I love the fact that you use the word argument and will end with will end with this with that and because I think that you know, you're so to me right looking at this, I think that you're you're so spot on I I think that you know, and ironically I talked a little bit about this when I was in the boy in Boise at the the the click funnel thing last week, um that you know that when they're when when we or marketers sell or attempt to Market and sell something and there really is no legit foundational argument that you could make for why this thing is the wisest Choice why it's the best choice like why it is the best answer when when you when you're making those kind of claims absent of excuse me any legitimate Foundation. The only thing that you have left to do to make it sound great.

Is to use hyperbolic language in other words, right? It's then it then becomes the job of the words and phrases and how we say it right like, um to create that excitement and that and that value but when you've got the foundation when you've got the support when you've got the evidence when you've got like you said Teddy the argument that you can that you can present to somebody and it is you know, it is call it for lack of a better phrase, you know rock solid and airtight you've done the job you've done your work of putting together a powerful argument. Um, then you don't need to rely on that exaggerated hyperbolic, you know, almost irrational, um, you know, phrases words language, right? And so that's ultimately what like to me what I also see here with Mark like it's calm it's rational right? It's making Recommendations he's showing that he's done the homework.

He's giving you the reasons. He's giving you the rationale. He's giving you the evidence he's doing it calmly he's doing it confidently, he's not right. Um, you know, he's not blowing up these these claims and therefore, right. It conjures trust in US it doesn't do anything to make us feel like he's stepping over the line and I think that that's there's a huge difference between when you go to a you know, a funnel and you see that somebody is just put together a sales pitch or somebody is just making a bunch of claims.

There is no argument. There is no support there is no rationale and what their ultimately trying to do is just they're saying things like this is a breakthrough. This is an incredible breakthrough and they give you no evidence or rationale or support or argument for what makes it a breakthrough break through and what a breakthrough how like but they're just using the words to get the response from from prospects and I believe that That type of copy is more and more turning off on prospects, especially in sophisticated markets where they've been exposed to more and more marketing and so any final comments from you guys. Nope, good. You guys are out of here.

Thank you. I will see you guys next week if you need anything slack me if not, have an amazing day guys. Okay. Thanks Scott.
