---
title: "cc_2022-11-29"
date: 2022-11-29
duration: 42m
duration_seconds: 2538
vimeo_id: 776308013
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-11-29

**Date:** 2022-11-29 | **Duration:** 42m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

All right. So like I said indeed it looks like right now it's you and I I'm sure they're some folks on the team will straggle in but what I want to do today is I want to take a look at some of the copy that I wrote for a recent promotion. Actually it was it's copy that I wrote and then recently kind of updated it to make it an evergreen promotion. And so I'm going to share rather than look at the DSL slide deck. What we're gonna do is go over and look at the actual Google doc.

And there's I just want to kind of go through the copy and um point out some of the things that I'm doing but the main thing that I want you to focus on I'm gonna tell you this up front so that you can kind of look forward and pay attention as I'm going through. This is the argument that I present and so ultimately is this belief that I instill in in prospects viewers of this of this video sales letter and so and I'll point that out when we get to that portion and so with that let me share my screen over here and so You can see my screen a okay again. Yeah. Okay, perfect. So what we're looking at here is we're looking at the script for a video sales letter that a offered in the end.

The John Ford Workshop. So I brought John Ford in to spend the day with um with a few dozen of our clients a little while back and the whole purpose of John Ford coming in to spend the day was to teach his approach to leads so leads being in this context the first 3500 words of the campaign John is really known in the copyrighting world as The Authority when it comes to leads, he's the co-author with Mark Ford no relation and and so we had these recordings of this of this workshop and I I wanted to share it with the world and so What I decided to do though in this particular in this particular promotion in this particular letter is I decided that I wanted to use a premium driven promotion what I mean by premium driven promotion is I wanted to take the freebie that I was including in this and I wanted to lead with the freebie. So I wanted to really make the first part of the of the of the promotion of the of the video sales letter be really all about the freebie and building value around the freebie. And then right once I was done building the value around the freebie the aim was to then go into the main offer which is how they get the the freebie and so What I decided to do was I decided to create the freebie with John. I'm giving you kind of behind the scenes context so that this all makes this all makes sense.

So what I decided to do was I asked John if he would get on Zoom with me and John mulry for about an hour to discuss some of his updated thinking on lead creation. Right? What he was seeing today that was working with leads. What was no longer working with or is no longer working with leads what he's doing different today in terms of how he approaches leads. Um how he decides what lead he's gonna go with for a particular campaign.

So it's kind of like hey, you know, we've just gone through as a society a crazy time with the pandemic and all that craziness. And so what's changed based on right? We've seen this, you know, we saw shift in in sentiment and people's fears and people's you know, what they were paying attention to and so I really Wanted John to focus on like has that impacted the way you go about crafting leads. Now. I want to be crystal clear about this right?

I knew all along that the aim of that call right was to create a wildly valuable freebie that I would then be able to use at the start of the promotion. So going into that call. So going into that call. I knew right it was done intentionally and I like to say this I like to say this often right that you know, and this is an important Point worth considering worth pondering when it comes to Promotions is that oftentimes we need to engineer the assets that we're gonna use in the promotion, right? And so I knew I wanted a wildly valuable premium that I was ultimately gonna lead the promotion with and so I decided that a great From a premium a wildly valuable premium would be if I can get John on Zoom to share his most updated thinking in terms of lead creation and Lead You Know lead formation engineering leads based on what we've just been through really as a society.

And so that was the that's the backdrop of this right that that was engineered and see this is often for what it's worth. Ah, and this is it. This is an important point. and Damien, can you go ahead and mute mute your Just yeah, there you go. Awesome.

And so this is an important point because and it's kind of in a side to this but this is a general rule. In fact, Damian and I were just having a conversation about this. I think yesterday as a matter of fact and I've said this numerous times to you guys tedious heard me say it a number of times and that is right that when it comes to offer creation when it comes to offer engineering that you you don't simply default to what you have on your hard drive or what you have on your shelf. It's our job to really understand the marketplace to understand. What would what drives the marketplace what excites the marketplace what the marketplace hasn't seen what the marketplace would love to see and be able to create those things to be able to engineer them.

And so sometimes right like sometimes you can you can intentionally engineer urgency into a product you can intentionally engineer scarcity obviously into a um into a product there are things That you can do to engineer storing even going back for a second just to deviate for one second even going back to the promotion that we did for the Agora copy school, right? Um, and I I decided to go out to Baltimore for the day just to speak with Joe schriefer the copy Chief over to gore financial and his copy team to really to really understand what they were doing in terms of training their new copyrighters to become incredibly prolific effective copyrighters. The reality is I knew before I went that day to Baltimore. I've been to Baltimore several times before there are client of mine right on Joe's office wall was taped up the E5, um funnel engineering blueprint. I knew exactly what it is that they did with their copywriters and how they train them.

But because I I wanted to engineer this asset the footage Audio the story of me going to Baltimore and going behind the scenes to really understand because I knew that that would be valuable. That's why I went through that. That's why I took David with me and that's why we filmed it and we did audio and I had these interviews and I spent the day and and all that because it had to be engineered to be used the same thing applies here to this. And so now you've got the backdrop and so now one of the things that I want you to notice right away as we dive in to this, so we're not gonna we're certainly not going to cover all the copy but I'm gonna point out some key elements that I want you to see here is that now what you can see here is a narrative like right. I don't want to use the word story here because I think that a lot of people default to you know, the heroes Journey or like I'm gonna tell a story about myself or right there is a narrative right?

So there's a plot line here. Me getting on with John Ford, right? And why did I get on with John Ford? And what did John Ford reveal to me? And why is this valuable for you?

And so you're gonna see that here, but what I do want you to see is that it starts off with a narrative. It doesn't start off with just general claims General promises. It's not a you know, a promise, uh driven lead. It's not a problem agitate solve lead, right it is it's for lack of a better word. It's a story lead.

It's a narrative. So I said, so I just started to call Paris France to speak with the legendary Mentor what it dozens of today's top copy writers. I wanted to get is unique Insight on the massive change. We're seeing with one of the most critical parts of our marketing funnels now right off the bat you're gonna notice two things at play in here really one thing being applied twice and that is curiosity. And so I've leveraged curiosity twice already in the in this first little chunk of copy here in that.

I wanted to speak with the legendary mentor to dozens of today's top copywriters. Who is that? I didn't say immediately. I didn't introduce him immediately at all. And so now there's curiosity of who is this is right and I know for our Market that immediately they go is this somebody that I'm following.

Is it somebody that I know is that somebody that I'm learning from already like right do I know who this individual is that Todd went directly to so there's curiosity there. Second thing is I do this a little curiosity play that I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna start to address here and I wanted to address his unique Insight on the massive change that we're seeing with one of the most critical parts of our marketing funnels, right? So immediately opening up this you know, that this this Gap this knowledge Gap this curiosity, you know this open loop if you will, um, right mine and yours with the increase in competition and most markets and all the craziness going on in the world today things have changed so much in terms of marketing message people marketing messages people are now paying attention to and engaging with and which ones they aren't it's clear the topics the ideas the marketing hooks which used to work to get and hold attention aren't working nearly as well anymore in most markets. You know that you're likely seeing it today with your own marketing. It's becoming tougher to get emails open get clicks and get people to view your marketing content.

So I want to address something here, right if you'll you'll see for one second that I opened up with the narrative. I decided to call France to speak with this dude, right the copyright or top copywriter. I wanted to get his unique Insight on a big marketing change mine and yours. Now. I didn't continue immediately with the narrative.

What I had to do was kind of explain or demonstrate how this is impacting you Mrs. Or Mr. Prospect like this is directly tied to you. Here's what I'm talking about so that they care about hearing the rest of this right so that there's a stake in them in them hearing the rest of this there's value in them hearing, um, the rest of this, you know that you're likely seeing it today with your own marketing. It's becoming tougher to get emails open get clicks and get people to view your marketing content.

Obviously when it comes to getting people to engage now, I'm transitioning like a d to when I mentioned to you early right earlier, um about the argument that I want to show you even in a narrative right even in a narrative. I'm still presenting an argument and I want you to start to see it here. Obviously when it comes to getting people to engage with your marketing campaigns. There's nothing more important than the lead of your marketing message. That's the first 300 to 500 Words you say whether on video on webinar or on your sales page, right?

If you're off The Mark with your lead the first 3050 words even just a little you're losing prospects before you have the chance to expose them to your marketing message a boring lead a hyped up lead and out of touch lead or just a lead phrased incorrectly and lots of your prospects are just bailing from your marketing campaign. And you're then obviously losing out on on losing out on lots of sales. Now, you're gonna see that this is one long claim Right. This is one long claim. That's right.

It's one long claim. I want to I want you to understand that right remember, I told you Adida earlier on and Teddy Damien you guys missed it. Right? But you know that this is a promotion to offer John Ford's lead Master Class the lot the live training. Well, I knew or believed that um, that that many of many people in the marketplace the majority of people in the marketplace don't fully understand the importance of the lead and the role that the lead plays in overall conversion rate and in sales in marketing Effectiveness, right?

Most people will tell you most people in our space will tell you the headline, right? Like the headline is, you know, they'll quote this headline is 80% of the of the deal but most people don't fully understand the enormous impact of the lead. Most people also don't understand the variety of different lead types. That are out there and which ones are appropriate when and where most don't know that so I believe that I needed to present a case to demonstrate why this is so right. So this big claim right when it comes to your marketing.

There's nothing more important than the lead of your message. That's the first 300 500 Words Right fact is you get it wrong. Right and you're losing prospects whether it's a boring lead a hyped up lead and out of touch leader just to lead phrased in correctly. And this was the one that I put in here intentionally because they're right like it is that it's that almost that catch-all right that catch all like right like somebody might think I have an exciting lead or right like my right but if it's not phrased correctly even what you think is good might not have the the result that you're ultimately after um, Uh, so of course smart marketers are now adapting their their campaign leads the first three hundred fifty five hundred words of their marketing message to what's working. Now.

The question is what is working now to get your prospects to stop what they're doing and pay attention to your marketing. That was the question. I want I wanted to answered. That's why I called France, right? So now there is this whoa, like we're facing a huge change in the marketplace right people aren't responding the same way to the same ideas hooks angles, right?

You're seeing that in your marketing whether it be with your clicks your email opens right clicks on ads getting traffic to your um to your offers, right? Well the problem or the The Source the thing right it stems from the lead and if you get the lead wrong you are right. You're you're dead in the water. Right? And so this is why smart marketers are adapting their campaign leads.

The question is how are they adapting it? What's Now, what should we be doing right to make sure that this critical piece, right? We we've got nailed. That's why I called France. So any questions from anybody on this first part.

Shouldn't be right. This is pretty clear pretty evident what it is that I'm that I'm doing here, correct. Okay. Um now I'm going to shift back, right? So now you could make the argument that this is um, this is an open loop.

The question is what is working. Now. That was the question. I want an answer. That's why I called France now now I'm gonna go on to credentialize John for the folks that don't know who John Ford is now I'm gonna credentialize John remember we have to answer the question.

Like why should I listen to this person when it comes to this topic, right? Like why should I care what this individual has to say about this topic. So I need to um, credentialize. Um, John and I I go through right not now everyone who's anyone in the world of direct response marketing agrees when it comes to putting together Powerhouse leads, there's nobody who knows more than legendary direct response copy, right or John Ford or Jack is he likes to be called? So I knew I had to reach out and do whatever I could to get Jack on Zoom with me and marketing director John Moore race, so we could find out from Jack what's working so little little story right back.

Continuing with the story. It's not just one or the other right? It doesn't have to be just you could have narrative right while you are credentializing for example or presenting an argument. Oh so we could find out from Jack what's working with leads and Lead types today. Now before I tell you what Jack shared with us open loop, right?

So I wanted to find out leads what's working with leads and Lead types. Now before I tell you that like please understand that the value of hearing from Jack's insights on anything related to the topic of leads and constructing leads. And then I give um some reasons here Jack's behind the scenes mentor to dozens of today's top copywriters. He's personally been writing copy for home run promotions for 25 years is copy brought in hundreds of millions of dollars for clients across multiple Industries. So when it comes to constructing campaign leads and openers, Jack is a wizard the go-to source for the most effective lead methods working today.

That's the credentialization of Jack right? This is credentializing Jack. now what I'm going to do, um Now I'm going into the argument for leads right for the value of leads. Now, you'll see that there are all of these open Loops from right? What's working today?

Right? Like Savvy marketers are changing their campaign openers, right? The question is like what are they doing? Like what's working today? What's the right way to approach it?

What are the most effective leads and Lead types right working now, I'm gonna go before I give those answers right or address those answers. Now I'm going to go into building a case for leads and you're gonna see that and we're gonna Breeze through this you're gonna see that um a big chunk of the body. Of the marketing portion of this vsl is spent presenting a case for why viewers should see and recognize the lead is one of the most valuable aspects of their marketing campaign. So I say now look if you've been around marketing for any any length of time you no doubt heard how marketing research shows that 80% of your marketing's campaign success comes from your headline and lead and I showed a picture of that but fact is as you'll see today what you say to open your marketing campaign is even more important even more decisive when it comes to whether you're marketing is going to be effective or not. The this is a claim Right.

This is a claim. According to Legendary copywriter hirsching board Herschel Gordon Lewis, you can create a brilliant offer for your product or service everybody wants but unless the lead is a grabber you won't be competitive shorten attention spans an increased skepticism have added new rules for an effective lead proof. And horse and Herschel Gordon Lewis isn't the only one saying this legendary copywriter Bob Bly quote from him your lead either forges and instant connection with Prospect right even renowned Financial copy, right or Mike Palmer. The guy behind the famous end of America promotion preaches. The lead is by far the most important thing.

This is why Mark Ford one of my earliest mentors in the marketing wizard behind the 1.5 billion dollar or Gora says, right 90% of your success depends on 10% of the copy you write get the 10% writing. You'll have a golden career fair to mask fail to master that 10% and you'll be eating ketchup sandwiches. The 10% is the 300 to 500 words that make up the lead of your marketing campaign Mark even goes on to say right drilling drilling it in right like that. We prove that by testing two different leads right that we could double or triple response just the leads. It was the leads that made a profound difference eventually the just the disbelievers were converted nowadays most marketing experts and copywriting coaches accept the importance of the lead.

They have seen the test. They cannot dispute the Tax so it's a fact if you want your marketing to get attention and produce sales. You must must make sure that you're three that the first 300 to 500 Words do the job. They need to we'll talk more about that in just a bit. So you see how right?

Presenting a a case for the value of a lead, right? My aim was to get somebody to say. Wow that okay. They're like heavy weights here. Right or saying that the lead is critical.

I quoted four different people highly respected people in the in the in the copyrighting space now, right I'm gonna go on to the next part of the argument is first right? We'll talk more about that in it first. I want you to understand why having a properly set up lead for your marketing funnels is even more critical today than ever before yet trickier than ever. So there's two things that I'm trying to convey here that it's even more important today than ever before in the history of direct response marketing, but it's also trickier right in that that there are two things that I'm trying to kind of get across to the prospect here one is that it's obviously more critical than ever like you've got a nail Right like and it's even it's more important today than ever before but also it's trickier. So I'm planting a seed of doubt in their mind that even if you think you know, you may not know exactly how to do it.

So I'm planting a seed of doubt that it's possible that you think, you know how to open up the lead the right way, but you may not know how to open up the lead the right way. So right why is having a properly set up lead for your phone. It's more critical today than ever yet. You get trickier. Why because what did I say to you guys?

What what's What's the value of the word because in copy love to hear from Teddy or Damien? What's the value of the word because in copy? it provides like Factualization of that like, okay, this is true because right it yeah, I don't have the proper words or eloquent way to say it but that's what it does. No, that's I mean the year, you're absolutely correct right Teddy, would you add anything to that? Yeah, not just what whatever comes after it is establishes proof.

You got it. That's it. Right. So it's you know, the the word because or the phrase the reason why is it serves as a bridge to evidence to support so we always say right that that you can't just make a claim and then move on right because you're our prospects no prospects know that anybody can claim anything at any point anywhere especially online right? Which you've heard me say many times before the internet is the least trusted of all communication mediums because anybody could say anything at any point and I think for what it's worth.

I think that right now we're living in a time that people are more distrusting more distrusting of what it is that they read here and see than ever before right. So now we question everything and I would say that we question everything even from formally what we're viewed as As previously credible sources, right? So now we even question things on the news in newspapers. Like we question everything and so what you have to recognize is that people are there they they want evidence they want proof. They want support they want you to give some undergirding to the claim that you're making and so one of the ways that we can present proof like most marketers think that proof is either testimonials or case studies or stats or statistics or studies or something like that and all of those things can be proof and are proof in in um in certain contexts, but also giving your reasoning giving giving an explanation of why something should be viewed as true, um is another form of proof.

So when we say because like Teddy said like Damian said what comes after that serves as proof or evidence or Port for what it is that we just claimed right? And so this is why we teach and indeeda knows this probably better than anybody on here, right? This is why that we we teach clients that When it comes to a marketing argument that even if you have no stats, no studies no quotes from credible sources that you can still have support and evidence in the form of reasoning in the form. Like you say, it works quickly. The reason why is boom right?

It's easy because boom support and so what you what you when you don't offer that when you don't follow it up with some sort of support or reasoning then you've just got a series of claims a series of claims. Anybody can make um, and most of the time when marketers just make a series of claims. They're just hoping that because they said it people will believe them. We know that that is less likely today than ever before. So it's right a properly set up lead fear is even more critical today than ever before yet trickier.

Why because and now I'm gonna go through this, um, your prospects are even more distracted more occupied more sensitive today than ever before with all the competing marketing messages and everything going on in the world right now people. In general including your prospects are simply not paying the same level of attention to the marketing Hooks and openers and leads which we're working even just a few months ago. And this is why the entrepreneurs and marketers still using so you see how even in that there is this little call it many arguments that right. It's even so it's even more critical today why because of this people are more distracted with competition and the craziness going on in the world right economy virus all that Wars all that crazy, um stuff and people, you know, so prospects are simply not paying it the same level of attention as they once were right and this is why so the result is so the impact is based on that right based on that the impact is that the entrepreneurs and Market are still using the same approach to the way they set up the opening to their marketing messages in the past are now seeing Less sales less conversions and less buyers and having a brutal time trying to make their traffic generation efforts work a lot of waste of time and a lot of ways to money all because these entrepreneurs are clinging to what works in the past. I'm kind of summing up what it is that I just said all because So they're wasting a lot of time wasting a lot of money struggling to get conversion sales all because these entrepreneurs are clinging to what worked in the past and haven't adapted their campaign leads to what's working today when it comes to when it comes to capturing their prospects attention.

Meanwhile the entrepreneurs and marketers tweaking their campaign leads the right way. Now the right way are not only seeing sales many are seeing more sales than ever before now. I want you to notice something here right this phrase. What's the value of this phrase in in copy? I talk about this right I've talked about this numerous times words like properly or the right way or correctly.

What's the value in doing that? Somebody tell me so he said meanwhile the entrepreneurs and marketers tweaking their campaign leads the right way. Are benefit benefit. What's the value of that phrase the right way? What do you guys think someone?

Well triggers curiosity for what is that way? What is the right way? What is it? Right, correct, right. This is very different from just saying meanwhile the entrepreneurs and marketers tweaking their campaign leads right?

Because see the thing is is that if I said this is the way that I view it, right? That's the way that I see this this little um, the the value of this three word phrase right here. If I were to just say meanwhile the entrepreneurs and marketers tweaking their campaign leads are not only seeing sales many are seeing even more sales. Well, the reality is is they the prospect can simply choose to tweak their campaign lead, right? There's nothing more that they need to know if I just said meanwhile the entrepreneurs and marketers tweaking their campaign leads are not only tweaking there.

Okay, I'll tweak my campaign lead. And so what I wanted to do was I wanted to plant this seed that right that that there is something that you may not know you can't just go out and tweak your campaign lead. You have to go out and tweak your campaign lead the right way. What is the right way? That's the question and The question that I want to linger in their mind, I want that to linger in their mind right when we say things like, you know, when you set up a when you set up your an opt-in page the right way.

That's very different from just saying when you set up an opt-in page, right because most people would all set up an opt-in page. I know how to set up an opt-in page. If I were to just say when you set up an opt-in page, you will X Y and Z. Well, there's no additional information that many of those people need to know assuming that they know how to set up an opt-in page. But when I say when you set up an opt-in page the right way now, I plant the seed of doubt in their mind that they might not know the right way and so right I need to understand I need to make sure that the way that I'm doing it is the right way.

Does that make sense to everybody? Yeah, and can I ask a question around us? So I don't know if you are intentionally doing this but To me. It's like using the contrast but between those other unadapted marketers, yep that I establishing that identity and an establishing this new identity of the marketers want to improve. The way they are either.

Yeah and find out what is the right way for sure. So you're absolutely spot on Adida. I'm gonna show you all scroll back in a second where I'll show you. I'll point out for everybody how I started that kind of that Identity or that contrast, um, even earlier in the in the campaign. I always try to love leverage that right.

Like I'll always refer to there are those, you know, there are the the average the common the typical the struggling and then there are these on this side The Savvy the celebrated the recognize the right in some shape or form. I'm always trying to leverage identity identity is one of those psychological triggers that we use in copy, right? And so like right, um, people wanting to see themselves in the successful group not in the not in the unsuccessful group. If you go back for one second to over here. Where is it?

Of course smart marketers? Are now adapting their campaign leads, right? So this is well, right like do I want to be a smart marketer? Do I just want to be a marketer? Right?

And so you'll always see me try to prop up the identity on the positive side right and not prop up the identity on the other side, which is a which is a nuance and let me point this out, right? So what right so Sometimes what you see in copy, and I don't. I don't think that this is the smarter way to do this, but sometimes what you see in copy is you see this identity at play. Right? Like you'll see this identity.

You'll see this the the average and the the successful. Let's say And you'll see what marketers do is they prop up The Savvy the successful, right? And they tear down the right like the the losers the wannabes, right the the ones that never like and they tear it down and I just don't think that that's necessary. First of all, I think that it's it feels manipulative. It feels a little aggressive.

It's like a little gross to me. It's right and so I don't believe that you need to tear down the this side right? You could just say like the average or the typical or the folks that you know, the folks that do tend to struggle. But over here, it's magnificent. It's glorious, right?

So I don't feel like you need to prop one up and tear one down. I feel like you can just write like you can leave it here and prop up the the other identity and so let's just go back here. And so meanwhile the entrepreneurs marketers tweaking their campaign leads the right way or not. Only seeing sales many are seeing more sales than ever before. It's crazy how effective having the right lead the right 300 to 500 words for your campaign is today when it comes to seeing sales, right that was kind of like my button like that that final like emphatic statement in that in that little chunk and that's why I reached out to Jack Ford now you'll notice right like I still at this point if you look at where we are page six of the start of page six of 13, right?

I still have not gone into What Jack talked about on that call? Because what I was doing was all this time was building up the value of the lead the impact of the lead the necessity of getting the lead, right and it's important to understand that right. That's because I believe with it that most people don't know the value of the lead. If most people in the marketplace knew the value of the lead, I wouldn't have spent nearly the amount of time doing what it is that I did, right. So this is based on most people don't most people don't don't know the value of a lead.

Therefore. I need to prove beyond a shadow without or to the best of my ability the value of the lead before I get into anything that John or Jack shared with us. I need to establish the value of the lead because what Jack shared being all about leads is only going to be as valuable to prospects as they see the value of getting the lead. Right, right. And so does that make sense?

Like everybody got that. Yes. Okay, good. Um, and so I just want to show you a little bit more and and then that's it. Uh, and this is why I reached out to Jack because I knew he could share with me and my team exactly what's working right now when it comes to having a compelling lead in today's crazy environment now, I go back to the narrative Jack and I my marketing director John Laurie jumped on zoom and for about an hour, I pepper jack with question after question about his insights on structuring and effective lead today.

Of course, I recorded the whole thing thankfully because what Jack shared was priceless now no joke. I'll tell you how you can get a copy of the entire unedited recording of our Zoom call free in just a minute first. Let me share a tiny bit of what you'll hear Jack sharing with us on this Zoom recording now, even though I'm including this free, right? What do I always say with whether it's a premium driven promotion or whether it's a bonus, right or whether it's even for that matter a lead magnet. You still have to quote unquote sell it right just because something is free doesn't make it valuable just because something is free doesn't make it valuable.

And so it's our job to make it that much more valuable. So right no joke, I'm gonna I'm gonna tell you how to get it for for free right? Let me let me first tell you are there any approaches now if you look at this, right all of these things, I intentionally ask Jack and I wrote down before the call with Jack because I knew that it would make for compelling copy. I knew that it would make for a compelling offer if you will, right? So are there any approaches to campaign leads no longer appropriate ones you shouldn't be using right now.

Should you or shouldn't you tie your campaign to the stuff going on in the news the one objective which now guides how Jack approaches setting up the openers to his marketing campaigns what the legends of copy taught which many entrepreneurs and marketers are still doing today. That is no longer effective right now the one feeling Excuse me, you must conjure and Prospects within your lead, which is more essential now than ever one thing. You should absolutely remove from your campaign lead to prevent your prospects from bouncing what you should avoid saying or doing in your lead right now how to know if your marketing ideas no longer appropriate for your market right now, Jack even shared a simple technique for creating the feeling of a personal interaction with prospects within your lead something Jack calls the promotional meeting and so much more. This one call has been in continues to be worth its weight in gold for us. Now.

Look I'm gonna go on if you look at this. First of all compelling after just going through this argument of how valuable and important the lead is and how if you don't get it right that you're losing sales, you're losing prospects you're bounce rate is through the roof all of all of that, right? I just built up this huge this huge value. I just feel a huge value. I just built up The credibility the enormous credibility of Jack that there's nobody related to leads that is Better more equipped to teach you what's working right now and then I got on with them and he shared all of this stuff right on here.

And you stand to get this. Um, absolutely free right this now look I want to show you a just a couple of other things and then that's it. We're done. Um now right this one call has been and continues to be worth its weight in gold for us. Now.

I give a little case study about what we did. In fact just about two weeks ago as of the publishing this video. We launched a brand new campaign using just a couple of the gems Jack shares about leads in the campaign is already the single most profitable new customer acquisition campaign. We had an almost two years, ironically the campaign. I don't remember which one it was at the time, but John mulry created that campaign.

I have zero dot you'll find the recording equally as valuable. So let me tell you how you can download a copy of the entire recording free and while I'm willing to share this with you right now. Look check this out. First reason. I'm willing to share this with you free because nothing and I mean nothing can impact how well your marketing produces sales more than the lead and this recording can help you dial in your campaign leads, right?

So what I gave two reasons, the first reason was reselling the value of the recording right? So I said I'm gonna give it to you free and then over here all of this right here all of this, um is reselling on the on the value of this recording and then I go into second reason. I'm willing to give this to you free because it's an ethical bribe as part of an offer for something even more valuable than just this one hour recording and now I go into the explanation of bringing Jack in see some time ago. I brought Jack in from Paris to Orlando. Art, I had him spend an entire day with dozens of clients teaching them from A to Z his entire methodology and approach for crafting ridiculously captivating leads clients paid 700 Jack showed them how to do this this he showed them how to open your marketing campaign with a bang so you can't and he taught a system which you can use over and over again.

So you can repeatedly have the most effective opening possible for your marketing plain and simple this full day. Boot camp is a master class and setting up your leads. Of course. I had a video crew recorded right now, you can get immediate access to the recordings of Jax one day boot camp and when you grab your copy, you'll also get immediate access to the recording of the zoom call between these two resources. You have everything you need to have some of the most compelling marketing messages in your Marketplace.

You have everything you need to get more sales from the traffic. You're already getting by just tweaking the first 300 to 500 Words of your marketing campaign. And then I go into like the rest of the offer which we don't need to cover and so you can see how even in something like this narrative not starting off with problem agitate solve not starting off with an overt promise. Um, Uh, what was I gonna say? You can see an argument being presented throughout you can see me building a case if that's the way that you want to think about it building a case for the thing that I'm ultimately gonna offer them building the case for the value the necessity of the thing that I am ultimately gonna offer them.

So now right going into the offer you realize or hopefully realize how important the lead is you realize that that the guy who is the go-to source for leads how to private call with me and conducted a full day workshop for clients that paid, you know, 700 bucks each to be in attendance. And now you can you can get all that. That's ultimately what it is that I did here. Any questions about this copy anything anybody want to add or any questions? No, you guys are all quiet no from you super thanks for this.

So I got it. Teddy you good? I'm good. Who's good? Okay, Damian you good all good, buddy.

Okay. All right. That's it. You guys are out of here. I will see you guys next week.

Thank you. Have a great day, right?
