---
title: "cc_2022-03-15"
date: 2022-03-15
duration: 38m
duration_seconds: 2323
vimeo_id: 688509940
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# cc_2022-03-15

**Date:** 2022-03-15 | **Duration:** 38m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

So last week, hopefully everybody got the chance to see the pre-recorded video that I did. If not, you can ask Glenda for that. But this week, I want to pick up a bit with the topic that we were talking about a couple of weeks ago. And this is really for you, Teddy, really more than anybody. When we were talking about the use of reason why.

And we were talking about offering proof and evidence and support. And I said that one of the kind of the go-to methods is to give the reason why something is true. So often, just as an ultra quick recap, so, you know, look, we've got, you know, proof is essential in marketing. I would go as far as to say, and I think it's been said before that, that, you know, without proof, you really don't have a marketing campaign, right? The reality is without proof, without evidence, without support, all you have is a string of claims.

And I said today, anybody can claim anything to be true at any given point. And what a lot of marketers and entrepreneurs do or attempt to do when constructing their marketing campaigns is they just attempt to focus on benefits, results, outcomes, the kind of emotional appeals of a particular product or service. And they never offer any support. They never offer any proof, any evidence of that, right? And so we talked about, and we've talked about, you know, dozens of times already at this point, the necessity of proof of evidence that when you make a claim, when you claim something to be true, whether it is a benefit statement about the product or service, a benefit statement about the unique mechanism, whenever you claim something to be true, you need to offer evidence.

You need to offer some sort of support. You need to offer some sort of support. And we talked about that. Most people think of evidence support proof in terms of stats, studies, you know, statistics, or more often than not, where the majority of our new clients go is they immediately think that they immediately associate testimonials, case studies with proof. And of course, case studies and testimonials have their place in marketing, a case study, a testimonial is a great proof point to back up a claim that you're making about something that the product or service can do.

But we really have two different kind of areas where proof and evidence are used. And so, of course, we've got proof, evidence, support that we present when we're talking about the offer, right, when we're during that 25%, the selling portion, if you will, the offer presentation portion of the campaign, right, we're going to typically present case studies, testimonials, but then we also have proof, evidence, support that we need to offer during the marketing argument. So when we're building the value of the unique mechanism, when we're demonstrating what makes the unique mechanism different and superior to every other option, we also have to offer proof. And that's not the place to offer testimonials or case studies. Why?

Because we're not talking about the product or service, right? And so we're talking about the evidence that we need to present to establish a certain belief about the unique mechanism, right? And so we talked about how one of the go-to strategies is to just give a reason why. This is where reason why copy comes into play, reason why marketing, right? Johnny Kennedy was the first person, I believe, to talk about that years ago or really coin the phrase reason why marketing.

This is also why, right, it's been said, I think it was Gary Benzavanga who said, right, no claim should be bigger than your biggest proof point. What Gary was really ultimately saying was that, right, like the bigger the claim, the bigger the proof point you need. And you shouldn't make any claim bigger than any one proof point, meaning that every claim that you make needs to have a proof point, needs to have a piece of evidence. And reason why, right, us explaining why or presenting an argument or mini argument or explanation for why something should be viewed as true is a go-to strategy for us. And so with that as the background, I just really want to, I want to cover one small nuance in this.

And I'm going to build up to it with just a couple of points for you guys. So I want to cover one nuance of that idea of proving claims or the believability of claims. So number one, I've said before that the number one reason that people don't buy is they don't believe you, right? They don't believe us. They don't believe some part of the message that we're delivering.

They either don't believe the entirety, the entire narrative, if you will, or more often than not, they don't believe that something will work for them. They don't believe that it's as easy as we're saying. They don't believe that it works as quickly as we're saying. They don't believe the payoff. They don't believe us when we say that they'll experience the payoff, right?

They don't believe what it is that we are saying. It's the number one reason why people don't buy. It's not because of money. It's not because of a lack of time. It's because they don't believe some portion.

It could be a bulk of, but they don't believe some portion of what it is that we are saying. And the reality is that people only respond to messages, specifically marketing messages, that they believe are true, that they believe are accurate. And I don't want you to get caught up in this, in the word true, like it's, they respond to messages that they believe are accurately presenting reality, right? That's what I mean by true. So, right, they only respond if they believe that they can experience the results you're claiming.

They only believe, they only respond if they believe, right, if they're looking for ease, that they only respond if they believe that it's as easy as we say it is, right? If they're looking for speed, they only respond if they believe that it works as quickly as we say. And so, people only respond to messages that they believe are true. And so, this is why I've often said, right, that believability is at the foundation of what it is that we do. That should, it's really kind of, it should be obvious.

But the reality is, is that we see a lot of students, a lot of marketers come in, and they make these, these borderline outrageous claims that make it that much more difficult for somebody to believe, right? And you've heard me say many times before that not everything that's believable is true, and not everything that's true is believable, right? Not everything that's true is believable. And so, but yet, we recognize that people only respond when they believe the claims and promises that we're presenting to be true. And the thing that I want you to understand is that believability is more of a logical issue when it comes to marketing, not an emotional one.

And what I mean by that in this specific context is that the establishing believability really comes into play in the portion of our marketing message that is designed to appeal to the logical side of the brain. So, in other words, you know, we've talked many times before about the idea that the lead, the opening of a campaign, the first 350, 400, 500 words, is there to really ultimately do one job. And that is to set the emotional hook, to get the person emotionally excited, right? To get them to say, like, this sounds amazing, this sounds awesome, but now prove to me that it'll work and prove to me that it'll work for me, right? Meaning prove to me that it'll work and prove to me that it'll work for me so that I can believe what you're saying about this unique mechanism, so that I can believe what it is that you're saying about the payoff.

And so, the believability, the real, like, and again, this isn't black and white, meaning it's not like there's no believability or we don't care about believability in the lead because, of course, we do. But the work that we do to establish believability comes into play, right, in the bulk of the marketing campaign, right, in the argument, because the argument is where we're ultimately going to present the reasons why they should believe that what we're saying is true. And so, with that as the backdrop, this is the nuance that I want you guys to really understand. And this nuance is really how I approach the thinking, the brainstorming, the development phase, if you will, of all marketing messages. And that is that we're not making claims and promises which we merely hope people believe.

We're ultimately making claims and promises which we prove to be true with evidence and support. And so, this is something worth you guys kind of pondering and letting marinate after this call, that in other words, I'm not simply looking for, I'm not simply hoping that when I present something that it'll be believed, right? So, I'm not, right, because you could, the marketers, I see folks that will, they'll take these outrageous claims or these outrageous promises and they'll think that by merely reducing them, shrinking them down, right? So, rather than saying you can make a million dollars, an additional million dollars in the next 90 days, they'll say you can make, you'll make an extra $30,000 in the next 90 days. And they'll say you can make a million dollars in the next 90 days.

Promises, which we then can go on to prove, to show evidence, to show support, to be true, right? And so, this requires a different level of thinking. It requires a different level of really brainstorm or in the E5 vernacular, right? It requires a depth of examination when we get to the product. So, after we examine prospects and we understand what they want and desire and their feelings and their emotions and their beliefs and all that, what's the problem that they're dealing with?

What do they consider to be an attractive solution? What don't they, what have they been exposed to before? What's let them down? What do they feel is missing, right? And then we go on and we look at and we examine competitors and we understand the offers that they're presenting.

We understand how they're positioning their mechanism, if they're positioning a mechanism at all and all the benefits that they're claiming. And then we go on to the product, to examine the product that we're ultimately going to build a campaign around, right? An offer, which deliverables, all that. Well, right, ultimately, I am looking to be able to make the biggest, boldest, most audacious claims and promises that I can that are true. And then I am going to make them believable through evidence and support.

And this is why I say, like, we only really want to build messages, marketing messages on ideas and claims, which we can present a plausible reason why it should be accepted as true, right? So we're only, we're building, like, this isn't about, to really kind of break this down and hopefully simplify this a little bit. This isn't about what's the idea or the claims that will resonate with my market and make them want to buy. It's not only merely that, right? Because if that's the only approach that we take, what are the messages, what are the claims, what are the promises that we can make, which the market would respond to?

Well, we certainly can be left with unbelievable claims, but we could also be left with untrue claims, right? Claims that are false. We could be left with claims that we just can't support. And so I'm always looking for the biggest, boldest, most audacious claims that are true, but that I can also support with a plausible reason why. Remember, I said to you earlier, you've heard, and you've heard me say this numerous times, that not everything that is believable is true, and not everything that is true is believable.

So just because something is true, right, doesn't make it believable. It's our job to make it believable by being able to present a plausible reason why, right? And so this goes back to that Gary Benzivanga principle of we're only going to claim what we can offer proof for, right? And in this context, this goes back to what Teddy had said, right, that, you know, you have to think about, and this is certainly, I believe for you, Teddy, more so than anybody, this is an important distinction that, you know, you have to get out of your mind. This idea of, you know, proving something means that there's, it's 100% fact, like, like, fact that you can't deny, fact that you can't dispute.

I would look at it as that we're trying to prove this beyond a reasonable doubt, right, if you will, right? In other words, we're putting together an argument that gives a plausible reason for why this should be accepted as true. And so, right, when you could, you, you, Teddy, believe that, let's say, you know, digital currencies or cryptos, you know, or blockchain is the future of finance, right? And if I asked you, why do you believe that that is true, right, if you spent the time thinking it through, right, you would be able to come up with an argument. And ideally, you would be able to come up with an argument, right, a string of claims with support to back up those claims that you feel, right, does a, a good, a good enough job to lead the average person to see why they should believe that that is true or that is accurate.

Or you could say that that is highly likely, right, because if you were making a forecast or a prediction, there's no way that you could prove like 100%, like for sure, it's a certainty, it's a guarantee, like a certainty, right, because you're talking about the future. But you could present what you feel is the most plausible, rational, logical, and acceptable argument for why the person on the other side should believe that that's accurate, should believe that that's going to happen. And that's ultimately what we're doing, except we're doing that for our unique mechanism, and ultimately what we're claiming about the mechanism. So when we claim, remember, I've said to you guys, you've heard me say this, you've heard me talk to clients and students and you guys over and over about this, that we're claiming that the unique mechanism is not only different, but that it's superior. It's superior to other mechanisms, to other frameworks, to other processes, to other methods or solutions out there.

And we're claiming that it is superior in some area, in speed, in reliability, in safety, in a combination of those things, right? And so we're claiming, right, so it's our job to present a plausible reason, a plausible argument or a plausible series of reasons why the prospect should accept that as accurate, as true, as believable. And this is why the interrogation step is so crucial, right? This is why really spending the time interrogating the mechanism and understanding why it works and how it works, what it does, what's the process, what's the system, what's the modality, what's the method by which it is able to produce the result that we are claiming that it can produce, right? Because it's through the interrogation stage or step, if you will, that we will, or that we develop the thinking to look for the support, the evidence, the reasons why.

And so, again, I just want to repeat that the takeaway that I really want you guys to grasp here, right, is that we're not simply making claims and promises that we just merely hope people will believe. We're making claims and promises that we then attempt to prove to be accurate and true with evidence, support, with reasoning, if you will. All of life, right, when it comes to even decision-making and what is the right decision and what is the wrong decision, we go through that same process internally. Most people don't realize they're not necessarily conscious of, they can't label what it is that they're doing, right, but they're going through reasons why, what are the reasons why I believe this is the smart move, right? And ultimately, for, you know, intelligent people, we'll look at the reasons why, like compare them and see which one is the smarter decision based on that reasoning.

And that's what we're doing. And that's why we're building messages on ideas and claims that we can present a plausible reason why to support. And so, right, this is why I've said before that I will not, it's not just a matter of coming up with the biggest, boldest, most audacious idea that we can come up with, right? And I always say, right, the idea needs to be believable. And in order for it to be believable, I need to be able to support it.

I need to be able to show evidence for it, right? And so, this is that kind of secondary step, that it's not just a matter of what idea, what hook, what angle could I come up with that's going to get attention. If all we cared about was what do we have to say to get attention, what do we have to say to ultimately stand out as different, and that's it. Well, that's infinitely easier, right? Because if we never had to come up with any argumentation to support that, any reasons why, right, any evidence for that, well, then, of course, it's infinitely easier.

All we're dealing with is what's going to grab attention and what's going to get people excited. But I'm always looking for what are the ideas and claims that we can present that are unique, that are different, that are arresting, but that we can also support and prove. Because without that, we lack the believability that's needed to move somebody to buy. Remember, if they don't believe what you are saying, they will not buy, right? They will not buy.

Believability is critical. And so we need to be able to support the things that we want to be believed. And so there you go. Any comments? Any questions?

Hopefully, I know this is probably, this is a deep, it's a bit of a deep meeting today, but I just want that to really sit with you guys. I want you to really think about the difference between just making claims that we hope are believed versus making claims that we make believable. Because that might seem like a nuance, but it's not. Because it requires you to do the digging to uncover the resources, the assets that we're going to use to make what it is that we're saying believable, to make the idea believable. That's why I've always looked at, it's kind of funny.

I've always looked at some of the, you know, the home run campaigns to come out of the world of the Agora companies. And some of them, you know, I've just been, I've been fascinated by over the years, because they were able to take a seemingly monster, hard to believe at first glance promise or claim. And they were able to provide enough evidence, enough reasoning to lead you to say, wow, this, this actually could happen. This, this is hard to argue with, right? And that's, that's the beauty of starting out with things that you can prove or that you believe you have a plausible, you have enough stuff to present a plausible argument.

And that's all we're looking for. And so any questions? No, man, I think that was great. The thing I think that would be actually valuable and a super good idea. And I think we have this somewhere.

I believe it's in, I don't know if it's in the workshop or if it's in the coaching program, but like the, like the hierarchy of beliefs, hierarchy of proof, right? Like, like what is, what's the most compelling proof and then working your way down to just the reason why. Yeah. I, you know, it's an interesting, it's a great, great thing. And I probably do have that somewhere or something.

Yeah. I like that a lot. That's a great, that's a great idea. You know, I would say, of course, like, look, you know, there, there are, you know, like, look, there are, you know, of course, there are levels of to, there are levels to proof in terms of, in terms of, can somebody reasonably argue against this? Right.

So if we made a claim, for example, that, that more people use, more people access the internet with their mobile device than do on a tablet or laptop, let's just say. Right. Well, we can offer a proof point or a number of proof points that become, uh, almost impossible to argue with from a reasonable individual. Right. So, because there are, you know, black and white objective analytics and studies and right.

Like where you just can't argue with that. It's, it's almost, it's, it's a fact you're presenting a fact, not an argument. And so I would say that, um, that certainly anytime we can do that, right. Like that's the strongest type of proof point, because what you're really stating, you're almost not stating an argument. You're stating a fact.

And then you're demonstrating right with a proof point that you really can't argue against, right. Something objective, right. Um, to support it then at the bottom, you know, or towards the bottom, as you go away from that right now, you're not talking. You're talking about presenting, you know, fact, like you saying, let's say that the, um, crypto will be, is the future of finance, right? That's you're not presenting a fact.

That's not a fact, right? Like you, it can't be a fact because it's future based. And so in order to make that believable or, or more believable, we need to present an argument and an argument, right. Is where it's, you, you, you just want to think about like an argument is where you are presenting reasons so that the, the average individual can see it as reasonably plausible. Like, right.

That is the most plausible, um, outcome, right. That meaning that the likelihood of this happening is significant. So it's different, right. It's different than presenting a fact. Certainly if, if we could put together something that was all fact-based, right.

Like meaning where it's, it's undeniable, then of course, that's the most rock solid thing that, um, that, uh, we can do, but that's really not the nature of marketing. Right. So the nature of marketing isn't right. The nature of marketing is that we do have to, we are going to be presenting an argument because we are going to be making claims that, um, that are not necessarily objective facts, but it's our job to bring them as close to feeling like objective facts. As we possibly can write where, like, again, where somebody says, uh, like, I, I, that's hard to argue with, man.

That sounds like, wow. Like that's hard to argue with. That's hard, hard to poke holes in. It's hard to, to see the, the fallacy in what's being said. It's hard to see where this person's logic went, went wrong.

Right. Sometimes people present arguments and there is a flaw in the logic. Like, you know what I mean? Like, uh, we won't even, you know, it's well beyond the scope of this, this meeting. Um, but the reality is, is that like our job is to make sure that we're building marketing messages off of the back of claims and ideas that we can offer a plausible explanation for why it should be accepted as true.

And so I just, again, I want to leave you guys with this. It's not about hoping something is believable. It's about making it believable. And this is why it's so important that you, you, we start with ideas and claims that we, we can prove, right? So I would never run with an idea until I took the time to unpack it enough to see, could I put together a plausible argument for this?

Like, could I, you know, could I put together an argument to support this? And so I'm not going to say, yeah, this is a great idea. And then hope that I can at some point find support for it. Right. That's not what I'm going to do.

I'm not even going to pursue an idea until I'm comfortable, uh, being able to show why this is true. And that's why, like, oftentimes, like, you know, when I, when I talk to clients, whether it's even, you know, top one folks and they present messages, I'm like, how are you going to, how are you going to prove that? And they're like, I'm not really sure. And I say, well, you need to decide that and confirm that before you move any step further. Right.

Cause if you can't prove it's true, then all you're doing is hoping that it's exciting enough for somebody to just say, yeah, I believe it. And the reality is, is that we're, we're starting as marketers, we're starting in the hole, right? Especially when stuff, when, when copy is a little bit too aggressive and, um, or it uses a common format. And so it's immediately viewed as an advertisement or a marketing message or a sales pitch. Right.

And so their radar, the prospects radar is up. Their filter is up. Their resistance is up, right? Like you, the worst thing that you can do is take the mentality that because I say it, they're going to believe it. Right.

Like that's the opposite of the mindset that you should have. The, the mindset that you should have is I need to claim it and prove it. Right. Like I need to claim it and prove it. I need to lead them to see why they should accept this as truth.

Not just hope that they do not just say it and hope. And that's really ultimately what you, what you get when you have a string of claims, when, when you have a, a message that, you know, some of these newer marketers, newer entrepreneurs, when all they do is just make one claim after another claim, after another claim, after another claim. About their product, about their product, about the benefits, about the payoff, about how easy it is, about how cool it is, about how it's cutting edge, about how everybody's going to be using it soon. Right. And they present no evidence or support or very little evidence or support.

Ultimately, they might not consciously admit this, but ultimately what they're doing is just hoping that they're believed. They're just hoping that they're believed. Right. Like, and I always say, just because you say it doesn't mean that it's going to be believed. Right.

That's the, that's the antithesis today of the way that the average prospect approaches and engages with marketing. Right. Like most people look at it as like, where's the scam, where's the scam, where's he lying, where is she stretching the truth, where, you know, like, sure, sure, sure, sure. And so that's why, you know, that's why, you know, proof, evidence, support that, you know, plausible argument, the, the reason why, that's why that stuff is so valuable. And so it's interesting that, you know, it's interesting that you said it that way, when I was talking about the hierarchy, because when I was actually like that, there's another nuance, I guess, which is, I think what I was, where my mind was going in terms of that hierarchy, which is how that proof is presented.

Right. Meaning there's a difference between, like you said, if we're proving a fact that there's a scientific study from major universities, a big sample size versus a celebrity endorsement versus a regular person testimonial. Right. Got it. Got it.

I like that. That makes sense. We can, we can look to see, I know I have that somewhere. And so I'll look to see if I can dig that up. It's a great, you know, it's a, it's a great point.

I think, you know, also this is why, and I got to give credit where credit's due. This was Mark, who's talked about in the past, the value of mixing up proof, right? Like the value of the value of using a variety of proof points. So like, if you can write, like, you know, if you, you mixing in, not just like in an ideal world, you could mix in a stat, a study, a reason why even a personal experience anecdote, or, you know, something like that. Like if you can mix, mix it up, right.

You bolster, you bolster the feeling of, of proof point, but I like that. That's a, you know, it's a great, it's a great idea, Teddy. You know, I'll leave you with one thing and I'd be remiss if I didn't, even though this whole, and I don't want to take away from this whole thing that we just went through. But of course, right. I said at the very beginning, bullet number three, that, you know, I see, you know, believability, you know, in this context as a, as a logical, as a logical thing, a logical issue.

Um, and what I, again, I want to reinforce this idea that like, look, you know, the very first thing that we need to do in a marketing campaign is hook somebody emotionally. Right. So I've always said, right. That, uh, and it's not, you know, I read it somewhere, got it from somewhere, right. That the, the head follows the heart, the head, the intellect will look for justification for what the heart wants.

Right. And so you need both, especially today in a marketing message, you need to appeal to the emotions and you need to appeal to the intellect or to the logic, you know, even, I mean, and it's funny because even, you know, years ago, um, Aristotle considered the godfather of persuasion. You know, he had his three, the three prongs, the ethos pathos, um, logos, right. This idea that every persuasive persuasive message has three things in common. It's not necessarily only three, but they all have three things in common.

One, they're being delivered by somebody that looks like an authority that looks credible. Right. So they're coming from, they're not coming from a knucklehead or a goofball. They're coming from somebody that is perceived to be an authority or credible. And then of course there is an emotional appeal.

If you will, there's an appeal to the emotions, but then there's also the appeal to logic, meaning where this makes sense. I understand why. Right. And so you've got that, you know, it's coming from a credible, you know, authority source, right. It is, it's appealing to emotion and it's appealing to logic.

What I would say is the thing that I was bringing up again, is that it's important to recognize that I'm going to come out of the gate. In the lead with that emotional bang. And so, right. I'm not going to get into the weeds on the argument in the lead. I'm going to make sure first and foremost, that I lead this person to emotionally want this, to be emotionally excited about this, to understand the payoff, the result, the impact on their life emotionally.

Right. So I'm going to get them emotionally excited, but then I'm going to give them the, the support, the logical support through the argument. That's where in the argument is where we're laying out that plausible explanation, plausible reason why, what it is that I said in the lead was true. So you could almost make the case, right. That the, the true, I don't want to say true.

The, the, the most powerful marketing appeal, right. Is in the lead. Like, right. Like, you know, like, you know, is in the lead. I I'm trying to, at the end of the lead, I'm trying to have somebody at a point where they say, this sounds amazing, but this sounds awesome.

This sounds killer. Right. Like this sounds awesome. But then they, but now prove to me that it'll work. Right.

And prove to me that it'll work for me. Like prove to me that it'll work. Give me the foundation. Give me the evidence. Give me the support.

Give me something to, to hang my brain on like that hat on. That makes me feel comfortable, logically, intellectually, that this is the, that this is the case. And that's where we then go into the biggest chunk of the, um, of the marketing portion of the campaign. And it's interesting that the biggest chunk of the marketing campaign is really, uh, is where we bring in that logical support. We're never, we're never 100% moving away from the emotional, right?

Like we're opening with almost pure emotion in the lead. It's all that emotional appeal to setting the emotional hook, getting them excited. Here's what this can do for you. Here's how your life will change. Here's what you can produce.

You don't have to worry about this, this, this, this, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then we're going into the marketing argument portion. And even though the marketing argument portion is really grounded in it's CPB chunks, what we teach, right? CP claim proof benefits. So we're still, the benefit is where we bring, we, we bring, we continually bring back the emotion.

We continually bring back. So what this means for you and what this will do for you and what this will allow you to experience, but we're, we're going through
that logical support. So we're starting off with the emotion and hooking them emotionally. And then we're going into the marketing argument and we're giving that, um, that logical intellectual support and evidence building that plausible argument, plausible reason why they should, they should believe it one step at a time and constantly trickling in the emotion again, the emotion again, the emotion again. So we're never completely moving away from emotion, but yes, in that argument portion, man,
we're given that logical support, we're given that logical support, like God, I just realized, man, today people want to know, like, why should I believe that they might not ask it in that way, but why should I believe that?

Especially when you, as you know, you're, you're people say that, right? People are thinking that and have that approach, that mentality, even when you're talking about ideas, concepts that where there's no, there's nothing being offered in the end, people have that level of resistance. When they know that it's coming from a marketer, a salesperson, a company trying to sell them something that creates an additional level of resistance that we have to overcome. And so they're ultimately saying like, why should I believe that it's easy? Give me the reason why, like, give me something to believe you.

That's not purely emotion. That's not emotion. That's logic. That's intellect. I want to, I want to be able to, I want to be able to understand why.

I want to be able to say, huh, that makes sense. I can see why it is super effective. I can understand why it produces a fast return on investment. I can understand why, like it makes sense logically why it brings a high return on ad spend compared to any other approach, right? We need to give that support.

We need to give that support. And that's why we want to start off with ideas and claims that we can present a plausible argument to be accepted as true. And so, cool? Cool. All right.

You guys are out of here. Appreciate you hanging with me. If you need anything, Slack me. If not, have an amazing day. And so take care, guys.
