---
title: "cc_2022-10-25"
date: 2022-10-25
duration: 53m
duration_seconds: 3217
vimeo_id: 763902881
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-10-25

**Date:** 2022-10-25 | **Duration:** 53m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

Okay. All right. We're good to go buddy. Hey, this is David Deutsch. I'm here with Todd Brown and we are gonna be talking about swipe files.

One of the most underutilized misunderstood potentially powerful tools at the disposal of a copywriter. And from what I understand, you know your secret weapon that that you've had over the years in terms of helping you write copy Todd. Yeah. I think I would say that um, you know, I know the other day right yesterday maybe or the other day you put out a video and you talked about what to read which I loved right? What what to read.

Oh, yeah that I copy and um, and I loved it like I was You know taking notes and seeing what I had in the library and and what I didn't have you know for me one of the the secret weapons. I really believe to call it a secret weapon. I really believe that just relentlessly reading good copy day after day a really helped me to kind of become in tune with the flow and and feel of good copy. You know, like I always say After you know it took me many years to realize there's a difference between copy and good copy. Right?

I always say I tell our clients and students that you know, good copy doesn't feel like copy. It doesn't read like copy. It doesn't sound like copy. It doesn't have that hyperbolic, you know bent to it. It's not puffy.

You don't you know you oftentimes with good copy. You don't even realize that you're being led to a destination. You almost feel like you're being informed and educated and you're discovering new things along the way and so when I started to collect an aggregate good copy and read it. You know on a regular basis, it wasn't always every day, but that's when I really feel feel like I started to. Get it started to become like one with me.

Like I was immediately after I read, you know, and I believe that this is true for for everybody and I'm talking, you know, David like passive reading so, you know, even before I was a before I understood the value of looking at like why are they saying this here? And what emotional trigger are they trying to probably are they using you know, are they trying to stimulate exclusivity here? They trying to create urgency here. They trying to you know, overcome an objection here even before I I was able to recognize any of that. And I was reading good copy when I then went back to or when I was then exposed to what today I would call subpar copy.

I was eating easily able to Spot the Difference right away just from the feel the tone the phraseology, um the flow and so yeah, it played a big you know for me. I think that reading good copy and reading good copy often is a powerful thing for even the average, you know, the average smell like me. Yeah, you know, it's it's a great point. We talk about a swipe file as if we're supposed to swipe from it and indeed there are we can talk about too that there are ways of doing that intelligently where it's not stealing but you're inspired by the underlying ideas, but even Beyond it's purpose for that just having it and reading it infuses in you, you know, what makes good copy and like you say also what makes for Not good copy. Yeah.

Yeah. I I love that. I love that a lot. You know, um, because I think it's so important that you know that for copywriters for direct response marketers that what you're exposing yourself to on a regular basis that it's it's good. It's effective.

It's it's productive because you can very easily start to even you know, unconsciously replicate what it is that you're being exposed to thinking that it's good copy that it's good, you know effective persuasion argumentation when it's really not and so it really is important that you're exposing yourself on a regular basis to to good solid call it tested and improve and copy the other thing that you said, which I love, you know, you use the word inspiration right? Like I think David, you know, tell me what you think about this that I think you know, I was almost for a In you know, I'm almost reluctant to even use the word swipe. I know that swipe file is the accepted term and so I use it because it's what everybody knows but there seems to be this there's like this negative connotation associated with swipe and I think rightly so because I think a lot of a lot of new marketers they misuse a swipe file and they they steal they take large chunks of copy and copy and paste it into their own their own campaign or funnel or sales letter or whatever and that's not what we're talking about. Right? We're talking about something that gives inspiration Insight something that exposes you to you know to the proper flow the proper, you know order, um, as well as certain certainly some phrases, um, the better ways to introduce an offer better ways to justify price better ways.

Present a guarantee, but it's meant for modeling for inspiration. It's why you know, I like to almost refer to it more as a muse file, right? It's a muse flight. It's a file to give you insight and inspiration to better, you know, improve your own copy your own campaigns. And so what do you think about that?

Well, I wanted to say a couple of things one is when you said about having good pieces of copy around you it reminded me of you know, how you're the product of the five people you hang around with you're the average of their income in a way. Your copy is the average of the copy that you kind of hang around and I'm gonna steal that I like that I'm gonna steal that I'm gonna swipe that okay, I like that a lot. That's a great way to that's a great way to to frame it, you know, and and yeah, I like that I dig that. I I think you make a really interesting distinction between you know swiping right and and that's not what we want to do. That's not even what it's productive to.

Do. You know, John Carlton gives that great example of somebody taking his one-legged golfer ad and making it add about a one-legged accountant and you know, it's like oh for God's sake did you not understand the Whole of why a one-legged golfer is so good. Right. So what you want to do? And it's a great example of how not to swipe you want to look at that and say what made that one-legged golfer.

So powerful. Well a golfer who's only got one leg obviously, how could he be good at golf? How could he balance? How could he do things? So I'm intrigued and any system that works for him.

It's gonna work for me because I've got two legs and I can balance right? Yeah and So when you're thinking about it for accountant, you know, maybe you want to think about an accountant that flunked math in high school right is able to take this course and do his own bookkeeping and save, you know thousands of dollars or something. Yeah. Yeah, no, I I think that that's so that's you're so right and and you know, that's so brilliant in in so many ways and I think that what you said the whole, you know swiping the one legged golfer. I think that we unfortunately see that often with a lot of things right like the you know, the the XYZ what they don't want you to know and like it's misapplied right in another industry or another marketplace where that makes that makes no sense like whatsoever.

It's like and so I I think you're right and I I love what you said about. You know, like look there's the value. In having good copy and reading it passively just to become like more in tune as I said with the flow and pace and and the order and whatnot. But then there's also the value of reading good copy and regularly asking yourself. Why why are they saying this here?

Right? Why are they saying this? What is it that they're ultimately trying to to do what is the purpose the aim of this chunk of of copy? What emotion are they trying to elicit what thought or belief are they trying to install and I really first learn this I got to give credit where credit is due. This way of reading with kind of a different lens on from our mutual friend Joe schriefer.

So I remember when I was in Baltimore one day at the Agora Financial, you know offices and at the time Josh reefer was the copy Chief and Agora Financial at the time was the they were on top of the Agora companies Mountain. Um, and we were talking about how they're able to train new copyrighters. So they were able to take you know, virtually I like to say people off the street and turn them into productive copyrighters fairly quickly. And when I asked Joe what was at the heart of their system their process for doing that one of the things that he said to me and then he showed me was he had them read a good piece of copy every day and he had them annotate the chunks based on what they thought. The the writer the copywriter was trying to do the objective the emotional trigger the persuasion device.

Like what was the reason why the copy existed and which which also David brings us back to The value of good copy see I believe that and you jump in and you tell me you're the you're the pro you're the a, you know, the a player on this on this in this conversation that you know, when you're reading good copy written by a great marketer a great copyrighter that there's no throw away paragraphs or sentences. Everything is said with intention. There's a reason why every bit of copy is included there's an objective there is something that that copy is there to achieve this is wildly different from average typical online marketing copy where you know, there's often just um extraneous thoughts and and you know copy that doesn't even really need to be there. It's not really serving a purpose. It's more filler than anything.

Well, so when you're reading a good piece of copy and you know that everything is there with a purpose and an objective reading it also under the microscope of what is this trying to Leave, right? What is the purpose of this? Well over time you start to see right with a good swipe file you start to see these trends of what they're achieving when they're achieving it where in the sales letter or the marketing argument they're achieving it. And so I I mean that's just enormously valuable to write to to really get that much better a copy. Don't would you agree with that?

I I think you see patterns. You know, you see okay, when this this it's a pattern, right and really it's it's a matter of reproducing those patterns not copying the words, right but copying the pattern and and there are so many but there's the micro pattern of okay. What is what's going on in the beginning? What's going on in the middle? What's going on in the end?

How does this look in a macro sense? Then there are there are more and more micro patterns, right? How does a section work? How does this sections relate to each other what happens internally in a section? What happens in a paragraph?

What happens in a sentence? How does he choose words? Right? Oh, look at that. He uses small words compared to me.

I use these great big fancy words. He uses little bitty words. I use, you know vague verbs. He uses really pinpoint specific verbs I can learn from I can learn from that. Yeah, and I think part of what people like like Joe do is what I like to call like a forensic Analysis, they're like CSI.

They come, you know, Joe comes in. He's Dustin for fingerprints. He's shining black light so he can see where's the blood stains? You know, he's tracing the history back. He's interviewing.

You know, it's it's like a a full forensic Deep dive into what he's looking at. It's not just a superficial, you know reading of it. Yeah. Yeah, I think that's so that's such a good point. That's interesting.

Richard Feynman once said something really interesting. He said about physics. He said no had to solve. All the problems in physics that have already been solved. Right and at the same thing is true with copywriting right know how to solve the problems that have already been solved, right?

You know Porter stands very and Mike Palmer solved the problem of how to talk about debt right at a time. When when it was good Economic Times They solved the problem. I've had to talk about that and make it into a powerful peace with end of America. Yeah. So figure out how they solve that problem.

How did this person solve the problem of weight loss, right? How did they solve that problem of making it in a new like South Beach Diet or you know why French women don't get fat solve the problem of people are tired of hearing about how to lose weight. They don't believe anything anymore. How do you wake them up from that super they super they solve that problem. Yeah.

And yeah, that's that's a great. That's that's also a great point, you know, and I I think you know, why? Why do you think Why do you think David that there is? there is this for whatever reason this Desire by a lot of copywriters or or direct response marketers to either Try to start from a blank page or feel the need to start from a blank page. Why do you think more don't really understand the enormous value of a swipe file?

Where do you think that comes from? Yeah, I think probably some of it is not knowing how to use it. Hmm, right? They think they either just steal from it and just take the words. They don't know how to look at it and let it trigger ideas, right, you know like we were talking about with The one they get golfer.

Yeah, they say, well, I can't use the one like a golfer. You know, what else we got, right instead of thinking. Well, what can I do? What's the essence of you know, they laughed when I sat down at the piano, but when I started to play that's not gonna work for me, but if you think about what is it with your product that People want to look good in front of others because of that. They want to get Redemption of that.

They've always been told they can't do and and you're gonna make it that they can do how can you portray that in an honest way and with integrity and you know without swiping and an honest way. And be in spite like you said be inspired by that to have that be your you know, your Muse. Yeah, kind of like what about you know, it's kind of like You can use so many things right to trigger something. Like if you think you know, if you're thinking about you, could you could think of banana? Right and you could use it to come up with a headline somehow just because of associations.

Maybe it's yellow. Maybe it's peel maybe that makes me think of appeal. This is got a certain appeal whatever it is get your you know, brains need stimulation. Yeah. And yeah, knowing how to use a swipe file is is getting the stimulation that your brain needs from from the Masters.

Yeah. Yeah so many great so many great points that you made you know, so and you know first, you know, I think to just piggy back on what you said, you know is right, you know, once you really it goes without saying that as a copywriter as a direct response marketer, you really have to begin first by really understanding your Marketplace and understanding the psychology of the people that you're talking to understanding what it is, you know, their wants their desires or emotions their feelings their beliefs, right? Like you have to really understand who you're talking to what makes them tick what they want what they don't want what how they view their problem how they view the ideal solution what their current state is what the ideal outcome is, obviously, right? I believe that every marketer, you know school and serious During copywriter really recognizes that well once you know that right and you you have that as the foundation, I think the new can start to get more clarity on what are the emotional triggers that are most appropriate for that market, you know, the idea of let's say exclusivity or the idea of let's say really stimulating, you know fear maybe those aren't always appropriate in every market for every promotion, right? It all depends on the audience, right everything that we we talk about but once you're clear on who the audience is, you can begin to get clarity on what are the emotional triggers and and appeals that are going to be appropriate for them.

That's where the value of a swipe file could come in because then you can see how others have used the the underlying appeal of the one-legged golfer. The idea that if he can do it with a deficit then you can do it without a deficit. Well, how else has that kind of appeal been applied by other smart marketers with great copy if it's exclusivity, right? There's more than one way, of course to leverage exclusivity. There's more than one way to stimulate the feeling of urgency.

There's more than one way to demonstrate scarcity. There's more than one way to to stimulate the feeling of belonging. There's more than one way to trigger the the positioning of authority credibility all those things. And so I think that once you've got the understanding of your Marketplace, you've got some clarity on what are the the emotions that are going to drive this person most based on what they care about then you can use a good swipe file to get ideas for different ways that you can go about that. You can go about doing that and the other thing go ahead.

I'm sorry. I'm just gonna say and that enables you to use Swipe Not even in your Market. Yeah, because you can see how someone in a totally different Market used exclusivity which is what you want to use and you could you could learn from that and I just wanted to interject really quickly. That what you said about understanding your Market is great and they should definitely do that. And I think a great way to do that is with a swipe file because if I look at what Dan Kennedy has written to doctors.

Yeah about enhanced practice management. I understand all I need to know about doctors and practice management. I don't have to study a damn thing. Other than what Dan Kennedy is written because it's all not only is it reflected from Dan Kennedy's incredible brain that understands what people want and has had years of talking to doctors. It's the result of years of Dan Kennedy testing what works to doctors and what hot buttons and what they apply to so if Dan Kennedy is hitting them on exclusivity.

I know I better include exclusivity then Kennedy's hitting them on on looking good in front of other people. I better hit them on looking good in front of other people. That's so good. That's such a great piece of advice. I don't think I've ever heard David anybody articulate it that way.

That's your your that's such a great piece of advice. I've never even thought about that myself the value of really of really being able to learn about your Market based on what other smart marketers are, you know have already done and are continuing to do over and over again as they Market more and more to that Marketplace. That's so yeah. That's so you know, that's so smart. I think also I love what you said.

I love the idea of you know, I think that New new marketers new copywriters, they often don't realize that you you can and should swipe from marketing materials that are outside of your your Marketplace because it's not about you know, like look, we're not just looking at the actual words and phrases right? We're looking at the underlying triggers the hot buttons being pushed and the ways that those hot buttons are being pushed. You might go into a totally different marketplace right knowing that your Market responds to exclusivity and you may be able to see from a variety of other markets how they're introducing and leveraging exclusivity in their copy giving you more thought or giving you more ideas to better use exclusivity in your own in your own copy. And the other thing that you said, which you know, I just think is so Valuable for folks to realize is like look, I I think and I believe it was Dan Kennedy who set it at one point that you know, it doesn't take a genius to look at something and figure out all the reasons why you can't use it, right? Like why it's not appropriate for you.

He said the Real Genius is in figuring out how this can be applied to your business. And I think that's a big difference between, you know, average copyrighters and a listers. Is that an A List or like yourself obviously can look at any piece of copy and glean value from it, you know, glean some insight on how to improve your own copy. And so I I dig that You know and that's a great way. Not only is that something that you should do when you're writing copy when you're when you're doing that but that's a great way to train yourself and how to write copy right is to constantly be taking something and go.

Okay. Let me you know, like in music You transphones music to a different key. How can I transpose this to a different key and make it appropriate to how I work? Yeah publish it or not. Right don't even you know, not even for something to publish but just to train yourself right to be able to base your copy on on a different idea on another idea.

Yeah, and I I think that that yeah, that's that's so smart. And you know, I think too, you know the when when looking at good swipes, you know, you know proven tested, um stuff within your marketplace right from great marketers within your Marketplace, you can also see like like you had already mentioned you can see Teams that are used over and over like when you said well if Dan Kennedy uses exclusivity and I see that he uses it all the time maybe in varying ways but he uses it all the time for XYZ Market. Well, if I'm gonna go to that market then I should be using you know in leveraging exclusivity. And I think that that also is is just wildly valuable when you you start to realize well, there are some chunks that are missing from my copy or some emotional triggers that I'm not leveraging that others are like, you know, I was having a conversation earlier with Rick Shepherd about swipes and he was telling the story about many years ago about a piece of copy that somebody brought to him that was kind of it was well written it felt like it was you know, it felt well written but it wasn't performing and some folks need to realize that you can have a well written piece of Copy but if it's missing certain core emotional triggers that it may not perform nearly as well as it could right and so at the at the end of the day remember that you know chunks of copy pieces of copy all all copy is there to serve a purpose an outcome, right? And that outcome is ultimately based on what we understand about the marketplace what moves the marketplace what they care about right the emotions that that move the marketplace and so we may be missing even from a well-written piece of copy some core emotional drivers.

And therefore we you know, we we suffer for and so having a good swipe file can also expose you to what are the chunks that smart marketers are using and smart copyrighters are using over and over that I'm missing from mine. yeah, I felt that when I looked through, you know the volumes I of swipe one of the things that I that I felt was, you know the stuff that I don't do right? Like I saw Dan Kennedy's stuff. And there's such so much of it is like tacky right? It's Dan Kennedy dressed in a cowboy out for it's Dan Kennedy.

They had one where it was like Vanity Fair. Yeah to promote their seminar and Dan Kennedy was on like a woman's sexy body and Bill glaze. It was on a woman sexy body and I would never Let someone do that to me and I and I and I realized you know that there's something I could learn from that is to be a not I'm still not going to have someone do that. But to be a little Freer because people like fun, right they they I'm sure you've seen that and promoting your own seminars and events and people just that they they want it to be enjoyable and entertaining as well. As you know, you use the word well written which you know just sounds sort of dull and boring in a certain way and you can't no matter how well written something is you can't be be dull and boring and yeah, when you when you look at a swipe file and you see what other people have done in the ways, they are not dull and boring it it inspired.

Like you said Muse, right? It inspires you to maybe add a little bit of that spice, you know into your dish. Yeah. No, well well said, I mean I, you know, I couldn't agree with you more that you know, it's it's so interesting. Get all of those Dan Kennedy pieces over the years and to see these common trends of you know, when it comes to the when it came to the live conferences the themes that were used from the Vanity Fair to the circus to you know, Houdini to superhero and kiss and all these things into to realize that you know, like to it almost forces at least it used to force me to kind of ask myself my resisting something out of my own personal preference, even though it's being done for a reason right?

I know that if it's if it's you know, if these things are being used over and over and over and over by super smart marketers, then there's a reason why and so maybe I have to take a look at you know, my own reasoning the other thing, you know David that I think you know is that it really does in line with what it is that you just said, it really does help us to identify blind spots, right? And so sometimes the longer You've been writing copy especially for the same Marketplace, you know, it becomes very easy to kind of go back into the same standard the same thing that I've done in the same kind of chunks in the same triggers and we start to you know think that that's the way that it should be done. Even when we're getting good results like the like the saying of you know good is the enemy of great sometimes right? We it's it's good like we think it's good, but it right there's something missing that we don't even realize that we don't see until we go outside of ourselves that could turn it from good to to great and so I'm just such a huge fan really, you know, I'm such a huge fan. Of of using swipes.

I know that you know, I remember it was Gene Schwartz who talked about with ideas and themes and hooks for campaigns and he talked about like it doesn't come from inside. You you don't you don't sit down the pad in a pen and and all of a sudden, you know, you're coming up with these big Ideas it comes from you know, first of all, you need, you know, a lot of ideas you need a lot of input and often it comes from outside of you. It comes from exposure to other things and then like you talked about earlier with the banana. It's really just pulling things together and seeing connections being able to look at a good marketers campaign, even for another Marketplace and pulling things out seeing connections that you can use with your own Marketplace. And so I think that it's so important to use a to have a swipe a good Supply file and use a good Supply file to kind of keep your thinking fresh to make sure that you don't fall into these.

Bots and miss out on other pieces and and yeah, I think that it's just so important. And you over the past 10 13 years. You've actually collected quite a bit of swipe. And you're you're just releasing it. Are you making like 250 copies of an actual printed version of all the swipe that you've collected over the years available?

Yeah, you tell us more about that that's like that then there it is. Yeah. So this is gonna sound this is gonna make me sound crazy. But so I would say that it's probably been about 13 years 13 years ago or so. I I realized you know, I I realize the value of a swipe file of a good swipe file.

I knew that I wanted if I was gonna model and and study and learn from anything. I wanted to make sure that I was learning from the best marketers and the best of their campaigns and copy and so what I did was I got on as many lists as I possibly could of the top marketers Top direct response companies some you know often I had to buy products. I wanted, you know, I wanted to see what they were sending to customers. I wanted to see what they were sending to prospects and so over the last 13 years. I collected everything mailed out by the absolute best marketers on the planet from Dan Kennedy Frank Kern of the Agora companies Newsmax Russell Brunson that I say Jay Abraham Neil Patel calebodowed Motley Fool.

You name it? I was collecting. I collected everything from them and I collected their direct mail. You know, I believe that unlike online where let me let me actually take a step back for one second. And so you know, number one.

I think it's important for everybody to realize that I believe that a swipe file is not merely a collection of marketing pages and ads That are nice looking and that you like a legitimate swipe file is a collection of proven and tested copy and advertising ideas proven and tested being the the key. I knew that you know that and and this is even more true today that the majority of online campaigns that we see no matter how nice they may be and well laid out and no matter how they they may look the majority of campaigns online aren't winners. Right the majority are not are not winners and I really relatively have very little way to confirm or prove the performance of those campaigns. I knew and no today still that it costs big money to use direct mail to send out a campaign in the in the postal mail. And so what that means is that the copy is typically dialed the ideas are typically dialed when you're talking about from the best marketers, right you're talking dialed promotions dialed copy.

And so I began to collect it. What do you mean when you say dialed you mean tested? Um, sorry, I dialed in like they've had opportunity to really dial it in I would say a little bit of both. So sometimes right oftentimes, you know oftentimes especially today, you know, often times before something gets dropped in the mail. It's been tested in some other way, right?

And so they might have you know, they may use something and then then once it proves to be the winner, then they'll drop it in the mail right pre-internet. They were testing in the mail. Now a lot of folks are testing Line and then the best of the best makes its way to direct mail as well as even when they're not necessarily tested in direct mail. They are typically Going the Distance with the copy the offers the campaigns indirect mail, right it you know, you could put up a campaign and in an hour and a half online today and you know, like whip it together and throw it up and with very little cost especially if it's just being exposed to your house file and I was doing that and now right, you know, no one's doing that in the mail because it cost big money to do that. And so I saved everything and you know when I say that this collection so number one it is every possible Direct Mail format that you can imagine.

So there are sales letters in here. There are postcards in here. There are lift letters in here. There are magalogs in here. There are catalogs in here like you name it and there are offers for everything that you can imagine certainly low ticket mid-tier High ticket.

There are And offers there are back-end offers in here and there are offers for things webinars physical products Live Events conferences five-day challenges lead magnets you you name it? And so I really began to study it and then David where things began to really compound for me and this is what makes this thing. So so special right you're talking over, you know, this is this is 22 pounds 22.4 pounds over four thousand pages of what I call marketing gold one of the big value aspects to this bad boy is that I got to see Trends in the the most expensive campaigns from the best marketers meaning I got to see how often Dan Kennedy for example is using exclusivity. How often is Dan Kennedy using fear? How often is Dan Kennedy using urgency?

How often is Dan Kennedy using testimonials or in contextually or like I got to see the things that were used over and over so I got to see what things were used one time and then never again telling me that maybe it wasn't valuable for the promotion and what things are used over and over and over. So again taking a step back. I'm looking at the best marketers. They're most expensive campaigns that are almost always, you know dialed right like out the Wazoo and I'm getting to see the things that they're using over and over and over and over. It doesn't get much better than that.

The other thing that that why I also really Relied on Direct Mail besides the fact that it costs big money. It's dialed right from the best marketers is that I also know that there's a huge amount of Copy in here that most competitors will never see the competitors that are only swiping from and modeling the online stuff. They're not seeing let's say the back end promotions that are only being sent out via Direct Mail. They're not seeing the sequences that are only being used offline. And so for folks that have access to this kind of swipe file, you have a tremendous competitive Advantage because you're modeling from and swiping and and studying copy.

That isn't gonna get knocked off the same way. The online stuff is the fact that the matter is that online stuff goes from new and Innovative to old and dated in sometimes in a matter of weeks when the marketplace just bounces on it. Well, you don't have that same result when you're looking at the offline stuff because the Party of competitors will never see it and so it gives an advantage in that I'm seeing copy and I'm seeing copy chunks and I'm seeing emotional triggers and I'm seeing Trends and I'm seeing Hooks and angles that they're not seeing which gives me an advantage in way of being able to come up with unique angles. You need hooks unique offers and and that sort of thing. And so yeah, this is really, you know, become my most prized marketing possession now, I'll give you real real quick.

So I originally obviously this collection was for for me when I moved I moved into a new house a little bit over a year ago. I said to myself I don't want to bring all these bins because I had a tremendous amount of bins. I don't want to bring all these bins. My wife is gonna kill me. Um, and so I said, let me, you know, let me have this thing organized and and put into A physical thing like we also talked about offline.

I love physical. I'm a physical guy. I'm an analog guy. I like to have it in my hands. I like to be able to highlight stuff and annotate stuff and and just flip to it and flip back and forth between things.

Mm-hmm. And so I ended up having a team member dedicated full-time team member it took her six weeks about a hundred and twenty hours to take the the bins. I mailed with the bins. I had to take a hand truck to the UPS place to ship this thing to her and end up taking her. Like I said a month and a half 120 hours to turn this into these, um these binders and I realized then that I've got to share this with my highest clients my top one Mastermind members and so we had a bunch of copies made.

Um, and in order to get this discount like at the higher level, we ended up with 31 extra copies of this of this thing. And so I decided I was gonna go back to a certain segment of my Justin and give 31 people the opportunity to get this. Well, I could not believe how fast those 31 copies sold how the value that people saw on this and then we had a whole bunch of people afterwards that said, how do I get this life file? And now I'm like, we don't we don't have anymore and so I convinced my team a few weeks ago to spend an arm and a leg to have 250 additional sets of the what I call the decade plus um slight files five manuals like this or each about 800 pages. 4,000 total Pages, we had 250 copies.

Um 256 made I don't have any plans on offering it again after this. It's been quite the adventure spending all this time and energy having these bad boys created and so today at noon we gave folks the opportunity to grab one of the 250, um sets. This is one of a kind there is nothing like this on the planet. I don't believe that there will be again anytime in the future anything like this and right now as a chance for people to get one of the 250 copies this thing is You could literally David you could literally look at a new page of copy every day for the next 10 years and see something brand new every day. Literally, that's how many days a day you're right page a day and there's so much on a page, you know, we think of a promotion as being one idea, but even a 12-page 18 page magalog is packed with ideas of how did they do this?

How did they do this? How did they portray this? How did they you know, how did they sell this herb? How did they get this investment across? Yeah.

Yeah, and also, you know for what it's worth I love you know, I I, you know over the years. I've you know, I really fallen in love with the the copy approach that like and a Gore uses that that you you use which is is often wildly different from the typical approach that most people Are taught to to use in that, you know best copy. It feels valuable. I remember going through some Financial letters where I was like, this is so informative. I want to save this like it's so good.

It's so informative. It's so well, you know call it research right? It's there's proof there's evidence. It's a rock solid airtight emotional and logical argument. It's proving a point like it's so valuable that I want to hold on to this and so like the beauty of some of these pieces like the you know, the magalogs is it really shows you the Art and Science of being able to deliver not only effective marketing but marketing that feels valuable.

That doesn't feel like a pure pitch doesn't feel like you're hammering somebody, you know by by and so it's to me it's a beautiful way of doing marketing where you can you can Market over and over to your tribe to your house. To your email list when you use that approach because you are giving value as you are making an offer and so you're not leaving somebody feeling like you just tried to pound them into buying. Um, and so I I love it. And so there's just so much value to be extracted from from something like this. I really believe without you know, and I and I told you I'm you know, I hate selling.

I'm not a good salesman. I don't like to sell it's not my thing fortunately. I'm decent at marketing. Um, but for the serious student of direct response of copy, this is really should really be a no-brainer because the quality of the copy the promotions the hooks the leads the arguments the offers in here are second to none. And so I mean if you were willing to go through even a fraction of this decade plus swipe file the Improvement to your Copy skills to your persuasive skills to your art, you know your argumentation your offer construction your attention getting your differentiation will be light years ahead of where it's at right now and I believe before I forget I just want to do this.

I believe that. Uh that for folks that are your fans and that are interested in this they can go to Todd Brown dot me forward slash David and so go to Todd Brown dot me forward slash David that's gonna certainly let me know that you're part of David's tribe so that we can roll out the red carpet for you. And of course give David credit you'll be able to go and grab one of these if you're interested, I recommend that you do it fairly quickly. If not now or when we're done when you're done listening to David and I because there are only 250 sets that's it on the page that you'll go to you can see I show a copy of the invoice that's not some made up false fake scarcity thing. That's legit 250 copies and once they're gone.

That's all she wrote for this bad boy. Yeah aren't there all so I I don't want you to forget that they're a bonuses as well. There's you had me and Chef friend and a whole bunch of people like So to really break down what we do. Yes these things which is great. I think yeah, so I'm going to so let me see if I could do this.

I wasn't planning on doing this but let me see if I can do this real quick. I'm going to bring let me see I'm gonna share my screen and show you something. So there is I wanted to do something super cool and so we'll do this and then I'm gonna share my screen in a second. Um, so I wanted to do something super cool and something that I've never seen done before and so I went to eight top marketers copywriters folks like yourself David and I ask for them to do a special Unique Kind of in-depth dissection of their of a peace of their copy a high Roi, you know, productive piece of copy. And so what we've put together is this gigantic bundle.

This is Additional swipe video walkthroughs from some of the sharpest marketers and copy writers out there. So the first one is from a mutual buddy about I believe that these are all mutual friends of ours, um is the structure the secret structure behind upsells that sell with a 40 plus percent conversion rate from Justin goth who is arguably the king the recognized Authority when it comes to increasing your average order value. I don't believe there. Is anybody better than Justin when it comes to moving the needle making you more money on every sale and his go-to strategy is the structure that he teaches and breaks down in this video for the upsell producing at a 40 plus percent conversion rate. Then there is from our friend John Benson, who is the inventor of the video sales letter.

That's no joke. That's not not, you know exaggeration. He is the creator of the video sales letter John shares the stealth words and phrases that turn average vsls into seven figure megahertz John has a John's methodology has produced more winning vsls than anybody else on the planet and he's got a unique approach to certain words and phrases that he uses at certain points in his vsl. He breaks that down for you. The this one right the hidden chunks that can give any marketing message or media credibility.

This is a walk through David your walk through of a killer magalog one of my favorites. Um, one of my favorite formats to study and learn from there is from another long time to rec response marketer and a great copywriter in his own right Doberman Dan gallopou, the unconventional copy structure proven outperform any other approach when selling subscriptions from Rob Marsh and Kira hug the simple email copy patterns that always work have readers see you with with celebrity Charisma from our good Be over at copy Chief the founder of the largest community or certainly one of the largest communities of copyrighters. He's got the U game email sequence that brings in sales for any new product without needing proof or testimonials. There's matte basac arguably one of the most successful email copywriters on the planet. This dude has been around I believe longer than I have in the online marketing world and it's produced tens of millions of dollars.

If not more from Pure email only campaigns. He is also a testing fanatic. So his subject lines are tested out the Wazoo. He gives a full breakdown of his tested and verified email subject lines getting the highest open rates right now. If you do any kind of email copy email marketing this alone can be worth its weight in gold for you.

And then from my dear friend Rich Chef friend the guru to the gurus the guy who was trained more top online marketers. Response marketers then possibly anybody else in the game today. He shares the secret webinar structure and timeline which continues to pull in seven figures in sales whenever it's modeled. This is an unbelievable breakdown of a of a webinar using riches unique structure and he breaks it down in terms of Chunk. What comes first second third how he's doing it why he's doing it.

Um, and so this entire free this entire bonus bundle is free for all 250 folks who grabbed the the decade plus swipe file. And so there you go kind of cool. And so like I said, you guys can go to if you if you want if you want to grab one of these or you want to get more details on this go to Todd Brown dot me forward slash David, you'll love all the information you need. You'll be able to see everything that you get a full breakdown of the of the bonus bundle that I just shared with you and you'll be able to grab one of these bad boys before All gone, I don't know how fast these are gonna these are gonna sell out. It could be today.

It could be tomorrow. It could be the next day. It could be in an hour. I have no idea. And so if you think you want one, I highly encourage you to go and at least get the details you can go to Todd Brown dot me forward slash David.

Yeah, thank you Todd. It's you know, I as you know, I love swipe files. I love having a hard copy of something. I feel like that's so different from having it on it. I've got so much stuff on a computer like buried right samples of things, you know buried and file somewhere, but when I've got it, you know when I've got it right by my side where I can pull it out and just flip through it be inspired by it.

Um, or just look for something specific in it it really it makes such a difference. Yeah. I I love it. I love seeing it by your desk. And it's it's a total honor man for me to to know that you've got that by your desk.

Like I love it and I love knowing that it's just gonna benefit, you know, so many other people like because like I said, this thing is really just become my prize possession. I know what this is done for me. I know how it's changed my perspective on copy and marketing my ability. To come up with ideas and promotions and arguments my ability to to write better copy. I'll I'll end with this.

I really believe you know, even with everything that we've talked about today. But today David I really believe that if folks do nothing else other than passively read through this swipe file that that alone can radically improve your copy chops your ability to craft persuasive copy your ability to trigger emotions your ability to ultimately Drive the sale without coming off salesy in your face just from passively reading this and so if nothing else, this is some of the best copy education that you will ever get anywhere and I mean that Yeah, I I totally agree and I would add you'll get a lot of benefit if you read through it and look through it. But if you really study it if you use it, if you see how these you know how these amazing, you know pieces are done. You'll it'll just have such an influence. Yeah.

Yeah on your on your writing on your marketing on on every aspect of it. Yeah, well said well said well, I I so I don't want to take up any more of your time. I so appreciate you chatting with me as always. I love to spend time with you. I love learning from you.

I love studying what it is that you do and say and how you do it and how you say it. And so like I said total honor for you to for me to have you spend some time with me total honor for me to see the the decade plus swipe file by your desk and and an honor, of course to have you share this with your people. And so thank you so much man. Well, thank you. I've learned from this as well.

And I always enjoy talking with you Todd. All right. Thank you, David.
