---
title: "cc_2022-10-04"
date: 2022-10-04
duration: 22m
duration_seconds: 1372
vimeo_id: 756876968
folder: "2022 Team Marketing Calls"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2022-10-04

**Date:** 2022-10-04 | **Duration:** 22m | **Folder:** 2022 Team Marketing Calls

---

All right gang so this week obviously, I'm going solo we are getting ready for top one. And so I wanted to pre-record this week's training for you. This will be very simple what I'm going to talk about or what I'm going to show you is I'm going to show you three simple examples of how Nuance in copy matters. So really what I'm gonna I'm gonna share with you some, you know, three little kind of tweaks changes that you can make to Copy to just make it flow better. Now.

Nothing that I'm going to share with you here is decisive in terms of taking a campaign that doesn't produce and making it a home run. So nothing that I'm going to show you here is going to take a losing campaign and turn it into a a home run winner but these little nuances matter because they impact flow they impact readability. They impact impact on the on the prospect, you know today before I dive in and I show you this little slide deck and I go through I've got three copy nuances for you and and there's a lot that we we certainly can cover because there are a lot of nuances in copy, but I want to cover three for you today three simple ones to kind of keep on the Forefront of your mind to use in our copy you'll see when I make edits you'll see these nuances kind of come into play. And so I want to say this that today more so than ever before I believe that what is essential with our copy with copy in general is believability. You guys have heard me talk about this before on prior trainings.

You've heard me talk about this with ironically our top one members giving presentations on this idea of believability at the root at the foundation of all effective copy has to be believability believability obviously on the part of the prospect prospects have to believe what it is that we are saying if we're ultimately going to drive them to respond. I share that in this context just as a big kind of high level statement and high level perspective in that I I want you to understand that we're constantly fighting against doing saying showing demonstrating anything in a way that could potentially cause the prospect to doubt or Question what it is that we are saying. So ultimately right we have to continue to be extremely sensitive extremely sensitive with our copy when we're editing the copy when we're cleaning the copy up. For anything that could come across as hyperbolic as hype as exaggeration or as just unsubstantiated meaning claims that we're making that have no support no proof no evidence. And so we've got to remain really call it Vigilant intentional about weeding out any of the copy that can even remotely feel exaggerated hyperbolic.

Um, just kind of puffed up puffery. We've got a weed all that out. The reality is is that is that too often new marketers new copyrighters, they completely confuse effective copy with hyperbolic copy. They ultimately think that the word choice that they use like the the the kind of the the big bold adjectives the big bold adverbs that those things are ultimately what power good Copy good marketing and you know, you've heard me say this dozens of times at this point that that's absolutely not the case that it's really the antithesis that it's not about using these big bold audacious adjectives and adverbs. It's about putting forth a believable and compelling argument that proves the thesis that proves the thing that we want prospects or that we need prospects to believe in order to buy and it's doing it.

In terms of the language that we use the phrases that we use it's doing it with the most basic language that we possibly can you don't at all want to come across as you're trying to sell as you're trying to manipulate as you're trying to persuade. You don't want to come across like that at all you want again the antithesis we want to come across we want our copy to come across as if we're presenting information and ultimately we really want to we want to come across as if we're presenting it in an unbiased manner meaning right? Like we're just presenting the facts we're showing the evidence, right? I'm not saying that all we include in marketing are facts and not emotions. Not right.

We're not trying to you know, get the prospect all emotionally charged. Of course we are but we're getting them emotionally charged when we present something that is believable. That doesn't smell or look or feel manipulative or that we are are trying hard to persuade them. It is it becomes emotionally charged when we present this Rock Solid airtight easy to understand argument and then we demonstrate the benefits of what they can experience when they accept that argument as true and believable. And so I know that this is a huge topic and I could I mean my gosh we can spend, you know, literally literally days talking about this and all of the nuances at play.

I just want you guys to really remember that we need to avoid coming across at all as if we're being hyperbolic, you know exaggerated that we're using puffery none of that. In some cases there are there's Nuance to copy and how do you take something that sounds hyperbolic and how do you make it sound not hyperbolic and then there are other nuances and copy that just make things flow better, you know one of the things and that's I'm gonna show you three of them today and that's one of the things that you guys have heard me talk about before there's this principle that I want you to kind of keep in the back of your mind as we dive into this slide deck and I promise it's coming. That right that copy is copy that is easy to understand number one gets consumed more right we've talked about that before that really comes from the you know, Agora and awai and Mark 4 the whole idea of the flash Kinkade. Um score the lower the score the more readable something is the more readable. Something is the more people engage with it.

The more of it. They consume right? We want to make things easy for people to read. This is why we want short sentences why you don't want these long run-on sentences. You don't want long run on paragraphs or these, you know, these big chunks of of copy you want things to be pithy tight short to make it easy to read.

It's more inviting. It's easier to consume it gets consumed more but there's also this principle at play. That is the easier the copy is to read people tend to associate The ease of the solution and so in other words the more complex and explanation is about a solution the more complex people feel the solution is the easier something is the easier and explanation is to understand the simpler. The explanation is the simpler people tend to view the solution. So there's this additional kind of carry over impact when we allow our copy to get complex when the copy is complex when it uses big words when it's a lot of words when it's a lot of sentences when it's a lot of paragraphs and I don't mean the length of the copy.

I mean the length of sentences the the complexity of sentences how many syllables the you know, how many multi-syllable words you have in there that there's a carry over. Impact to the way that people view the the solution and so simple we want things simple. We want things to flow and we want to avoid the smell of of hyperbole of puffery of all that and so with that being said, let me share my screen and let me go through these three copy nuances that I've prepared for you guys today. And so the first one let's look at this. So the first one you're gonna see these are all super simple.

These are kind of I refer to these as nuances because these are kind of slight little elements that can have a an impact that do have an impact. So the first of the three copy nuances is the idea of negative framing versus positive framing now. Look let me say this that these three nuances that I'm gonna share with you. They don't apply in every single situation, right and so like they're you know copy is dynamic. You know, they're you know, it's it's just like, you know, we've talked before about active voice first passive voice.

There are times when you want to use passive voice. So this doesn't apply in every single situation. This isn't a hard and fast rule that applies all the time but more often than not this applies. And so you want to look for negative framing. What do I mean by negative framing in this context?

I mean stating things in the negative now, you've already heard me talk about the guarantee risk reversal language, right? And I've said before that that the mistake that a lot of people make with their risk reversal language is they go negative. They they'll say something like if you're unhappy for any reason or if this doesn't perform if this doesn't produce XYZ send one email and you'll you'll get your money back. Well that is actually an example of negative Framing and you've heard me say that with risk reversal. We want to avoid negative framing.

Want to use positive framing so instead of saying if you're unhappy right you we would use positive Framing and we would say you're either thrilled. You're either Blown Away. You're either Head Over Heels, you know enamored by the results that you're getting from this or you get back your your money, right? And so that's positive framing verse negative negative framing is saying if if you're unhappy for any reason positive framing is saying you're either thrilled or you get your money back and so there are many examples of negative framing that leak over into even body copy in the campaign argument. For example, here are three.

It's not hard. It doesn't collapse under pressure. It won't get your account flagged by Facebook. Right? These are all negative frames right negative frames.

And so ultimately what we want to do is we want to look for negative frames and we want to see if we can replace those negative frames with with positive framing right and it's really just the reverse instead of it's not hard. It's easy instead of it doesn't collapse under pressure it thrives Under Pressure instead of it won't get your account Flag by Facebook. It keeps your account compliant with Facebook. And so this is the difference between negative Framing and positive framing. There are times when you may want to apply negative framing in your copy, for example, when you're talking about when you're talking about let's say a different solution.

Let's say you have a campaign or we have a campaign that is positioning a particular method or mechanism or solution against the common approach. Well when we're talking about the common approach Can use the negative negative framing when we're talking about hours. We want to use positive Framing and so right like that can get your account, you know that could put your account at risk of getting flagged right versus um, this keeps your account compliant with Facebook. What we wouldn't what we wouldn't want to do is say that would get your account flagged by Facebook. And this won't get your account flagged by Facebook, right?

Because we're again we're carrying over that negative Framing and so you just want to be aware of the difference between negative Framing and positive framing between stating something in the negative versus stating something in the affirmative. Certainly when we're talking about our solution our mechanisms. What what our solution will do for somebody we want to kind of make sure that we are focusing on positive Framing and so that's the first Nuance very simple very straightforward very easy to keep an eye out for and um and tweak The next one is going to seem strange, um because of one of the most popular openings in all of in all of you know copy, right and that is it was really kind of popularized by Gary Halbert the if then opening right if you are XYZ, you know, if you are struggling to lose weight and this is going to be one of the most valuable letters that you ever read. What this doesn't apply to those type of if then openers but this does apply what I'm about to show you. When we are talking about the prospects experience when we're in the body copy and we're talking about the prospects experience and this is a slight little tweak.

A one-word tweak literally and so look for if statements like for example, if you're not consistently getting new buyers, it's brutally difficult to grow a business. Okay. So this is there's the like the structurally there's absolutely nothing wrong with this statement. In fact, you know, when I look at our copy, we've used this statement before if you're not consistently getting new buyers. It's brutally difficult to grow a business.

Now before I show you the solution to this or The Tweak to this the Nuance to this, I want you to understand an important point that this statement in this particular example, right? If you're not consistently getting new buyers, it's brutally difficult to grow a business. This is a statement that we're making to somebody who we know and believe is not consistently getting new buyers, right? So we're talking to people that are that we believe are not consistently getting new buyers. And so rather than saying if you're not consistently getting new buyers, it's brutally difficult to grow a business.

We want to replace the if statement with a Wednesday statement and it's just literally replacing the word if with the word then when you're not consistently getting new buyers, it's brutally difficult to grow a business. That's it. Right. So like if you're not if you're struggling to remain disciplined, right, you're gonna continue to struggle to lose weight. It's when you're you struggle to remain discipline when you're struggling to remain discipline, right?

You're gonna have a brutal time losing weight. What? Doing is we're ultimately we're talking about their situation not a hypothetical and so the if you're not is a hypothetical when you are not when you don't get XYZ, you will not Elemental P not if you don't get XYZ, so we're looking for if statements and we're replacing them with from if to when very simple Nuance very very slight tweak one word. It matters matters. Let's go to the the third one.

The third one is more about sentence structure than the previous two that I just showed you. And so this is and you've heard me talk about this before. This is the order of words matter. Right, the order of words matter there is a principle of oh, I forgot what it's called. It really is.

Oh, I'm just drawn a blank on the top of my I'm John A blank on what it is. It's this principle that says that and I've talked about this on prior calls and so I can't believe I'm drawing a blank right now. Um, it is it's about that. We remember the first and the last and so if there's a string of numbers if somebody gives you a string of numbers, you're gonna remember you're gonna remember the first two to three numbers and you're gonna remember likely the last two or three numbers. It's the numbers in the middle that um that that we tend to struggle to remember and so the order of things matters the first what we hear first right impacts us and what we hear Last impacts us what we bury in the middle often gets lost.

This is why as a side note and I've said this on prior trainings, this is why I order bullets, I'll take the strongest bullet in a list and I'll make it first and then I'll take the second strongest bullet and I'll make it second and then I'll take the third strongest bullet and I'll make it last and so what I do is I try to load the front of the bullets the top section of the bullets with the strongest bullets and then I'll bring the the next strongest bullets down to the bottom and the ones that are So so I put in the middle. Right, we know that again. It's impactful the beginning and the end and um as well people tend to read the beginning and read the end. Sometimes people will read the first sentence in a paragraph and then read the last sentence in a paragraph and Skip stuff in the in the middle. We certainly know with long-form sales letters thanks to things like hot jar and lucky orange or lucky orange.

I think it is, um that how people skim, um sales letters and so well the same thing applies to sentences you can have an impactful word at the beginning you can have an impactful word at the end. In other words. If there is a power word a power verb a result an outcome or the just of the statement, right? You don't want to bury it in the middle. You don't want to have a whole bunch of words at the beginning and then a whole bunch of words at the end with that power kind of that that the most important word or phrase in the middle.

You want to have the most important phrase either at the beginning or at the end and so what this Nuances about is the ending. You don't want to end with a week or inconsequential word. You don't want to have your your statements your sentences your claims just Trail off at the end in terms of their power, right you want to end with a bang so to speak so here's an example of ending with a week or inconsequential word. These might be a little bit ridiculous examples, um, but nevertheless this will drive home the point for you guys. What time are you getting there?

Right. What time are you getting there? What are you waiting for? Where did you leave at? Uh, where did you leave at?

Where did you leave at? Um and with a bang when are you arriving? So what time are you getting there? When are you arriving? Right so you're ending with a bang not what time are you getting there versus right?

When are you arriving? You're ending with that arriving and I know that that might seem again like Nuance. I know that that might seem insignificant but it matters especially right over time in a sales letter in a vsl. Right it gives you in a vsl. Right when we're speaking it it gives us the ability to emphasize right a certain word.

You've heard that when it comes to vsls right the audio, you've heard me say it before right that the audio is one of the most important elements and when it comes to the audio, we're not just talking about the quality, but we're talking about the delivery of the script. We're talking about voice inflection tone pace and emphasis, right? What gets emphasized right? Like it gives us the ability to emphasize the right words. What are you waiting for?

Right? Why are you waiting? Right. What are you waiting for? Why are you waiting?

Right. And so you see how in those two just the first two examples how we're ending with the jit like we're ending with the thing like ultimately when you arriving, right? What do you why are you waiting? Where did you live? That was?

Where did you it's supposed to be? Where did you live at? Where did you live at? Like, where did you where did you live at? Where did you live?

Right, like where did you live? Even if we were to say, where did you live before right, where did you live that is ultimately right we're ending on the gist we're ending on the thing the focus of these three at the bottom is we want to know when they are arriving. We want to know right what why they're waiting and we want to know where they lived right like live arriving waiting live. And so I know that this might seem tiny insignificant. It's not right.

Look out of taken out of context if we were talking about just one sentence, right? Like maybe it doesn't have so much of a of an impact. But when you're talking about a complete marketing message, these things have a cumulative effect accumulative impact right again, we need to make sure that the copy flows that it's powerful that it's enjoyable to read and that it emphasizes what we want to emphasize. And so there you go. Those are three copy nuances for you to consider when you're you're going through the editing phase of of copy.

Just remember that we want to keep things. We want to keep the copy tight. We want to keep it simple. We want to keep it easy to understand knowing that right that simple easy to understand explanations make prospects feel like the solution. Simple and easy to use versus complex lengthy explanations make prospects feel like the solution might be complex to um to use and we want to avoid trying to persuade and convince with hyperbolic exaggerated language.

We don't want to try to convince based on a great adjective or a great group of adjectives or great group of adverbs. We want to convince based on the argument that we're presenting. We want to show them again, as always that we've got something new and different and that new and different thing for them is superior to every other thing and here is why and we want to use the simplest easiest language possible to communicate that and we want the argument to do the heavy lifting not the individual words that we use at the same time. We want to keep it simple tight and we want it to flow and that's why Nuance in copy matters. And so with that that's all she wrote for this week next week.

I will Be back with you guys and so have an amazing day and I will talk to you guys soon. And so take care everybody.
