# Transcript

---


**Speaker 0:**

You wanna hold it for 3 seconds. One.

And you're gonna see the monitoring light on the right side turn. So So when you first come to set this the device, you gotta press and hold this link button right here.

And then that blue light is gonna start blinking, and that's when you get whatever device, your mobile device, you're looking to pair it up with. Alright. Once it starts to blink, you wanna grab your iPhone and that Bluetooth, and you should see it come up.

Just like that. We connected, baby, and And just like that, you can connect your dgi two. I just got this dgi mic two, and this is a absolute game changer. No extra connections, and all you have to do, but turn your mic on, you wanna flip it over. Oh, you got it turned on, and then on the left side where you see the record button right here, you gotta hit that. You wanna hold it for 3 seconds. One, two, 3.

And you're gonna see Yeah. The monitoring light on the right side turn blue. So when you first come to set this, figure device, you've gotta press and hold this link button right here, and then that blue light is gonna start blinking, and that's when you get whatever device, your mobile device, you're looking to pair it up with. Alright. Once it starts to blink, you wanna grab your iPhone and that Bluetooth, and you should see it come up.

Just like that. We connect the baby, and just like that, you can connect your DGI two. I just got this DGI mic two, and this is a absolute game changer. No extra connections, and all you have to do, but turn your mic on. You wanna flip it over. You got it turned on, and then on the left side where you see the record button right here, you gotta hit that. You wanna hold it for 3 seconds. One, two, 3.

And you're gonna see the monitoring light on the right side. So when you first come to set this, the device, you a and then that boot light.

Once it's supposed to blink, you know, with the iPhone, Bluetooth, and you should see it. Come on. Just like that. So we connect the baby, and just like that, you can connect your gear, CGI, to my iPhone.

And this is the absolute game team extra connections.

Dgi two I just got this DGI Mi two, and this is an absolute game changer. No extra connection. And.

