# Transcript

---


**Speaker 0:**

Hello? Hello?

I can't hear you. I don't know if you can hear me.

Hello? Hello? We're close. Hello? Hello? No. We're close. I'm gonna call you. Hey, James. How are you? Dang. Dang Zoom. I I can hear you on my phone, but I can't I can't hear you through here. I don't know. It it looked like it was trying to connect to audio, but it it never did. I don't know if you can see you see that little arrow by the audio button in the corner of the screen there? It kinda gives you, like, a toggle.

Yeah. You could do, like, it'll say select a speaker, so it'll give you a couple different options, and you could select, like, probably your phone. You should probably say, like, you know, iPhone speaker.

I can hear you on here, but I can't hear you through, well, let's do this maybe.

Yeah. That's what I mean. It's it's coming through the cell phone, but they, we just like to send these videos to the coaching staff if if it's a good fit. So I just wanna make sure they can hear, you know, parts of our conversation to look through. Let's see what we can do.

Yeah. I can see you. Can you see me? Yeah. Yeah. I gotcha. I just wanna try and well, let's maybe try and do this. Let's do, why don't I take this out? It might give you you might get too much of a reverb.

Can you hear me?

Hello? Hello? Can you hear me, James?

Yeah. Can you hear me okay? Yeah. I can now. Okay. Well, let's just do this. I can hear you. Yeah. Yeah. Let's just do this. If you don't mind, we can keep your phone on. We can just do it through we'll just combine the technology. So we'll keep the video up here, and we'll do it through the phone. We're, we're doing rocket science here now, but my name is Trig. Nice to meet you. I appreciate you, staying patient as we figure out this this tech.

Jim, very nice to meet you. I got you, so I got you here out of, are you living in Redcliffe, Kentucky? Is that correct?

Okay. Beautiful. Beautiful. Wonderful. So, yeah, these calls are super straightforward. Really, what we wanna do is is I wanna get the best understanding of your game, where you're at, and then I can make the best recommendation, you know, of a coach. I know you you have been following Martin Chuck, and you've been familiar with with his coaching. But but we work with 14 of the top 50 golf instructors in in America. So I wanna make the best recommendation. They're all great, but some might be be a bit better fit, you know, based on based on what you're looking to get out out of your game, and then once we do that, then I just wanna give you a breakdown of what the school looks like, walk through what our philosophy is, our plan, and then if we're 10 out of 10 and you feel really good about this gym, we'd look at, locking down a spot and and getting you out to to one, of our one of our, one of our schools. Does that sound alright?

Alright. Well, happy birthday. Wow. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

Okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

Okay.

Okay.

Yep.

Okay.

Okay.

Okay. So more directional?

Okay. Okay.

Okay. It's distance to draw. Okay.

Right. Right. Right. Okay. K. So with the so with the irons so with the irons, so we're hitting the big ball first, it sounds like, than the little ball. Right? We're hitting the big ball is in the earth versus the little ball. But, okay, and then I guess, like, because I always like to ask this question. Right? Like, if you were gonna spend two days, you know, with a Martin Chuck or with an Andrew Rice or with a Mark Rick Smith, right, like, a high level coach, you know, or Virgil, Virgil Lidders, Would the irons be the number one, thing you'd wanna put the focus on, and then number two be in the short game inside a one, if we had to rank them and and kinda have those be, you know, two of the main focus points? Obviously, we're gonna look at your whole game, but would you say that's kind of your best room for improvement in terms of score?

Right. Right. Right.

Okay. Yeah.

Yeah. Because I think we're the just to give you some clarity, like, we are 100 percent yeah. Can you hear me? Can you hear me? Sorry. I don't know what happened there. Yeah. I I that I think that's one of the best ways because we are 100 percent results driven. Like, our goal is to get you to your goal. Right? I think that's the best thing about these schools is that, you know, they're fun. They're a great experience. You're working with the top one, top 20 coach in the world. Right? But you're also there to get better. Right, and so, you know, we've we've really, you know, worked on this to pace it out to to really get to kinda what that biggest and maybe most core issue is that's maybe holding us back and causing that inconsistency with the irons.

Right? Like, we really wanna get you comfortable and consistent with that center face contact. Right? So with those 8 irons and those 9 irons and really getting that repeatability of of being confident again. Right? Like you said, like, flip one, the coin. We're either short or long. Right? Like, it's it's hard to score when we're we're that way, and I see here in the notes, you know, our goal is to get bound out to low eighties, high seventies, and and even chunk down further to mid seventies. Right?

Yeah. So we gotta chunk it down, though. Right? We gotta have more greens in reg, more fairways in reg, and and and let you do your work with the flat stick.

Yep.

Yep, and and that's listen. We would we're gonna look at everything. Like, we're gonna do breakout sessions, so it's not like we're not gonna look at putting at all. We're we're gonna look at everything, and I'll go through the school specifically, but. I guess, you know, what I always try and check off here is is, like, there's 3 boxes because these are low density. Right? You know, there's 6 to 9 other golfers. You know, and and there's always a few things I wanna check off. One, you're you're you're, you know, you're not a jerk. Right? There's small density. We don't wanna send people that are gonna ruin it for the others. I don't have to worry about that.

Two is room for improvement. Right? You know, the fact that that you've been there recently, that you've been, you know, a lower handicap before you that you have the ability to play, you know, one or two times a week at least, to me says, a 100 percent we can we can shave some strokes off. Right? The last one, though, the last one, this one's always kinda hard to put a finger on, and it changes person to person. But, like, what really is kind of, you know, the motivation for you to look at something like this that is, you know, immersive, that is a two day experience and and and working with a high level coach. Right? You know, versus just trying to keep figuring it out yourself.

Okay.

Right. Okay.

Okay. Yeah. Yeah. No, and I'm I'm with you there. So I don't know how familiar like, are you familiar with performance golf, or or did you see an ad, or have you like, how did you find out about us?

Okay. Okay. Because oh, sorry. Go ahead.

Okay.

Yeah. So I think could oh, we're breaking up a little bit. I don't know. Can you hear me okay? Okay. No. I was just curious because, obviously, like, to give you some insight, right, like, we started off providing those, like, instructional videos that were kind of more generic, more more, you know, zoom out. Right, and then as we started to work with more golfers, we realized that some people were starting to make that plateau, and the feedback we were getting was that a lot of our our members didn't wanna have this prolonged improvement. Right? They didn't wanna have to spend another couple years either doing a random lesson with a club pro or or trying to fix it themselves and just kinda be in that same rut, right, that same groove, and so what we found is, like, when we can work with you specifically, when we can build you a custom plan based on your swing, right, that's where we see that that drastic improvement in terms of time where we can shave two years of improvement, right, and and really kinda condense that.

So we're not cutting corners, but everyone that I speak to wants to get better and get better quicker. Right, and we wanna be enjoying the game. We're not trying to get you guys on tour. I mean, we can if you want, but our goal is to have you having that consistency and and and and enjoying the heck out every time you go out and play.

Right? Yeah. So with this, right, there's there's. I guess, in in the notes here, I have you know, you're maybe looking at at doing something like this in June, you know, verse or sorry. Where is it here? I lost you. Where did this go? Oh, yeah. Yeah. April, May, June, around that area. Maybe Tennessee. Nashville is not how how close is Nashville for you? Okay. Are you opening to travel longer, or would you try and wanna stay relatively, you know, relatively close, like, in that kind of a range?

Well, I mean, we run schools all over the place. Right? So, like, the reason I'm asking is Martin Chuck runs a school in Lake Geneva, just just down probably an hour south of, Milwaukee. So if you were you're really liking Chuck, I could maybe we could look at some of those dates, but I got some some great instructors in Nashville.

That I think that you would, you would get a lot from malt Matt Walters and and Virgil Herring. They're the Indian Hills course golf course in Nashville. But, yeah, that that that would be probably my I mean, those those two are excellent, if we're looking at at, you know, their schools specifically.

Like, you know, Virgil, that coach there is is was Tennessee's PGA Tour, PGA, coach of the year, and and actually, Matt Walter was ranked by by Golf Digest, in in the top 10 in in Tennessee as well. So you're in great hands with those two. But I don't know. Like, what what is your preference? Are you open to me making a recommendation on a coach, or or would you maybe be open to traveling a bit farther to to go see Martin who you've kind of watched some more from?

Okay.

Oh, maybe yeah. Exactly. I mean, we're splitting hairs. We're splitting hairs, but sometimes people have a preference. Right? That would probably be my my recommendation. I think, you know, I've I've actually had a lot of members, you know, in that area. I've had a lot of members in, you know, anywhere from 78 to to 85 that that I've sent to to them, and they've they've enjoyed it. I think the reason I'm mentioning that is just, like, this is not a sprint. We're not gonna get you to hit a 1,000 balls in the first two hours and and and and knock the wheels off you. But we wanna, you know, we wanna make sure that we're we're using our time as efficiently as possible.

Right? You know, you hit 5 shots, and we go back. We look at it. So I think those would those two would be great, and that's at, that's at Indian Hills Golf Course. So that would be April 1st and April 2nd. I don't know if those dates work for you.

Okay. Okay. Well, let's earmark that one. I think that would be a a great great one because it's it's relatively close, and it's two, you know, grade a instructors. So what I wanna do is make sure, Jim, that yeah. Go ahead.

Yeah. So we would provide, a breakdown of, like, where you would wanna stay. You would you would have the chance to choose from, the Embassy Suites, which is right close. We provide, like, a couple different options that you can, like, book through their website.

Well yeah. So it's in yeah. Murfreesboro is where the course is. So all the whole the all the hotels would be would be right in Murfreesboro.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Everything's gonna be right close by there, but that's where the that's where the the the course is. So, you know, you probably might wanna come in the day before, but I wanna make sure that that, you know, that the plan and the school and our philosophy is 10 out of 10, and then we can kinda talk logistics again, but I wanna make sure you're you're you're really confident in the process and and in the system. Cool?

So when we get you to the school, right, you're obviously gonna meet Matt. You're gonna meet Virgil. But the first thing we're gonna do after we have a little meet and greet is we're gonna go out on the range, and we're gonna get you hitting from you know, hook you up to some technology, some Trackman to get some some data points, some some 3 d swing analysis, some video. Ultimately, what we're doing is we're trying to get the best picture and the best diagnosis and analysis of your game specifically. Right, and so the what's what's best is that who's watching you make those swings. Right? So Matt and Virgil are gonna be watching you hit those shots, and what and what they're gonna be looking for is they're gonna be looking for what your swing flaws are.

Right, and so, typically, most golfers, right, most amateur golfers, I've got 4 to 5 swing flaws. Sure. You've got 4 to 5 swing flaws. Right? They're gonna be different to you. They're gonna be unique to to you. Right? What we found, though, is where where us amateurs go wrong and the reason why our progression and our improvement starts to slow down or even halt is because we work on those swing flaws in the wrong order. So for us, maybe we're working on the ones that are most pronounced to us, the ones that we can see the easiest to see for us as amateurs, right, or that our friends can see. Maybe it's coming over the top or maybe it's hitting a bit thin or maybe it's our grip or in our alignment.

Right? Where what we're gonna do and where we're gonna make the most impact is we're gonna get those swing falls down on paper, but we're gonna rank them one through 5. So we're really gonna look at, and this is why any of the instructors we work with, and this is why you can't go wrong, is because they've been hand selected because they are the best at what we call the root flaw analysis, and so what that is is it's really figuring out what the biggest, most critical issue is and the most critical flaw is in your swing and what's typically causing a couple of those other swing flaws. Right, and so when we can address your most critical swing flaw, typically, two to 3 of those other flaws that are kinda holding us up, that are giving us that inconsistency dissolve naturally.

Right? But but it's no different than, like, any problem in life. Right? Health, the relationship, or work. There's typically a root cause to that problem. Right? If we get that root cause, that problem dissolves. Right? So it's no different than the golf swing, and the reason we have such breakthroughs in terms of the amount of time we save for improvement is because, you know, like I said, like, sometime maybe it's your takeaway. Right, or maybe it's the grip position, But you could think it's coming over the top. Right? But, really, we're only coming over the top or we're only doing one of those things because there's something else that's putting us in that bad position first. Right?

It's like that negative domino effect. Does it but does that resonate? Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. So it's super crucial. Right? Like and I'm I'm passionate about it because I wasted a lot of time before I went and did this myself, and it was like that that click, that eureka moment. Right? It because you can feel it. You know you know how it feels when we really compress a ball and we see that nice little ball flight, right, which is the natural ball flight. It just feels good. Right, and that's what we wanna kinda get back to, so we have to you know, once we get that plan to to remove your biggest issue, then we just wanna start doing some small drills to get that muscle memory and get that repeatability, get you confident in the consistency, right, that center face contact, and by lunchtime, you've got that plan in your hands, right, and you're feeling really good about about the swing and and kind of going from there. So any feedback, though, on on that on that, you know, analysis aspect and then you know, the the the time we spend on that in the morning?

Yeah. It is. Exactly. Right? Because all of our coaches, they're they're it's it's a it's a mechanics and feel. Right? Like, we gotta be in the right position. We gotta get the club in the right launch angle. Right? Because, like, what you were talking about is is maybe the fact that we're leaving it short or hitting it long. Right? Maybe it's maybe it's due to to a certain positioning or maybe it's, like, where the club face is at when we're hitting it, and there's maybe some variance. Right? So, you know, maybe we're compressing the ball more because we're doing something on the one, and then we're having it more open so that we're getting more loft on it and we're falling short.

Right? Like, that's kind of the detail they'd look at and really be able to tell you what you're doing. Right, and so then over the two days, right, we kinda rinse and repeat that. We're gonna do breakout sessions. Right? We're gonna we're gonna look at the, you know, the your short game. We're gonna look at, you know, your, you know, x, y, and z. Right, and and ultimately, look at the putting. Right? Look at your wedge game. Do pre shot routine. Right? Like, things that are super important to have in the consistency and and really build on that, and and and that's kind of the whole plan in terms of two days. Any questions specifically with that? Like like, how does that how does that sound? Like, what would you add? What's missing? What do you like? What do you not like?

Yeah. Definitely. Yeah. When we're working on anything short game, we're doing in the bunker as well. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah, and so yeah, and so it's super, super important. Right? That analysis that happens, and sometimes depending on on how Matt, you know, and and Virgil wanna do it, sometimes they'll do that analysis. Right? They'll get that information by having you hit balls on the range. Sometimes they like seeing seeing you on the course too. Right? So there's that on course aspect. So so they could very well have you do it on the course first to try and get, like, a real game, in game feel. Right, and then as soon as we come off, have a little lunch, then we're then we're really focusing and saying, hey. This is, you know, based on what we've seen there from all those swings, like, this is really that flaw, right, ranking them in order.

This is what we gotta work on to get you that consistency, get you that contact, and we kind of rinse and repeat that over the two days, right? There's the sessions breakthrough. Like, we're gonna do short game. We're gonna do other bunkers, you know, green reading. Right? Putting mechanics. But I think for you, if if if if we can really get you more consistent with your irons, you're gonna be in better scoring positions. Right, and we won't have to scramble as much. We can we can be focusing on making those birdie butts and and getting our score down. Yeah. So that's the in person. Right? Go ahead.

Trig. Trig. So so it sounds like trigger, but it's trig. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. No problem. So that's what the first part looks like. What's important for us is to make sure that you keep making those improvements, though. Right? So that's the in person. That's the two days. We wanna make sure that you're set up to to reach your goals. Right? Like I mentioned, like, my goal is is to get you to your goal and and to to do that in the the best way possible, and so I guess I'm not sure if you ever thought about it, but if you were to make a plan, right, or if you were to have us support you in any way, what would what would that look like to give you the most confidence to continue to execute the plan once you're back home in Kentucky? Like, how could we support you to make sure you keep making those improvements after the school so that we, you know, we don't just have it be one, in one year out the other?

Yeah. Totally. Sorry. Go ahead. You.

Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. I agree. It's the recipe for success. Yeah. No. It's the same thing. So so this is what again, like, we're we're invested in your results. Right? We want you to get to that goal of of of breaking breaking 80 consistently and keep working our way down. Right? So we need to have a process. I can't send Matt and Virgil with you home. I don't know if you got spare bedrooms. I can't send them with you. But to have them be over your shoulder watching you hit those shots, providing that feedback, and maybe those, hey. This is right. This is right. But here, Jim, this is where we're we're getting back to our old habits.

That's what would be the most impactful. Right? So I can't I can't do that, but what I can do is I can give you the next best way, and this is an extremely easy way. I think do you have an iPhone, or what kind of phone do you have? Yeah. So we give you a super easy way to film your swing or get a friend of yours or get someone you're playing with or anybody on the range to film your swing from a couple angles while you're you're taking those shots, and you can send it directly to the coaching staff, and so it's super easy because then they would send you two videos back. One, is kinda drawing on yours and saying, hey.

This angle looks good. This angle looks good. Right? But here, this is what I wanna focus on, and then they'd send you another video, which would be them, you know, standing on the range or whatever. It'd be saying, okay. You know, I want you to you know, you're kinda doing this with it here. Let's focus on on that, and let's, you know, bring that club head through and work on whatever it is we're working on. Right? They give you two drills to work on. Right? So how impactful would that be, you know, in terms of your confidence of continuing to see improvement if you did kinda have that access to them, like, right in your in your in your pocket.

Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's it's it's no different than you said. Right? Like, you know, I always well, a colleague of mine, I'm stealing this from him, but he always talks about how, like, the two days in person are like the surgery. Right? We're getting to that core issue. We're extracting it. We're getting you in that. We're we're fixing you up, but then we need the physical therapy on the backend. Right, and that reinforcement coaching is that physical therapy and and and ingraining that. No different than you said in terms of really applying applying the skills that we've just learned, right, and applying the new the new the new swing thought, right, and that new field to get the muscle memory, and and that's why we see results. That's why everybody we send to these schools is coming 6 months after the school is shooting anywhere from 7 to 10 shots better than what they were prior to, right, and having a drastic impact.

Yeah, and so as we get lower, right, as we get lower handicaps, those those strokes get harder and harder to come by. We know that. Right? But that's why that's why we really wanna kinda put that emphasis on it. So, yeah, I mean, I guess, just in terms of that process, right, like, what do we like? What do we not like about it? Like, I guess, do you think there's any way that we wouldn't be shaving, you know, at least 5 strokes off your game by doing two days in person and then having that follow up coaching?

Yeah. You'd probably be you would have hung up on me, but now you say it's enough of my day. Moving on.

Yeah. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah. So that's that's really yeah. Go ahead.

Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. I agree, and that's the nice thing. Like, you get to build you get to build a bit of a relationship with with them, right, with the coaches. Right? You're spending two days. You're having lunch together. You know? You're you're getting to build a relationship and and really kinda go, and then and then you get that reinforcement after. So, yeah, that's really what the process looks like. You know, next would just be kinda really making sure that that those dates would work for you. I guess looking at April 1st 2nd.

So I don't think we have anything sooner, but but April would be fine, you think? No no big trips planned? No big parties planned around beginning of April? That's.

That's a Tuesday, Wednesday.

Okay.

Okay, and we feel good about the whole process, like, scale of one to 10, one being so so and one, being, like, yeah. Love the plan. Definitely think this will get like, where are we kinda at on on a scale of one to 10? Just on the plan and the process.

Okay. What would what would yeah. Yeah. What would get you to, like, a 9 or a 10? Like, what do you feel like is kinda missing from the 9 or a 10?

Okay. Yep. That's fair. Yeah. I think that's the flip side of the coin. Right? Like, you know, as long as I'll say this. I've sent, like, 450 golfers to to the these camps, right, of all ranges, of all capabilities, of all health too. Right? Like, I've sent a lot of individuals who had recently had knee replacements or hip replacements. Right? The one thing I will say that is consistent is if you can at least apply yourself or be open to learning and open to taking that that coaching at the school and opening to send even a video a month, right, after. You know, you can send as many as you want. You have access, and I I think I've I've missed this.

I missed telling this. Do you have access to that reinforcement coaching for 12 months after the school? K? So it's not like it's just one month after, two months after. You got 12 months. So as long as you're open to to send in a video, you know, once or twice a month, you know, whenever you're out, maybe you get a friend to take it and you get some of those those those those feedback, you know, I got I got all the confidence in the world that you'll be able to see that improvement, but but it is. That's the only thing is we won't know until we get you there. Right? That's the only thing that that is that is that.

But luckily, I have I have the the law of probability based on on the amount of individuals I've sent on my side. So anything else kinda holding us back from pulling the trigger on this today? I mean, we feel good about the dates. Feel good about the plan. Obviously, we'll go over the the the investment and the breakdown next, but anything else that would that would kinda hold us back from reserving a spot?

Oh, great. Congratulations.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah. Ready to make it the year and get back down to those seventies. Yeah. No. I I totally get it. So really straightforward. Right? To lock in those dates, there is there is two spots left at that school, in in Nashville. So to to make sure we lock you in. In terms of an investment, right, typically, for these guys, for the school, for the two days in person, right, and then the follow up, retail retail for that is is typically 65100. US. K? We're able to do quite a substantial discount on the call, and we're able to bring that down to 5 k.

And so what we go ahead.

Yeah. So I'm open to working with you in whatever in whatever way works best. I'd say some people pay that in full right now. Some people, we set up a plan. It's whatever would work best for you. We would just need that. If we're gonna set up a payment plan, we would need at least 50 percent down today and to lock the spot up. Right, and then we'd need at least 50 percent down, before before 35 35 days before the school. So just over a month before the school, and then we're and then we're laughing.

But it's totally up to your preference. Some people wanna take care of the whole payment right now and just get it out of their mind. Some people wanna break it up. I'm not sure. Are you a are you a PG member with us? Like, would you have a card on file with us, or is there a card that, maybe what what gets you the most points?

I don't know. Some credit card companies have, like, points when you when you buy through them, like. Amex or Okay.

Yeah. Yeah. Let's let's do that then So what because, typically, what we do is we take, typically, credit card just because it's the safest for everybody. Right? Do you have a credit card that that you'd like to to put that first 25100 down on?

Yeah. Sure.

Great question. Great question. Glad you asked that. So that is just for the two days at with that's for the 16 hours, right, with Matt and Virgil, and that's for the entire follow up coaching plan after. That doesn't include travel or that doesn't include accommodations, so you'd have to cover that. Lunch is provided both days, so you do get lunch. Right? You don't have to worry about lunch while you're at the course.

And that's at the clubhouse. Right? It's not like a it's not like a rinky dink, you know, lunch pail lunch. It's a it's a nice lunch at the clubhouse there. But, yeah, the, like, the accommodation and and getting there would would be on you.

Yeah. No worries. Yep. No worries. No worries. I can I can hold tight?

That part of it and then what and then I you and I have to have a post school follow up, so I just wanna put a date on the calendar for us to meet again because I'm gonna wanna hear what you worked on. I wanna hear how well it was, and then I wanna make sure you're set up for that 12 months. As soon as we put that 25100 through, our concierge team is gonna reach out to you by email, and they're gonna send you the itinerary. They're gonna send you the packet. Any questions, we actually have a few preferred hotels that are right by the course, so they'll be able to provide you that information, and you can choose which one you want based on on kinda what you wanna spend. They give you, like, a, b, and see, you know, options. But, yeah, other than that, we'd be getting you locked in and and making this the year. Okay. Yeah. No worries. Yeah. I'll hold tight.

Lovely. So the email I have for you here, is this a good one for the credit card as well? But the this this the cybackpackerparker@bb tel.com. Is that a good one, or is there another email that might work better for that?

Yeah, or k y. Yeah. Yeah. Kentucky. Kentucky.

Okay. Perfect.

Okay. Yeah. Awesome. What's, is it a Visa? What kind of card we're working with here?

Yep. Yep.

K. K.

Okay. Awesome, and then just the expiry date.

Right, and then the CVV.

K. Lovely, and then what's, what's the best address to use there? Drive. Waterfall. Perfect. I'll send this over to our team. You you probably you might get a notification from Visa just saying, hey. Was this you? But other than that, as soon as that's through, what we'll do is, again, like I said, we'll send you that information, and then really, we just have to figure out, you and I, when when you and I would would meet next.

Yeah. Yeah. On Zoom. Yeah. Just like after the school. Like, I'm gonna I just wanna, you know, wanna hear how it went, wanna hear your feedback, everything like that, wanna hear what you worked on, and then the biggest thing is I just I wanna make sure you're set up with that reinforcement coaching, right, after the school, and then you and I kinda stay in place. So it's, like, typically 15 minutes. It's nothing crazy. But, like, I don't know. Do you wanna do the the week following if we're looking at, like I don't know. What what does work look like for you? We could do we could do the Friday, 4th, or we could do the following Monday.

Well, we can do it, like, a couple weeks after, but, yeah, preferably because I wanna hear how it goes. I wanna make sure you've you're set up with the coaching. Right?

Or whenever whenever you want. You can you can we can do it whenever you want.

Okay. Yeah. Let's do that.

Yeah. Okay, and so that'll be April 1st 2nd. Lovely, and then yeah, any other questions you have, you can shoot them off. I'm gonna shoot you my my name and number right now just so you have my phone number. You'll also have our concierge team reaching out. So if you have any questions whatsoever.

Yep.

That's alright. I'll I'll send you I'll send it to you right now.

No. I'm just gonna shoot you a text message.

K. Perfect. Oh, pardon me.

No. So the the coaching staff will probably reach out beforehand. I'm gonna pass over all the notes. So maybe if you and I wanna chat, if we wanna be and this is actually a good idea. I'm glad you brought it up. So maybe what I'll do is I'll maybe shoot you a text, a message in in March, like an email or a text message, and just say, hey. How's the game been? Are we seeing anything different? Is there anything specifically you wanna work on? Right? Otherwise, I'm passing over all the notes that we went over today. I'm passing those over to the team. So that would probably be the only thing. You know, if you text me and you say, Trig, I don't know where this is coming from, but I've got a mad slice.

Right, then I can pass that over to the to the team. But, but, yeah, otherwise, just making sure you mark that on your calendar, making sure that, you get sorted with a place to stay, and then yeah, the the the team is gonna reach out as soon as this goes through, and they're gonna they're gonna be there for any other any other questions you need. But then you'll also be here as well. So, you're stuck with me.

Sounds great.

Yeah. If you're inviting me, I'm I'm coming down. Yeah. No. I'm just kidding. No. That's fine. I can shoot you a message. I can shoot you a message at at the end of the month. It's, it's whatever. If you're on vacation, don't worry about it. But, if you wanna even you know, if you see something or if it's pretty much the same, then you know, then we're all good, but that would be the only thing is just making sure we're on the same page, and and then we're making this the year. We're getting you back into the seventies.

Okay. Right on. Well, I've appreciated appreciated your time. The team hasn't put it through yet, so, Ty, go ahead.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just just regular regular stuff. Yeah. I don't there's no, there's no, like, yeah, formal casual or anything in the clubhouse or anything like that. Just, yeah, your your standard golf clothing.

And, Yeah. The sleeveless, I'm definitely I'm heavily against the sleeveless. I like wearing the golf shirt, so I don't see what what what that is. The sleeveless, unless unless it's got a collar on it and and you're, you know, you're a lady, I think that's fine. But the sleeveless for for guys rocking the muscle shirts, it's not the place for it. But, but, yeah, I don't mind the shorts. I like the shorts. I I but I like I like seeing the p I don't like seeing the live tour guys in shorts. I like seeing the the pros wearing the slacks and sweating it out on a hot day wherever they are. But but yeah. But it was.

Oh.

Sorry. They just messaged me there.

But, but, yeah, I feel like it's changing, though. I don't know. Do you watch, well, you know, Jason Day, he's been he's been wearing some some funkier outfits on on tour. He was wearing that one, that he had to take off at the Masters.

But yeah. But that's the best part of my job because I get to I mean, I don't think there's anything more comfortable than a nice golf shirt.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah.

I love it. Okay. Well, it was great meeting you, and we'll we'll talk soon, Jim. If I have any other questions for you if you have any questions for me, don't don't hesitate to to shoot me a message or give me a phone call, and yeah, I can't wait to chat to you to you after the school. Okay. Have a great Christmas.

Yeah. Most likely. Unless you wanted to hop on and tell me about your game beforehand, we could do that, but, yeah, it would be most likely after. But, yeah, have a have a wonderful Christmas. Have a happy New Year, and this is a pretty good Christmas gift. Oh, it says it's, wait. Hold on. It said it got declined. You might just have to approve it on your side.

Okay. Just there's one second, Jim. It said it it declined. They're just gonna try a couple. I don't know if you got a notification from Visa. You might have got a notification from Visa trying to put through oh, sorry. I think I screwed up. We might have to re.

I think we just might have to.

It did, but I think that's on me. I think I gave her the wrong number.

Just give me a second. I think she's just gonna try it again.

Yeah. She's writing me back right here.

Okay. Yeah. That's the other thing. So before that April and so the second half of that payment, are we are you are you okay. If we put that through on, like, March 15th or something like that, 45 days 45 days before the school, or or what day would work best to put the remaining 25100 through?

Yeah. Because we're splitting it in two. Right? Yeah? Okay.

Yep. No. I I she's gonna try again here. So if we need another card, I can I can get back to you? I might just have to hold tight.

Okay. I mean, I think that one let's just give her a second because she's in the middle of doing it right now. So I'll just give her I'll just give her a couple a couple minutes.

So you guys you guys probably don't have you guys what what's what does your season look like for the golf course?

Okay.

Yeah.

Right. Right.

Yeah. What's what's your course again what's the course called again?

Okay.

Alright. This looks like the course that I learned to play golf on.

Yeah.

That's great. Yeah. She just got back to me. So it was yeah. So if you have another card there, we could try. It said it got declined again, so I'm not sure. Yeah. I'm ready.

K.

Okay. Copy. 900 and 61.

And that's the same address?

Broadway. Would the would the other car be James P. Hendrick as well, or is it just James Hendrick?

That might that might that might have been the issue because I just had James James Hendrick. So if they were if they were inputting it, that might have been the issue. But.

Yep. Okay. Perfect. Yeah. No worries.

That's great, and how long have you been at Lincoln then You mentioned you've been there for a while. Like, doesn't sound like you're slowing down anytime soon either, but how long have you been there? My, one of my so one of my the course that it looks like the the course that I grew up playing, our family friends owned it, and so now the son, who's my one of my best friends, and his cousin have just taken it over from from their parents. So now they're they're running the course for the first time, and it's, yeah. They're learning a lot as they go. They still have they still have their their parents to or their respective parents because it was, a brother and sister that owned it before the aunt and uncle.

But, yeah. It looks like a lot like some of those holes there, and that's where I grew up playing. So that's why I was is, is it good? Are you guys you guys are public, I'm assuming, or are you guys a private course? Right. You mentioned we're charging a fee now.

The initiation fee.

Yeah.

Yeah. It's, yeah, it's not just, yeah, it's not just to hit them up straight down and not have to worry about any break. It she just come back. She did say that one was declined too. Not sure. I'm not sure if you've gotten any notification on your end to to notify you.

No. It didn't. No. It's it's still declined.

So I'm gonna ask her because I'm not sure if she she might have not she might have kept the name the same and changed the card, so I'm just asking her if she added the the the p, the James p Hendrick. Because because if she didn't add that, that would explain why both of them didn't go through. Because I didn't put that on the first one, so that was on me.

If that doesn't work, what we could do is I could get I could just get her to send, like, a form that you can fill out. Right? I think it, like, charges 500 dollars or something, and then that would just have us have the card on file. But I don't I don't think that would be the issue because it's not the numbers.

It's no. I know. No. I'm not I'm not questioning I'm not questioning that. I think it's I think it's an input error.

Okay.

No. I I yeah. Honestly, we don't normally I think it's an input error because, normally, there's there's not many issues. So just gotta hold tight. If you do gotta jump, that's alright. I can I can just give you a phone call, but, I guess.

Oh, she's typing? Oh, gosh.

Like, the we use Slack for our team, so I guess yeah. We don't it makes it a little bit more efficient than oh, yeah. Yeah. She said it's still got the same error.

Interesting.

Well, I'm not sure what we should do.

Maybe we could try.

No. No. I don't think it's I don't think it's on you. I just said maybe it's maybe there's a limit on the card. I'm not sure.

Now we just gotta play the waiting game every time I send her a message because I don't, like, I I I I don't have the I I don't have the capacity to I'm not on our finance team. I'm not allowed to do anything like that.

Yeah. I just asked her if there's any troubleshooting tips.

We'll figure this out. It'll it'll get sorted. It's just. I just wanna make sure that spot gets locked in. That's the only thing. I could probably what I could probably do is I could probably go ahead and get them to just give me the green light to to hold that spot before that goes through. That way just because probably wouldn't get taken up today, but I've got 5 other colleagues that meet with 6 golfers a day all over the world. So you never know. Sometimes sometimes the spots go quick. So maybe I'll do that right now. Maybe I'll just save that spot in the meantime.

That's true.

Yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah. Weird. Said III asked him to try and run the 2,000 but it said that that was still declined.

Okay. Do you know what the limit is, the daily limit on that is? I'm not sure. No worries.

Yeah. Like, I'm just wondering.

Yeah. I'm just wondering if can we send over.

Somehow I got on mute.

I just asked her. I said, what's what's.

