# Transcript

---


**Speaker 2:**

Okay.


**Speaker 0:**

Let me.

Call.

Wait long, guys. Is here?


**Speaker 3:**

I sent her another note. She's over now one, a meeting joining, though.


**Speaker 0:**

K. She's giving us a call. Alrighty. Guys, this is probably gonna be like a recurring meeting every week. Maybe we'll do this, like, for 3 or 4 weeks. We'll see. This is, like, my my 12th meeting today. Just kidding. So I'll try to get as much meetings, as much interactions as possibly can with you guys. So first off, let's do a little bit of introduction. Let's kinda try to get to know each other, who we are, what we do, what our roles are. Okay? I think you guys already know. Julius. Julius has been studying for the longest time. He piloted the status team. So it is a freaking no brainer to have Julius in the phone team, setting for the phone team, crushing it, and I just looked at his, his stats the other day, and he's been doing a great job. Just last month, Julius started setting for the phone team, and Julius had. Julius had 14 shows with one, k revenue. Bam. Bam. Bam. One, k.


**Speaker 3:**

Sorry. 14 shows with one, k revenue.


**Speaker 0:**

That's where I would probably like to get you, Tommy, to start with. Right, or maybe one, gradually get to 15, then we get to 20, so on and so forth. So, I would suggest if you guys get the chance, listen to some of Julius' calls. That guy not only sounds really good, but he has a great swing. So, he can maneuver his way out of the conversation. He knows that no. Seriously speaking. Julius knows when to book the member and when not to book the member because he knows he if he was on the other side of the call, if Julius was to set that call for Denver.

He knows that this is probably not gonna be a good set for Denver. This guy's not gonna show. This guy's not gonna buy. I'm not gonna do it. So that's the mindset I need you guys to get into. Okay? So that would be the, like, the first step. Now let's also introduce. Tommy. Tommy has. Tommy had a sale yesterday, right? That was his very first sale and setting, and then Tommy has been, this is his first time setting, and we did some role play with Tommy. We vetted him and he has, he has really good English too, probably better than, than Julius. No. So. Tommy is gonna be helping doing exactly what Julius is is doing. Okay?

So both of you guys are gonna be working hand in hand together with Mark that is here to beat the crap out of the both of you. Okay? So Mark's job is to show you guys who's the boss. Mark, you guys know him. He trained UK? Mark was your trainer, and he is ready to kick some butt here. Okay. Let me get Chad in one, here really quick. That's why you're here, Mark, to to add some competition. He's here to show you guys who the heck is the boss. Like, the Quezon City people is going to crush the the sebuanos. The Lapolapo team? The Lapolapo team versus the I don't know. Oh, then so that's a quick introduction.

I also Jonas introduce you guys to Cha. Cha is a little bit more of a specialized role, a bit more of a hybrid role. Cha is calling your no shows. So if you have no shows, you don't follow up with them. Cha's gonna grab them and she's gonna attribute it to them. Either that, or you take care of them yourself. Cha, however, predominantly is handling the no shows for the phone team because we do have a lot of no shows. Just last month, we had 58 no shows. If we can get 20 of them to show, that would be a good opportunity. Right? We're not expecting everyone to show. Out of the 100 people that we book, we're expecting probably 60 of them to show.

Right? So that's just the reality. Not everyone's gonna show. So last month, we had 58 no shows, and so Cha has been working on all of the no shows, trying to reschedule people and booking them, and just recently, I think she booked two or 3, she was able to reschedule two or 3 people. So yeah. So Julius, Tommy, and Mark is gonna be doing the same thing. Cha is going to be this doing the same thing, just slightly different because she's going to be she doesn't have a lot of no shows to work with, so she's gonna be, booking new appointments as well. Okay, and you guys already know Len. Right? Len is responsible for your leads. Len extracts all of the leads day in, day out. The possible leads that you guys might get, there's not a lot of possible leads, so don't expect too much there.

She's also sending out SMS blast. Okay? The SMS, we've been going back and forth a little bit with the SMS, trying to refine it, trying to figure out which one would work. So those SMS gets routed to you guys so you get more connects and more people that are interested before you even call them. K, and we're working on this, this SMS campaign specifically for the golf school on top of the other SMS campaigns that we're doing. So mind you, Leeann is also doing other things, but please feel free to reach out to Glenn for anything related to your leads. We will make sure you have leads to work with. We will make sure you have, members that has not bought Golf School yet dumped over to you so you can call them and just talk about the Golf School.

Okay? So and you guys know DL Rem and you guys know OMD. Right? So yeah. My I I think the the first thing that we need to do to really get good at this role, like any role, is to figure out how we can get better. Just earlier, I sent you guys a call or 3 calls from Andy and Hansel. That would be the first thing you guys wanna do, potentially, is to listen to some calls. What are they doing? What are they saying? How are they saying it? How are they handling objections? How are they booking? How are they making the best decision that this member is gonna show? How are they making the the decision that this member is going to buy?

So listen to some of the calls. Andy is, I think he's Singaporean. I forgot. Listen to their calls and try to figure out if you can pick a thing or two from from those guys. Does that make sense so far? Yep. So that's the first order of the day. Figure out who does what, when, how, and how good are they, with with that, and you know, hone in on that the next thing would be, making sure that you guys have clear notes as much notes as possible. So, Mark, whatever we train reps or Lee, whatever we train reps on and creating notes, putting any personal notes, and guys, make use of Julius because Julius knows this. Julius has has gone through.

Julius has gone through hell and back with all these stuff and changes with us all. So he knows all this. Like, I don't know Spain. Any notes that you think is relevant. How often the member plays, who he plays with, where he plays, what he shoots, what's his goal, what's, what makes him happy, what makes him sad, what's his dog's name, what he does for work, any notes as much as possible. Put a lot of notes. Right? Notes. The more notes you have there, the better. K? Because those notes goes to the, the closers. Once the closer sees the nose and they only see shoot eighties, miss irons, goal break 80, it comes up to them as if, like, the conversation never really even happened.

So put as much notes as possible. If you wanna put in, like, a two pager note there, I don't care. You wanna put in, like, a long, like, a a paragraph note there better, but don't put, like, two, 3 liner notes there. Put as much notes as possible. As you're speaking with the member, take notes. Where they live, what they do, what have they done. They've gotten fitted. They, they bought a new club. They bought a g 45. Ping. They bought a new smoke driver. They they love Martin Chuk. You know, they work with the pro. They'll they, anything anything related, to their related to their golf game and anything every anything and everything personal too. Okay?

Very important that, you you guys do that. Just keep in mind that the closers are seeing those notes, and the the more notes they see, it's like it it really prepares them for the call. In terms of Anandaman, if you wanna find out, man, this this did this guy show? Did he buy? I mean, I don't think, like, I'm gonna have that, information readily available. Your point of contact there for for all of the ones that you rescheduled and the ones that you booked and you wanna know what the heck happened, King is your main guy. Tommy, King is a TL. I don't want you to I don't you don't need to feel like King is is, is someone that you cannot reach out to, I want you guys to feel like King is one of your resource.

I wish King was here. Same with chat. Same with Julius and and and Mark. King is gonna be your resource. Okay? So anything related to what happened to your sets, you can ask King. You can also ask Cindy. You can also mark ask Mark, De Guzman, our reports analyst. Delayed report extract report the day after. K? Time. So if you have an appointment today, say, at 12 o'clock, and then you wanna know, man, hey. Did he show? What time is this? 12:14. Did that did this guy show? Ping one. Ping Cindy right away. Confirm her. Cindy. Hey. Bug the heck out of her. Because Cindy also gets bonus from every shows, just like you guys. With us.

Cindy Hoas. Alright. She gets bonus from every show, so she should be able to accommodate you guys as well. Right? Everyone benefits from the job that you're doing, the job they're they're doing. So there is no wall in between any of the Filipino people. I don't care if you're from the sellers team or if you're from the phone team. There's no wall in between. You I need you to make use of your resources. Clear so far? If they push back, you let me know. I made those things clear with them, so they should not be. They should be, Right? Expect emoji emoji, emoji, messages that that you take their their message for what it is. You have to keep in mind just take their message for what it is, rather.

Keep in mind that Cindy is doing a lot of things, and she is very blunt with her messages. Like, straightforward, probably no emoji, no smileys, no nothing like that. So don't expect that. You might get that from Kim, from King. Okay? You might not get that from from Cindy. Okay? So don't feel like, you know, Cindy is not, being, accommodating or or whatsoever. Just minor feedback that I've heard in the past. So just but Cindy is a really good gal, and you just need to be able to really, you know, work, have a good real working relationship with her and just work with her objectively. Okay, and the goal here is I I'm gonna need, you know, we're gonna need you guys to book, you know, two to 3 appointments a day because one or two of them would would show, and this is my suggestion, Mark, because you've been doing, like, a lot of these a lot of these calls.

Try to and maybe even Tommy. Maybe even Julius, man. The the gents, or I don't know, Chad, if you've done this. If you see an opportunity answering inbound, take a day and fail that day and not book anything. Take that day as a learning, make some inbound calls, and see if this there's an opportunity for you to book these scratch slip cancellation calls. Make them happy, and then refund the scratch a little bit if you have, though, and then talk about the golf school. So the member calls, say, let's just say it's a scratch club call. Okay? Hey. I'm calling to cancel the scratch. Okay. No worries. Let me help you with that. What what's your email address?

Let me pull you up. Denver atgmail.com. Okay. Hey. As this is loading, what are you working on? What do you again? What do you shoot? Yada yada. What's your miss? How many shots is that costing you? What's your goal? Okay. Got your account pulled up here. Looks like you have scratched. Did you get a chance to take a look at that? That's inside to lower your handicap by 5 chance to fix your driver. No? I mean, what would you like to do with that? I can extend that for you or I can give you, like, AAA full year access to it or a one, time payment. What would you like to do? I like to cancel it.

I'd I'd I'm not gonna use that. I I don't need that. Okay? Fill me in. Like, what's holding you back? I don't know. Maybe I want wanna do in person for coaching or whatever, or I knew I'm working with a pro. Okay. No worries. I'll I'll go ahead and take care of that for you. Hey. While I have you and then transition to your golf school pitch. So make him happy, and then try to find an opportunity to to to convert those calls, those connects to, gulf School. Because you guys are gonna get a lot of connects from inbound calls. The challenge there is call type. Yeah. Let's be real with it, and then if if you feel like you're, no, you're not, you're not making any progress, send me, like, or drop your EOD.

That's the first thing, I guess. That's my, other request. I hope you guys are taking notes. Again, I'm gonna you know, that's I I just wanna make sure that you guys have had taken notes of of the things that we're we're talking about. Drop your EODs here. Put in the book. How many you booked? Zero, one, two, 3, 10. Put in your connects, how many people you spoke with, and put in a call link there, and anytime you feel like you had a bad day, raise that white flag and then you know, send us send me, like, one or two decline calls. You might get feedback from me. You might get feedback from Lee. You might get feedback from Remen.

You might get feedback from Julius, whomever you might get feedback with. Take it for what it is and take the feedback and and pick the best feedback that you like to up to to apply. That's that's just my suggestion. K? But I'm gonna stay on top of it and give you guys as much feedback as possible if I only have those calls. K? I've been doing training for for the VIP reps, the CP reps. I don't mind doing training for you guys as well, but I would need to listen to see where you guys are at, Mona, in terms of your calls. Okay? But to really get good at it, the first thing that I ask you is to do is just listen to to the calls that I sent.

And, if you want more call if you want more suggestions or yeah, questions, for example, member, what do we say? Gradually, we're gonna get good at this.

But you just really need to put your heart and soul into it.

Feedback.

Feedback. Now the do's and the don'ts. Let's just talk about the do's and the don'ts. Okay?

93 sorry. 89 year old golfers. We're gonna not table. K? Members that don't have money, upfront saying they don't have money. They only work and they're only earning, like, x amount of money. They're in a they're on pension. Not the best people to book. Okay? Members that are currently injured is okay to book but vet further. Figure them out. What is their prognosis? What is when are they gonna get better? When can they play? Can they join one of these schools in the next two to 3 months? Dig. Dig. Dig. Figure them out. It's not just about booking, booking, booking, booking, but figure them out. K? So let me, let me get that message here really quick.

Sorry, wait, Donna.

And here.

Figure out if they can play golf within the next 6 to 12 months. 6 to 12 months because we're booking members up until next year. That is a fact. We have, bookings up until next year. The spots are really filling up fast. That is a fact. Right? Do you have any major injuries or surgeries coming up? If they have any major surgeries coming up, that's gonna be tough. Anytime anyone has a surgery, the world stops. Right? They can't do anything. So don't push those members and figure them out. K? Any reason why your injury would hold you back from attending a golf school in the next few months? That's also a good question. Again, is there anything that would hold you back from attending one, of these golf school in the next few months?

This is specifically for people that are interested but that are injured. Bad back, bad whatever, surgery, on a bad hip. Figure them out. The reason we want you to figure them out just a little bit deep, further is because once they get on the call, Remen. You know what, and and maybe they're just stretching their reasons. Remen is, you know what? I I just got back to the doctor and you know, I don't even think I'm gonna be able to get back. So those are some things that we can filter before we send them over to I don't know. If you ever hear injure injury, when are you gonna get better? Do you think you're gonna be able able to play golf in the next 6 to 12 months?

Is there anything that would prevent you from joining one of these golf school in the next few months? So just those two just those few questions. Those are some of the, the the don'ts. I'm gonna pause there really quick. Does anyone have any questions about what I just mentioned?

Nothing? Okay. Okay. Cool.

Other don'ts would be oh my god.

Other dues rather. So put the champions pass, put the VIP, put the scratch club out of the way. That's not what you guys are doing anymore. You are selling a high ticket. We call this group a high ticket. High ticket is we're talking about anywhere between 5,000. Right? 5,000 dollars to 6,000. So you're selling something high ticket here. You're not selling 499 399 97, one, 69. This is a high ticket, thing that you guys are selling now. That means you need to be really be able to filter these guys really, really good.

If you ever feel like you're a little hesitant in in booking this member, feel free to be upfront with them and just say, I'm I'm sensing a little bit of hesitancy from you. Are you sure you wanna do this? Are you sure you wanna invest in something like this? Right? That's something that you can add to your arsenal if you feel like member.

Right? Feel free to filter them and just say, hey, look, if you don't wanna do this, that's okay. If you don't have the money for it, that's okay. You can tell me. No worries.

Right? It's okay to be very upfront with with these members because you are you're not selling a a Honda. You're selling a Ferrari. Okay? Hondas are nice, man. Yeah. Are you sure you can afford a Ferrari? Are you even sure you can drive a Ferrari? Right? Everyone can probably drive a Honda. Right? But it depends on the Honda. So that's the I know. Are you sure you can I know? Is this something you could do? So do a lot of filtering. Okay? Figure your member out. Mind you, guys, to give you some context, the phone team with 80, 90 people are generating 1,100,000 dollars every month. K? The high ticket team, the setters team, and the closers team, which has about around 20 people, are also generating the same amount of money.

There's a bit of a difference there because the profit margin is quite slim for the for the high ticket, and that's why we're pushing the the high ticket to, for more revenue. So they should be generating about, you know, one, 1.5 in order to be really profitable, very similar to the phone team. Right? We have about a profit margin of 90. Percent They have a a you know, I'm I'm I'm just gonna safely assume they have a profit margin about 50. Percent.

Why so? Because we're paying the coaches.

Martin you have to pay the the closers. You have to pay the setters. Unlike the phone team, you just have to buy the you just have to pay the phone team. See the difference there? So that's why we need a little bit of push for for the golf school. In addition to that, guys, we're somewhat gearing towards to more of that type of approach where we are, trying to get more coaches all over the world. Remember if when when we started in just Arizona? Arizona. See Martin Chuck? Look at the map now. We're we're everywhere. In. Jamaica.

So this is this is a good opportunity for us to gear, to get ready and get geared up for for next season. Okay? So that's that's my only ask, and I. I can honestly say, like, I believe in each and every one of you guys' talent. Otherwise, we wouldn't be there, and we wanna test and see, like, who can really crush this role. For for chat, your your goal is just, man, schedule.

And just make sure that you guys are really prequalifying. Very important. That should be, like, you know, like, the back of your hand. If you don't prequalify, just like forgetting to put on your underwear or brush your teeth. So you can never forget those things. For. Joyous, Tommy, and Mark, few opportunities would be outbound calls. Burn the phone. You gotta really burn the phone. Two, look at your possible leads. 3, look at your SMS. 3 4, look at the the inbound inbound cost. Look at any opportunity where you can get more, people to be enticed in the golf school. Okeydokey?

Sounds like a plan. Alright. Sir. Okay. Cool. How are you guys feeling? You feeling pumped here? Feel good. Ready. K. Yes, sir. Tommy, how about you, man? How are you feeling? Yeah. I feel feeling good, boss. Well, you made a sale yesterday, so that's really good. Right? Yeah. Yeah. But Mark's gonna crush the heck out of you. I'm telling you, man, this guy's gonna come out like a bull, and he's you know, I remember Mark, he told me during I know when we were doing, appointment setting, he's like, man, this s*** is easy. I know. It is. We just need to be able to speak with members. It is. It is really easy. Easy it is. I I can do this for days, and I get paid the same. I wouldn't mind doing it all day long. Now I got my. I got one day. There are days book. But that's actually not a bad day for your first day.


**Speaker 2:**

Yeah. Yeah. After that, I listened to to some calls. I I think I I spend most of the the day listen to listening to calls. Yeah. So.


**Speaker 0:**

Today, I got one.


**Speaker 2:**

I'm looking to get 3.


**Speaker 0:**

Wow. You already have one, and I'm telling you, man, this this guy. How many do you have, Tommy?

I got I mean, as of today, boss, not yet, but I do have a schedule for today around 4 PM. How about you, Julius? You got any booking? I got one already. Yeah. One. How about you, Chad? Today, none yet. There you go. Okay. No worries. Look. It's it's gonna be a friendly competition for you guys, and just really push yourself to the limit. I'm I'm not trying to compare any any of you guys. I'm gonna handle this, this division with with with Remen and Lee very similar to how we handle the the sellers team, how we launched the sellers team. We're gonna make it work, but I'm gonna need you guys to be here. Right? I just I'm just gonna be very upfront.

Anytime you guys give us a headache, like we're it's probably not gonna work out. We're probably gonna have to move forward. So I would really appreciate if you guys are, you know, stay on top of your game, because I'm always moving forward, and you can be completely honest with me with things. I I would appreciate that. But try not to, hold me back from doing other things because. I need you guys to, steer the wheel for me, as we're moving forward. Ask call, and anytime you need to be out or whatever, then that that's fine. But but just try to be here and learn as much as you can and and book as many members as you possibly can. You guys are going to we're gonna try to beat Mark because he trained us. Yeah. We were talking about that. Yeah. That yeah.


**Speaker 2:**

I'm on a tight spot, May.


**Speaker 0:**

Mark, you're not on a tight spot. Like, I I would take your spot all day long. Really, I would wanna be there right now instead of all these all these trainings and meetings. I'd be Remen, and I wanna show you what I got. So Mark's gonna come out like a bull and crush you guys. Just wait.

Len is going to share the data with you guys every day. Okay?


**Speaker 2:**

Connect. Mm mm. Conversion. Conversion bus. Yeah. Next conversion. This GS book? Number book? Yes.


**Speaker 0:**

Yeah. Message. Okay. Decline reasons decline reason decline reason.

Decline reason, and breakdown inbound, outbound let's just take a look at, like, how many calls they made. K? How many did they book? How many did they connect with? Yeah. K? Try conversion. Yep. Guys, Len is going to be your go to person for leads. If you feel like, the leads aren't are so cold, you're not getting any connects, Len has direct contact with Alaware, and we are working Alaware really hard to make sure that we're connecting with a lot of people. So, again, you might be speaking with people that bought January, February, yesterday, last month, last week, but they have not bought any golf school, at all. So send me those calls when you can, and that's, let's get things going. But remember to listen to some of the calls, Mona, when you get the chance. Pre shift, post shift, just overall work on your on your graph, and we'll we'll get there.


**Speaker 2:**

Next week, so Andy. In.


**Speaker 0:**

Singapore.


**Speaker 2:**

But he's is he is everything he's saying there, like, legit? Like, you know, are these things that we can definitely use?


**Speaker 0:**

He's saying a lot of good things there. Yeah. I said, listen. The the the the freestyle golf school. As in, like, you're not closing the school, but you're also not saying a lot of BS.


**Speaker 2:**

Right? He's close to that, but he's, like, close to a Well, yeah. Yeah.


**Speaker 0:**

Very close. Right? Actually, because he came out like what he came out just crushing everybody. Like, improve. He just joined, like, I think, last month, and then now he's beating, like, the top reps. He's good.

Andy, and that's what we need. Right? We need an we need a Pauline. We need a Belle. We need an Aie. We need a p we need a Jackie to, you know, like, the phone team that we can learn from. Remember, I learned from a Ben. I learned from a Nick, and that's what got us here. So you guys wanna learn from the best, invest time, and learn from the best, and take what they're saying. You'd be surprised one, where that would take you. Really. Either that or you use your own words and then you get stuck all the time and practice as a member, guys. Practice before you actually get on calls. Don't go in there and try to practice on the member.

Practice on on a practice on your own know the scripts by hand. I know, Chad, you're very new. I know, Tommy, you're very new, but IIII can confidently confidently say that you guys could do this. So, let's leave it at that. Any questions? Any help needed? Clear bonus clear incentives questions clarify one, clarify QPOM Or.


**Speaker 2:**

I started, like, half of the month, so I'm not sure. Tommy.


**Speaker 3:**

Next or next month.


**Speaker 2:**

I'm not gonna expect anything. I think Prorate prorate prorate your, bonus, Mark. I don't know.


**Speaker 0:**

Mark, the the bonus doesn't need to be prorated because it's per per show. Hoping. Oh, yeah. Per show and per Closed deal. So So if you get let me let's do a little bit of math. Shall we? Okay. Honestly, this is not. I want you guys this this might be stretched, but I want you to look forward to something. I'm not saying, like, this is exaggerated. I'm saying it's a stretch. Okay. So let's do a little bit of math here. Okay. So what do we need? Shows. Close deal. Right, and let's just put the the amount here. K.

K, and then some of you guys, I think show rate, bonus. Okay? So how many shows in a month? Let's start with 15. Let's check. Let's start with 10. Okay? Let's start with 10, and then 10, every every show you get 10 that's already a 100. Okay? Magically, close 55 each. Magically, close Okay? 5,500.

So 10 times 5,500. 5,500. Stretch. K? So that's how many? 55,000. Okay? You take your 55,000 dollars and you you get the one percent of that. So this would get you this plus this, that would get you oops. Sorry.

That'd get you 650 dollars just for 10 shows. One, shows, 10 deals closed. 10 shows, 10 deals closed. What if I do more? Well, we can do that. Right? What if I do 15? So now you're looking at 900 and 75. Right, and what if I do 16?

Can I do 17? Can I do 20?

Yeah. Right? So that's that, and then we're going to, if you guys go over, a 100,000 you're gonna get an additional 300. So one, 3 plus one, plus 300 that's 1,600. So 1,600 times, I don't know, 59. So, you know, that that's a conservative bonus of 9,400,000.

Pesos, right, if you get a 100,000. You do one, show. Right? One, show close the deal 10,000 one. One. You umbrella girl sit down. So yeah. That that can happen. Again, stretch, though, I'm not saying that's where you're gonna get. You could get 3. You could get 4. You could get I don't care. Well, how much you know? That's that's just, doing a little bit of math for you guys. Okay? Okeydokey. Questions? The new car money.


**Speaker 3:**

There you go. I thought you're getting a truck, man.


**Speaker 0:**

No. Let's make that as a goal, man. I think that's a really, really nice goal. I like that you're looking forward to something. Yeah. Yeah. Are you putting the trigger in the the same s***? So you guys have been talking about cars, so this guy's gonna buy. Let's make that as a goal. Because I like I was looking at Mark's car, like, last year. I was like, man, that looks that looks nice, man.


**Speaker 3:**

Then he bought it. I was asking him about it, how he how he drives.


**Speaker 0:**

It's nice, but I'm sure I can beat him, and I don't even know how to drive well like it. I'm sure my car goes faster. No. Revit Revit's I really started. Backwards. Okay. Reverse, and guys, it it's, it's it's not impossible to earn as much money as as possible, and you know, I I just really need you guys to put in all the effort that you possibly can. Raise that white flag. You need help. You're not booking. Consistently not booking. Look. We're here to help. Okay?


**Speaker 2:**

Yeah. Yep. We're here to help. Support. I might enjoy here and stay here.


**Speaker 0:**

That's what I said yesterday, you'd be very surprised. Work.

Yeah. It's really. I I was I was able to set 4 in one day, and I only that was, like, my second or first day of making calls. I was able to set for at the time, see see Justin closer. Launch setter. So Justin, and then me and Brixton were a little bit of a competition. Could you make some calls, and I made some calls, and I booked 4. Two of them show. One of them bought. Well, you know, that's Well.


**Speaker 2:**

That's number to beat, guys. Number to beat. Okay.


**Speaker 0:**

Well, the number to beat is 8 shows. Right, Julius? 8 shows Yeah. It's 8. Jonas? In a day, they're Jonas, Ed, or Cindy. It was it's. Jonas had 8 shows in a day, and Jonas had, 25,000 dollars generated in one day. Damn. Yeah. We have that record.

Hall of fame. That's the record to be okay. Tommy is one, is is is like, I wanna get the heck out of here. Let's get some calls going. So I'll let you guys one, and I will definitely see you guys next, next week next next week, Sayeb. Thank you, guys. Let's crush it. I'll see you. Have a good.

