# Transcript

---


**Speaker 0:**

Hello? Oh, hey, Greg. How's it going?


**Speaker 2:**

Hi. How are you?


**Speaker 0:**

Yeah. Good. Thanks. Are you driving? That's it. No. I'm actually.


**Speaker 2:**

At one of my projects.


**Speaker 0:**

So. Oh, you're breaking up a little bit, though. Like, the signal is a little bit breaky. Let me see what it's actually said. I don't have great connection here. Oh, dear.

Yeah. It says, yeah, my cell phone's telling me only two bars. Is that better? It's a little bit better. I mean, we can try. Yep. But it might I mean, I need you to be able it's it's like a 35 minute, 40 minute call. Right? So I wanna make sure you can hear me okay. Yep. Yep. Well, I can hear you. You're you're coming in great. Okay. Okay. Well, we'll just get started and see how it goes, and if we can't, then we'll have to reschedule for when you, maybe go home. So, you're on this call today. My understanding is that you are looking to play in the senior pro tournament next year, and you wanna do this golf school with your son?

No. No. No. No. No. No. Not a senior pro. Yeah. He misunderstood. Not a senior amateur event in my state. Oh, okay. Okay. That makes sense, and you wanna attend a local Competitive senior amateur, not com not senior pro. Okay. Yeah. That that that's that's a little too unrealistic. Well, I mean, you never know. But, yeah, III guess guys had contacted me about your program, so I was definitely interested a little bit. So, are you looking to come with your son? Is that is that the plan?

Yeah. I'm thinking that.

Yep. So, Greg, the connection is terrible. I I really can't hear you at all.

