# Transcript

---


**Speaker 0:**

He has one ability I don't have. Yep. He sleeps. He can't sleep. This guy goes on a bed, and he lays down on one of those, you know, 6 ounce. It weighs 6 ounces, so you can't lift it. They're meant for children Yep. Young people Yeah, and old people to lift. Yeah. They're aluminum. You know, hollow aluminum. Yeah. Yeah. They weigh very little, and he can't lift, and somebody convinced him he looks great in a bathing suit, and when you're 82, typically, bathing suits are gonna make you look great. Right. They're not gonna be enhanced. Yeah. Alright. Just one of those things. I can't be sure about that, but typically, you know Every pack, and he. I don't know what the hell he's packing, but I don't wanna.

I don't wanna know. I don't know. But but he has an ability to fall asleep while on camera. He can write down a lot of those things he does, and in minutes, he's stone cold out. I see, and he's got cameras. I think he's in prison. So they have cameras on him. Yeah. Yeah, and then they show him sleeping on the beach. Yeah. They've never seen me sleeping in front of the camera.

The name of Jesus, he come to this world. Go to our family. Go to our high school. Go to your job. Go to your neighborhood, and when we speak, you don't speak to yourself no more. You speak to the one who called you. Christianity, it's not a self help program. You speak for God, and when you speak, it's supposed to be the very same thing that God speaks. Here you share the gospel. It's God speaking right through you. Have you ever looked at yourself as a horrible that God was his right?

Yep. Yeah. I think it's a really well suited, and and Chris is so he's such a such a cool laid back guy. It's so good. You know, this is I'm convinced that this is a really good fit for your situation, plus it's a great place to go. I'll let him get the best of best of my recommendations as I know pretty much all. Okay. So how much of this call? So the VIP experience for the two days with Neil's, the training aids and videos made at the school, and the 12 minutes of follow up, private reinforcement coaching is valued at 6,000 US dollars. I can do a substantial discount. I was not I mean, it is.

I can do a nice discount for the two of you coming together for this particular school, and I can get the price down to 5,000 even per person. So it'd be 10,000 for the junior, and that would be for the school and the coaching and everything. It would not include the accommodations, but as I mentioned, we would provide some okay. You got that done. Okay.

So what we can do today is let a deposit now, and then we can, from there, either have one or two future payments to pay off the remaining amount. How would you like to Sounds like a cruise. You bet? Sounds like a damn. Exactly. Okay. That's all I got. I've I've got for 50 audio tomorrow. Give her the numbers, and I'm gonna have to get get back to you when that other gentleman was calling me on the phone earlier. Yeah. I know, and and find out what my wife has to say about the idea. If she was, like, really mean when she was meeting, there she was meeting when she was meeting when we spoke to 3 weeks ago about this.

Hello. I wanna start this.

Hey. Got some reading for you guys.

The author is handsome.

Sally. I was taking them back.

It's a big hub for everything. Check it out.

Thank you. You might connect with some of the things in there. I'd tell some stories.

Yep. Yeah. I think it's a really awesome, and and Chris is so he says cool, ain't that guy. It's so good. You'll you'll this is. I'm convinced that this is a really good fit for your situation, plus it's a great place to get a bunch of best recommendations as I know pretty much all. Okay. So how much is this call? So the VIP experience for the two days with meals, the training days, the videos made at the school, and the 12 months of follow up by the reports because it's now at 6,000 US dollars.

Well, it'll change it'll change their life, and it'll probably change the two of your lives have an opportunity to play ball together in in in a different tone with less frustration where feel like you're actually playing good competition balls, and I think you'll be very pleased by it. Of course. It's it's it's something that you want for a lot of people that I talk to, they have done really well in a lot of different sports, but not prof. Right? It's been that elusive thing. So, here's what we can do from here, Mark. I will be your contact for for this moving forward. So, here's what we can do today. I'm going to send over to you the itinerary for the school, the Chris Smith, that works Pablo's.

It'll have all that info. It'll include a summary and some other testimonial videos and stuff that I can get both of you a good warm and pleasant feeling about what my experience that you get into. I will message you the text message to your side, and I'll make sure that you have two ways to easily be able to reach out with me. So I'll probably reconnect tomorrow, and that way, you'll have time to talk with her tonight. Any other questions, and it'd be a pleasure. If she's interested, we can do a a call with the 3 of us together, because I would like to get some information on her, before, I sent her to the school. So, how does that sound as a game plan for tomorrow? Let's see. One, I that sounds good. Me take a look at my.

Calendar.

Oh, yeah. Something's coming up, but it's not showing up on this computer. Are you available tomorrow at one PM? That's what I'm checking. Time? That's where that's what I'm checking. Where are you located? I'm in Fortiva, Arteta, at least in Mexico. Oh my goodness. Fortiva, Arteta. Wow. Do do you know where Chico's Paradise is? I do. My wife and I are honeymooned out of I think Princess Cruise because you make the the cruise down there, and we found we found, Cheapos Paradise. I have never experienced a better margarita since then I've only been a hidden gem. That's a hidden gem. Not not as many people would know about that. There's a lot of good ones. III have no hidden two great restaurants living here. Well, it isn't even in this. I've been I'm donating blood tomorrow, so I just wanna make sure I know what time that is.

And during the morning, I should be done by one o'clock. Okay. Right on.

Alright. So, I got us, I'll just it'll be a phone call. I'll give you a phone call tomorrow at one PM, and we can reconnect on these things from today. So what I'll do now is send over to you the itinerary for this particular tool, summary of all the benefits, some other things, and then follow that up with a text message to make sure you got it all. After you got a chance to speak with Laura and see how she feels about it, we can, connect tomorrow on whether she's in or not, and then if this is the school that you'd like to attend, we can sort that out, or we could, if if necessary, kind of move to a step two, which would be a list of all of our different schools, and then we can kind of look at some other options.

I love this option, though, for you. Having lived in Cabo May is a really nice line excuse me. March is a really nice time to be in Cabo. Probably as good as any. There's no humidity. Nice breeze off the ocean, sunshine, not a cloud in the sky. I lived there 20 years ago. It's like clockwork. So it'd be a really nice place to be for your anniversary. Especially since she since she's a fair skinned redhead. You know? I just knew when I first married her, when, that she would never make it into Rupert. So. You're a funny cat, and I really like you, Mark. Oh, thank you. Alright. Well, I'll talk to you tomorrow. Bye. I'll I'll the the cell phone that I'll message you from today will be the the same number I'll call you from tomorrow.

So go ahead and get it into your phone later. Okay? That's good. Thank you very much. Alright. Have a great rest of your day, and all I ask is if this works out really well and you're super happy that you send me some brisket from Texas. That's all I ask. Hey, what? You get if you've got a smoker down there, I'll teach you I'll bring I'll bring the rub, and that's the secret, and I'll teach you how Okay. Alright. I got an open invitation here in Puerto Vallarta. I got a I played 5 or 6 rounds with people that I signed up for school that have come down on vacation and said, hey, Marco Vallarta. I'm gonna go and get, you know, get around. So open invitation for you.

Okay. Come on, bro.

Boom.

