# Transcript

---


**Speaker 0:**

Go ahead. So, Pat, the purpose of this conversation, I want it to be fun. I want it to be laid back. We're here to talk about golf. I'm not trying to help you break course records or join the tour. That's not the goal. I want you to get your game as close to your maximum potential as possible. I want you to eliminate those headaches, get some distance back, get that timing, get that sequence. Just get your confidence with your game together. That's why we wanna help our golfers through and make it as fun as possible and try to get there as efficiently as possible. I work with something called a master professional. There's only a total of 423 coaches in the entire country that get that designation.

I work with, there's a list in that top that make that top 50. I work with 15 of the guys that make that list. Because they're very talented, very good at what they do, they love what they do. Doesn't mean every single one of these coaches is a good fit for the golfer and vice versa. I just wanna make sure I can give you the best recommendation possible. Does that make sense? Yeah. Okay. Awesome. Absolutely. Perfect, and I know, you've been down the ringer this last couple years, and I know you had a cancer diagnosis, and you're going through the chemo, and you're essentially going through the stage one. Correct? Right. Yeah. Gotcha, and you're getting in the tail end of it, going through the recovery, the chemo, and by spring next year, it looking it's looking like we're on the other side.

Is that kind of where things are at? Yeah. Okay. That's that's the goal. Yeah. Alright. Beautiful plan. Alright, and beautiful, and as far as work, we're retired, still working. What's going on there? Yeah. Yeah. Retired. Gotcha, and you're in California. Correct? Yeah. Yeah. Northern California. Beautiful, and what line of work did you used to be in, Pat? Real estate. I I had a couple of different real estate companies. One, a development company, and but just a general real residential real estate sales company with, 90 agents. Gotcha. A lot of client golf down down the line as far as the years were concerned or not not much so? Okay. Very cool. No. Alright. So how long you've been playing golf for in general?

How many years? One, and I started when I was 11. My my dad, moved us from Philadelphia to New York, and he joined a private club out on Long Island, and then he got the bug there. Also got the bug to hang out in the Caddy Shack with the Caddies and play pinochle. There there you go. Alright. So you have the best of both worlds. I love it. I love it. There you go. So you've been around the game a long time. You obviously love the game. Okay. Awesome. Yeah, and I know at your best, you were kinda right around the 7 index, and you're currently right around the 12 now. Is that kinda where we're at? Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Although I yeah. I I joined a club. After 39 years in East Bay, I joined a club up in Santa Rosa, California. Beautiful. And.

They actually don't really get much play in the winter because the ground is too saturated. But yeah, I,II yeah. That's that's probably it. Gotcha, and as far as some of the pain points, some of the opportunities, and based, you know, on your conversation, I know I took some notes. I know we're struggling as far as some distance. We lost distance because we're an upwards of 30 yards. You know, in the age and life and obviously the stuff in between with the chemo, I'm sure that took a took a punch to the face as far as your some of your strength at some point, and Yeah. Okay. Absolutely. Okay, and so an upwards of 30 30 yards he'd lost across the board.

The misses seems to be a push with the irons. Driver's decent, still can gain more distance, more accuracy there. Lost confidence with the fairway woods, the 3 woods, so you kinda don't hit it too much, kinda reverted to using your hybrids. Yeah. You're good. Alright. I like to listen. Alright? I like to listen. Okay, and at the same time, I wanna make sure I give you the best recommendation and me understand your game as much as possible. Just helps me kinda do that, and as far as putting, short game, obviously, you can always fine tune those areas. Putting is decent, but from day to day, you know, could be better than others. Alright? That's what I have as far as the foundation.

Good start? Yeah. Perfect. Okay. Beautiful. Perfect. So when is the timeline? What's what's the doctor saying as far as you'll be able to I mean, are you currently playing golf right now, or No. I I haven't played since I got die well, I played once after I got diagnosed, but they put me because it was pancreatic cancer, it's a very aggressive cell. Yeah. They put me on chemo right away, and it just kicked my ***. So, and then I had a surgery, a Whipple surgery, which is barbaric, but, I went, oh, maybe a month ago and hit some balls, and after about one, hits, I felt a pain in my gut, so. I stopped. Got it. But I'm I'm now on a post surgery chemo, and I'm starting radiation, right after the holidays.

So. I'm hoping that by early February, I'll be done with with that and the chemo pills that I have to take. Now I'm going to chemo pills, and you know, it's probably gonna take two or 3 months for me to, you know, get back to feeling decent. Gotcha. So, you know, I'm thinking the spring. I know in May, I'm gonna meet one of my sisters in Santa Fe. Nice. Towards the end of towards the end of May.

So, you know, if I do this golf immersion thing, you know, maybe early May. Okay. Yeah. What I'm thinking about. Most of our golf schools are sold out up until end of March. Alright. We're starting to and starting in April as well. So we're essentially starting to fill up for a lot of our spring schools. You'd you'd take into account. Not everybody lives in Florida like myself. So you got your snowbirds and you got your seasonal people, holiday gifts, this and now. We're doing a whole purple they they fill up pretty quickly for the Q1. Alright? But if we're talking about spring, it might it might sounds like a pretty good time frame, essentially. So. Yeah. Yeah.

It could be a good fit. Okay. Cool, and as far as travel, are we willing to come outside of California? Are we are we trying to stay local? Like, what would that makeup kinda look like? Well, it doesn't really matter. I mean, you know, just flying somewhere and getting, housing is it just adds to the cost, but, I'm fine. You know? I I I don't particularly wanna go to Florida, but, you know, I could go to Georgia or New York or I mean, I grew up in Philadelphia, so I could go to Pennsylvania. Okay. We have these all over the country. I tell every golfer, if something was in your backyard and I saw something, you know, a couple hours away or something here was a better fit, I would send you there.

There. Alright? My my goal my goals are to help you kick **** on the golf course, and I just wanna help you help you get there with the guy that's gonna help you get there. You know what I mean? So as long as you're giving me an opening saying, Justin, yeah, I'm willing to move. I'm willing to go somewhere else, that just gives me an open to give you more than one recommendation. Alright? I always wanna be, here are 4 plan a's. Tell me which one works for your calendar, and you'll have a great time. Alright? That's what it's all about. Okay? So as long as I have that opening. Okay, and as far as some of the background with some of the lessons you've taken, because I know you've taken formal lessons, when's the last time you've taken a lesson? I know, obviously, not too recent. It took a lesson, I think, in.

You know, maybe in the winter, about a year ago. Okay. From and we at Santa Rosa Country Club, we have an LPGA.

Woman who's, the teacher. She's just there as teaching and she gave me a great lesson. One of the things I like about lessons, and I've had a number of them is I don't want too many things, you know. Like, one, guy said, well, here's 4 things that you need to work on. No. Doesn't work for me. It's in our business, and she just gave me one, one great tip, you know, and that is, you know, getting my left cheeks, back against the wall as opposed to just coming up. You know, I was a big come upper. So so essentially, a flipper is what we call it. Alright? So you Yeah. Yeah. Gotcha. So she's trying to keep you keep you down, get your hips activated obviously, and and help, and that's and and the concept is to to keep you down on the ball, to help you make better contact, to compress the golf ball, and then obviously helps you clear your hips and finish them on your left side.

That's the concept that she's trying to ingrain. You know? Right. Exactly. You know? So Exactly. What you're describing is good communication. Alright? Because you could work with another coach that's trying the same thing, and they might not be able to explain it to you in that way for you to resonate with it. Does that kinda make sense? That's that's great coaching, the why and how combination. But it sounds as though you've worked with a couple different pros over the years. Is that fair? Yeah. Yeah. I have, and and I would say for the most part, they've all been pretty good. One, guy said said to me, Pat, are you ready to have your game go to **** for a while?

Because I don't wanna give you a lesson unless you're ready for that. But but in in in any event, I I think I only had one bad lesson in my life. I will never I will never down talk people. I give lessons. I've worked with a lot of them. I still work with a lot of them on an everyday basis. I work in the golf space. I mean, very knowledgeable people, great personalities, do the best job they can help you. No no golf coaches for the most part are trying to hurt you. Right? But there's levels to it. You know what I mean, and that and that's a big part of it, and you know, so I guess some the some some questions to kinda wrap around some of the lessons.

Any on course instruction? Have you ever had that type of an experience, like an on course playing lesson? No. That's right. What about Trackman, slow motion video, 3 d gears? Are these lessons mostly for driving or handling? Correct? Okay. Sure. Yeah. Okay. When's the last time you had some type of analytic?

Well, when I went to actually hit balls, you know, a month or so ago, they you know, this is the big trend now, right, having 35 bays and they all have a track, man. So that's the last time. You know, it's not the same as being indoors and in a, you know, in a more. Performance center, so we call them. Yeah. Performance center. Yeah. So, but, the club that I used to belong to for 39 years, had one, put one in, and I was there, and you know, it was it was interesting, but I didn't have anybody there teaching me with it. Correct. I didn't have any any coaching. I had no coaching with the track, man.

Okay. So just kinda taking a look at what you could assess and try to make, you know, the most sense out of it that you. Yeah. Yeah. Looking at to buy some clubs and went in and hit a few different clubs with the track, man. Yeah. Okay. Gotcha. Alrighty, and you ever heard of the term in golf, practice makes perfect? What is You ever heard of the term in golf, practice makes perfect? Yeah. It's it's never a line you'll hear in golf. It's actually the exact opposite. It's practice doesn't make perfect. It's perfect practice makes perfect. So that kinda leads into the next. This can actually screw you up, makes it engrains some really bad habits. Correct.

So that's kinda what I'm relating to, have you ever been given, like, a customized practice plan that was kinda tailored to you and what you're capable of doing? No. Okay, and what's the plan? So if stars are aligned, we get where exactly where we wanna be come May, like, how often do you plan on getting out there? I mean, before before everything was going on, how often were you getting out there? At least twice a week. I would say, you know, ideally, the minimum of twice, a maximum of 4. But, you know, I mean, I love golf, but I don't love it that much. Yeah. I would say two to 3 times a week is is ideal for me.

That's a lot. Okay. I still have some people I can only go out there once a week. Okay? Yeah. Like I said, practice don't make perfect perfect. Practice makes perfect. You give me the guy that's going after one day a week, working on the right things, not reinforcing those bad habits compared to the guys that I've been seeing at the driving range the last 3 years doing the same thing over and over and over again, and I'm hearing the same conversations. I've gotten here. I got we don't want that person. Okay? So at the end of the day, golf is the only sport to low score wins. There's a method to that madness. You gotta be working on the right things to actually get to the next level.

You know what I mean? That's that's a big part of it. So outside of the the chemo and the and the cancer I've been going on, do you have any other obviously, the, you know, losing some strength and things like that. But do we have any major, injuries, any back issues, anything like that? No. I mean, I've had both of my rotators on my right and left shoulders repaired. So, you know, always lose a little bit of flexibility with that no matter how much rehab. But, no, I'm in you know, up up until this diagnosis, I was in pretty good shape for, you know, my age.

Awesome.

Just trying to get all the notes down, and I appreciate your patience, by the way. Part of this conversation Yeah. I like I know we got started late. We lost about 10 minutes or so. I like to cross a lot of boxes, and some of the boxes I need to check out with every conversation. I wanna make sure you love the game. Feppy, you've been around the game since you were one, still do it. You obviously love the game. That's number one, box I need to check off. Pardon my language, we don't like a holes either. There's a lot of them that one, deal with. Alright? I get an a hole on my call. I'm talking to them.

I'll give them the benefit of the doubt, but the second I realized they're not a good fit, they're not coachable. Wanna make sure you're coachable. That's not a good fit. My guys love what they do. They wanna make sure the golfer they're about to work with loves the game as well. As long as you love the game, you're coachable, my guys are that good at what they do. Okay? So as long as your coach, they're crossing those boxes off for me. But I wanna know what the end goal is. Like, we get you out to a golf school. We cross the t's dot the I's. You have a great experience. What would make you happy? What would make you very proud from a golf perspective?

You know, I I think for me, Justin, I really want to be I want my shots to be more consistent and and less army golf. You know, I I think in the last two or 3 years, maybe last 4 or 5 years, you know, the army golf has has been introduced into my game, which I didn't have before. You know, when I was I was younger, I love to draw the ball and I think I'm a natural fader and but I I know how to draw the ball. So I I guess what I would love to do is just be more target oriented. You know, if I have to use a 5 iron instead of an 8 iron or one iron, so be it. I can always move up to the white tees, which I just started doing last year. I love it. And.

And the last question I like to figure out. Okay, and then we'll jump into the golf, so I'll explain how it works. You ever heard of the golf rabbit hole? Yes. Sure. Scale from one to 10. Are you deep, not deep? Youtube, Golf Digest, do we stay away from that stuff? Yeah. Oh, I like Golf Digest. You know, one of the reasons I like it is, you know, club they have the club issues, and then they have the top 100 US in the world. You know, I love reading about different courses and Okay. You know? As long as we don't get too much into the weeds and analyzing all these different golf swings, all these different fields, because the golf rideable is something that could clog the brain of a lot of golfers, and I just wanted to make sure make sure you're not too deep into it.

Okay? Yeah. You know, 9 out of 10 guys typically fall down one on some level. So the fact that we're trying to stay away from it, I love Golf Digest, I love other things too, and I'm kinda the same way. I wanna know what what new clubs are coming out, I wanna know what people are saying about them. I wanna know some cool destination spots that I can add to my bucket list. Like, I like things like that. Right. But I've also been that same golfer too. Fall down the golf ride, but we'll find something on Youtube, do this, do that. I just wanna make sure you're not too not too much in them there in a sense.

Yeah. Good. No. I wouldn't say I mean, yeah, I'm in a little bit, you know. I wanna stay, you know, with my my right shoulder. I'm right handed, my right shoulder lower. I wanna make sure my head is slightly below behind the ball and you know, So a lot of that ****. But, no, I'm I'm not deep in the rabbit hole. No. Definitely not. Good, and I like the little **** in there. At least I can I don't have to be cognizant of giving some words? Alright? We'll leave it at that. That's a big box I need to check off too. Alright? Make sure you can have some fun as well. Alright? No. I appreciate that. Alright, and if you came out to a golf school, is this something that you would do by yourself?

Would you bring any family out with you? Are you married? Anything like that? Would you make a trip out of it, or it's like, you wanna adjust and I'm here to golf, and the dedicated energy of that, and I'm gonna focus on that. What would that kinda look like to you? I mean, I've been married to a wonderful woman for 55 years. We have two adult children, neither of whom play golf because they were girls, and couldn't get them involved in it, but tried. No. I I would like to, I mean, it could I mean, like, if I went to Georgia or Texas or something, I might wanna go with my wife. Her name is Daryl. Daryl.

Does she play golf? Y l. What? Does she play golf? No. That she would She tried. I sent her to, I sent her to a 3 day golf immersion thing here in Sacramento and just didn't It didn't click? Didn't work. Okay. No. You tried. At least you tried the right thing. You're like, if you wanna do it, I'm not gonna tell you what to do. I'm gonna get you something that I I remember I got my fiance into golf, and I did one thing. I shot I literally showed her how to hold a club, and I said, hit the ball. She hit the ball the first 10 times. I was like, you might like this, so I'm not gonna show you anything.

I'm gonna go to my old you're gonna go to my old boss, pat Patricia down. She's a badass. She's gonna yell at you. She's not gonna let you give in, and if the rest is history. Right? It all depends on, you know, who the coach is. Sometimes they can really help it. They offer really Right. Really bring it out, but at least you try. That that's half the battle. Okay. Awesome, and May and on sounds like a decent time frame, essentially. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Yeah. Alright. Beautiful. Alright. So let's talk about how the golf school works. Let me just make sure I'm not hearing the time. Okay. Beautiful. So the way these golf clinics work is you're gonna come out for a couple days, typically a two day golf event.

Alright? Very fun, extremely immersive. Okay. Very custom tailored. There's no one size that fits all. Everything that we do with the golfer is custom tailored with that golfer. So the first thing we do with you right when you get to the golf school, it doesn't matter where you go across the board. It's the same two hours on day one across the board. We need to analyze you. We wanna watch you swing. We wanna clear your brain. We wanna joke around with you. I don't know if you can still hear me, but it looks like it's reconnecting. Can you hear me? Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna move. Yeah. Yeah. I can. Yeah. I'm gonna move back back in here.

Awesome. I'll wait for you to get stationary then Yeah. Okay. Awesome. So when you get to the golf school, the first thing that we're gonna do with you in the first two hours on day one is something called a full swing root flaw analysis. What we're essentially looking for in that diagnosis is what is that most fundamental flaw in your swing that we supersede in? Alright? Why is our sequencing off? Why is our timing off? Why are we playing army golf right now? Why is the club face doing what we don't want it to do right now? Okay? Because here's the deal. Every single golfer on the planet, they deal with swing issues. We deal with swing flaws.

Okay? But what most golfers start to do is they start to work on their flaws in the wrong order, and it's for an array of different reasons. Old muscle memory when you start off, mixed them with new things, conflicting information, giving some time up in between a job and life and everything, family, kids, injuries, cancer diagnosis, things where you get in the way, and when you lose some of the things, the foundational things that you're able to abide by with what you were doing before, but your body's not abiding anymore. So the sequencing needs to get back in the right direction. So how we're gonna do that is get to your root flaw. We call it the root flaw diagnosis.

When you think about a problem in general, eliminate the root cause of the problem, eliminate the problem. No difference when it comes to a golf swing. So the guys that I work with, what we're gonna do is diagnose what that root flaw is. What is that most significant thing that's just holding me back right now, and the beauty of this root diagnosis is if we can diagnose it effectively incorrectly, what starts to happen is the sequencing starts to make sense. The timing starts to come together. You start to get better results. You start to make better contact. Some of your distance starts to come back. Okay? The confidence starts to come back, and the reason why we can do that correctly and effectively is we're not working for you with an hour.

Okay? We're working with the 8 hours a day, extremely fun, extremely immersive, but enough time in between to engrain that positive muscle memory, get enough reps in between. My core demographic of people that come out to these golf schools, they typically flow between one, ages of 60 85. Okay? We're dealing with people that deal with a lot of different things that get in the way sometimes. Okay, and sometimes that sequencing could have been different 10, 15 years ago compared to what it is now. We need to get it interlocked. Okay? So Makes sense. Okay? So that's what we're gonna do. That's just gonna help you simplify things, and once we understand that again first of all, we're gonna record pretty much most of your experience.

So a lot of the videos, a lot of the swings. Alright? All those things that we're accomplishing together throughout the camp, you're gonna be able to revert and take these back things home with you. But on that first two hours on day one, we're gonna understand what that root diagnosis is. Understand the root diagnosis, understand your swing. Once you start to understand your swing, the positive results start to happen. Okay? Yeah. So that concept makes complete sense. Correct? Yeah. Sure. Okay. It does. Alright. Simple but brilliant. There's also a downside too. Alright? There's a lot of guys. I'm not trying to say here's the negative, but there is a downside too. Okay? I dealt with a lot of guys.

When you don't get to the root diagnosis, you spend more time, you spend more energy, and I've been there before too. I got from I got from the thirties to the twenties, the twenties to the fifteens, the fifteens to the tens. Okay? When you wanna get from that level to better, really requires fine tuning. Very easy to work on wrong things when it comes to that fine tuning. Okay? So essentially, we're gonna help you make sense of things, and once we get sense of things, we're not wasting any time. Okay? But essentially, the downside is if we don't figure out the root diagnosis, it's it's very easy to continue spinning your wheels. So the reason why the USGA says for the age gap of 55 to 80, these golfers do two things.

Every 3 years, they get 3 or 4 shots worse or they get stuck. Okay? We punch that in the face. Okay? So what we need to do with you is understand your swinging and get that sequencing done, and once we do, we're gonna take a nice little break for lunch, and but after lunch, where do you think we're gonna take you? To the driving range? Wrong to the golf course? **** right. Why are we taking you to the golf course? Well, that's where it's all played. Exactly. You ever heard of player a, player b? You know what that means? Sure. I don't want player b to come out on the golf course. I one, player a in both areas.

So I want that confidence to be proven on the on the driving range and the practice. So I want you to feel those things moving, then when you get on the golf course, I need you to understand that you can have that confidence on the golf course again. So from all situations in is struggling, get dialed in. We're gonna have a great time. Okay? From all situations that you struggle and have a world class guy over your shoulder making sure we're doing things correctly and effectively. From your driver to your 2nd shot, to fine tuning some of those areas, either short game where you struggle, we just wanna make sure it gets dialed in. Okay? Yeah. Rinse and repeat, rinse and repeat.

This whole process, we're recording your swings. We're recording everything, and what we're also doing, as I asked you the question before, you ever been given a customized practice plan. No. Most people haven't. That's a big shortage. That's why we put these avenues together in the first place. We realized there was a shortage of consistent long term avenues for golfers that are not 30 years old to truly get their game back together and keep them there. Okay? Yeah. So throughout the whole golf school, what I'm trying to get is we're starting to develop this practice plan for you. We're taking detailed notes. Okay? But I'm gonna I'm about about to get to phase phase 3 here in a second.

But the golf school so far, how does it sound? Sounds great. Okay. We're gonna rinse and repeat that process for a couple days. On course each afternoon, rotating stations, working on your long game, your short game, working on bunker play, things like that. If you don't if you're the best bunker player in the world, we're not gonna touch the bunker. We'll put you in another rotating station. Okay? But we're Neonta we're gonna essentially try to work on all elements of the game that you struggle with, but we need to get that swing confidence down first. Get that repeatability going, fine tune those other areas. Gain those confidence in those areas. Rinse and repeat, rinse and repeat, rinse and repeat, and then you go home.

Right? But then we're not done there. We have a very, very unique follow up process that is geared to really help you guys, obviously, keep what you got and continue driving in more goals from there. But what do you think that follow up process is? Don't tell me. I want you to tell me. I wanna have some bit back and forth down in here. I wanna see how your brain works. So your ideal situation, what do you think would help you most as far as the follow up? Well, I think.

Being able to, you know, get some accountability, making sure that. I'm taking advantage of the program that I just spent some money on and that I'm staying at it. You know, accountability is a huge thing. You know, it's like going to the gym. If I say I'm gonna go to the gym and I'm not accountable to anybody, I may not make it to the gym. Right. So how about this to amplify that? You're gonna have that accountability because one, on one, here's what we always hear. When we get our swing together, especially golfers like yourself, you're not a 30 handicapper. You're not a 20 handicapper. You're a pretty dang good golfer. Okay? You're within the 10 percent of golfers that play this game in the 1st place.

Let's be honest. Getting into the eighties, seventies is very good golf. Okay? But, obviously, we wanna keep you there. We wanna get you back from that level, if not better. Okay? So what I'm trying to get at is there's gonna be some times when you get back from this golf school where you might not be late for a couple weeks, where you have a trip plan, you got family, you got a trip, you got other hobbies going on. Golf is not gonna be your life. You said it before. Okay? The common theme, what we're hearing with a lot of golfers is life does happen. Stuff does happen. Some old bad habits can't come out when you don't have a follow up and you don't and you don't have something to keep you supported.

So, essentially, the people that you work with, they're coming home with you. They're staying in your spare they're staying in your spare room. They're going to the golf course with you. Obviously, they can't do that, but we're gonna give you the next best thing. If you were on the Zoom with me, I'd be able to show you on my phone. Alright? But virtually, you work directly with the coaches that help you get there in the 1st place for a full year after, anytime you need them. Send a video of your swing. Ask general questions. Alright? You actually have the ability to set up live lessons too. We set up 3 to 4 throughout that full year where you can know they throw your headphones in, go to the driving range, go in your front yard, go in your garage, wherever you can hit some golf balls.

Okay? You get access to that. But these guys know this thing better than you. I don't need you to send in a whole bunch of videos. My most successful golfers will send in about two to 4 videos a month. Okay? Now it doesn't take a long time to do it. I'll walk you through that process. I'm a part of your journey too. I'll meet with you a week after the golf school to make sure you had a great time. Make sure you know to analyze your stuff. Make sure you know how to revert back to all the tools. Make sure you have the performance golf app on your phone. Like I said, I would show you what it looks like, but I can't do it because I'm on the phone with you.

Okay? But, essentially, you're gonna have access to that stuff. For example, you get back from the golf school and then you go on a trip. Alright. You're gone for two weeks. You're not playing much, then you get back and then everything feels great, but your putting's a little off. Alright. You keep on you keep on missing these short foot, you know, 3 to 5 footers on the low side just burning the edge, and you're unsure why. You feel like you're doing everything correctly. You send in a couple putts, alright, of what you're doing, and we'll analyze it, and we'll say, hey. You're doing everything right except your alignment. Your alignment's off. Remember that drill we worked on?

This is what we need you to do. You send the video of your swing and everything's looking great. We're gonna say, guess what? We're not touching the **** thing. Alright. But over the next week, I think you can work on these two or 3 speed drills that you can do at the house. Okay. That is gonna help you maybe delve a tiny bit more speed that will help you get a tiny bit more distance. Alright? You can work on things like that. Alright, and you get that for a full year. Alright? You think you can use you think you can use that for me? Sure. You kidding me? I probably only have a couple of 5 years of that day, mate.

So I'm gonna take advantage of it. Alright. Yeah. Perfect, and I just wanna make sure, and I'm gonna be a part of that journey for that full year after I'm talking to you as much as you wanna talk to me. You can call me, text me, and we can set up, you know, monthly Zooms. I have a leaderboard of all my scorecards, the before and afters. Okay? People sending me those early scorecard. Like, I'd like to be a part of that as much as possible. Okay? Well, it's for you, and then the last part of this is something in addition that we're gonna give you. You have an Android, right, you said? Yeah. Okay. We developed an app that you're also gonna get access to, I'm gonna download on your performance golf app after the after the golf school.

We created a very user friendly app that's called Swing Fix AI that utilizes 3 d motion catchers specific to your analytics. So if I were to be able to show you on my phone right now, if you're on the Zoom, I'll I'll explain it to you. Alright? I'm sure you'll make sense of it. So we create an app called Swingfx AI. It's on your platform. Utilize this 3 d motion. So at the golf school, we establish that your pelvic rotation is your core root fall, per your example. With this app, you can actually pick what club you're hitting. Driver, wood, 3 wood, hybrid, longer irons, mid irons, all the way down to the wedge. You pick what club you're swinging.

You can literally do in your living room having a golf ball. You know, if your wife help you, you can set your phone up on a water bottle, a stand, whatever it is. She has 10 minutes in between to help you out. That's all she needs to do with you. Each swing that you take, this app will analyze that swing. If your pelvis is off by 13 percent it'll let you know why you're off by 13. Percent And then the app will show you an instant tip on how to correct that next swing. Alright. So what you can do is give yourself instant feedback. You can send in those same swings to your coach. Let them give you more personalized feedback.

Johnnie, that's it. Alright. We're gonna give you that for a lifetime membership, okay, in addition. Okay. Okay? So that's the whole deal. You come out for a couple days. We do this right. We nip it in the ****. We get the sequence uncomfortable again. Okay? You find that confidence. You start grooving things. You start to get more distance back. The contact, the role, the spin, those things that you are kinda missing out on, you're gonna start to do those more often. Yeah. You'll have some bad shots in between. You're gonna have a lot less bad shots throughout the two days again. Yeah. But welcome to go. Exactly. But by the time you leave, if I were to tell you to look at your swing on recording in the first in the first hour, you'll be able to pinpoint a couple things because you've been around the game long enough.

You've been on simulators. You've seen analytics. You've seen different mechanics. So you might be able to pinpoint a couple things. But if I were to fast forward and ask you that same question on the end of day two, you're gonna be looking at at that golf swing. You're like, wow. I really understand what I'm looking at now. Okay? That's the beauty when you finally understand your timing and your sequencing. Alright? Am I trying to get you to swing like Roy Mcelroy? Am I trying to get you to swing like Dustin Johnson? No. It's not realistic. Want you to swing like you, and I want you to be able to swing until you can't swing no more. Right?

But I want you but I want your swing, and I want you to understand that swing, and then as far as accountability and tools and follow up, you're gonna have everything you need and all the resources, so just make sure you're continuing to move forward. Okay? If you're like a guy by if you're if you're like a guy by the name of Mark Kupferth that I recently worked with, okay, was a 10 handicap, drifted into a 14 post retirement, working on too many different things, paralysis by analysis, too many pieces of conflicting information, some injuries in between, lost some strength, came out to our golf school. We got him back to we got him from an got him from the 14 to the 10, the 10 to an 8.

He went from a 10 to his he went from the 10 to the 8, the 8 to the 5. Now he's coming back for a second golf school because his new goal is to go to scratch. Okay? Yeah. Yeah. He goes out there 5 days a week. He practices 3, 4 days a week. If you wanna do that, maybe he can be a scratch golfer. Alright? But to get you to that 5, I'm very, very comfortable with that 7 or better. Okay? Yeah. Yeah. Based on this program. So cost logistics aside, which we're about to discuss here in a second. Scale from one to 101 you're a nice guy, Justin, but this obviously makes no sense at all.

You're wasting my time. 10 being Justin, you're you're crossing all the t's down the all the I's of what I'm looking for. Sure. I would give you a 10. Okay. Sweet. I never need a 10, but I appreciate you letting me know that you're comfortable with this process. Okay? Sure. So as far as timing is concerned, alright, I'm opening up beyond May, and I'm gonna see what I got, and here's the deal. Out of my 15 coaches, I've eliminated 10 of them. Easy, easy, easy discussion for me, why? You've been around the game a long time, you've analyzed a lot of pieces of information, you've worked with a couple different pros and you're a student of the game in one way or another, if you don't even if you don't realize.

You know this game a lot better than a lot of people. Alright? So when it comes to positions and mechanics, I feel like you understand those things. But I think we've clogged our brain up with, you know, a couple things we don't need to assess anymore. Alright? I need you to feel your swing again. I want you to understand your positions, your mechanics, but but I want you to feel it. You have two types of coaches you can work with. You have field coaches and you have mechanical golf coaches. I got 5 mechanical mechanical, I got 5 field, but I also have 5 hybrid. They're heavily trained in both areas. Heavily trained in positions and mechanics, but more so heavily trained in field.

Alright. So I would set you up with one, of those 5 guys to help you truly get to where you need to be. Okay? Am I on the left? Am I on the right wavelength as far as a hybrid coach? Does that make sense? Perfect. Okay. So set you up with one, of those 5 guys. Okay? So as far as timing is concerned, I'm opening up some options in May just to see what I have, and then we'll discuss the cost and you know, see if we can find a date for you.

Alright.

Alrighty. So so to come out to one of these golf schools, and by default, you're a PG member. Okay? Yeah. You you you had a conversation with my team. You went through the survey. You spent time with them. You spent time with me. You had the patience. You crossed all the boxes. We treat you as a performance golf member by default. Right? So you get a you get a discount as a performance golf member. But but to come out to one of these events, if you had to fly somewhere, we don't cover whole we don't cover, flight. We do have hotel funders and things like that if you did need to stay in a hotel. Alright? But we don't cover hotel either.

We'll cover basic things like your breakfast and lunch, and we'll cover everything else in addition with the golf school. All the coaching, unlimited access to that coaching, the swing app, all that is included. The customized practice plans, the videos, everything that you're taking home with you, that's all part of it. Alright? So to come out for non PG, it's 6, but it's 5 for our performance golf member. Okay? It's a full 1,000 dollars discount, and that includes everything I mentioned. Okay? Thank you, Pete. Alright? Yeah. So but at the same time, I also have one, 3 day option that we do run. It's in Savannah, Georgia. Alright? That could be an option. It's only a 300 dollars difference in pricing.

So 5 compared to 53. Okay? As far as pricing, if one of those dates were because I know you mentioned Savannah. Okay? But if we're talking about May and on, if you had your choice to go to and I'm gonna give some cool areas. Savannah, Georgia between May. June. Alright? I have a couple options there. You had your choice to go to Lake Geneva, Wisconsin. Alright? Very nice place to be if you've never been there. Alright. Between May June, it's an absolute gorgeous place to be, somewhere new. Right. Okay? Yeah. That'd be a really cool option. Alright. Savannah's with a golf coach by the name of Angie Rice. Okay. He's number you know, I'm sure you're familiar with Angie Rice.

The golf coach I work with in, in Wisconsin, his name is Martin Chuck. He's the number 7 golf coach in the country. Alright? Those are my first two options. Outside of that Where's the lake what? Lake Geneva. Geneva. Okay. In Wisconsin. Yep. Okay. I love Savannah. Okay. Anyway So here's what I'm gonna offer. Alright? I only want I'm only gonna send you over two guys. It's gonna be in so I have other cool options, but I want the best option. Okay? I'm gonna send you to one, of my 3 days with Andrew Rice and Savannah, or I'm gonna send you to your Angie, Wisconsin with Martin Chuck. Either of those two guys would be an awesome fit.

Okay? Question. Can you try is your Internet back on by chance? Is your Wi Fi working? See if it's working because I typically on the Zoom, I have to I wanna show you some things that you're gonna have access to, and I'll Yeah, and I'll show you specifically working. Okay. Do me a favor. Try to hop back on the Zoom. Okay? Hop on the Zoom for me so I can show you this last part. Okay? Right. Hold on. Take your time. Don't don't run for me. Alright? But I wanna see if we can get back on the Zoom so I can show you this next part. Yeah. Well, I know you probably got another client coming up. Yeah. I got I got one, in 17 minutes. I'm fine. Okay. I just wanna make sure I can show you what you have coming to you so you should fully understand.

Alright.

****. Come on. Take your time. No Internet. No. I don't I'm gonna have to go reboot it all. Okay. I got you. So sorry about that. Yeah. Okay. So. I'll give you an idea. So when you go work with Andrew, you go work with Martin, like I told you, you have so we also and when you go to one of these golf schools with these guys, there are only two coaches that utilize something different when it comes to the recording of all the stuff at the golf school. So they use an app called Coachnow. Alright. Coachnow, every single swing, every single thing that you do, okay, is gonna be recorded on this app. You can always revert back to these things, and directly through that application, you're also gonna have access to send your videos directly back to who?

Either Andrew or Martin, whoever guy that you work with. They are your direct coach. Okay? Okay. When I say these guys are the best and the best, my two coaches are Andrew and Martin. Okay? Those are the guys that I work with. Those are the guys I still work virtually. They live in different states. I don't even have to work with those guys in person anymore. The reason why, I can work with them virtually. If I were able to show you what I what we can cable doing, I can I I can always show you after, right, if we need to? Alright? If you once you get rebooted and everything. So literally Yeah. What this app does is if you don't treat these guys like a gym membership I've sent guys to each of these golf clinics, alright, 3, 4 years ago, and they still send videos to these guys, and they still get back to you.

Andrew's the number 20 golf coach in the country. Martin's the number 7 golf coach in the country. Imagine having those guys in your back pocket anytime you need them. Priceless. Okay? Yeah. One, of those two guys I would love to send you to, you can't go wrong with either. Okay? As far as Savannah is concerned, I'm on my last spot for May 5 through 7, but I have more than a couple spots left for June 2nd through 4th, just in case. My suggestion would probably be to give yourself that extra month just in case. Okay? If you wanna go to Savannah. Alright? But that'd be a Monday through Wednesday. That's on June 2nd through 4th. Those are that's our 3 day event for 53.

Okay? But there's 5 with Martin Chuck and are you familiar with Martin Chuck or Andrew by chance? Do you know who these guys are? I do. I just know the name. I know Andrew's name. Yeah. You don't know Martin's name? Wow. No. Nickname is the people's coach. Alright? Didn't give him the nickname to himself. He's all over. Alright. Either of those guys, trust me, you saw Martin, but, yeah, I know Martin. We call him uncle Marty. Alright. Leave it at that. He loves loves what he does. Alright? So alright. So. I from between May, June, July, August, September, I have some dates over there as well. Okay? So but my question for you is based on our conversation.

I know we covered a lot. Is this the right fit for you? Yeah. That's it seems like it is. It's reasonable price. I'd love to go to Savannah or I love Wisconsin. In fact, I was talking about taking a trip with my well, there used to be 4 of us, but already passed away. Going to Wisconsin and then Chicago because we love big cities, so we were gonna try to go to Kohler and maybe hit, Chicago for culinary and craziness. So you tell me where you wanna go? Yeah. I I think. Obviously, I you know, either one. I mean, I'm actually gonna talk to Matthew and Jeffrey to see if they wanna come. Okay. See if they wanna join me.

Okay, and so, I mean, you know, I know spots are filling up, but, you know, either one would be great. Okay. Probably probably Wisconsin. Okay. That's what I'm kinda leaning towards. Alright? Go somewhere different. Alright? Yeah, and honestly, I think the two day would be a perfect fit for you. Okay? The two day? I think the two day would be the perfect fit. Okay? Alright, and you're gonna love Martin. Okay? So What's what's his name again there? Martin Chuck. Martin Chuck. Trust me. You know him. The fat that's ACAUTK Yep. Easy. Okay. Awesome. He's been coaching forever. I wish I could show you on my phone what I'm talking about, but literally, he's one of my personal coaches.

I send him a I send him a couple swings a week. He not only sends me a a personalized video, he also sends me, you know, little messages throughout the way. Hey, Justin working on this. You know? He's always there. Okay? Literally during the school. I saw I saw you on your website. I saw him. You guys got led better and Yeah. All all all these guys are on a whole different level. Okay? When you work with these guys in person and you guys have and you have access to these guys in your back pocket, trust me. I know we're not the chief of salt, but there's a reason why we charge what we charge. We get results.

We're very good at getting results, and we give you the best process to keep you there once we get you there. Okay, and and that's why we that's why we do what we do. So here's the deal. I say we get you to Wisconsin. Okay? But you potentially wanna talk to a couple buddies, see if they'd wanna join you. Is that is that where we're at? Yeah. Yeah. IIII will come by myself anyway. Okay, and you know, so I'm not not this is not dependent on them coming. Okay. Perfect. So this is what we can do. Let's look to get you in June. Okay? Because I have more availability for more than one, spot in June. In worst case scenario, they don't wanna join you, and you decide you wanna come to a earlier date in May by me locking you in for a spot.

I can move you to one of the earlier date earlier May spots if I need, you know, within the next, you know, within the next week if I need to to move you one of the earlier dates. But, honestly, I within the next one, if I need to to move you one of the earlier dates. But honestly, I think it kinda makes sense with everything going on. If the doctor says, May, why don't you get out there for a little bit, play a couple rounds, okay, get loose a little bit, and then you know, by the time the school ends, you could really hit the ground running in the best way possible. You think Yeah. I think I do you think you agree with that?

Yeah. That makes that that makes sense. I think the extra month would you know, it it takes a while to clear all this **** out of your system anyway. But, oh, there. I used that term again. I'm. I'm loving it. I'm loving it. Alright? I'll I'll give you I'll give you guys in the room. There you go. I'll give you a quick quick funny story. It's 20 seconds. Yesterday, I had a call. I'm on the call and then I did not read the room. We're passionate. We're going back and forth, and I'm like and we get to the tail end of it, and we're having a good back and forth, and just I I just went off, and I just started going like this and that, and I'm like, I can't wait to be kicking some freaking *** with you and this and that.

We're gonna be doing this. Remember that, and then I didn't read the room. I see a little swear jar, okay, on the desk. He has his he's watching his grandchildren that week, and they had just walked in the door, and I didn't realize why he put his thing on mute, and then he gets on. He's like and then you have you ever seen happy Gilmore where Chi Chi Rodriguez shakes his head? It was one of those, and I was like, I'm so sorry. It was one of those moments. Alright? But but this is what I think we should do. Alright? I have June 17th 18th or June 19th 20th. I think between May June, those are the nicest times to be in Wisconsin.

Okay? Any any other part of the year, I'm not a huge fan, but between May June, it's absolutely gorgeous. You let me know which day between June 17th 18th works. So June one, 18th, June one 20. Alright, and what I can do is I can connect you and get you locked in for one of those spots. I can hold in two additional spots. Talk to your friends over the week and see if they'd wanna join you. I'll send you, you know, everything that you need from beginning to finish, and if we're all good for yourself, we'll settle that next week. If they're gonna join you, we'll settle them. Okay? But at least we can get you we can we can at least get you locked in.

So the next steps from here are extremely simple, Pat. I wanna set you up as a performance golf member. Alright? So I have your first name, last name, I have your email address, but what I would need to do is go ahead and get you locked in for the spot. But looking at your schedule, which one do you think would be more feasible? Would it be the Tuesday, Wednesday, or the Thursday, Friday? Either one. I know what it's like, you know, with mosquitoes and cicadas and things, so the earlier June. I mean, I don't know that two days is gonna make a big difference, but say June 17th or 18th. Yeah. Let me just Johnnie my calendar. Yeah. Take your time. Take your time. Hold on. Yeah. You're fine. I'll send it back to say June.

Thursday.

Juneteenth. Yeah. No. I got nothing going on. So let's say 17 18. Okay. Perfect. Wait a minute. Where'd you go? I'm I'm right here. You just paused it. Yeah. Hold on. Let's see. What's that? Where are you, baby? Yeah. Where are you? Where in Whatsapp? Where we at? One, we at? Gotcha, and I'm just I have a I have a meeting with my intern right after this. I could be 5 minutes late. It's not a big deal. I'm just letting him know.

Alright. So June 17th. That works the best. Okay. Perfect. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna remove 3 spots for you just to hold while you, you know, talk to your buddies over the weekend, see if they'd wanna join you. Okay, and what I'm gonna do here so the next steps from here, extremely simple. I'm gonna go ahead and lock in for the spot. Okay? I wanna get you set up with a performance golf account. The reason why, I want you to get acclimated with our user interface. So you're gonna get a username and a password and a separate email to sign in to perform to perform performance golf. You can download the app. You can download the desktop.

Desktop version. I'm gonna hook you up some things on your account just to play around with so you could just understand how to use our app. It's very user friendly. Alright. From there, I would need to get the investment taken care of. So I would need to get a credit card from you. Okay? I'll take the credit card. I'll go ahead and then send it over to my onboarding team so they can go ahead and process, get everything situated. You're gonna be getting that directly from Jackie Ramos. She's your VIP concierge. She's an extension of me. She's gonna send you the official PDF, the official itinerary. You're going 8 to 5 for the two full days. Everything that you know beginning to finish.

Alright. Hotel, all that. Martin is gonna shoot you a text message tonight to say hello, thoroughly introduce himself. Give him a call tomorrow if you need to, he's excited to work with you. He wants to make sure you have all the information you need. Alright? I'm already gonna I'm already I'm already I'm I'm gonna send him this recording of the call because he listens to all recordings, and he's gonna he's gonna take you under as a passion project. I'll tell you that much. Okay? He enjoys working with golfers that are on your level that wanna really get back. Okay? Because you have all the ingredients, and you can really pick up some some some things that some guys won't be able to, alright?

So he's gonna really he's gonna really make sure he takes care of you. Alright, and all I need to from you is to get the credit card. Alright? I'm ready for you whenever you are. Okay. American Express. Okay? Yep. I'm ready. Go ahead. 37 37. Yep. 461905. 461905, you said? Yep. Okay. 34,005 37 37 461 905 34,000 and 5.

Correct? Correct. Expiration? 12/29. Okay. Perfect, and what's the, 4 digit?

36 26. 36 26. Okay. Perfect, and if you bear with me for a couple minutes, what I'm doing right now is I'm getting all this situated on my end. Okay, and then I appreciate your patience. I'm gonna be silent for about 3 minutes. Okay? Because because I'm a horrible multitasker.

Alright. Yeah. Yeah. So if you need something to to go take care, I'm gonna take care of it. I'm just gonna get this situated on my Yeah. I'm gonna reboot. Hey, Gracie. I'm gonna reboot this Yeah. Take care of your time. Absolutely, and when you get it rebooted, you have my number, you shoot me a text, and then tomorrow at some point, I'll hop on a quick, Zoom with you so I can show you, some of those apps I was talking about just so you can, you know, really get excited for this thing. Alright?

What is the hold on one second. What is your billing address? One.

Vintage Court. Just like it's spelled, Vintage Court? Yeah. Okay. VIN like in Nancy, t a g e, Court Petaluma. How do I spell e p like in Peter, e, t like in Tom, AL u, m like in Mary, a california? 9, yeah, 94954.

94954. Okay. So what I'm doing right now is I'm sending this over to Jackie. Alright? Be on the lookout for your MXI might shoot you an authorization. Alright? But once that is processed, it's an automated sequence. You'll have the onboarding email there shortly after. But let me just do this.

You think by next week, you might have an answer for your buddies potentially? Yeah. In fact, one of them called while I was talking to you. So. K. Cool. Have to call them back. Perfect. Alright, and like I said, you have a you have a spot held for your two buddies for the date in the meantime over the weekend if they wanna join you. Alright? So I'm sending it over to Jackie. Right.

Let's see what they say. Alright. So just bear with me for one, minute, and the second that goes through, we'll, we'll we'll get it all going from there. Okay, and by the way, I forgot to ask. What are your two buddies' names just so I can attach two names to the hold just in case?

Can you hear me?

You're breaking up.

Yeah. The connection And Jeffrey? I got Jeffrey. Okay. Oh, yeah. Jeffrey, and what was I just need I just need first I just need the first name. Okay. Jeffrey and Matthew. Perfect. Okay. Awesome. So I'm gonna attach two those two names next to the hold for you. Okay, and if they want by the way, if, if you get some positive, feedback and they wanna join you, give me a call. Alright? You can introduce you can introduce me via text. You have my phone number. I'm gonna give it to you now. Do you have a pen? Yeah. Let me, let me yeah. I do. Go ahead. So the so the one you're talking to me on now, the one number, that's my personal mobile. That's 561 990 88 99.

I also have a work mobile, which is 754 254 8916.

Okay. Last name is Jaffe. Right? Yep. That is my that's my first name and last name. Okay? JV. JV. JV. I do. I do. Alright. So we're all set. Everything went through just fine. Jackie is putting together the, email. You'll have it in your inbox in the next 20 minutes. Alright. Expect a call and text from Martin. Yes. That is the real Martin, Chuck. Alright. Answer his text. He looks forward to it. Okay, and if you wanna set up a call with him, he's more than willing to talk to you and you know, just, get you get you excited for this thing. But you got a you got a little road ahead of you. Alright? Keep your head up.

Keep doing what you're doing. Alright? In the meantime, you have my number. We'll talk early next week. Okay? But if any questions do pop up, just feel free to give me a call. Okay? You have my information. If I have some questions that can go via email, you got 17 people that are on that email you're gonna get here shortly. Somebody will answer you back very quickly if I'm if I'm on a meeting or something for a couple minutes. Okay? Cool. Thanks, Justin. I'm looking forward to working with you. Alright. I know we had a long conversation. Appreciate your patience with it, but we're gonna be kicking some **** together. You and hopefully your buddies are gonna be in the best hands possible with Martin Chuk.

Okay? Great. Alright. I've worked with him for 6 years personally with my own game. He's very good. Okay. You're gonna be in great hands. Okay? Good. Thanks. Alright. It was a pleasure meeting you, and I'm looking forward to working with you. Alright? My pleasure. My pleasure. Alright. Bye, man. Okay.

