# Transcript

---


**Speaker 2:**

Lynn, can you hear me okay?


**Speaker 0:**

Can you hear me okay, Lynn? Good morning. How are you? Hello. Can you I can't hear you. You can't hear me?

Can you hear me? Yeah. I I can hear you.

What.


**Speaker 2:**

Give me one second.


**Speaker 0:**

What what video are you referring to? Your your camera. I can't hear I can't hear anything you're saying, so I'm reading lips.


**Speaker 2:**

Alright. Give me one second. I'm gonna give you a phone call.


**Speaker 0:**

Go ahead and call me. Give me one moment. We're gonna give you a phone call.

Okay. I can I've got your call here. You're on? Oh, yeah? Yeah. Hey. It's actually Rash from Performance Club. I'm helping Mickey out. He said that you're not on camera, and he can't hear you. Are you still on Zoom right now? Yeah. I can see him perfectly. I can't hear a thing he's saying, but I can't. I can't see him. According to what he's what he told me is he could hear me. I I couldn't hear him. I've got.

So I'm clicking down there where it says video, start video, and I'm. I'm hitting it, but it's still got a line through it. I have no idea why. I'm sorry? Are you using your phone? Are you using your phone? No. I'm on my laptop. Your iO laptop. Okay. Alright. So when you click on the video icon, is there any message that pops up? Yeah. It says it just popped up. It says can't, cannot start video. I what's that about? Okay. So that means that your webcam is inactive. Do you have a camera on this laptop? Oh, yes. Absolutely. Okay. Alright. Yeah. So what happens when you click on video? It just says it cannot start. Right? Right.

Now The audio say it the audio says fine. It it's got no line through it. Let's see it. Yeah. Mickey can act yeah. Mickey can't hear you, actually. Okay. Let's see. We're all set with that. Mickey can't hear you. Can you hear me okay, Lynn? Okay. It says select a camera integrated. It's set it's set to integrated camera right now.

Well, it's already checked off. So yeah. Video you. Okay. I clicked on it, but it, it still goes through with a line through it. Okay. Let's try that again. Just click on it again. Let me know when you're on that window and let's stop there. Okay? Okay. I'm on the window. Right now it says select a camera. I'm saying integrated camera. Integrated camera. Now what are the options that you can click on there? Well, they've got adjust background and effects, choose video filter, choose avatar, video settings. At the bottom, does it say okay, or anything like that? No. The only thing it does is it has, as I said, a check mark under integrated camera. If I I don't know. If I hit if I click on video settings.

That brings up video. Try to touch up your appearance always. Once I'm gonna test integrated camera, can can you click on that bar? Let me know what you see.

Integrated camera. The one with the check mark on it. Yeah. No. I know what you're talking about. Yeah. Okay. Is that a drop down that you can click on? No. I check I I, what I did when I when I clicked on it, it just, went back to what I had, with and still has a bar through video. Okay. Now can you click on that? Can you click on that icon and let me know what happens? The one with the bar across? If I click on the bar if I click on the icon, nothing happens. If I click on the arrow right next to it, it's got an up it's got an up or down arrow. If I click on that arrow, it brings up select a camera.

So. I and under that select a camera, it says integrated camera. It says adjust background and effects, choose video filter, choose avatar. What? Can you click on the one that says integrated camera? Just click on integrated camera and then let me know what happens. I I already have. It goes back to the camera itself with a line through it, and it's and it's and and if I and if I click on the bring up bar, it comes back up and there's a check mark next to integrated camera. If I, if I read down these things, the one. I thought would possibly do something is this video settings. Choose avatar, I don't know what that means, but choose video filter, I haven't clicked on that one yet.

Adjust background and effects, I haven't clicked on that one either. Okay, and we don't need background and effects. I didn't think so. You need to restart the camera. Yep. So. I don't I don't know how to start this camera as you're as you're stating here. The only thing as I said, integrated camera is checked off, and under video settings, I haven't, you know, I haven't clicked on that one. If I click on that one, it says it's got video as highlighted with a camera.

So.


**Speaker 2:**

Yeah. Lynn, can you hear me okay? An issue.


**Speaker 0:**

With the computer settings, and we might need to adjust that. Oh, okay. Right now, though, looks like there won't be enough time for you to go through the call with Nikki, and we might need to reschedule this call. When are you available again to reschedule?

I'm sorry, but it it I'm extremely booked while I'm down here. Probably the earliest. I've got to talk at all would probably be next week. Let me take a look at my schedule.

Here.

Yeah. Yeah. The earliest.

Is is the 19th.

19th. One time? You'll be available around the same time?

Yeah. I'll make myself available around the same time. Okay. Alright. So let's just reschedule on 19th, and I'll call you 15 minutes before that we we can set up soon. Okay? Okay. You know, I downloaded this. I use other packets, but I downloaded this one that you, you know, when it came down and I tried to click on setting it up, it said, I needed the software added. So I added the software. So I don't know whether that, that caused a problem or not. But That's okay. I'll call you 15 minutes before, your scheduled call for next week. That way we can set that up and I can make sure you're connected with me. Okay? Okay. So that's on 19th at 8 o'clock. Yep. On 19th at 8 o'clock. Alright. Sorry, Mickey. Alright. It's okay. No worries. We'll talk soon. Together. Thank you for your time. Okay? Take care. Bye. Alright. You too. Bye.

