# Transcript

---


**Speaker 0:**

Turn the volume up on my phone just so the volume can get through the Zoom a little bit better. Okay. Perfect. So the purpose of the conversation is I wanna spend a couple minutes. We're just gonna do some rapid fire questions, get a better understanding of Chris' game, get a better understanding of your game. You know, we'll kinda get a whole elevator version of it. I'll I'll figure out what your pain points are and what you guys tried and haven't tried. Because the core goal, end of conversation. We're gonna talk about a golf school, obviously, but I wanna align the best fit. I work with some really great golf coaches, but doesn't mean every single golf coach is a good fit for the golfer and vice versa.

So based on our conversations, it's all about aligning the best that I can. Sound fair enough? K. Okay. Sounds good. Awesome. So when it comes to Chris' game, I'm gonna read some of the notes provided. 23 years old. He's been playing since he was a little kid. He's shooting some great golf, lower single digit, shooting mid seventies. I would imagine he flows between probably, like, a two and a 5 handicap. Is that correct? I I don't know. I I I don't know what his handicap is, and I don't know who's ever called anybody exactly what his handicap is. But I know who golfs in that range. So if he's shooting a if he's shooting mid seventies, he's typically probably floating between a two and a 5 handicap.

Okay? I would I would imagine. Okay? But that's very respectable golf. His his aspirations, his dreams is to, you know, be a golf pro. Obviously, he has the support of you, which is amazing. That's that's always half the battle. Obviously, the hard work drive, everything else in between, you know, that's that's part of it too. Sounds as though he's taken some lessons previously. He played some junior golf, junior PGA, high school golf team, and that's what I have here as far as his his foundation. Okay? But when it comes to yourself, what do you typically shoot? What do your scores look like? Oh, man. I I do. Probably, I don't think I I honestly I honestly don't ever think I've.

I've broken 100. You know? I just I I'm a weekend golfer. You know? III go just to hang out with the guys and and you know, smoke cigar and and stuff, and that that's how I started when I when I started with the Ferris office. A lot of my buddies, they they what do you call it? They drove last year, and that's how I took care of it. So all my bad what do you call it? The stuff that I have is because of my buddies. Like, oh, you need to do this, and you need to do that. So, you know, I I will never b**** it. I said, let's try it over. But, hey. I'm gonna oh, do you wanna you know?

Yeah. I wanna share a little bit. Okay. No problem. Hey, Okay. Just say hi. Alright. Hi. Hey. Who's Who is that? Is that your son? No. No. It's one of my friends. He's he's. I think he works for one of the university where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where I go. Gotcha. Cool. But but it's always my best. I've done a lot of that. Problems. Bad habits. He's like, well, it's you know, my I had, like, 30 years of of just my buddy's telling me I need to do this. But kinda helped me a little bit was when I started getting Christopher his private lessons. I I was listening to what the coaches were telling him, and I would start applying it to my game, you know, and stuff like that.

So I think one of Pittsburgh's biggest problems is that every a lot of the Gong head coach. I'm trying to remember the name of his last private coach. He played on a PGA tour. He's a a graduate of. Texas. A&M, and it's a wrong number's name, but he's an older guy. Anyway, so he he said Kritcher has a really beautiful swing. Okay. I think I think Kritcher's problem is is the yeah. Number one, it it his mind game. Okay. Once he gets once he gets frustrated, it's out the window from there. Alright. So his mental remember it. The mental part of it is not there right now. Okay. Right. I I remember the last tournament that he really played in competitively was his senior in high school. Okay. The team was was going for the for the championship.

And he hit a bad shot, and instead of playing it smart and getting it back out on the green, you know, he tried to hit it between some trees, and his mind game went downhill from then on. I he got very frustrated, and I could just see it. You know, and at at 1., I used to it's funny because I used to walk with him during his tournaments when he was smaller. But as he got older, he would rather I stayed in the clubhouse and not follow him because he would say that I could see he could feel my face, you know, which would which would bother him and and then then he would go downhill.

So, I mean, I think the big part of it is his mind the mindset, and then and then also his, like, short game. Short game is where? Yeah. He's gotta be for drive. I just you know, the short game is is what killed him a lot of times. Okay, and with the lessons that he's taken, has he ever had, like, an on course playing lesson before, like, on course instruction? Like, get on the golf course with the pro, or has it mostly been, like, in the practice area? They've always been they've always just been off the tee, you know, or the step of section where they're working on the swing there. It's never been on a on a course at all.

Okay, and with the coaches that he's worked with, you know, for example, he worked for the golf coach. You know? How or or how consistently is he getting lessons right now? That's a better question. Right now, he's not. Right. The last time he the last time he got in private lessons was, I guess, during his high school years. Okay. After graduating high school, we were trying to get him into AAA college softball. That's what he really wanted. He wanted me to but we went and visited Texas Tech, and the coach told him and I don't know I don't know you know, I don't know anything about dogs. I don't know what dogs. So I don't know how the whole system works.

Yeah. But but the golf coach at Texas Tech told him that they should've been working on this the senior year, not his senior year, and that they already have all the play he played. But then if he was gonna be playing at a college level, he needed to be in the in the high the mid sixties, Dalton at the d one level, and Christopher, at that time, was nowhere near that, and you know, he's doing high 70. At that time was, you know, high seventies, low eighties. So he he never got into a, you know, play golf at a at a at a solid level. I'm kinda hoping, personally, I'm kinda hoping Dashboard approve that this would happen.

That way he could maybe look back about going to college. Because he was going to one of the universities here for a a golf management degree, and he did a year and a half, and the when he came back from Christmas break, they got rid of his golf management program, and we're gonna put him in sports management. Well, he lost a a golf scholarship, Billy had gotten for that program, and the cost was gonna be 15,000 dollars for the degree for sports management, and it was a private school, another university. But if one went to public, it was gonna be 15,000. So when one started moving him to the public school, they didn't accept any of the of the credits that he got at the private school, and they That's that's annoying, especially when he's not trying to encompass everything sports related.

He's really focusing on golf. That's that's gotta be a punch to the face, and I'm sure Yeah, and then he's like, I'm done with I'm done with school. You know, and he never went back. So I'm trying to hope I'm hoping that this might move in the direction to that. He's he's a good kid. He he coaches those back, and he cultures the the middle school. Cool. One his at his old school, his old middle school, and I mean, the kids love him. You know? He's good at teaching. You know? So I I was kinda hoping to go back to school, get a degree, and maybe start off at a high school level as a as a coach, head coach, and then move up to a collegiate level as a as a golf coach.

I mean, he wants to be someone in the golf industry. It it doesn't matter if he's playing professionally or just working in it professionally. He's open minded to just doing something golf related, and your hope is having this conversation with me, setting him up with, you know, obviously, one of the best golf coaches in the world to understand what good golf coaching entails and what it kinda looks like and how to get that foundation built and obviously improve his game on top of it. It sounds like a win win situation. If you can join him too, you know, that would help your game immensely, and you guys could play better golf together. You don't have to just, you know, you know, go out there weekend warrior type of a deal.

You can actually weekend weekend warrior and play some good golf on top of it. You know what I mean, and and this is, like, kind of, like, I hope to sounds though reinvigorate his golf, you know, his golf passion again. You know? Because I, you know, I play the you know, my sport, I play golf, don't get me wrong, very competitively. I'm a great golfer. I'm a lower single digit. I'm an athlete in general. I played all the sports, but I excelled in baseball. Okay? I really excelled in baseball. I wanted to play college baseball. My sophomore year, I had a serious knee injury. Okay? To where every ligament in my left knee. Alright? After already tearing my ACL and my right knee coming back from that, I tore my my my meniscus, my ACL, the the whole deal, MCL, p whole ordeal.

Came back, got myself healthy, wanted to wanted to try to walk on, and then we had a very similar situation, you know, where we kinda had the team built. You know what I mean? Like, you know, you the there's the, you know, the summer league and there's this, and we get to look at you and you know, maybe you try the community level, community college level play for our event. It was just like I kinda got unmotivated. Kinda not not necessarily unmotivated, but it was almost like a gut punch on some level. Right, and that's what it was to him. You know what I mean, and Yeah, and it gets in your head a little bit. Am I good enough on top of it?

You know, like, I know I'm good enough, but these guys aren't seeing that right now, but there's a process. Okay? There's a process when it comes to playing, you know, on that type of a level, and you know, the other kids have to kind of abide by that and you know, they expect the same, and every once in a while, you can kinda slip through the cracks and you know, go about it in a different way, but, you know, it is what it is. So I can tell that's part of it too. So his end goal is obviously to get his game to a very respectable lower single digit. Okay? Very respectable lower single digit with the with the aspirations of eventually getting the scratch.

But, obviously, understanding great coaching, helping him build his foundation of what a good a good golf coach kinda looks like, what they do, how they how they explain different things to, you know, players. Because what's so important when it comes to golf instruction is not just the why of why we're doing something. It's more so the how. Okay? Right. Alright? How is that golfer in a very custom tailored, not a one size fits all type of a way, truly understand why they're doing something but how to actually do it. Okay, and the guys that I work with are the best in the world that do. There's literally 350 coaches in the entire country that get a master designation.

I work with 15 of the guys that make that list. So whether so whether or not Chris comes out by himself or you come with him, you guys do it together, you guys are gonna both be in great hands. These guys have worked with all the big pros that you've seen on TV, Alright? To their true passion, helping golfers surely get better. Amateur golfers, lower single digit golfers with separate, more aggressive goals, we help all golfers of all levels. Okay? Okay. So that's kinda how it is. So thinking about that bigger picture. Obviously, I know the goal when it comes to Chris. Okay? K. Most golfers that have a lower single digit, they're good ball strikers. They they're decent off the tee.

They can always clean up the shorking because that's the difference between where they're at now and getting to that next level. So I have the understanding of what, you know, his game is, and I've helped plenty of golfers just like himself. Alright? But when it comes to your goal, I don't wanna sure side your goal either. Alright? I don't wanna I don't wanna leave. I don't wanna leave Papa out of the equation. You know what I mean? Because if you even have any type of hope of playing some better golf, this is a process that's just gonna really catapult it, make sure you have a great time doing it. So, like, what would be your goal if it made sense to get you there?

Just you know, if anything, it would just be, you know, you know, like I said, we we play for some. We we had a tournament. I just don't wanna look bad. You know? You know, we go play, and I said, I'll I I play play with the guys, you know, a bit. Some of them are better than me. I think they're not. You know? But then I said, my my game is just for fun. You know, I worked a lot, you know, part time jobs, you know, and and but I'm awful lot of it. So I I take take and take and take what I wanna work. Good. But, you know, I I definitely wanna just, you know, not look bad if if I you know, it's not about me.

Yeah. I love the game. I I see so much potential. In fact, when III started coaching the middle school when my son was playing in the middle school, and you know, my biggest fail was that it is such a a good sport for kids because, you know, they're not out there in the you know, Detroit, two contestants playing football in his in his high school year, and if I told him to stop, you're gonna ruin yourself and your body when golf is your is your gift. You know? So Stop playing football and and stuff, and and that was, like, a pitch to the parents. So there's so there's so much scholarships, so much scholarships out there for these kids.

I said, the reality is how many of these kids are going to, say, you know, high school football. After high school football, how many of them go to college? You know, and after college, how many of them are gonna go pro? So the reality is is maybe less than half percent. I said, so, you know, do you really want them, you know, hurting themselves when they they play golf? You know, I'm a big promoter of golf, so that's my I thought my for instance, I said, I just one I just wanna play good golf. You know? I'm not you know, I I just go out there for fun. I need the buddies, and and I wanna make my son look good too.

You know? You know, I wanna be me and I always talk to guys each other. Oh, good. There there it is. Real quick. I like a little I like a little bit of s*** talk. We'll leave it at that, and Yeah. You know, at the end of the day, you know, there's nothing wrong with just going out there to have fun. Would say 80 percent of the golfers that I work with are just wanting to have more fun and you know, compete a little bit more with their buddies, maybe talk a little smack in between. If they have a kid that plays some good golf, they just wanna be able to hold their own a little bit more.

You know what I mean, and have good golf conversations, be able to work on things together. Awesome too. You know what I mean? My goal is to to be a little bit more competitive with my son. Yeah, and then he can tell you things that he sees wrong, and you'll have an understanding of those things now, and then same thing when it comes to him. Alright? Right, and he actually might, you know, I'm sure he listens to you, but, you know, when you actually understand and you're around the whole process I mean, we're not working with for one hour a day. We're we're working with you for 8 hours a day for a couple days in a row.

We're gonna be around each other for quite a bit. We're gonna start understand our swings a little bit better together. Alright, and that's kind of like what happens too at the end of the day is when, you know, somebody like yourself, for example, when you work with a local pro, if you were to go work with a local pro, you've had you've already agreed. We have had a lot of bad habits that we've been just kinda grooving through. We've compensated. You know, we haven't, you know, really dedicated, you know, energy to, you know, find that consistency, which is fine. There's a lot of golfers that, you know, haven't done that. But even if you were to do that, working with a local pro for 45 minutes to an hour sometimes is not long enough to bring the positive muscle memory to work on the right things in between.

Okay, and especially when it comes to your son too. I don't care if he was out there 5 days a week working on his game. One he doesn't have a fine tuned intentional practice plan to get him from where he's at now in order to into that next level, honestly, you talk to anybody. I'm sure he's he's heard himself from some better golfers too to get to where he's at right now, to get to where he wants to be requires fine tuning, not just a couple quick fixes. Okay? Right, and you know, when we're working with you and yeah. Go ahead. Sorry, and I understand, and and better mindset. You know? I know since since high school, and and and and if you have that incident with with the university, you know, it's golf it it mindset has has gone down.

In other words, he's always playing golf, but now that that he's not he he works at golf galaxy. He's a club hitter. Nice. For several of several of the clubs. He got certified. You know, he's a in in his mind, he's not exercising. He's not, you know, stretching. He's not doing all things that he needs to do to get it golfing. You know, there there's AAA female golfer that I that I see on on on on Tiktok. Her name is Gabby, something older. Young girl? Young girl. She's like 16 years old. Yep. Yep. Gabby Douglas. She got she's always talking she's always going in a videotape or exercise anywhere else. She's at the golf course at home.

She's studying. You know? My son, he used to be that way, but after he kinda, I I got zed punch. You know? It kinda, like, well, kinda went by the wayside a little bit. You know? So I'm hoping that, you know, this would would reactivate his mindset. If this if you if if this is where you wanna be, you know, if you wanna go pro, because that was always his his his goal, I'm a 3. I'm a realist. You know, I'm a top. I'm a realist. So I don't I don't at his age right now, I don't see him going pro. He's a great golfer. I mean, he could probably score as as, you know, like, similar golfers, both golfers.

But what I see right now is mindset. You know, you gotta you gotta step it up to that next level, and I don't see that happening for him right now, but I am hoping that this might get him to where, you know, he can maybe go go back to college and get his degree one and and do something with his. Cool. Software. Absolutely. It's a great industry to work in. Okay? It really is. There's so much opportunity with whatever whatever side of the industry he thoughts on, there's a lot of opportunity. Yeah. I mean, in general, I've been consulting in the golf space for 12 years, an array of products and services. I helped build this program from scratch about 5 years ago.

Okay? It's a really unique program. If I were to tell you, honestly, you don't know me for crap, but I've never had any more conviction in a product than I do with this one. Alright? We we we truly get results, and we, you know, I pinch myself that I have the opportunity to work with these guys sometimes. You know? Because, like Right. Yeah. You know, like, I used to watch these guys on TV. I used to watch these guys on the golf channel. I used to follow these guys on Youtube before I became an employee of performance golf. Alright, and the fact that I get to, you know, be in part of this journey last 5 years, these guys do wonders.

Okay? They're damn good, and I've had a I've had a lot of golfers just get that second energy kinda reinvigorated. Alright? That second wind, essentially. Okay, and we'll help you with it. We're gonna help, your son with it, or at least you watch it in person and you know, kinda see how that, you know, transpires. So timing wise, thinking about your son, obviously, he works. Okay? Yeah. I know. Right, and he one part time. It's part time job. It's not a a full time. Okay. So did did did he know we're on this call right now to talk about this? Yes. I I told him about it. Y'all send me a little couple videos, and I I sent it to him, and and he said, yeah.

See something he'd he'd be interested in doing. Okay. The time frame wise, depending on how much this cost, you know, I'll I'll be honest with you. I'm gonna probably to to get this trip done for him, I'm probably going to, you know, to go back and get a loan to to pay for for the thing. But I I think it's something. I wanna give him every opportunity he can have. You know? We did it for my daughter when she went to go to nursing school, and she needs to do a trip, you know, to some other country, you know, to help her with her resumes, get into A and If you have if you have another great A and panel.

Yeah. Yeah. No. I gotcha. No. No. You gotta gotta love the Aggies. Right? Yeah. Aggies. I gotcha. But, you know, and I wanna give my son every opportunity, and if it if it kinda helps him a little bit, you know, it it was well, it wasn't for me. Okay. You know? So. If that's the aspiration, if that's the goal, we're gonna over deliver, especially when it comes to your son. Alright? If you just wanted to get a little energy reinvigorated, that's not my worry. Alright? My my goal is to help him catapult that next wind. Alright? Okay. That's what I want. Alright, and then if that's the goal, we're gonna over deliver, and you know, that's what I'm all about.

Okay? So so would the best time frame be something in the next 3 months, or would this be something that would say I think. I'd like I'd like to slow behind Or something next year? Well, when would be the good weather for him to be out there? Well well, we we run these all over the country. Again, the reason why we had these calls is I wanna make the best recommendation. Okay? Out of my 15 coaches, I've already eliminated half of them that I wouldn't send them to, alright, based on our conversation, based on, you know, your goals on top of it too. But, like, I could definitely work something out for this year. I could definitely work something out for next year, but they're typically set up when it's the nicest weather in those set locations.

Like, if you were gonna do something this year, we're talking about places like Florida or somewhere like Georgia or somewhere like, you know, California or Vegas, somewhere like that. Well, if we're talking next year, earlier part of, like, the springtime, we'll still be talking places like Florida, maybe Arizona, maybe Georgia, maybe Tennessee, you know, maybe something in the Carolinas, you know, something like that essentially is what we'd be talking about. Okay? Are you willing to jump on a plane and go somewhere with with him, whether it's, you know, him doing it by himself or you kinda joining in? Yeah. Either either or either way, I I think I would be traveling with him. Okay. You know, and because definitely I want to be part of this with golfing experience.

You know, and and and because he's actually when he comes home with he goes to play golf, that's the mom almost set probably 30 to a 30 minutes to an hour just talking about the golf game. You know, and how he did and and and how he bring even brings still brings me his sport. You know, to show me sport. So either way, I I would dial in with him. Okay to if if not doing it myself, also just being there. You know? It's like, III remember one time, we were in a tournament, and I said he he had to sit in the in the clubhouse. You know, and the next tournament he was in, and he said, dad, are you gonna go to the tournament?

I said, no. I'll you should have him sit in the in the clubhouse. Why Why do I need to be there? He said, yeah. At least I know you're there. You know? I said, alright, then that that's fine, and I and I would just go and sit in the clubhouse and and wait till he comes across, start the back, you know, the backend, and and he'll give a thumbs up or he'll do, you know, like that. You know? That's that's that's the back and forth. It's the support of dad and the kid that likes that support just in in within reason. I I was the same way when it came to my pops one baseball. He used to be there for everything.

Everything. I remember there a point in time I was going to the next level. I'd always see him. I always knew he cared. I always knew he wanted me to do better, and I would always think about that, and and then they're like, I remember one day too. Like, I was a home run hitter for a good while. Like, I was a bit I'm a big guy. You know? I don't look like that big right now, but at my biggest, I was, you know, I'm I'm one. My largest, I was 270 I was a I was a bigger boy. You know, I can go out there. I can I can hit I can hit some home runs?

I could throw the ball hard. Like, I was a I was AII had this stuff, but there was a good. I remember one season where I had, like, aspirations to break the county home run record. Through the first 6 games, I did not hit a home run. My dad was at every game. I remember telling my mom, like, I just don't want him there. Alright? Like, for one game, like, I wanted to be there, but I don't wanna see him walking around. I don't wanna see him doing this. Like, I just need like, I'm just overthinking it. I remember my first home when I hit after game like, bases loaded, bottom of the 6th. Okay? It was only 6 innings when I was playing at that time.

Alright. It wasn't 7, 8, or 9. It was only 6 innings for, you know, rec, you know, league, and I remember hitting a grand slam. Okay? First home run after 6 games, after popping so many out during practice, thinking I'm about to break the record, hit 22 the season before, 23 was the record. Like, I thought I was gonna hit it. Grand slam, I'm like, s***. First one, my dad's not there. I go to turn the bases. Where's my dad? He was in his car. The ball landed just over his car. He runs out. He's running around the bay. I remember like, oh, man. He saw the whole thing, and like so I understand that aspect of it too.

You know what I mean? There was a Yeah. It is whatever it is. So so it sounds though we can work something out this year. We could potentially work something out next year. It just depends on the location, cost, logistics, that whole deal. Is that kinda where we're at? Okay. Fair enough. Alright. Beautiful. So based on our conversation so far, alright, I wanna send you pretty much there's only two or 3 coaches I'm pretty confident in so far, and we'd be talking about places like Savannah, Georgia, maybe something in Deerfield, maybe something in Florida, something like that, but that's where I'm kinda leaning for so far, or maybe something Okay. Maybe something in the Carolinas as well.

Alright? But let me tell you how school works. Alright? If it makes sense, alright, I can give you some options to kinda sit down, talk to your son about, figure out which one that makes the most sense, whether it's just for him or yourself, and then we can get this over the finish line if it makes sense. Sound good? Okay. Alright. Sounds good. So we run a golf school where whether you guys come out together or your son just joins, whatever it is, alright, you're gonna come out for typically a two or 3 day golf event. 8 hours a day, fun, immersive. These are not boot camps. You're getting a better golfer. The first thing that we're gonna do with every golfer and trust me, we're gonna dedicate plenty of energy, most of the energy when it comes to your son's your son's short game because that's his biggest opportunity.

But we want an overall swing confidence first. I want an understanding of your swing. I want you to understand when a good shot happens and a bad shot happens, what swing flaw to focus on, what flaws to actually focus on, what swing thoughts to focus on. So what we're doing with every golfer is we're gonna do something called a full swing root flaw analysis. What we're trying to accomplish in that time frame is diagnosing effectively what is that most significant flaw in each of your swings that is holding back your timing, your tempo, your rhythm, your flow, just that confidence standing over a golf ball. What is that most significant flaw holding you back? For your son, it's gonna be a very fine tuning type of a thing because he's already got a pretty nice golf swing.

But when you don't know exactly what to focus on, alright, it just just takes one small thing to go off in somebody like him. So we're gonna fine tune and diagnose what is that most significant fall in his swing that's gonna help him get back on a nice rhythm, nice flow, better tempo, better consistency standing over a golf ball with better results. Same when it comes to yourself. Because when it comes to golf, it's very easy to spin your wheels. It's very easy to reinforce bad habits. It's very easy to revert back to old muscle memory, some of the things that you've had from your old lessons, and I would imagine some of that has happened to your son on some level.

Alright? Right. A lot of the old stuff might not work for his swing now. Okay? Right. We just need to we need to, you know, essentially reinvigorate that swing again, but really get to the core of the issue, help you simplify things. Alright? Because when because it's almost like you're when it comes to your golf swing, your golf swing is a car. In most golfers where they start to either plateau or drift or not get to the next goal is their fixed random car parts, but not the transmission. We need to fix your transmission, and once we should fix your transmission, your swing, it's gonna free up, number one. It's gonna help you simplify things. It's gonna help you understand your swing a little bit better at that point in time.

Okay? Okay. We're gonna record his whole experience, your whole experience, beginning to finish, notes, details, drills, everything that you're gonna be able to take home and revert back to after the fact, which is gonna be huge and very beneficial for your progress moving forward. You never have to guess on what you did after the golf school. But something that your son has not had the experience with and you haven't had the experience with is a systematic on course playing lesson as phase two. Okay? Yeah. Alright. So on the golf course, we're gonna get things dialed in. We're gonna play golf with each of you guys each day, whether it's your son, the both of you guys, put you in all situations, and tee to green, and you guys struggle from your driver to your second shot, but more so when it comes to your son short game.

Getting that technique, feeling, confidence dialed in. Short game is all technique, feel, and confidence. The technique is not sound. We don't commit to a golf shot. The technique is not where it needs to be in the 1st place. We decelerate. We chug one. We overaccelerate. We blade one. Essentially, he needs to commit. Okay? We need to get the technique sound for him to commit, and I don't wanna just work on those things in the practice here. I wanna work those issues out on the golf course. Same when it comes to you. Okay? K. You can be player a on the driving range. I want player a on the golf course. You ever heard of that terminology? No.

Alright. What happens on the driving range typically doesn't happen on the golf course. Okay? You know, you know, on the on the golf course, you have the you have the trees, you have the water, you have the scorecard, you have the elements, you have the crowd, you got the whole you got the whole deal. Driving range, you got nothing. Flat surface, no penalties if you hit a poor golf shot. Okay? Right. So the reason why it gets you on the golf course is we one have a world class instructor standing over each of your shoulders. When it comes to Chris, him having a thorough understanding of what happens from every element when he's on the golf course.

Okay, and always having somebody over over his shoulder when he hits a bad golf shot, letting him know why he hit a bad golf shot, and then understanding together why that shot happened, and that is honestly the beauty of this reply analysis is I don't want either of you guys to just guess on what happened when a bad shot happens. You guys are gonna both know, and you're both gonna understand what to focus on and be able to work on those issues together. Saying those when you hit a good golf shot, not just saying, oh, wow. I just started to rely on that shot so I had a good result. No. You're gonna know exactly what what you did on top of it.

Okay? K. Alright. You know, rinse and rinse and repeat that process for a couple days in a row. We'll have fun games. We'll have competitions throughout. Okay? We'll make recommendations to each of your guys' equipment. Alright? Maybe make some maybe make some adjustments post golf school. Take something out of the bag, add something to the bag. We'll help develop a custom tailored practice plan for each of you guys. That for your son, we'll fine tune. Alright? Help him, you know, develop a little more motivation to, you know, get his workout stuff together again. Alright? Make make the practice fun. Develop a plan for you guys to work on these things together too. That's something that we could talk about.

Alright? But that's essentially how the golf school works, beginning to finish. Okay? K. So how does the golf school sound so far if you had the grade of it? Great. Okay. That sounds great. Yeah. Okay. I think I I think it's something and again, I I. I I'm gonna have to do for my son. You know? I think it'd be great for me too, but, you know you know, I think for my son, it it it's everything that he needs. You know? He, you know, he knows a lot. You know, and and he when when we go play golf, you know, what I need to do and stuff like that. But I think for for him, you know, he'll tell me, oh, I would I think I'm I'm slicing it or or you know, instead of doing this, we'll quit doing that.

You know? Just fix it. If you know what it is, fix it. But that's that's harder to do sometimes. You know? Because he knows what he needs to do, but then when he does the swing, he does the exact same thing over again. You know? So I I think this him to hear one and somebody there with him, like, sit over his shoulder would would definitely definitely benefit him. So I think that's what. Absolutely, and this is what I think is gonna just put that just make you understand why this is gonna be so important for him. Okay, and for you as well if you choose to join him. So the next part of this is I already found the golf school I wanna send you to, okay, or send him to, okay?

I wanna send him I wanna send him to Savannah, Georgia. That's where I wanna send him. I have some options in December this year, or I have some options, you know, right around April next year, okay, to where we could plan for for a little bit. Okay? So for the if we go to December, where are we looking at? Yeah. Yeah. As far as December, we're thinking you know, let me just pull up some of the dates so I have them. Yeah. Out of my 15 coaches, I'm confident in one. Alright? I'm confident about two or 3, but I'm extremely confident in one. Alright. His name is Andrew Rice. Andrew Rice is the number and number 22 golf coach in the country.

He's fantastic at what he does. It's our smallest group setting. Alright? So he's gonna get a lot of lot of hours of one on one instruction in a very small group setting, very intimate. I typically send some of my better golfers to this one. Well, he'll have a mixed bag. Alright? A couple of mid tier handicappers, maybe one higher handicapper. You know? If you wanna join in, you know, you'll definitely be able to partake. But he's gonna have several hours of one on one work, and the reason why I wanna send it to this golf school, alright, is a couple of the extra tools that we utilize with this golf school. It's the only one that we utilize this.

So Andrew Rice is a very methodical guy. He likes everything recorded. So I can't show you on my phone because I'm not on the phone. So he we're gonna download something on this on his phone when he gets to the golf school called Coach Now. It's a very intuitive app. Every single swing, every single drill, everything that he does so that the golf schools will be on this app for him. He's gonna take that app home forever. Okay? So after the golf school, alright, Andrew Rice is his personal coach anytime he needs them. Alright? So he can send in a swing, a question, all directly through his phone, same with you, and he sends it directly back to Andrew, and he's gonna keep him on track.

So, for example, he's working on his swing, and he just wants to make sure everyone is good. He sends it over to Andrew. Andrew's gonna comment back, draw the lines through everything. It's a very intuitive app, and he's gonna say he's gonna say, Chris, everything looks damn good. You're just a tiny bit off track here. Remember when we were working on this? This is what I need you to do. If he's working on his putting, for example, and out of nowhere, he keeps on missing these short 5 foot putts, and he's, you know, just burning edges, and he's unsure why he's missing them when he's thinking he's doing everything right. He sends a video of his putting, and Andrew's gonna get right back to him, and he has a full 12 months of that after the golf sweep, unlimited access.

I don't care if it's 6 days a week. You send the videos of your swing and he keeps them on track. Same when it comes to you. So from a perspective of somebody that's really trying to reinvigorate his game and just make sure he's always moving forward to stay motivated, how do you think that would benefit his game? Absolutely. Yeah. Okay. It'd be huge. Okay, and I'm sure if we got you to go there too, you know, once you started playing the game a lot more comfortably, a lot more consistently, more a lot more confidently, I would imagine you'd wanna send a couple of videos too just to make sure you're staying on track. Okay? Okay. But, you know, that's that's kind of the whole structure.

Okay, and then does he have an iPhone, or does he have an Android? He has an iPhone. Beautiful. So as, like, an on the call incentive to essentially commit to a golf school, I'll explain what that commitment means. He's gonna get an additional tool, which I think will be extremely beneficial, so not not only for his coaching perspective, but for his own swing. So we developed an app called Swing Fix AI. Your son's gonna get a lifetime membership to it by coming out to one of these camps and committing to a golf school. This app utilizes 3 d motion capture, essentially augmented AI, to analyze his swing forms specific to his swing. So, therefore, if we realize his biggest core root flaw is his wrist orientation.

He takes a golf swing with this app in his front yard, his freaking bedroom, wherever he can swing without hitting anything. Alright? This this app will analyze the swing and let him know how far he's off within a percentage and how to correct it. Okay? With instant tips it is, and he gets a lifetime membership to that as well. Same for you if you were to come out. Okay, and that's the whole golf school. Alright? As far as something for this year.

Alright. Bear with me.

So as far as something in December, I would have to double check. We had it looks like I had a spot or two this morning. That doesn't look like I have anything left. So we'd be talking end of March.

Pretty much most of the month of April, early to end May or early June. Okay, and they're all it's a 3 day full golf event. Alright? 8 hours a day. March of next year? March of next year. Okay? So I. I think for that one. Okay. So I have one last spot for March 31 through April two. Okay? I have April 7 through 9, 14 through 16, one through 224 28 through 30. That's for April, and then May, I have May 5 through 7, 20 through 22, and then June 3 through 5. So I essentially have about 8 options as far as that golf school. This is the one I wanna send them to, if you're gonna join them, this is the one I wanna send you to as well.

Okay? Okay. So to come out. So let let let's aim for I'm gonna aim for, May one through April two. It's March 31 through April two. Okay? So Right. That's what I'm I'm I'm gonna I'm gonna try to get my goal. I only really got a cost. So as far as cost, you were given a range of 4 to 6 k. So our 4 so that range of 4 to 6 k, the 4 k is typically for one of our one day golf events that we have for pure beginner golfers, you know, some of our handicap. It's just to, you know, kinda make sure that's the game for them. That's more of our one day with everything included.

That's right around the 4 k. Our 5 our 5 k, simply for one of our two day events, and our 6 k is typically for one of our 3 day events. Okay? But I'm gonna up but I'm gonna kinda meet you in the middle. Alright? I wanna get him for one of the 3 days because I know it's gonna get him there. Once we get him there, I would love to get a testimony out of him and you together. Alright? So Alright. So I'll give you so I'll give you the 3 day for essentially the price of a two day. Okay? Okay. Alright. So essentially, it'd be 53100, okay, for the 3 day golf thing compared to the 6 6 k, but it's simply 65100 for a nonperformance golf member.

But you're, by default, coming through our affiliate channel, you're a performance golf member. Okay? Okay. So what we can do is we can we can tentatively lock in for the 31st through April 2nd. Alright? That's March 31st. Take away that spot. Alright? I will send you the additional dates just in case. That next one in April, I got two spots. So if you wanted to join them, beautiful. All the other ones after that, I have 3 spots left. Okay? So, therefore, if you did wanna join them, you cannot join them for the March 31 through April two, but any other ones, you'd be able to, but at least let's get him let's get him locked in for that one.

Alright? What we would do in order to get this locked in, okay, I would need to get, his information, his first name, his last name, his email address so I can get him set up with a performance golf account. Okay? I'll send you an email with the PDF, the itinerary, the breakdown, everything that has that's coming to you guys, if you wanna join them or not join them. If you join in, alright, I'll knock off an additional 300 dollars each. It'll be 5 k ahead. So the 53100 for one. Okay? So what I would need to get from you is just a deposit, okay, to hold the spot for while you solidify the date. So that deposit is half the investment up front.

So it'd be 25100. All 500 So all I would need to do is get a credit card for me to put that spot in. Alright? I'll I'll lock everything in. Okay? As far as the hold for that spot, I'll send you an email. You talk to your son today, tomorrow, figure out which date would make the most sense. If you wanted to join in, I can move you to one of those other dates, get you solidified from there. I would get all your information to set you up with an account. Alright? But from there, it's pretty much backend. Okay, and then we'll set up a follow up in the next couple days. You let me know which one that he is definitely in for.

We'll lock it in then and there, and you know, we'll, you know, whatever structure you need to go, you know, do your loan or whatever it is to take care of the rest, we'll discuss how you wanna take care of the rest. Okay? Okay. Alright? Okay. That sound good to you? Yeah. I am. Yeah. Okay. Awesome. So the only thing I would need to do is I obviously have his first name. Okay, or would you like me to put it all under you, then you can kinda treat this as, like, a present to him, or can I actually set him up with his own account? I would I would set him up with his own account. He knows it's coming, and and you know, and I'll I'll I'll you know, it's something I wanna do in business, you know, but but he knows his comments, and we we discussed it, and and he, you know, got it.

They didn't need the 25100. So what we would do to essentially put that do you have a would you happen to be able to here. Hold on. Let me look at one thing really quick. Bear with me. Because I actually have a call I'm running in here in just a minute, but it's just with the it's a team building call that I'm running, but I can be. I can be a little late. So just bear with me. But just I just wanna shoot my message to my team. Let her know I'm gonna be a couple minutes late. Just bear with me. Alright. See.

Alright.

Okay. Cool. Alright. So, essentially, all we so what we would need today in order to reserve the spot and to at least get them in for that last one is, yes, I would need that 25100 one front. Okay? Alright. So if you have a credit card that we could put it on, that'd be awesome. Right. Yeah. III got rid of all my credit cards. I I do everything with my debit card. Okay, and I may need a time to to to drop that 25100. Okay, and I don't need the whole payment, okay, in general. Right. I just need the remaining balance paid 30 days prior to the golf school. So so I don't need the whole investment all up front.

I would just need the up front just to, you know, reserve his spot in the golf school, and if, obviously, you wanted to come and partake, you know, you would have to plan for that a little bit differently. So Okay. How quickly would you be able to, you know, make that. Give me give me by the end by mid next week? So, honestly, if we can't put anything up front, alright, I'm not gonna be able to get him in for that spot for the end of March. Full transparency, I can't put a hold without putting anything on my credit card. But what I can do Okay. Okay? If you can get this done potentially by Monday, Monday or Tuesday, you think that'd be doable?

K. That'd be doable. But then yeah. So what I can do, okay, is I can get them in for sure, alright, in mid April, alright, 14th through 16th, two weeks later. Okay? I could definitely get them in that one, and I can hold that spot for them until we reconnect on Monday, say. Okay, and then you'd and then you work it out to just get the get get that going. Like I said, we could put on a credit card, debit card, whatever you're open to doing. Alright? Okay, and we can do that come Monday. Alright, and then we'll align and we'll align the rest of the payment. But I can definitely hold a spot for 14th through 16th form until until Monday with no issue at all.

Okay? But if you can figure this out but if you can figure this out prior, Okay? Right. Alright, and I still have a spot for the March end of March or that first one in April. Alright? I can always get them in sooner than later if you if you can make that happen potentially tomorrow. Maybe you move some things around. You can make that happen. You can always shoot me an email back and let me know. That's that's how we're gonna go about it. Okay? I will do that. I will do that. Okay? Okay. Alright. So what time Monday could we reconnect just to get this over the finish line?

Hold on. Let me look at my calendar real quick. Yeah. No problem. I'm pretty flexible for Monday, and you're central time. Correct? Right. I could do any on the. Yeah. I'm East Coast. Look. On Monday Monday 21st. Oh, Monday, Monday 21st.

Yeah. So you're, what, two hours 9? I'm a hour hour ahead. Hour. Yeah. Your your your it should be 10:49 where you're at. Right? Okay. Yeah. So my time, Monday.

I'm looking at 4 o'clock. What's the 5 o'clock your time? That works for me. 5 o'clock my time, 4 o'clock yours? Right. That let's do that then So I'm gonna take this invite that we're on right now. I'm gonna move us to, monday. Alright. We'll do that for 5 o'clock my time, 4 o'clock yours. I'll use the same Zoom link. Alright. We can always do a phone call if we need. Just a 15 minute slide. I just updated it, so you'll get an update alert for that email. Alright? Once I get off this next call, I'll send you the email with all the dates, the PDF, the itinerary, some breakdown, some testimonials, some things like that to help you.

Right. You just got an email. You're you just got the update. You're gonna get an additional email from me. Okay. So when you do get that, do me a favor. Shoot me a one line. Let me know that you got it. Alright? My cell phone will be in the signature portion of my email. It's a 754 number. Okay? Okay. If you once you get that email, okay, shoot me a one liner, obviously, and if you figure this out prior Monday, just shoot me an email. Justin, I got it figured out. I went to the bank, you know, got was able to, you know, approve this. This is what we're gonna one, and then say, we'll discuss, you know, aligning the rest of the payments, sending you up 30 days prior to the law school.

Whatever whatever work whatever works best. Okay? But regardless, we'll reconnect on Monday at, 4 o'clock your time unless they hear from you sooner. He has one spot held for the 14th to 16th. If you decide you wanna partake, okay, and you're thinking about making it happen on your end, alright, please just let me know. Alright? So we can hop on a call and at least solidify what I need to solidify. Okay? Will do. Alright. We'll talk to you on Monday then Any questions for me in the meantime? No. I'm I'm very pleased. Thank you, and you're excited for Chris? I'm excited for Chris. Alright? But I'm also excited for you too. Alright? I I know the investment is something that you're gonna do for your son, but, you know, let's let's let's kick start your game too.

Let's get your game together as well, and you know, if we can make it happen, it will be a treat for yourself, a Christmas present for yourself too, and once you do get this over the finish line, I'll make sure all onboarding information goes directly to you so you could treat this as a pure gift for Chris, and he's not gonna know anything else in between. He's just gonna go into one open mind, you know, clear slate, ready to have a great time, and he's gonna be in great hands and yourself as well. Okay? Okay. Appreciate it. Thank you. Alright, bud. I'll talk to you on Monday. You enjoy the rest of your day, and You too. You know, looking forward to working with you guys. Okay? Sounds good. Alright, brother.

