# Transcript

---


**Speaker 0:**

Here we go, brother. Let me just let me just turn my brightness up so I can see you. You may just have to accept the call. Let me just turn my brightness up a little bit. It looks like it's starting to connect. No. Gotcha. Yeah. You might have to accept and hit join.

There he is. My man. It does. It's Now I can see you. Happy Friday. Hey. Happy Friday. Hey. Thanks for doing this. This is awesome. No worries. You gotta improvise every once in a while. We'll leave it at that. Yep. Alright, and nice to meet you, by the way. My name is Justin Jaffe. I'm the director of VIP experiences here at Performance Golf. I essentially, run our in person golf school. So appreciate you taking the time to connect with me. Alright? Thanks, Justin. Fantastic. Fantastic. So before we kinda hop in, Mike Michael, what do you like to go by? Mike. Mike. Awesome. So the purpose of this conversation, Mike, I wanna spend a couple of minutes, obviously, expanding on your conversation that you had, you know, the other day as much as possible.

I wanna truly understand what you're trying to do. I truly wanna understand what you tried in the past. I truly wanna understand what your current pain points are. Yes. I have a foundation built, but the purpose of the conversation is I want to expand. I work with some great golf coaches. They're all top 50 guys. You have some aggressive goals. I wanna make sure I can get you with the right guy to get you to that goal. Okay? They're great golf coaches. Doesn't mean every single one of these guys I work with is a good fit for you and vice versa. Makes sense? Correct. Okay. Awesome. So as far as home is concerned, where do you live, and I know you just retired.

Correct? Yeah. Retired last year. I'm still working a little bit over 50. Percent. I live in Grand Junction, Colorado. It's high desert. Beautiful. So we're on the western side western side of the house. Beautiful area. Nice. Good for you, and as far as, work, what were you doing, or what are you still doing for work 50 percent of the time? Yeah. So, currently, I'm a instructor for safety system design for manufacturing equipment. So. Okay. People have control systems, you know, that run their manufacturing equipment, and I'm an instructor on how to make that stuff safer. Awesome. Awesome. You how long have you been doing that for? Oh, jeez. I've been in safety since 1999, full, you know, full time.

So a few years. Just a few. Gotcha, and I'm not trying to look up at you, but, my team is on standby seeing if you needed assistance, and before they call you and annoy you, just let me know let them I wanna let them know I took care of you. Sure.

Perfect.

Perfect. Alright. Awesome. So we're living in Grand Junction, just retired last year, and as far as the golf game is concerned, I know we're currently, like, low eighties. Life lifelong goal to essentially get into the low seventies. Alright? Yeah. I mean, yeah, mid seventies, I'd be really happy with that. Alright. Yeah. Some **** good golf. We'll leave it at that. Competitive golf, hang with anybody type of golf and win win some money type of golf. We'll leave it at that. Not sure if that's part of the equation. Yeah. That's what people. You know, everybody everybody has their own goal. We'll leave it at that. Goal is, my best friend, He was number one on the golf team in high school, and we still golf several times a year, and he always kicks my ****, and so I'd like to beat him one time in my life.

What's his what what what what's the personal win's name? What's his name? Carl. Carl. I need last name. I need address. I need phone number, social no. So Carl's is gotcha. What does he typically what's his index right now? He normally, bad day for him is shooting the 75. Okay. Gotcha. So he's he's a good golfer. Beautiful. Gotcha. 70, 60 high sixties. Okay, and how often I know you've only played, like, 3 times this year, but how often are we gonna try to play this coming season? I definitely wanna try and get out at least once a week. I've got too many hobbies and work too much, but my goal is to golf one time a week.

Got it. This year, which going from 3 time you know, 3 rounds in a year to every week is This is a lot. Change, and that's and that's the typical makeup for a lot of the guys I work with. You know what I mean? I I don't work with everybody. I deal with a lot of guys who are extremely busy. I have a lot of hobbies, business owners. I deal with a lot of, you know, doctors, and I deal with, you know, people that are lawyers. I deal with people that are, you know, IT people, security people, people that are have busy schedules, and also people that have a lot of hobbies. My goal is not to help you break course records.

It's not to to join the tour. Whatever your goal is, we wanna help you get to there, but I want you to have as much fun as possible in between. I want you to really limit the headaches. I want you to understand your swing, your swing, not anybody else's swing, and I want you to have a swing that's essentially, you know, you could take with you until you're underground and obviously kick Carl's **** at some at 1. or another. That's that's how we feel. Okay? But, again, the reason why we set up these calls is I work with something called a master professional. There's a total of 423 guys that make up that type of instruction.

It's the best of the best. There's a top 50. I work with 15 of the guys that make that list. These guys are very, very talented. We get you out to these golf schools. They're very custom tailored, very individualized. There's no one size that fits all. So me having a best understanding of what's going on, what you tried, what you haven't tried, what goes on in your brain, what type of swing thoughts you assess, what do you try to get rid of, how do you how do you practice? All those things help me make the best recommendation. Okay. So let's kind of peel open some of those questions. So I know we're trying to play once a once a no.

Once a week, you know, 2025 coming into the season. Is that include are you willing to when you say once a week, is that just play, or are you willing to maybe do some drills, maybe work on some things at the house to get some practice one,? Willing to work on stuff, you know, daily. Good. So Good. What other hobbies do you got? One, biggest hobby right now is well, now it's wintertime, so I'm skiing, but, ride their bikes, quite a lot and then do a little bit of mountain biking. I do a lot of projects around the house, of course. Gotcha. Good for you. So you're staying busy. I love it. Yep. Alright. So what would you say your biggest opportunities are?

Alright, and if you were to so I guess the best question, if you were to really improve in these areas, you'll be able to see yourself getting from the 10 to the 5, if not better from there. What would. I. I think, biggest opportunity would probably be my approach, my approach game. 2nd shot leading into, like, that, 50100 and in type of shot as well or just mostly the second shot? You know, I mean, I'm not hitting the ball as long as I think I should be, so that's a big problem. That makes sense. I I did a major swing overall. How long ago? I'm working I've been working on it. So I probably started that major swing overhaul about a year, year and a half ago.

So Did you start working with a a pro to do that, or are you doing it by yourself? By myself. I'm. I'm trying to swing, more like, you know, the current the current golfer swing. Right? I had the old old Ben Hogan style swing, and you know, that's how I taught myself, and then I've been switching trying to, you know, trying to fix my club head pass, mostly get shallow. Okay. But I've not you know? I know I had some major problems. Do we have do we have any do we have any back pain? Do we have any health issues? Any Yeah. Anything like that? The biggest health issue I have is I'm really tight, and I've been trying to figure out I need to go to a physical therapist to get me stretching correctly.

Because I know just stretching is not gonna help me get more flexible. I tell every golfer there's regular muscles and there's golf muscles. Alright. So we need to get your hips activated. We need to essentially so with all these golf schools, by the way, we're we're very different. Okay, and within our whole golf school, we help you out with exercise regimens too. We'll we'll we'll gear some things that you can work on during the golf school that we'll record, that you'll be able to notate, and you know, without diving too deep into it, it's more things that we can follow up with you on after the fact to make sure we're doing correctly. Okay? But exercise is usually in the fact that you even brought it up.

I would say 8 out of 10 golfers don't even bring it up. Okay? Yeah. That's a very important thing. Okay? Especially when it comes to getting from a 10 to a better. First of all, out of 10 handicap, you're within the 10 percent of golfers in the 1st place. Golf is not easy. Alright? You can hang with anybody where you're at right now. Okay? But, Carl, you know, we wanna obviously get down to another level to get there. Okay? So so when it comes to the second shot, would you say accuracy related, contact related? Obviously multi accuracy. Where do we typically miss? More to the left, more to the right? Are you a righty or a lefty?

I'm right now, I'm a little both, you know, I'm a little bit both ways. A little bit right, a little bit left. I'd say probably mostly missing to right right right now. So Yeah. So. I'm I'm well, I came from the reason I made a major swing change is I was trap hooking a lot. You know, if I I hit great shots and my miss was a trap hook, and they just kill you because you're, you know, you're in the next county when it when it, you know, stops flying, and depending on what you're playing too. You know, there's gonna be some houses, some tree lines, things like that, and you got some tough tracks around your neck of the woods too.

You know what I mean? So that you know, that's one of the reasons I made the big change cut because my miss was just so ugly, and so I'm so I'm getting that fixed, and I'm just missing just for right just a little bit. So Okay. Have we ever taken any formal lessons before in general? Yeah. I mean, I did many, many, many years or decades ago. So, like, way way back in the beginning. Okay. So you've so you've never had on course instruction before, like an on course playing lesson? Never. Yeah. It's always been a goal goal of mine. Do you ever record yourself in general? Do you record your swing? Yeah. I I, when my wife and I one and I go to the range, I have her record my swing, and Does she play too, or does she just join yet?

She does. Is this something that you're I mean, are we looking to do this together potentially, or She's a tough sell, but it's possible that that, I could get her to go. Those. Well, my I tell every golfer. My focus is the golfer right hand, and if it makes sense for you, hopefully, it can make sense for her. We can always get you locked into something if we can convince her to, you know, come out and take part. These are a lot of fun regardless. You're gonna be surrounded by a good group of good good group of people. But we typically get a couple of husband and wife that come out to the event. There's nothing wrong kicking **** together.

If you guys wanted to stick to the same coach, we don't know if we get separated. Whatever the makeup is, we'll we'll custom tailor it to you guys. Alright? We'll work that out. So here's the deal. I played a lot of baseball growing up. I played a lot of you know, one the basketball, a lot of football. Those were my major sports. I dabbled in golf as a kid. I would always play with my brothers, my my dad, but I never took it seriously. I've had a lot of injuries. I can't play those sports anymore. I'm a golfer and a bowler now. But I remember when I wanted to, you know, for me, getting from in the beginning, I took some basic lessons.

I was able to build up some foundational things, get the fundamental sound, and I was able to make some quick improvements, and I was like and I thought to myself honestly, I was like, I don't know if I really needed a lot of that. That's just my makeup. I was like, I don't know if I need a lot of that. Anything I did, I always put a lot of work myself. When I put in a lot of work, I expect results. Golf is a very separate monster. I'll leave it there. I fell down the golf rabbit hole, all right, when I started doing things myself. I wanted to make some changes. Okay? So I was on Youtube, I was doing these online avenues, I was trying this, I was trying that, I was going to practice 3 days a week.

I was trying all these things, and before, you know, I wasn't getting much better. I was actually declining. Okay? So the question I'm not saying you're declining right now. But when you do stuff yourself, I would imagine you're looking at all the things online. Okay? I am, and you know, the big thing I see my problem is well, I got a lot of problems, but one of them is physical. Right? It's not flexible. Not I don't have the rotation that I need. Yep, and you know, if you don't if you don't do things the right way, like like, you you know, we all learn is that you go backwards. So There's You're in great bad you're in great bad habits.

Reinforce these bad habits. Okay? So where I'm trying is the reason I had to get in the golf too because I had a lot of back injuries. Lot of knee surgeries, but a lot of back injuries. I was and one thing I did lack, and this is why I'm bringing this example up for you, is rotational issues. My hips were not getting activated. Okay? I was all arms. I could swing. I could I could I could hit the ball farther than a lot of people with just arms. But I know rotation. My back was really but I was trying things that people could try with better rotation. But my athletic mind, my athletic makeup, my hand eye coordination, my good hands in the first place, I was taking these information.

I was reinforcing things I needed to reinforce. So in one way or another, when you started to go over a swing change and you gotta try to do different things, it's easier said than done, and on top of it. Oh, yeah. You give me two people. Player a is going out there one day a week. 30, 40 minutes, 20 minutes, 20 golf balls. Purpose, intention, feel. Working on the right things with each golf ball, and then they go to chip, they go to putt, they go home, and you give me guy b that I see literally 3 days a week at the driving range doing the same thing over and over and over again, doing the same things, working on the same things, and I'm not seeing that person get better.

Right? I'm taking player a because practice don't make perfect when it comes to golf. Perfect practice makes perfect. You gotta be working on the right things and especially when that becomes first of all, to go from a 10 to a lower single digit, that's all fine tuning. Okay? It's all fine tuning. Really getting the timing, the sequencing down, the club face where it needs to be, that comfortability with that. That's all it is. The reason why we're failing with our 2nd shot is, in one way or another, I'm gonna assess it for you. What type of swing thoughts are going through your brain right now? What are the common thoughts? What are the common things we try to focus on?

Yeah. So right now, my biggest swing thought is my right my left wrist is I wanna bend it down. So when I go to my backswing, I wanna make sure my wrist is like this when I start down because that's really got rid of my trap hook, and then I do that, then my swing path goes straight to the ground, and I keep my shoulders closed, you know, much longer in my golf swing than I've ever done in my whole life. So that that really fix that, you know, that trap hook, and I get a much better trajectory. So that that's that's one, that's the only thing I'm working on right now is just doing that. Because everything else, you know, that's a big change for me.

Gotcha. So we try we're trying to keep it simple right now. Yeah. So one, you know, my back's when my wrist used to be my left wrist used to be like this. Yeah, and it it killed me, so now I'm going from there to there. Yeah, and that's the way that because it helps you shallow too. It helps you get back one, bit. It helps you shallow a lot easier too when you keep your wrist like that too. So, so That's so my long my long iron's my driver. My woods are pro that way, and then when I get into my short irons around the green, I don't know what to do. Like, do I still do that?

Do I not do that? So Tech technique, feeling, confidence. Alright. That's that area. You don't commit to a golf shot. You don't stand over it confidently. You decelerate what happens. You chunk it. You overreaccelerate. You move through it too quickly. You blade it. You skull it. Those things can happen one, you know, you just don't even think about it. It's like, crap. Let me just get it over with, and you hit a great golf shot. It's like, holy crap. What happened there? Alright. It's a mixed bag. So where I'm at is I wanna understand what the true the true no. I if it all school made sense. Okay? If we were to cross the t's dot the I's of what your ideal experience would look like, not only what we're doing with you during, but what we're doing with you after. Okay? When would you ideally like to come out to a golf school?

I mean, right, you know, right now in January, I don't have much, you know, much work scheduled. You know, February gets a little bit more busy, but, you know, I would like to do it earlier because we can start golfing out here, you know, end of February Good. Early March. You know, I can start getting out on the range and get some golfing in. So I'd like to get started sooner so that I can work on things, you know, either in a house or off my mat, my backyard, or whatever, and that's that's what I would like to do. Okay. So I love your style because I talked to a guy from Colorado yesterday, and he doesn't like to play in the cold.

He's like, Justin, yeah, we can play starting in February, but I'm not out there until early April. He's like, 40 degree weather for me. I'm not a fan. He's like, I like sixties. So it is what it is. If if he's on the westerns if he's on the eastern slope, so the humidity is way high there, and cold is cold, okay, when the humidity is high. Out here, if it's 36 degrees, we don't have humidity and no wind and the sun is shining. It is, you know, it's basically you have too much on right now what you're wearing. Your hoodie is too much, for that. I like to, I like to keep my AC to 68, so I like to, I like to like to feel it.

I'm on my feet. We'll leave it at that. So you get out there as soon as you can, essentially. So Yeah. Ideally, January, early February would be a really good time if we had to make it. But ideally January or it sounds like after February if we were to get Oh, you know, let me just check what we. Realistically, I'll have more options probably after February because we are sold out a lot of options early in the year, but I could definitely squeeze you into something if you're willing to travel. Obviously.

Yes. So right now, I have basically even March would be better because that'd give me more time to get my, get my body, in better shape than it is. Yes, and you're and you're and you're willing to travel and and get out of get out of get out of Colorado? Perfect. Perfect, and actually, I mean, I wouldn't mind, you know, my wife probably wanna go with me, and you know, she would wanna go shopping. She would wanna go golfing. Gotcha. Things like that. Cool. So as long as we make a nice little trip out of it and I get her somewhere where, if she does decide not to join you, alright, at least, you guys can do something awesome after, and she can hang up her head and you know, shop and do all that.

Awesome. Exactly. Perfect. Perfect. Alrighty, and does the is the wife, still working or is she not working? No. She does. She doesn't work. She doesn't work. Gotcha. So if you told her you told her we're going here, I'm doing this, and you know, you're gonna go shop, do your thing, she'll she'll be pretty happy with that? Yeah. Okay. Fantastic. So I'll I'll make sure I add here to that. So I'll ask some questions about what her vibe is. That that will help me out. Is she more of a beachy person, more of a city person, more of a quiet, this and that, what or does it matter? Doesn't matter. You're flexible. We're we're easy. Making my make making my life easier then Okay.

Fantastic. So let's talk about how the golf school works. Okay? So 3 boxes I need to check out with every conversation. Number one, I wanna make sure you care enough about putting a little energy to fixing your game when you get back home from the golf school because I help all my golfers become a better golfer. But if you wanna stick to the golfer you get to be and obviously driving your goals, I need you to go practice and do some things after. I don't need you to go out there every day, but if you can do a sign once or twice a week, that's all I need from you, and that's something we're willing to do.

So that's the big box I'm needing to check off. Another box I need to check off, part of my language one, I wanna make sure you're not an a hole. Okay? There's a lot of them out there. I live in South Florida. I deal with cliff throwers, people that curse, this and that. I wanna make sure everybody has a great time together. We're dealing with a lot of people that are great people. They they wanna do well at things, and they wanna really reinvigorate the inner golfer again. I had guys that used to be better golfers and they lose it or people that had something, then they kinda go here and then people that deal with injuries and then boom, they lose it.

Everybody just wants to get better. I just wanna make sure we have somebody that's gonna laugh, have a good time, and number 3 box, make sure you're coachable. Alright, and it's clear as to say you're coachable. Anybody that has patience for 22 minutes to answer all my questions and still smile, guess what? They're crossing out those boxes. Alright. So let's let's talk about how we're gonna get you to Carl. Alright. You ready? Yeah. Alright. Cool. So we run these golf events. We're gonna come out for typically a two day golf event. Very fun, extremely immersive, very custom tailored. Alright. First two hours, we're jumping in the trenches. We're not wasting any time. We need to understand what's going on with your timing, your sequencing.

Why have you lost instances? Why are accuracy is not where we want it to be? Why we're just missing a little bit right, you know, on that second shot? Why is our timing off? So we're gonna do something called a root flaw analysis. Okay. What is that most fundamental flaw in your swing that we superseded? Okay. What is the root cause of why we're struggling? Okay. Because here's the deal. As golfers, every single golfer on the planet, we deal with issues. We deal with swing flaws, even the pros. But when we start working on things ourself okay, and then in between not playing not playing consistently enough and having old muscle memory up there, and then trying some things that we shouldn't be trying, or not practicing effectively correctly on the exact right things for what we're trying to focus on.

Before you know it, constant state of correction. Sometimes not working on the right parts of the sequencing, and what do we start doing? We supersede that foundation, the most fundamental flaw in your screen that we call the root flaw. Okay? Why are my guys so good at doing it? They've seen it all. They've done it all. These are master professionals. Literally, 3 of the guys I work with, they just hosted a golf school with 40 guys, all veterans, people with one, arm, one leg, worked with these guys for 3 days. We're helping these guys develop swings and help them understand what's going on. Good coaching is good coaching. Great coaching is a difference. It's the why and the how combination.

Why am I doing this? How is it resonating? Okay? So understand the proper sequencing. You need that mechanical mechanical aspect of a good coach. Okay? They're gonna help you understand your sequence. Go ahead. You have a question? Yeah. Well, I do have a statement, and the reason that I don't go to coaching and the reason I wanna go to your your place is that most of the golf coaches that I. I watch a lot of you know, I go to the range. I see people coaching other people, and you know, the the golf coach has their own you know, they basically just go down their own path, and they try to force the golfer to fit in their path, and I don't see him working, you know, with the golfer's limitations, you know, with adjusting, you know, to fit the golfer's current, you know, current swing or having them change, and that's why I don't, you know, I don't spend my money, with local coaches because they you know, they're they're they have high passion.

You know, they're doing the best they can. Honestly, great people. I love them. Alright? I've worked with a lot of them. Yep. At the end of the day, they do the best job they can to help the golfer, but you're right. Sometimes they're limited with the expertise and time. Time is everything. How are we gonna really work on all these specific things foundationally to get the sequencing going in an hour, and then you're on your own. You're not on the golf course. You don't have a follow up. You don't have tools. You don't have analysis. You don't have all these great things that we're actually doing to take home with you. Okay? Those things kinda shoot you in the foot just a little.

They do then 66 and Woah. I didn't expect that. I'm 6 I'm 64. I'm 64, so I'm a bigger guy too. You guys have way different challenges, okay, than than Carl, who's who's 58. Okay? You know, Carl plays almost the same length of clubs that I one, and you know, he just sets up to the ball so perfect every time, and his body position is just perfect, and when I look at myself setting up to my clubs, you know, it's like, oh my gosh. I'm I'm fighting so many more angles than he is when it comes to the golf swing. So that's why I need to get to somebody that really has seen a lot of different you know, really tall guys, taller than me, you know, swinging a club and getting those guys on the right track.

So I'm sorry to No. You're I I no. No. You do. Trust me. I'm doing all the talking. Alright. So I appreciate some back and forth, and I had and the only reason why Friday sometimes, I just gotta chug a couple extra one of these. Alright? So coffee's flowing through me today. So we at least sound like we're on the same page, why that root diagnosis is so important. Because here's the downside, if we don't if we never figure it out and we never have this conversation, I've been there. A lot of guys have been there before. Alright? You're not in one way or another, you're not the you're not a young kid anymore. My core demographic is 58 to 84.

Right? Things happen. I've talked to guys that come out to my golf schools. Justin, I've been to golf clinics before. I've been to had some meaningful lessons before, and what happens to me is sometimes I go on a trip or sometimes I have other stuff going on. I'm not playing for a couple weeks and then this and then I tweak my back or whatever it is, and then I get back out there and something's not clicking sometimes, and I don't remember, and I'm reverting back to old things. Those things start to happen, and if you never get to that proper sequencing in the first place, it's just it's just hard to do. Okay? So, essentially, if we can get to the proper diagnosis and we understand what's going on, what starts to happen in your swing is the simplicity.

You start to feel things. My coaches are heavily trained in mechanics and they're heavily trained in feel. Typically, most coaches are either feel or mechanics. My guys are trained in both. They're gonna help you understand your proper sequencing, those one or two things to focus on your swing that are geared for you now. Okay. So it starts to get ingrained, and then they're gonna help you understand the proper feels and the proper drills around that. That's the most important thing when it comes to the why now. Once we get that going, we're we're we're getting we're getting into business. Okay, then we're getting you on the golf course each afternoon. We're gonna play golf with you. Imagine guys that imagine having guys like Martin Chuck or Trent Weaver or you know, Martin, you know, or or Brian Mogg or JT Thomas or Rick Smith.

These are just some of the guys I work with standing over your shoulder on the golf course, making sure we're doing things correctly. Okay? Making sure I'm in a great time in all situations, not just your driver, not just your second shot, but also fine tuning some of those areas of your short game that you and I both know. Once we get your swing confidence down and we get that timing and that sequencing together, in order to keep yourself at that 5, that short game is everything. Okay? That needs to be fine tuned. Alright? But first of all, swing confidence, tee to green is the name of the game. Let's start there, but let's put you in all those situations on the golf course that you struggle.

Okay? Get dialed in. Rinse and repeat that process for a couple days in a row. We'll have fun games and competitions throughout. We'll give you recommendations to your equipment. You're a taller guy. If we thought that, hey. It's time that you get some clubs that are a little more fitted for you, a little bigger. Alright. Guess what? I had some standard side clubs for a little bit. I couldn't rotate. Guess what? Some bigger clubs helped me do what I needed to do. You never know. So we'll give you some recommendations. If you need to treat yourself to something after, make some adjustments. You'll have those. Okay? Throughout the whole golf school, we're also trying to customize your practice plan.

We're taking detailed notes. We're starting to develop things. Okay? Because like I said, when you get back home, I want to make sure you're practicing the right things and working on the right things. So developing that practice plan that's unique to you, whether it's things you can do at your house, whether it's things you can do in your front yard, if you're somebody that likes to exercise and get those golf muscles, we can incorporate the mixture of the both. Alright? But essentially, that's what we're gonna do at the golf school. Every single golfer I work with. There's not I can count on one hand the 27 one golfers that I work with. Those those couple, those are the assholes that slip through.

Everybody leaves a better golfer. Okay? But if you wanna stick to the golfer you got, we need to we need to stick to the follow up, and that's kind of leading into my next question. What do you think happens after the golf school? Well, my my biggest concern is that I wanna make sure that I'm able to get back to the core fundamentals, you know, that I need to work on. So for me, you know, having some kind of, some kind of plan or some kind of guide, I should say. I'll call it guide. You know, some kind of guide that'll just remind me, like, okay. You know, here are some of the key things that we identified.

Here are some of the key things that I need to work on to help me get back to, you know, what, you know, what I practice and what I learned at the golf school. So that's the biggest thing is that, you know, training takes about 6 months for you to engrade it into a habit. Okay? So one, to golf school for two days, I need to be working on those things, you know, religiously for 6 months to get those ingrained. So I'm you know, so I don't have to worry about a muscle memory. Right? So important. I I would say that's the typical makeup based on your experience and based on what you've been around, but we're very aggressive.

Would I say you need 6 months to make a complete change? No. I don't think you need 6 months to change this is those changes for 6 months to make it I I no. No. I totally understand. But I'm saying you might think it's 6 months. I've helped people get there in one month, two months, 3 months, 4 months. I don't think we're taking account. Not many people have had the opportunity to work with master professionals. Okay? These guys are very good at what they do. When they help you understand what's going one, and we're not working with you local. We're working with you 8 hours a day for a couple days in a row. We're gonna get enough reps in with positive muscle memory and get the other stuff out of there.

Alright? But where I'm talking about the follow up is we're gonna nail it down for you. Right? The guys that you work with are coming home with you. They're over your shoulder. They're going to your spare room. No. That's not realistic. But we're gonna be the next best thing directly through your phone. If you were on the Zoom, I would show you on my phone, but I can't because you're on this. But we're gonna download the performance golf app on your phone after the golf school. It's a really cool platform. We're gonna give a username, password. It's a really cool interface. We're gonna give you a nice little summary video of all the things that we worked on together, the the beginning stages of the the beginning stages of the practice plan, and after the golf school, get access to personal swing coaching to help you out to make sure you're staying on track.

Literally, you can send in for a full year after the golf school. Anytime you have a question, anytime you have a video of your swing, video of you working on your putting, a video of you working on whatever, the ability to set up two to 3 live sessions throughout the year as well where you can literally throw your headphones on, throw your phone on a stand, go in your front yard, go to the driving range. It's like we're there with you. But we know your swing better than you do. So you could send in a swing two weeks after the golf school and say, hey. Guess what? Everything looks great. Alright. Let's work on these two speed drills.

Alright. In the next week, this is gonna help you develop a tiny bit more distance, or for some reason at the golf school, 8 foot putts we were working on, your alignment was all screwed up. That's why we were just missing on the low side. So we fixed your alignment, and then you get back from the golf school, and then you're not playing for a week or whatever. You do this. You have not you have an event going on you forgot about, then you go play with Carl, and then you were this close, and then the reason why you lost is because you missed a couple short one, and you were unsure why you thought you were doing everything correctly.

You'll send a video of you puttting. We'll be like, hey. Remember the alignment show we worked on? That's why Carl got you this time. Okay? So whatever your whatever you need, we're there for you. Alright? That is just that's why we have such a high success rate with our golf schools. It's not just what we do with you during. It's what we do with you after. I wanna make sure you're supported, and if you're telling me you ain't gonna use that, you're lying to me. Alright? My most successful golf schools will typically send about one, video a week, about 4 months. Okay, and we'll set up live lessons with you in between because I'm gonna be a part of your journey the second we get back from the golf school too.

I wanna meet with you that week after, make sure you had a great time, make sure you know to analyze, make sure you have access to the performance golf app and know how to, you know, interact with everything, and I'll show you my back and forth. I'll show you how I go about one, and then I'll continue those conversations with you each month after that. Your goals are our goals. Okay? But that coaching is gonna be extremely awesome for you. Okay? Let me see something. Alright. Like I said, I'm gonna I can't show you on my phone because I'm on a Facetime. Typically, when I'm on Zoom, I can show you on my phone what it looks like.

So in addition, okay, we're also if we can find if we can find you a golf school to get you to, alright, and we can connect to one. We're offering this for the holidays. We created an application called Swing Fix AI. I'm also gonna download on your phone. It's unique to your analytics. It's augmented AI. So this app, you're literally gonna be able to pull it out at your house. You don't have to hit a golf ball to use it. This app, you can specify which club you're hitting with. Driver, iron, wedge, wood, hybrid, doesn't matter. So for example, you're gonna be able to pull out your phone. Okay, and actually, you wanna know what? Do me a favor.

Hop back on the Zoom. Okay? Hop back on the Zoom. Alright, and then I'm gonna finish up with the phone call so I can actually show you because it doesn't mean anything if I can't show you. Okay? Because it's **** cool. So hop back on the Zoom, and then I'll show you. I'll hang up, and then we'll finish up with the Facetime again. Alright. Sounds good. Alright. So I can actually show you. Yep. I know you probably won't be able to hear me. Alright? But, Yeah. I can hear you I can hear you fine on Zoom. Okay. Perfect. You'll be able to see it. Gotcha. Okay. So if you just enter into the Zoom again, I'm gonna show you what the app can do, then I'll hang up, and I'll show you.

Kevin, can you hear me? Yeah. I can hear you. Okay. So for some reason, I'm going back to the email link. K, and it's not letting me get back into the Zoom meeting for some reason. Because I because I probably kicked you out. That's why. Because I kicked you out prior. I removed you, so it probably and the fact that the call is on recording. That's why. So this is this is what I can do. Give me a second. How do I make it easier on us?

Give me a second.

So I'm gonna text you a new link. Okay? Yes. It's gonna come down one second.

Okay. I just texted you a link. Tell me if you get it.

They come through? Yeah. Okay. So I'm gonna I'm gonna cop off this, head pop into that one. I'll see you in a second. Okay, and then we'll hop on this to finish. Okay.

