# Transcript

---


**Speaker 0:**

Morning.

Morning.


**Speaker 4:**

How's everyone doing today?


**Speaker 0:**

Good. No one's picking up, though.


**Speaker 4:**

Well, maybe it's just the morning. Everyone will pick up in the afternoon.


**Speaker 0:**

Cool. Where is is Ed, and Cindy, and Kim is here. Who else am I missing? Mackie's out, I believe. Yes.

Mike in here? No. He isn't.

Cindy and Mike are on calls right now, so that's good to know. Oh, Mike's getting set. Nice. Okay. Sweet. Well, while we're waiting on them, does anyone have anything specific that they wanna go through today? Any specific troubles or issues that you guys are having?

K. I have one thing I wanna go over, but I wanna wait for Ed on this one.

Yeah. David.


**Speaker 6:**

One, of my one of my set who didn't confirm, you know, they show on Zoom, but they get Hanzel. So it sucks.


**Speaker 0:**

Yeah. Dude, that's one thing who's I talking to? I think it was Hansel. If you notice that one of your sets maybe check back in before you leave for the day, and just have them maybe, like, before the 24 hour mark. Because what we do is we keep it confirmed until 24 hours after the confirmation text was sent out, and if we don't get anything back from them, we mark it free. Right? Because you're you're set. Great. He showed up. But the majority of the time, when people don't confirm, they don't show. Like, that does not happen very frequently. Right? So what I would do if I were you, and Hanzel had the most shows. Last week, and the thing that he was doing is he was going and 24 hours or around the 24 hour mark, would message them and handle what was your specific text message that you were sending?


**Speaker 5:**

I'm just saying just please respond. I the closer sent you so that we could confirm your appointment or lock in your on their calendar.


**Speaker 0:**

Yeah. I just do that. I know it adds an extra layer of, like, things to do and like, admin type work, but, like, one, again, it'll pay dividends, especially if our show rate's a little lower. It will make sure that we have more confirmed calls and go from there. Right? Mike, I will tell you the same thing. Where did you pop up now? Oh, there you are. Okay. So we're just talking about, Andy had a call he set for someone and they showed, but they didn't confirm. So because of that, they got booked over top of. What I would do is, personally, I would check in maybe the night. Like, if you set someone, like, think you just set someone.

I check in this morning, and to see, like, did they or check in tonight. Sorry. They actually respond to that message? If they didn't, I just shoot them a reminder and say, hey, you just go and like, confirm that time and like, lock in your spot with a closer. Right. Hey. Can you respond to that tech just to make sure that we lock in your time? Right, and then if, like, they still don't say anything, maybe just message them again an hour and say, and if you need to reschedule, me know, or something. Like, Right? That makes sense. Yeah. Yep. Are we only double booking for nonconfirmed appointments? That's part of it. But then also we're double booking for paid ads at the moment. So we haven't noticed we only noticed one hiccup, and that was morning, and that's kinda why I wanted Ed to be Gerome, but I'll just reiterate it. King, you know where Ed is? I let me see. I think he's already sending a chat.


**Speaker 4:**

Because and then Cindy just got off her call.


**Speaker 0:**

She should be joining. Gerome in a second. He said he's going to do a quick bathroom break.


**Speaker 4:**

That was 11:14. Was it very quick, was it?


**Speaker 0:**

Okay. Cool. Well, regardless, I'll I'll go over this him and and Cindy. But, like I said, especially with paid ads, we're gonna have calls that two people show up at once. It's not gonna happen super one, but we're gonna have it happen, and let me get Cindy here. So, again, we are double booking, and like I showed you guys with the numbers, last week with paid ads, it's about 40 percent call to actual show up rate. Right? So what we've noticed is, like, we've double booked some paid ad blocks and zero of the people show up. Majority of the time, we double book the paid ad slots and one person shows up, and then infrequently, we will have two people who show up.

Now. Asol is gonna get on her team to make sure that, like, the closers to make sure that you know, closers who are available will take those calls. Right? But here and there, what I will say is Gerome and there, we are gonna drop a lead or two, and here and there, it will be a little bit frustrating, and that's okay. Right? Now what I will say, in my in my opinion, in my experience, most of the people who aren't willing to reschedule never gonna close in the 1st place. Because they're the ones with the shittiest attitude, the ones that, like, the world's against them and like, They tend to have a lower conversion rate. So if we lose a lead, like, we had two today that happened.

Alrighty. One, rescheduled for later today, and they were okay. With it. Right? They didn't really put up a fuss. They're like, okay. Yeah. No worries. Right? The other person was just being a complete a******, and I think that was Ed's set. So, not anything against Ed, but it was just the guy. Like, he was kind of an a******, and it's not someone I would have wanted on JV's calendar anyway. So he's gonna kinda probably go into the wind and and not get taken, and that's fine. Right? Totally okay. What I want you guys to just know is, like, keep track of it for your own sake. Like, if you notice it's happening a lot, let me know, and you notice that there's a lot of people showing up on the double bookings, then like, just let me know.

Like, if you say, hey. This week, I had 15 people show but I also had 5 people that showed that were double booked, and like, I should have had 5 extra shows, and what I can do is I can start to mark more of your sets. Busy. If I know that, like, you had 25 sets that week, and one, of them showed, Right? But if we're just if it's just kinda like the one offs here and there, it's gonna happen. It is what it is. We're just gonna get more sets. We're gonna find ways to get better sets, and we're gonna move forward. Is Gerome on board for that?

Does anyone have any hesitations with that, or problems or concerns?

K. Sweet. So, again, that's kind of the Assal here. It's like, if we notice it's happening a lot, we'll we'll switch things up. I'm gonna be testing a few things to see if I can drive show rate up, so it doesn't have to be the case just in general. Like I said, just wanna make sure everyone's in the same boat. Cool. Well, here's what I'm gonna do is. I have. Like I said, for the paid ads crew, so I have go back to this thread here. There's gonna be about 300 leads each, give or take.

Kim and Hansel you guys have had people you guys will have people that have been contacted once so far. That haven't responded or don't have a contact disposition. Get loaded into your power dialer. Half of them today are gonna get a text blast, and about 20 minutes. Other half, we're gonna get the text box tomorrow. Andy, Mike, King, Joel, Cindy, we're gonna have you guys, have a similar amount of leads that haven't been or only been contacted one. So far? Not twice, and there's about 330 of them, and again, same thing, half today, half tomorrow. They will get also get loaded into your power dialer. So first priority, hit back the people that, respond to you. What I will also say is, like, Mike king, and Andy and Cindy.

I'll say for you guys, if you guys also kinda wanna prioritize new leads that come in before hitting your power dialer. I'll say that's gonna be yours' priority for everyone else. Power dialer trumps new leads. Right? But if you finish all your new leads, just hit up the the Google Sheet and see, hey, like, is everyone contacted? If not, you guys can start to pluck away those, and then obviously, can call in drone. Who's on live chat today, by the way? Me? Jerome Wells? Ken?

I think Kim and Kim and Hanzel. Ed, Cindy, Okay. Maybe we're throwing Colin in there and like, take off if we just noticed that, like, someone is bombarded with text messages back, you guys can just kind of take a little less focus off on on live chat and just focus on the the yes. Responses. How is live chat flow, by the way? I know you said king. It's like it's not like a ton, but it's steady. Yeah. It's like two a minute according to Hansel earlier. So it's not steady steady, but not too much. Alright. Cool.


**Speaker 4:**

Works for me. Awesome. So that's kinda what we'll plan out the day today. Moving forward and then to.


**Speaker 0:**

Any questions on that? No. I I have a I think this is more for the confirmers.


**Speaker 4:**

What the the set of Cindy coming from paid ads agreed to be rescheduled Do we it is it possible if we mark that. Like, maybe different color on the calendar? Yeah. That's something. I I would say, like, if we have, like, a first priority 2nd priority system. Right? Like, whoever rescheduled already gets first priority if they show.


**Speaker 0:**

Gerome. Right. That's gonna be, like, a 100 percent of the time, and I'll let them know that as well, and if you just wanna let Matthew know and and everyone else, that'd be great. Great. But, yeah, I don't want people to have to get rescheduled twice. They're they're never no one's ever showing and closing after being rescheduled twice. So if they're already open to reschedule once, we make them party.

Any other questions, thoughts?

K. Okay. Well, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna keep on Mike Andy King. For now, and everyone else can go. So I'll let everyone get started with their day or keep going with their day. I'll chat to Heather. Let's go.

K. Where'd your tool go? I don't think you mentioned his name. Yeah. I'm doing not. Oh, s***. Okay. No. You didn't, David.

I'm gonna send you guys all a recording. I have a little bit of a little bit of a training I did with with one of my friends, and and just for context on hand, I've probably mentioned him a few times to to you guys overall, and Joe both know him. So. But he's he's the guy who, like he used to be a setter that made, like, 18, 20 grand a month. Probably one of the most efficient and effective setters I've ever met, like, just, like, productivity wise, but two, like, conversation quality wise. One of the best, and I was just, like, kinda throwing some ideas and some thoughts. We did a little bit of, like, some some mocks of of things that we can do and some additions and changes we can make to the script, and I'm gonna test some of these out with you guys with paid ads.

So I I wanna have more of, like, a baseline here, and Mike and Andy, I know I I made some shifts for you guys, but I'm gonna be a little bit more, like, strict on just kind of the flow of the call and how we do it. Especially the start of the call. Because I want the basis of the call to be around why did they here here's a thought on no. I'll send you the part of the recording that. Jared. Kinda went over. But the thought of it here is, like, every ad and this is where we get to leverage. Right? Every ad that we have probably gets thousands of impression today. If not, tens of 1,000.

With what we're spending. Right? I don't know the exact amount of impressions. I don't have those metrics. But they get a lot. Right? So let's just say, on average, we have even if it's a 1,000 impressions, just round number. It's a 1,000 impressions, and on an average day, we get, like, a one, one, 130, 140 leads. Right? So you have to think. There's 900 800 some people every single day that view our ad that don't click. They don't fill out our information. Their information. Right. There's probably even some people that do click, and they realize, I gotta give information. I'm not doing that.

Right? So what we wanna understand and like, the basis of our call should be, like, why we're like, not asking this question specifically, but I wanna understand why is this person not one, of the other 890 people didn't click on the ad, and didn't put in their information. Right, and Andy, I know you do this in a lot of different. I kinda want the basis of the conversation and the start of the conversation to start there. I don't want it to be hey. What are you working on? What do you shoot? Right? It's more like a if someone books a call and we're prequalifying them, hey. Well, get me started. I guess I'm I'm really curious.

Like, what really had you booked the call in the first place? Right, or hey. I obviously, it's all you we're looking for more information and you know, you share that information with us after the Facebook ad. Like, what really jumped out to you with the ad to to reach out in the first place? Right? I want that to be, like, the starting question.

I really wanna understand. Like, I don't want there to be a weak answer. Like, if I if I listen to a call and they say, oh, well, the ad just look cool, and they're like, okay. Cool. What are you working on? What do you shoot? That's a really weak answer. I will grill you if I hear that, and that you move on. Right. Because I I also like, here's the other philosophy here too. It's like, Mike, how many Facebook ads and Instagram ads pop up on your feed like, on a daily basis? Assuming you have both hundreds. Right, then how many do you have gone? Zero. Great. These people are in the same boat. They see hundreds of ads every single week.

They see 1,000 every month, year, whatever. Right? But they're only clicking on this one. So that's my question to them. Okay. Well, yeah, I I get it. Obviously, it looked cool, and and I might take, like, a little bit of joking frame here, but I might be like and and obviously, like, personally, I see a lot of ads, and I'm I'm sure you probably do too. Like, what may what about this ad specifically, like, jumped out to you to to click on it, and to actually, like, look more into it? Because I'm sure you don't click on every ad that you see. That looks cool. Right, and then now they're gonna start to sell us. Right?

They're gonna start to give us some basis, and we can start to base our questions off of it. Yeah. Well, I saw that, you know, it's it's an immersive experience. It's, like, a few days. I thought that was really cool. Right? They're gonna give us, like, the driving reason of why they're looking. Right, or they're gonna give us a really weak reason. Well, yeah, I don't know. It just looked cool. Okay. I hear you, man. Like, what what specifically look cool about our ad to make you, like, act. Assal. I mean, nothing specifically. Right, and like, if they kinda go in that direction, like, they're not gonna be the type of people that are gonna close. Just in general.

Right? Now is there other ways that we can go about trying to build up some excitement and and build value and be able to do. Sure. I think of an efficiency standpoint, it's, like, that's someone that we can, like, we need to see, do they have the proper intent? Because I think what I'm starting to to realize here and what we're starting to figure out is, like, we're we can book a lot of people from this, and there's two parts of like, solving a problem. Essentially. Right? Do people understand, like, what their problem is? Do they understand, like, what the pain is? They understand that. Right, and number two is, like, do they have intent to actually fix it?

So, like, what we're doing on our calls and what our script is is missing is, like, we're finding that people have a pain. They have a problem. Typically, but we're not really understanding, do they have intent to actually fix that problem, or how much? Right? So you're booking a lot of people who know they have a problem, They know that they have a slice. Right? But, like, the intent to fix it is, like, a 3 out of 10, and then we have two options. It's like, how do we build 3 out of 10 to be, like, an 8 out of 10, or how do we just move on from the 3 out of 10 and just find another 8 out of 10. 9 out of 10, 10 out of 10, with intent.

So I'm not gonna make these changes, like, quite quite yet. Joel, I know, like, I kinda have you doing it since you Gerome on that that session with Jared, but, like, gonna make some amendments to the script. I'm Jonas start to change up a few things. So keep doing what you're doing today. I'd maybe keep that in mind guys wanna throw that in there. But moving into, like, tomorrow and like, November specifically, I'm going to make that harsh change for you guys. I'm gonna hold you guys very accountable to it, and we're gonna see. Like, if we notice after a week that, like, we're not getting any sets, like, we're not getting any closes and like, volume's going way down, or it's getting a lot more resistance.

I'm totally cool to just, like, scratch it. Right, and we go back to what we're doing. That's the beautiful thing about having a system that works is we can try something new and we always have the ability to revert back. Right, then my head, like, when I look at our numbers, like, honestly, it gets it's okay. Don't think it's, like, working, working. I think it gets us profit. But, like, when I envision what, like, working means and what, like, a that's it. So just wanna give you guys a heads up. A few other Hanzel I'm making. I I kinda let. King know this, and I'll pull up that that doc, and I'll I'll share this with everyone again moving into November.

But just to keep you guys in the loop, Is few things. So number one, I'm gonna start to have a paid ads, like, distribution system. I'm gonna create an automation and a workflow through Zapier that. I I need to figure out how I'm gonna do it. So it might be November 1st. It might be a little bit later. What I'm gonna do is each time a lead comes in, their contact is gonna get updated in Aloware immediately, then the Allosure contact is gonna get assigned to one, of you guys. Now that's gonna make things easier. Now I'm gonna see if I can also have, like, a help scope ticket created when people book. Ideally, what I would have happen is, like, you guys just manage your own.

Like, you guys just manage your leads and you guys know who booked, like, I can create a tag that gets populated every time someone books, and then you guys, each day, you guys filter by that tag to make sure that you're calling people daily. Like, that's it's a little that way almost seems a little, like, weirder. I might keep it in Help Scout. I don't know. Like, I might change that one up. I'm not gonna go like, if a lead gets assigned to Mike, Help Scout ticket's gonna get assigned to Mike. I'm not gonna, like, switch it up. Right? So I wanna make sure that there's, like, a a proper system there. Now this also means it's, like, some days you might just get a bunch of bookings because, like, Mike, your 40 leads might just like, half of them book for some reason.

Whereas, like, some days Andy might have, you know, 40 leads, but, like, you know, only 3 of them book. Right? But overall, over the course of time, they'll allude to note. What I'm probably gonna do is I'm gonna start with assigning, like, 50 leads a day. Maybe 45, maybe 40. Right, and what my goal is to do it's probably gonna be, like, percentage based. My goal to do is, like, every time a lead comes in, they're just gonna populated to the top of your power dialer. So you guys can just kinda keep your power dialer on and like, just ringing. Right? You go through them and you're double dialing them, like, when a new lead comes in, they just populate back up to the top.

I'm gonna try and make sure that's the automation. Because that's number one. Number two is I'm probably gonna automate a tech message as well. So the same text message that you guys send, I'm probably just gonna send immediately as soon as they come in. Right? I might. Yeah. I'd probably just do that. That'll kinda take a little bit of that workload off you guys. Right, and then what we're gonna do is we're gonna kinda have, like, a 3, maybe a 4 day system. So you guys get 50 leads a day. Let's say over the course of those days, you're gonna have 10 conversations each, and some of them are gonna be declines. Some of them are gonna be not a fit.

Some of them are gonna be follow up. Some of them are gonna be just like the DNC and they message you back and they say stop. Right? That might mean over the course of 3 days, you have, like, a 120 leads to work. So I might make it a 4 day sequence. I wanna have happen. Day one, obviously, they they populate their, like, first priority. Once you're done all of the day one leads and you've called them twice, immediately, you're kinda moving on to day two leads, so one, day old. Right? You're recalling all the leads that you called yesterday, then day 3 leads may be day 4. So what's gonna happen here is, like, rather than us having just, like, this freaking scattered Google Sheet that we're trying to work off of, and it's really inefficient, and then sometimes there's there's a blank status and you know, we'll go in and we, like, copy the number and we get into Allosure and someone called them freaking, like, 5 minutes ago and you're like, it wasn't updated. Now it's this whole, like, annoying thing. Right? I'm gonna try and maximize our efficiency.

So what this means is, like, Mike, someone like you, like, you've had days where you've gotten, like, 7, 8 sets. Is, like ideally, I wanna be able to to tighten the filter a little bit but also still give you the ability to get, like, one, 8˘. Because you're just talking to more people.

Right. So that's the goal of all this. Now we'll we'll play around with it as time goes on. We'll kinda see how it works, see how it, it goes, like, fully. But. That's gonna be the idea here, and I'm probably gonna have two different because I'd say it's about 50 checkbox in our ad to opt in SMS. The other 50 percent don't. I did take off. III shut off this app that automatically text people. From Twilio to book a call, we didn't really get many results from it. It was more no shows than anything for the people who did book. So I'm just gonna have everything route to a setter. I'd rather that and you guys talk to them than it being, like, an automated text that they book and then a setter reaches out.

So that's gonna be the goal there. Again, I'll I'll figure out the exact logistics of it, but that's what we're gonna do. What I'm also gonna do and I'll I'll tell this to the team because I'm gonna do this team wide is. The notes will go into the Zoho attribution form instead of one, up, and there's two reasons for that. Number one is, like, the notes are gonna be the notes, like, they're seen by the the the member or the the lead. Right? So, like, we booked them. The the notes that we put in there also get sent to the member. So, like, that's probably a very small reason. This should like, contributing to, showrite is, like, people ghost us because they look in Gerome, and they, like are, like, woah.

Like, they said I'm cost qualifier. Woah. Okay. Like, this is another number. We kinda wanna take that away, and then number two, what I'm also gonna add to the Zoho attribution form is I'm gonna split paid ads into paid ads sets and paid ads, like, confirm and pre Confirm. Yeah. Just so we can track for for each person. Like, is Andy doing really well at setting, but he sucks at prequalifying, and like.


**Speaker 4:**

Is King really good at prequalifying, but he sucked at setting. Right?


**Speaker 0:**

Right? We can start to see, like, how that adds up. So those are a few of the Hanzel I'm gonna make. Obviously, the script changes. I have quite a few other, like, small things that are just kind of in the back of my head that aren't priority. But. That's the goal here. So my goal here is is just really on efficiency. How can I give you guys the most amount of efficiency the most amount of time doing revenue generating activities? Right, and the least amount of time having to I'm gonna start to consolidate sheets. So, like, the paid ads Facebook tracker, probably just gonna, like, say, don't even touch that after. I create this whole system. Just say, like, just work your leads in Aloehr one.

I'm gonna change some of the contact dispositions and call dispositions, and we're just gonna work off that. Because we can see primarily the same data based on who's the owner of the contact, or whose line it was off of, contact disposition one. So, again, it's gonna shave down some time for us not having to, like, put emails of a two minute conversation saying that they declined or they weren't a fit. So, again, ideally, you guys are spending as much time on calls, texting, dialing, and less amount of time on activities that just aren't really generating anything for you.

So that'll be the idea. With that, you'll probably be able to get more dials in. So right now, a lot of you guys kind of hovering around, like, 70 to 90 dials a day, maybe a one. Like, Joel, he got 3 sets the other day. I gave him a bunch of, like, a bunch of old leads, like, just, like, the the bottom of the barrel paid ads leads. He got 3 sets. Also had, like, 220 dials or something. So, like, we should be able to start getting those numbers up. A lot higher, and again, it's just gonna be easier to get those numbers up higher. With the same amount of hours spent. So that's what I'm excited for, and I think again, Mike, I know we've talked a lot about getting you to the 100 k marker.

Think this is, like, one of the ways that it happens. Another way we're gonna start to dial in scripting and just, like, your like how you're taking the calls, but that's gonna be the ways efficiency. Awesome. Sweet, man. Well, let's do this. I know I have a one, on one with you, Mike, and then Andy. I will jump on those links.

All good. K. So, you guys, well, I will chat with all of you later. Cheers.

