# Transcript

---


**Speaker 0:**

Beautiful. So give me a quick, background, Cheryl. Where do you live? I know I think in Mass. Correct? Yeah. I live in Walpole, Massachusetts, kinda near Boston, a little close to Foxborough.

Yeah. That's where we live. Gotcha. Gotcha. Fair enough. Always been home for you? Gotcha. Massachusetts. Yes. Okay. Nice. Nice. Nice. Nice, and as far as playing golf, I know you've been playing for close to, if I'm not mistaken, close to 40 years. Is that correct? Actually, I started maybe one or 20, and I played in a league at my work for many, many years, like, about 20 years' worth of league play. I joined a course probably 5 years ago. My husband's been a member of this course from almost 30. Okay. Wow. A lot of years. Okay. Yeah, and it's a 9 hole pretty aggressive course that we play, and we play it in the summer, we play it 3 3 or 4 times a week.

Okay. 9. Nice, and then there, you're typically shooting right around 49.50 per 9 for yourself. Right? One, sometimes 57, sometimes 45. I mean, it's just but on average, my handicap, I think, makes it about a one, I think, is my handicap, and what about David? It's so I think his is more like 16 or 17. Okay. Gotcha. Okay, and I know you guys try to get there at least at least two, 3 times a week, whether it's on the simulator or it's, you know, the 9 hole type of a deal. Yeah. We play simulator in the winter all year. Yeah. I I lived in Florida, so I got, you know, golf year round. I'm not trying to rub it in your face or anything, but but your but your season's, like, kinda like, early April, October kind of a deal?

Is that kinda like your season or May? Comfortably May. Yeah. We don't like I mean, my husband golfed all through November. I golfed once in November when it was like a 60 degree day, but I won't golf when it starts to be 45 and 50. That's not fun for me. I live in Florida for a reason. I don't like the field in my fingers either. I'll leave it. I grew up in South Florida, actually. I mean, I got a lot of family in New York. My fiance's family is in New York. So, you know, but I'm I'm 36, and I've been here since I'm 5. So for me to say I'm from anywhere else, it doesn't really make sense at this point. I'm clucky. Yeah. Fair enough. Fair enough. Well, we're we're welcome you whenever you're ready. Leave it at that. Florida's always always open for you guys.

First time? First time. Yeah. I had tickets in 2020, and it got canceled. So. Yeah. COVID's COVID. You know? But, no. It's a fantastic tournament. I've been there for a few few years. A lot of fun. Okay, and when it comes to you, I mean, do you think your husband's kinda struggling with the same things? Does he kinda struggle with distance? Hits the does he hit the ball straight? Things like that. Just really. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. What do what do you think his major issues are? I don't Who do you think his major issues are, though, if you had to if you had to give me an assessment? Where do you think he struggles most outside of distance?

Sometimes short overhitting or under hitting a short shot. I see that more in the in the, simulator, though, than I do on the course. On the course, he's really, really good, you know, within a one yards of the green. He's really good. I mean, he's a good golfer. He just, his distance is not as far as he'd like it to be. Gotcha. I know he's typically right around 22220, 230. You're right around 1040150 and that's on the simulator, but a little a little less when it comes to the golf course. Right? No. It's the opposite. Okay. I heard it incorrectly then Okay. That's why I was confused because I was like, because typically, it's the opposite.

I just wasn't sure. I guess, on the outside, I feel like inside on the simulator, I don't feel free to swing through because sometimes the ball hits off the wall and comes back at you. There's some some dynamic in there that makes me not feel as comfortable to really swing through. Yeah. Absolutely, and it's the brain too part of it. You know? The right side of the brain is the right side of the brain. You know what I mean? There was a good good amount of while where, you know, when I lived in New York for a tiny I didn't like too much practice, you know, out when I wasn't outside, but I got used to it. We'll leave it at that. See teach thorough. Alright, and as far as lessons, I know you guys have taken actually, quick. I didn't even ask you. What do you do for work if I may ask? I know you're in the office, and I'm like.

Any anyone I that's I mean, when I finished that, Siemens? Yeah. Yeah. Siemens hair diagnostics. Yeah. I'm very familiar. That's I mean, I went to cool school for health administration and marketing. So I worked for a pretty large orthopedic group. I worked with Stryker for a little bit and some other, you know, so I'm very familiar with your your your neck of the woods on some level, but the second they switched from ICD 9 to ICD 10 and they threw me in the middle of that, I was like, like, I don't know if I like this stuff. Okay. Alright. You you deal with 65 old fashioned doctors that don't like to change, and then they they that that III got exhausted with the health insurance side very quickly.

Yeah. Right. Yeah. But I've always golfed, so I found my mission in this business. We'll leave it at that. Alright. So as far as David, is he still working, or is he retired? He's he's still a steel company. Very cool. Awesome. You guys are running running the show and still getting out there a couple days a week. Good for you. I love that. After work. After work. I gotcha. Fair enough. Yeah. We're not salespeople. We have to work. I gotcha. I gotcha. I gotcha. Fair enough. So as soon as fallback happens, we don't golf at night. Fair enough, and I did say couple days a week. I didn't say during the day. We'll leave it at the end. Fair enough. We are getting up. As far as lessons though, I know based on the conversation that you had, I know.

Guesstimate, how many different pros have you worked with over the last, let's say, 5 or 6 years?

Okay, and if you had to give me a guess of how many lessons you've had with those 5.

30. K. Any on course instruction within those 30? Yes. Like, on the actual golf course playing golf with you? Cool. Yeah, and the other lessons, are they on the range, practice area, simulator? Yeah. Okay. So it's not it's never an actual grass when you're not on the course? Correct. Okay, and other pros, were they simulator as well?

Within our golf course, I've taken lessons from both of them, and both of them were outside at the course on the course. Okay, then I've taken lessons at Golftech. We did a whole year like, a whole, like, fall through spring indoors on Golftech with the video simulator and the analyzer? Yeah. All the bells, all the whistles, and all the all the it's a lot of it's a lot of cool stuff. Alright? Cool. But. Yeah. It didn't help. I I was about to ask. So I quick story without diving too deep into the golf tech experience. I went there 11 years ago with my dad. Had a fantastic experience when he was first starting out. Loved it. Had a great time.

Loved everything about it. Fast forward 6 years ago, I kinda did a, you know, let's do it again, dad, and didn't have the best experience. Alright? Very technology, very mechanical, very analytical, very get me to swing like one I couldn't swing like. We'll leave it at that. Separate conversation. Yep. The last lesson I had was with a woman. I think I mentioned this on my call. She's a long term. Driver, and she gave you the tip of swing harder. She just she was better because she was less into the. Mechanic. Shoulder this, and you know, I don't I don't I'm a believer in intuitive learn learning, and this whole, like, tip your shoulder at 20 degrees and hold your wrist at this angle, it just walks me up, and I I'm thinking all these thoughts, and even in my tennis game, because I play competitive tennis, and my coach is constantly saying, no.

Dip your wrist and fall through an eye, and I'm thinking, I haven't tennis since since I could walk, so why are you doing some 61 years old. I am a good tennis player. When he starts messing with me, I go, okay. Well, you just ruined everything that was good about my game. I get it. He wants to have more consistency and more, height over the net and more spin to get the ball one, but, okay, that's great. But all the mechanics, they don't work. That just isn't working. Is David kinda the same way? No. He loves all the mechanics stuff. Good. Alright. I like a mixture of both. That's typically the case. It's one or the other.

Okay? So just by saying that, you kinda So I'll give you an idea and you'll you'll understand why I'm saying this right now. So when it comes to the golf coaches I work with, in in golf instruction, I'll never down talk any coaches. I'll never down talk those that do their job. I've worked with a lot of them. I tried it myself. Separate conversation. I'd rather work with the best coaches out there. Alright? That's just a separate conversation. All coaches, meanwhile, they're not trying to they're not trying to hurt you. I mean, maybe golf tech is a separate situation, but they're not trying to hurt you. Okay? But there's also different tiers to golf coaches. There's levels to coaching.

So there's a there's a a designation in golf instruction called a master professional. I don't know if you ever heard of that, what that means. Very good at what these guys do. So there's 423 of these guys in the entire country. There's a top 50. I work with 15 of the guys to make that list. Okay. These guys are very talented. They're very good at what they do. They don't try to cookie cutter it. They cuss and tail the approach to every golfer. They get that golfer to swing like that golfer can. They're all focused on timing, sequencing, the proper tempo, the proper techniques, and obviously getting the club face where it needs to be, and they have a very unique process of how they help the golfer accomplish those things.

But at the same time, I wanna set you up with the right person. So but you told me you understand positions, you understand mechanics because you've had so many of them. But I think you have a little paralysis by analysis at this point. Would you agree? Little little bit of the golfer rabbit hole. Alright? Yeah. Just a little bit. Okay. On the exact opposite, David's very keen on mechanics. He loves the positions. He loves the technology. So out of my 15 coaches, I work with 5 field coaches. I work with 5 mechanical coaches. Would I send you a mechanical coach? No. Would I send him to a field coach? No. But would I send you guys both to a hybrid coach?

You're absolutely **** right. Okay? Hybrid coaches are trained in both avenues. I only have 5 of them. So as far as opportunities are concerned, at least we're able to eliminate 10 of my coaches. Great people, love them to death, but they're not a good fit for you guys. So we would we would kinda gear that type of an approach. Does that hybrid approach, you understanding the right positions, the right mechanics for you, and then one we understand those, helping you feel what you need to feel rather than get it all in your head. That kind of makes sense to you, and then somebody like David, he understands the position. He understands the mechanics. But when you get way too much of it and you like analyzing them, you can shoot yourself in the foot sometimes.

So if we can help and eliminate that right side of the brain and then have him feel it, that's a separate part of the story. Okay? So so both all these guys have been trained heavily in all areas. Okay? So that's kind of the coach I would set you guys up with. But when it comes to goals, alright, you, I heard it. Justin, wanna get into the nineties. From the nineties, you'll probably wanna get into the eighties, but you just wanna break out of that mood that you kinda been stuck in. Okay? Find consistency, get more distance, get that swing confidence down. One? When it comes to David, what do you think his goal would be? He you know what?

He he can play, like, 5 great holes, and then he always has, like, one or two just blow up holes. I think he would if he were on this call, he'd say that he wants to just play well consistently and not have that one hole, and he does tend to, like. I I think that he thinks ahead. He starts to go, okay. I'm one under after 4 holes. I'm one under after 5. I'm even after 6. I'm gonna break I'm gonna shoot par, then he has this one hole where it just and then the everything's ruined, and for him, it's how do you kind of either eliminate that one hole or or Or be able to manage your expectations and manage the fact that you will always screw up.

Pro screw up all the time, but it's for hours a week, and I say to them all and I watch tennis when we're not watching golf, and I've learned over time to say, you know, people hit the ball in the net. The most or someone hits an overhead in the net. I'm not a bad tennis player because I hit a ball in the net, and I just let it go. That's not easy. That's taken me many, many years to get past. So for him, I know he has all the ability. I think it's more to, does he play tennis too? No. Okay. Gotcha. He's he's had a hip replacement, so that doesn't work so well for him. Gotcha. Does he feel is he feeling any limitations from the hip? Okay. But when did when was the hip done?

20 plus years ago. Okay. It's been a while. Okay. Gotcha. I thought it was pretty recently. Okay. Fair enough. Alright. Fair enough, and has David had on course instruction before, like an on course play lesson? Okay. He's had.

No. Maybe somebody has not oh, we went on a on a golf vacation several years ago. I don't know if it was Florida or somewhere else, and we had some you know, that chipping and putting. Pay Pals. I think he might have gone with our golf pro one or two times on the course, but I don't think too much. Okay. Okay. Gotcha. That's one area too. I've never really had a lesson, like, how to hit a ball out of a sand trap. Okay, or or I've had a really good my pro, Chris, that's at our golf course, did a really good lesson of chipping, that I that I still it really resonated with me, but I've never had a lesson out of the sand or a putt. I had in inside putting lessons, but I've not had an outside putting lesson. Okay. Neither. Okay. Gotcha.

And if a golf score were to make sense, we we I cross the t's for you, dot the I's of what a perfect experience would look like. Is this something that you're trying to do as, like, a surprise for David Holiday president? You know, I figured that was the case. So timing wise, you know, you run the show, he runs the show type of a deal, but, you know, when it comes to scheduling and whatnot, when would be the best time frame if it all made sense? I would think, like, early May. Early May. That's what I was thinking. Because, you know, at the end of the day, I want you guys to really, you know, go to this and be able to kick start your season right away.

You know what I mean? That that would be my should so I was I was kinda thinking April was, like, the the money zone and worst out of all of January, February, 1st part of March in the first place. You know, if it was if it was one spot, yeah, I might be able to triple in, but when we're talking about potentially two spots, that's kind of the deal there. Yeah. We've got the we've got a wedding end of February, early March, then we'll be in Florida mid March, then we probably have to be around here. Probably early May would be the first time. So, yeah, that makes the most sense. I don't want you to go to the school and then be traveling and doing this and wedding, and I want you to be able to go and take full advantage of everything that we did right away.

That's what it's all about. Okay, and as far as, practice, you ever heard of the term practice makes perfect? You know, it's not the case when it comes to golf. It's called perfect practice makes perfect. So that's my question. When you guys do play and practice from time to time, have you ever been given, like, a customized practice plan that was tailored to you and what you're capable of doing? Okay. Sure. David? Okay, and do you guys record each other's swings often or no? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Fair enough. Awesome, and you guys enjoy practicing together. You enjoy doing these things together. Right? I mean, we love it. We both love golf more than anything. So we're we're the people who take golf clubs everywhere we go.

Love it. I got my fiance into golf for a reason. I was hoping for the same, and then we're there now. Alright? Getting there getting married end of January, already playing in the honeymoon golf course right around it. So we're we're we're in the. We take our clubs everywhere. Absolutely. There's nothing better than that. Like I said, alright? So let's for yourself, I forgot to ask. Do you have any injuries that you're currently dealing with? Nothing at all? I know David's passed his, passed his. He's feeling alright for the most part. Alright. Good. Good. My core dem I mean, my core demographic of the people that come after these golf schools are fully typically floating in between the ages of 53 and 78.

We're not dealing with 30 year olds like myself. The reason I ask those questions, I'm typically used to hearing, yeah, I got some back pain, I got some rotational issues, I got I got neuropathy, I got arthritis, I got things like that. So no no excuses. Good stuff. Alright. I love that. Alright. Perfect. So you're filling in all the blanks for me, Cheryl, and I appreciate your patience and willingness to answer all my questions, and This is the time of day when the sun is right in my face. So. All good. If you wanna close it, go for it. One wanna close it real quick? Okay. It's not something on the side of it. Gotcha. Not much you can do.

I hear it. I mean, it feels wonderful to see the sun. So. I could dig it. No problem there. Alrighty. So let's talk about how the golf school works. If it makes sense to get you there, we'd love to we'd love to get you set up with the best thing possible. Okay, and you are willing to travel. Correct? Get out of here. Alright? Yeah. Fair enough. So the way these golf schools work, Cheryl, is you and David are gonna come out for a couple days. You guys are gonna have a lot of fun. Like Hansel said, yes. These are golf vacations. Bring your clubs. Come back a much better golfer. But the first two hours on day one, no matter what school you go to, it's the same thing across the board.

You need to jump in the trenches a little bit. We need to roll our roll up our sleeves, really figure what's going on. So with every golfer, when you guys get there, we're gonna do something called a swing analysis, a full swing root flaw analysis. Okay. What we're kinda looking for is when it comes to you, when it comes to David, when it comes to distance and the contact and all those things that we're looking to accomplish, especially when it comes to our full swing, whether it's a drive or an iron, a wood, a hybrid, our timing is off right now. Your sequencing is off. The rhythm is off. The tempo, the club face is not getting where it needs to be, and the reason why that happens, I'm sure to you and a lot of golfers we work with, the golfer rabbit hole, the paralysis by analysis, way too many pieces of conflicting information and on top of it not practicing the right things.

So what starts to happen to the golfer is we start to spin our wheels. We supersede the most foundational fundamental flaw in our sequencing called the root flaw. Okay? When we diagnose the root flaw, what starts to happen is we start to open up that sequence, when we start to open up that rhythm, and we start ingraining positive muscle memory when we're swinging, addressing that flaw, and what are we getting in return? We're getting rid of the negative stuff that we already got ingrained. Those habits should have been there in the first place. Okay? So essentially, where I'm trying to get at is every at every problem, there's a root cause of the problem. Get to the root cause of the problem, eliminate the problem.

There's no difference when it comes to a golf swing, but we just make it a little more difficult than it needs to be by doing all the things that we've been doing, and I've been there myself too. Okay? But that but that concept, does it make complete sense to you or does it not make sense to you? Makes makes sense. Okay. Do does this process what I'm describing so far different from what you've experienced with other lessons in the past? No. As you've you've done this before?

Done before, on the video, and and I yeah. No. I've seen that, but maybe this is a different approach. It's it's very different because you can work with any pro. You can go to any golf, you can do anything, and you could be anybody. You can say I'm a golf pro, and you put you put me next to a simulator, and I tell you some stuff that I know, and you might think I'm a golf trainer. What I'm trying to say is you can analyze any aspect of your swing by throwing something on the track, man. A root diagnosis is a little bit different. Root diagnosis is, yeah, we need the information. Just I mean, my guys are so good.

They can look at your swing in two hours and probably diagnose the root flaw without needing the technology. But the technology just helps them reinforce their diagnosis and make sure we understand, and why we need that is when we're having that back and forth one those two hours, clearing your brain, joking around talking to you guys, joking around, really understanding the one, we're talking through these positions that we're going through, and we're and we're talking about the positions that were there that shouldn't have been there. Okay? Every single person has a root for our two that they need to focus, and I think you and I both know if we were to focus on those things rather than all the other ******** that we don't need to focus on, one will clear your brain a lot quicker, a lot more efficiently.

Yeah. Okay? So that's where we need to start with every golfer. Alright, and the reason why you can't do that locally, here's the deal. When you're working with somebody locally, again, I'm not down talking pros, but sometimes they're limited. Limited number one with the expertise, dealing with that golfer, and having that why and how combination. Some pros, good pros will give you 3 or 4 variations of something until you get it. These guys can give you 20 until you finally get it. But what they're diligent. Alright? They're efficient, and they know everything. Okay? Some of these guys, they've been coaching for 40, 50 years, some of these guys. Okay? They love what they do. It's not work for them.

Okay? But they need to understand the golfer, and the reason why we can't do it is we're limited in time too when you're working locally. You have an hour to ingrain all this positive muscle memory, start a root diagnosis, do that in an hour? How the hell are we gonna do that? Okay. The two hours, that's when things start to click. The sequencing starts to make sense. We start to get better rhythm. By the end of those two hours, we're gonna start to get better rhythm. We're gonna start to flow. We're gonna start to be a little more efficient with our sequencing. We're gonna start to get more distance. We're gonna feel the distance. We're gonna start hitting the ball where it needs to be on the club face square.

Right. Those things are gonna start to start to feel, and then when we get that motion going, we take a break. Okay, and then we're gonna take you somewhere, but that's essentially phase one. Okay? That concept makes complete sense. Correct? Right. It does. Okay. Awesome. We're gonna record your whole experience beginning to finish. Detailed notes, videos, drills, everything that we accomplished together, we're nailing them down so you can always get back to these things later down the road. Okay? But in the but in the afternoon, where do you think we're gonna take you? The most important. At a golf course. We're gonna be on the golf course. You're **** right. Some people say, Justin, we're going right back to the driving range.

Okay. So we're gonna be on the golf course taking time in every single golf shot. Okay? Imagine having guys like Rick Smith or Martin Chuck or Erica Larkin or Carolyn Pinnigan or or JT Thomas, Brian Mogg, Dave Ledbetter. The guys like this standing up your shoulder on the golf course is a little different than your everyday golf coach. Right. Okay? Yeah. Alright. So when we're hitting bad golf shots, somebody like David who's on the golf course and has those moments, we wanna groove those moments where they're not good. Okay, and have a coach over their shoulder understand together how to not do it again. Okay? So from tee to green where you guys struggle and dedicate all the energy to you guys.

If you guys wanted to be in the same group while you guys are there, awesome. You guys wanna be separated, awesome. It doesn't matter. Every single golfer gets several hours of one on one work with the main master professional. These master professionals have a group of, you know, guys that work with them. Every single player gets one on one. When you're not in that one on one setting, rotating stations. 3 3 players per coach. It'll be you, David, one other player, and one coach. Okay? Circulating around. You could be in a group of 6 golfers, 8 golfers, 10 golfers. Typically between 6 12 is the range. Just all depends on where you're going, but every gets everybody gets ample amount of one on one.

Okay? Okay. But on the golf course, we're getting it dialed in. All those areas, bunkers, fall above your feet, below your feet, different situations. Okay. Lag putting, you know, things that, you know, will help you out. We want that confidence going because that's where it matters most on the golf course. Okay? You can you can hit all the great balls on the simulator, all the great balls in the driving range you want, but I want it to translate to the golf course. I don't want player a, player b. I want player a, player a okay? We'll rinse and repeat that process. We'll have some full games. We'll have some fun competitions throughout. We'll give you recommendations, your equipment, essentially club assessments throughout the golf school.

We will start to customize what you said you never had access to before, and a lot of people don't, and that's why we built this program too. Okay? So you are familiar with us at performance golf. Correct? You know who we are as a business? I mean, I only saw videos on Instagram, and I and I set up the call. So I don't know. I'll I'll kinda give you the quick elevator version. 11 years ago, very small company. K. Couple golf coaches, couple of online training videos. That's it. Fast forward 11 years later, we're a 260,000,000 dollars company. We're the fastest growing golf company in the golf space. We have online training videos.

We have train aids and golf clubs and this and that, but now we have a very separate extension of our business, these VIP experiences. The reason why we started these is in the beginning stages of our business, we are having a lot of conversations. Okay, and through those conversations, what were you loving about our programs? What were you disliking? When you were getting other lessons, what were you liking about the lessons? What were what was lacking from your perspective? What did you wish you had more of? Well, Justin, like, I'd be in a situation where, you know, we'd go on a trip for a month, and then we'd come back, and we had a lot of stuff going on, and then I tweak my back, and then I'm not playing for two weeks, and I get back and crap, I'm doing stuff I was doing before, and I had no follow up.

I had no reinforcement. I had nobody over my shoulder to make sure I'm doing things correctly. K. So after the golf school, that's kinda what I'm leaning towards. What do you think happens to you guys after you leave the golf school? No idea. Help me out here, Cheryl. I know you're a patient individual. Okay? I I know do you have no idea how many golfers I've worked with. If I could tell you exactly what's going on in your head, I would wanna say it. Alright? But I have a feeling we're having a little bit of it's like, Justin, get to the point. I understand what's going on. Hope hopefully, I'm not there. Gonna say that I get follow up, but then I was like, won't you tell me?

Because I wanna collaborate it back and forth. I always fill in the blanks. I There is never a wrong answer, but I like a collaborative effort because I wanna see what you would utilize, what you wouldn't utilize. Alright? These are very custom tailored. Alright? But I'll kinda fill in the blanks for you. You go to the golf school. For example, I send you to a Martin Shuck, number 7th golf coach in the world. You go out to see him. I'm already thinking of a place I wanna send you. Grand Geneva, Wisconsin. Not not sure if you've ever been there. May, June, July. Beautiful time to be there. Fantastic place. Alright? You're working with Martin during the golf school, having a great time, mister mister people's coach, that's his nickname.

You're gonna give it to himself. Okay, and you're at this golf school, for example. Alright? **** it. I wish I had my phone because I can't show you what I wanna show you. Oh, man. That is horrible. Alright? So I don't know if I could show you, actually. Actually, I'll try. Alright? Let me see this. No. I can't do that. It's it's impossible. I was gonna try to, like, flip my screen around. I'm not using my head. If I were to flip my screen around, you would just see that, and I'm on the phone with you. It makes no sense. Okay. Okay. So kinda wanna show you, but you're not on the Zoom. Alright? But, we'll we'll I think you'll get the gist of it.

So every swing that you do at the golf school is recorded. Okay? If I were to show you on my phone, I've been to these golf schools. I've been in these golf clinics. Have you ever heard of an app called Coachnow, for example? Do you know what Coachnow is? Coachnow is a very intuitive coaching app, not just for not for just for golf, not just for baseball, not just for basketball. It's a coaching tool. It's one of the best coaching tools out there. You get to take that forever. Okay? It's got all the swings that you ever accomplished. So if I was showing you on mine, I'd be scrolling down all my videos. So for example, I sent you to this golf school, and after day two one the golf school, Martin pulls you and David to the side, and you say, Cheryl, look at your swing on day one.

Look what we're doing now. Look at this freaking disc look at the distance differ difference. Look at the same here, David. When you guys get home, when you're playing in practice, when you're on your simulator, when you're at the golf course, guess what? I'm there for you. I'm your coach. Anytime you need a question, anytime you have anything you're working on, any anytime you wanna make sure something is looking good, you send it directly back to him, and he's gonna analyze your video. The number 7 golf coach in the country. Alright? Isn't that? Alright? Okay. You have him in your back pocket to make sure you're doing things correctly. Okay? Yeah. Right at the right at the end of the tail end of the call, if we have a couple extra minutes, I will make sure you can hop back onto the Zoom so I can show you what I'm talking about.

Okay? Because that is so priceless. Alright? Having a guy that knows your swings better than you do in your back pocket whenever you need them, you don't treat them like a gym membership. He literally makes the same joke with every golfer. Cheryl, do not treat me like a gym membership. David, the same. I sent guys to his golf school, gals to his golf school 4, 5 years ago. They still send in videos, and he still gets back to you. Okay? Great, and it and it's not just just telling you what you're doing. It's him sending a video back before, after, your swing next to the after swing, breaking down everything. You can send him a one second swing.

He's gonna send you a 5, 6 minute video back, a 10 minute video back, telling everything he loves, what he doesn't like, breaking it down. Okay? To make sure you guys have that feedback. You guys both get you guys get a minimum of a year of that each. Okay? Another thing I wish I could show you, but I can't do it on my phone. But if you hop off with me right at the end and we don't talk to each other, at least I can show you what I'm talking about. If we find a golf school to get you to, we're also gonna commit you guys to something called Swing Fix AI. Both of you guys are gonna get a lifetime membership to it.

But I guess if I had it in my phone, I'd show you what it does. Okay? So we created an app that we're gonna download on both of your iPhones after the golf school. 10 years in development, we launched our VIP version two months ago. Analyzing your swing specific to your analytics, augmented AI. So for example, if you were to pull your driver out in your office, your front yard, wherever you can swing, you don't have to hit a golf ball. You'd be able to set your phone up to the side. Alright. There's a little red box, which I'll show you. Okay. There's other companies that are out there have very similar capability, but we just kind of watch what they've been doing and we kind of developed our own product.

So for example, if you were to pull out your driver, okay, and you were to swing with your driver and at the golf school, we diagnose your pelvic rotation as your core root flaw. This app will analyze your pelvis for you within a one percent accuracy and then tell you what you're doing in the middle. K, and tell you how you're off and what you need to do in between swings. You'll get the app. David will get the app. You guys both get the app on your phones and you guys both get a lifetime membership to it. Awesome. Okay. Great. Alright. That's the entire golf school. Okay? You come out for a two day golf event, 8 hours a day, fun, immersive, get to the nuts and bolts of why we're truly struggling with our timing and our sequencing, understand what's going on, everything recorded, golf course each afternoon, everything I just described.

Okay? The coaching, does that sound like something that, we need? I think so. Yeah. Okay. Beautiful. So I wanna tell you what I wanna send you. You saw what I was gonna do in there. Alright? I wanna send you to my coach. My coach is my coach is Martin Chuck. Okay? He's in Grand Geneva, Wisconsin between May, okay, and mid August. Okay? Probably May would be the most ideal option I would imagine. Okay? Thank you. Alright. So if I'm looking at scheduling, I'll tell you where. I'll tell you when I have them and see see what that see if it at least makes sense for the schedule. Alright?

And you said you've never been to Wisconsin. Correct? I don't think so. Not not many people. You don't wanna go to Wisconsin outside of May to June. Alright, or May to May to August. Right? But in that period, it is so nice. Alright. It's a very nice place to be. It's somewhere different. It's like a second home for, Martin and his family. Okay? He's typically stationed in Arizona. When he escapes Arizona, you don't wanna be in, like, Arizona. You know, it's gets pretty crazy in the valley, so he travels other places and takes his family with him. Alright? So let me pull up the dates here.

Alright, and if you don't mind right before because I really kinda wanna show you what we can do with this. I kinda wanna show you the apps and show you how cool they are. So once we finish off this part, what I'll do is I'll just have you sign back onto the Zoom just so you can so I can show you. I don't have to hear you. You can always finish off the just because I want you to actually see what you know, we're gonna you know, so you can understand what it actually is gonna do for you. So if we're talking May 6th May 7th, alright, I am in my last two spots, but May 8th 9th, the two days later, I do have 4 spots.

Okay? Alright, and then after that, we're talking June, July, August, September. Alright? But I'd, I would love to get early May if possible. That would be the most ideal option. I just wanna look at my calendar. Yeah. Take your, yeah, take your time. You fly into Milwaukee. It's about 30 minutes away from, from your location. It's a place called yeah. You'd fly in the Milwaukee airport. It's called Grand Lake Geneva. It's Grand Geneva Resort. It's got a lot of history. I don't know if you guys, like a little bit of history, but, it used to be, like, one of, like, the, ******* getaways for a lot of, like, the executives and this and that. It obviously no.

It's been a lot lot of years past that. But, everybody downtown will tell you the story. We'll leave it at that. But it's a really cool place. Very scenic, beautiful lake, very quiet. It's a nice very nice place. That sounds one, and it's nice that some place we haven't been. Yeah. That's what. I was kinda leaning towards. Yeah. It so May 8 or 9 might be better for us because till end of a week. Yeah. The month the Tuesday, Wednesday is really tough, but either one might work. So let's just keep talking. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah, and and I can be flexible too. Like I said, I got two in June, two in July, two in August, two in September, worst case scenario.

Okay? But if you wanna go to Grand Geneva, I would suggest between May and not past July. Because in August, that's when the weather is not as perfect as we're used to, that's when it starts to get a little the heat starts to pick up a tiny little bit. You know what I mean, and the mosquitoes start coming out in August, and you don't want mosquitoes and they're like they're like dinosaurs. I'll tell you that. Learn the hard way. They are absolutely ridiculous. Alright. Good to know. So don't go in there in August. Anywhere prior, absolutely gorgeous. So to get you out there, obviously, it sounds like we have a couple days at work. We need to discuss cost and logistics and everything, but as far as the process is concerned, we're on board.

It sounds exactly what we'd be looking for. This is kind of okay. Fantastic. Fantastic, and then like I said, I'll show you everything once we hop off here in a second. K? So the cost of one of these golf events. You know? I don't know if you know who Martin Chuck is. Have you do you know who he is? I would imagine he would. You've seen him if you've seen I mean, Chuck, you look on Martin Chuck, you'd be like, yeah. I know Martin. He's all over my **** computer. Okay? He's. I yeah. I, my husband watches all those golf lessons all day, every day. Is it on is he on the golf channel? He's been everywhere.

So if you if you if if he wakes up and you show him the gift on Christmas or whatever maybe, and you say, hey. We're going to golf school with Martin Chuck. He's one the look and you say, get the hell out of here. Guaranteed you. Okay. Okay? So he's been everyone. Right? Trust me, if you saw his name and you know, this and that, saw his face, you'd be like, yeah, I've seen this guy everywhere. Okay? Okay. He's he's amazing. He's my personal coach. I can I can I literally can work with anybody I want to work with in person here in Florida, but I still work with Martin virtually because I've worked with him in person, and that's why I'm from his virtual now?

Okay? You got no idea how how far technologies went. Okay? Yeah. So the cost to go to one of Martin's golf schools off the street pricing, if you were to go to his website you'll see that everything is sold out. But if you were to go off the street pricing and go out to one of his golf schools and everything mentioned included, it's typically 6,000 dollars ahead. Alright. For performance golf members, okay, we give you essentially a 500 dollars discount each, but when you guys come together, it's a full 1,000 dollars discount each. Alright. So it's 5 k in. If you guys are the only couple there, everybody else going to the golf school is paying 55100.

Okay? But when you guys go, it's couples who give you an incentive to kind of come together. Alright? We do not cover hotel. Okay? If you wanna stay on property at Grand Geneva, amazing. Half the people stay there, but more than half the people actually get off property. They like to go downtown. It's a lot more things to see. Alright. We have hotel partners in all areas. You could stay wherever you'd want to stay though. We give you a PDF, an itinerary, a breakdown. Okay, and at the bottom of the PDF, the hotel links, the hotel options, you could stay wherever you'd like. Okay. We'll cover basic things like your breakfast and lunch during the can. Right?

You gotta cover your flight to get out there. Everything else I mentioned is included. Okay? Lunch and the lessons, dinners, no hotel, no flights. Correct. Okay. Everything else, unlimited access to Martin whenever you need them. Okay? But this is the part where I wanna show you this stuff. Okay? You wanna hop on to the Zoom real quick? Hop back hop back into the Zoom. I know I won't be able to hear you, but you'll be able to hear me. Okay? Alright. Just hop off of that so I can show you, then we'll finish up with a phone call. K. Perfect.

Awesome Can you hear me? Okay. So if you just so you know, this that's that's my face. K? This is my profile. This is coach now. You and David are gonna get this forever. So every swing I have ever done that's Martin. That's him at the top. You see that guy? You you know who he is? Okay. So that's him sending me a little message the other day. Alright? But every single swing I've ever done. Okay? Even at the golf school, it says nets to record, you can always go back to these things. This little orange button, we're gonna show you how to do it at the golf school. But you can literally click this orange button, you guys can help each other out.

You can record your swing directly to your phone. You send it directly back to Martin. Comments, comments section, everything. Alright. You're gonna love this part. So the reason I'm working with Martin a lot recently is because I developed degenerative disc disease in my back. So I can't rotate. I got some serious stuff going on in my hips, and my separate conversations. So I'm going through a swing change. I can't rotate like I used to, I'm feeling pain with my current swing, so I had to make a swing change. So for example, I'm going through that swing change, and when I was at the range the other day, I sent Martin my swing. Okay? Let me turn my volume up.

Hey, buddy. Swing is looking way better. Okay. So I sent him a 22nd swing. He sends me a 9 minute video back. Okay? Breaking down everything. Okay? You see the angles, this and that. We'll do a before and after showing this, showing that. You can rewind. You can fast forward. It could be your bunker play. It could be your chipping. It could be your putting. It could be wherever you're working on. Okay? You get access to that the other app I was telling you about, we're gonna download the performance golf app for both of you guys. So the app I was telling you about is Swing Fix AI. You're both gonna get an application. K? Say. David's struggling with his driver.

You don't have to hit a golf ball, you just have to swing. You can ask them to help each other out. It's augmented AI. Set your phone up 8 feet to the side of you, swing. This app will give you instant feedback. If his pelvis is off by 13 percent it will let him know his pelvis is off by 13. Percent. If your core root flaw is your pelvis is up by 13. Percent If your core root flaw is your pelvis is up by this. Doesn't matter what club you're hitting. Okay? If he struggles with wedges, if he struggles with hybrids, a wood, a u, whatever whatever club it is, it diagnoses that club in that analytic for your swing. You get a lifetime membership to this as well, each of you guys. Okay? That's the whole golf school. Alright. Now I'm gonna I'm gonna call you back on Facetime so we can finish this. Okay? That was worth it. Right? We needed that. Very important.

Now now you know what I'm talking about. Alright? So the one the last one I showed you was our performance golf app, and then within the app, you're gonna get access for life for a swing app called swing fix ai. 10 years in development, we launched our VIP version two months ago. You guys both get a lifetime membership to it. You guys can pull it out in the wintertime, your house, living room, wherever you have wherever you can swing. You don't have to hit the golf ball. It analyzes it for you. Okay, and then the coach now, you guys both get that forever. Okay? With all the applications and all that stuff like I mentioned before, the coaching directly with Martin.

Okay? So the cost to each would be 5 k all in or 5 k each year, so 10 k all in. Okay, and if you wanted to go ahead and do this, May 8th, May 9th, that date looks doable. Correct? At the moment, it does. I have to just go I have to go back and think about the the timing and check a few things. But, yeah, it seems very interesting to me. Okay. Okay. Is this something we wanna do, though? It is something I wanna do. I have to just you know, it's a good chunk of money, so I wanna give some time to think about it, but I think it's great. Okay. Yeah. So when I just wanna make sure we're on the same page.

Okay? So last two spots for that first May one, and I'm actually on my last 3, not 4. Okay? For this for this other one in May. Okay, and I would imagine that would be the one that makes the most sense. Okay? So here's what I can do. I can't hold for May 6th May 7th. I can't. When it comes down to that when it when it comes down to two spots, I can't. Okay? But what I can do is I can put a one hour hold, okay, on two on two spots. Okay? I would need to get with you tomorrow, okay, to make sure you wanna do this or not wanna do this. But I wanna make sure before I send you because I'm gonna send you information.

I'm gonna send you PDF and itineraries and testimonials and the whole 9. What's the missing piece right now? What what what. I just have to think, like, what will my husband's reaction be? I'm thinking about should I just tell him and or just. I don't know. It's just will he, yeah, will he wanna go, and then will he make the time to do it? I think he will. I'm just gonna I like the 24 hours to give it some time. Figure that's where we're at. So I will guarantee you. Do this as a pure surprise. Yeah. If you if you work with Martin Shuck and you say, David, May 8th 9th, we're going here. We're gonna work with Martin Shuck for two days.

Don't tell him don't tell him anything. Just tell him we're going here. If you can make this happen and you can afford it, you guys are gonna get the best experience possible. You guys are gonna leave much better golfers. Okay, and then we have a plan to continue getting better. You're gonna get out of this freaking zone that you're stuck. Okay? Okay? Alright? What I will say is don't convince yourself not to do it. Okay? Alright? Alright. Feel confidence. Alright? Martin's the people's coach. The second I sign you up, I'll make sure he gets off all marketing emails. I'll make sure he gets nothing. The second I sign you up tomorrow, guess who you're gonna be able to go get a call from later that day?

Martin shuts himself. He's gonna call you directly. He's gonna give you a cell phone information. You're gonna ask a couple questions. You're gonna tell me, oh, no. I don't know if he's gonna make you feel so happy and so confident about this process. Okay? That you that you're gonna shoot me a text after he talks, and you'll be like, Justin, you were right. Okay? Okay. That's all I need from UK? Yeah. It's not it's not me. You're trying to stop it. Alright. You trust me. There's gonna be no selling that you need to do. The second you tell him he's going to work with this, we're going here. Happy You know, Merry Christmas. This is where we're going.

Trust me. He's gonna be he's not gonna be playing. Okay? Tomorrow. Okay. What absolutely. What time would be best for us to just reconnect if you were to give me. I have meetings all day tomorrow. Here. How about, 5 PM EST? Would that be doable or a little bit later? It's gonna be later because I have a nail appointment that I made at at. I made a nail appointment at 4:30 to 5:30, and you're central. Are you eastern? Eastern. Yeah. Yeah. You're mass. Never mind. How about, we'll do we'll put it tentatively for how about 6:30? Would that be doable? It's be with my husband. So I think it's gonna have to be, I've got. I can even I can I can squeeze anytime in?

You tell me you're gonna be doing a phone call too, and then you could help. 4 o'clock would work. Let me see. Can you do 4:15? If it's a 15 minute meeting, then I can. Of course. Today tomorrow's crap for me. Yeah. I have a 4 to 4:45, unfortunately. Nope. Let me see what else we got.

I could do early morning. I could do when are you I mean, are you gonna be in, like, a car ride or something on the way to go be with David at some point? Because we can always do a phone call. We don't have to do a Zoom. No. I think we'll be together starting at 5:30. I. I can do, or Saturday more. I don't know if you work on the weekends. Not not really. So let's let's do this. Okay? At any point in time, can you pick up the phone for just a two second call at some point? If I were to shoot you a text, say, hey. When are you free for a two minute call?

Is that some. I schedule what it looks like. But this is what we can also do. Okay? I'm gonna send you this email here shortly. You're gonna have the PDF. You're gonna have the tenor. You're gonna have the testimonials. You're gonna have everything that you know for being an international. I'm gonna send you a nice little everything that you need to have. Okay? From from zero from zero from zero to 10. Alright? Do me a favor. Shoot me a one line when you get the email. In the 100 portion of my email, you have everything that you need. Okay? I think you and I both know this is something we wanna do. So, therefore, we don't need we don't need to meet for more than two minutes.

If this is a yes, which I hope it is, you just send me Justin, and we're in. Okay? What I'll do is I can either call you really quickly, or what I can also do is send you a secure credit card link. Okay? So we can put don't hit any of that stuff, so we can just keep it all via via text or email, whatever it is, so we don't have to open a phone call. Alright? But that but that 24 hour hold expires by end of the day tomorrow, so I can't do anything about it. That's why I need to talk to you more. Okay? Does that work? Okay. Beautiful. Any questions for me, Cheryl? I know I know you do. I'll get this over to you. Be in your inbox in the next two minutes. You can get that one line, and I'll talk to you tomorrow. Okay? Okay. Bye bye. No problem. Bye.

