# Transcript

---


**Speaker 0:**

Brian, can you hear me okay? Said you're calling me? I guess so. Yeah. It's part of our team. Okay. Yeah. Can you see me okay? Yeah. I see you. Cool. Awesome. I can hear you, but I can't see you. Let's see. Is that good? There you go. We go. What's going on, man? How are you? Where where are you located? Louisiana? Yeah. North of New Orleans. Nice. Okay. Cool. Alright. Well, you had chatted with, I think, Ross and our team. Is that right? I don't know. His I don't I don't remember his name. You guys had a phone conversation. One that right? Yes. I spoke to someone briefly twice. Okay. He and him. Alright. So just so you know, the reason we do these Zooms, he left me some notes, so I want to review the notes.

You know, obviously, wanna make sure it's a good fit on both ends, you know, make sure I can pair you up with the right coach, kind of, you know, figure out where specifically we can help the game the most, and yeah, if everything makes sense, reach you rocking and rolling. Okay. Cool. Yeah. We just we just have to check on locations and when it is, and that's what he wasn't sure based on where I'm getting. Houston could be closer, but, anyway, I go to Florida often. So. I was just he was just talking about Tampa and Orlando. So nothing in northwest. No. Obviously, he he doesn't know a whole lot in terms about, like, where to send.

You know? So so like I was saying before, that's kind of the whole goal of this conversation. I wanna pair you up with the right coach. We work with 15 of the top 50 coaches in the country by, golf digest, golf.com, golfpipsmagazine. So these guys are located all over, so we'll kinda figure out a good plan for you. But what he had wrote for me is that you're normally shooting, like, mid nineties. Is that right? Yes. Low low to mid nineties is where I am, and I just don't practice enough, so I'm not getting any better. Got it. Okay. How long have you been playing for? 7 years. 7 years? Okay. Got it. Alright, and then we had also wrote, it looks like the biggest challenge for you is chipping and pitching?

Yes. Alright. Are there any other challenges with the game or you feel like that's, like, your biggest opportunity to focus on? I think I putt well. I think I drive fine. Obviously, everything could you can always add yards to everything. I get that. So, yeah, I don't I don't know what else I'm missing. Okay. How about your iron game? Your irons are are solid? So I've gotten better from hitting inside out. So I've gotten yeah. Of course, everything needs to be improved there. Landing on a green, I think I don't line up as well as I could sometimes. That's something that's definitely could I could work on for sure. Some people say, hey. You hit it where you were facing.

I'm like, ugh. So yes. So just like your alignment and your aim? That's one thing. Yep. Okay. That's one thing. So yes. Alright. So talk to me about because it sounds like chipping and pitching that is probably, like, the biggest area we can focus on. So talk to me about that. Like, where what's your biggest miss? What do you challenge you know, what's the biggest challenge? Like, what do you kinda struggle with the most in terms of that part of the game? I think, I practiced, two days ago, and then instead of off the green, instead of using the 56, I went with the 50 which is the approach club which is my 100 yard club.

So that went much better. So, yeah. If I start working on that, it'll definitely improve, then I've been working a 100 yards out with my approach trying to land on the green. So I'm trying to get that slot just to fix it. So the 1st round of balls didn't go well, and then the 2nd round went really well. Anyway, that's that's and I went I drove with the driver, then I hit the 6 and I'm just not. I probably changed things when I started thinking about it to make it better. Anyway, I just. I, I'm not consistent at all. So I guess that's kinda where I am. I don't go over a one, but I rarely do I get under 90.

Okay. Alright. So you've been stuck in the the 9 in the 90 range for a while? Yes. Okay, and then so, I mean, realistically, like, if we can get you more consistent with the chipping and the pitching, you know, get you more consistent ball striking, all the stuff you were just talking about. Like, what do you realistically think that would shave off your overall score? Just that a lot. Once I get the arms really down in and get the feet right, so I know there's so many other things I'm missing. So those are just some of the things.

Oh, there's no reason why I can't be mid eighties for sure. So I Okay. So that would be between the irons and the wedges. If you could fix both of those, do you think you'd be mid eighties? For sure. Okay. Alright. So, realistically, like, we're trying to shave off probably 8 to 10 strokes here. Definitely 8 would be good. Okay. Alright. I gotcha. Alright. So, again, so it's a lot a lot of interest alignment, consistency, ball striking. So let me ask you this. Just so you know, I've sent over 500 guys to these schools, so I've talked to a lot of different golfers. So, like, what are some of your swing thoughts? I mean, before you go to hit, let's say, an iron or a wedge, what's normally going through your head?

I think probably just making sure that I go straight back as opposed to going around. Got it, and that's why that's, like, probably your biggest thought for the most part? Yeah. Because if I go around, I'm gonna end up probably coming through using my shoulders and then drawing it off to the left. Yeah. Okay. So you so you don't feel like you have, like, a ton of swing dots. You try and keep as simplified as you can. One thing.


**Speaker 3:**

Yeah. Alright. That's good. Okay. That's good.


**Speaker 0:**

Alright. Okay, and then so, again, if I get you one the best coach in the country for a few days, mid eighties is is, like, really the goal that make you really happy about your game? Yes. Okay, and then again, like I was saying before, like, I've sent over 500 guys to these goals. So, obviously, different guys are have different handicaps. They have different goals. Some of the guys I talked to are, like, super competitive. Some of them just wanna enjoy themselves. So, I mean, granted we do get you down there, what's kind of, like, the the motivation or or the personal win for you? Like, what would kind of, you know, make you happy in terms of getting down there?

Is it, like, beat the buddies, have a better time? Is there anything in specific? Just I think it's just to have more more fun, obviously, you know, because. I think sometimes. I mean, I have really some really cool fun shots and it's kinda like everybody does, and you have that Right. Shot, it keeps you coming back and so it's the problem with golf. I see big fat guys and I'm like, how's that guy kicking my *** in golf, and it's embarrassing. Yeah. I understand. I understand. I understand all the content. Old up. Yeah. Old guy. How's the old guy kicking my ***? I mean, he's right down the middle. They all the old men are right down the middle every time.

Yeah. It's so funny you said that because, you know, how old are you? 59. I'm getting to be that old man, but I still can I'm still athletic. I I still can hold my own. So That's good. Yeah. Let me just just so you know, the average guy, some of these are late fifties, sixties, sometimes early seventies. So you're, like, right and kinda smack smack them on the average person, and yeah, it's funny because, like, you know, a lot of the times I I talk to guys that are all they're, like, you know, there's they're consistent. Their swing is fluid. Like, they score really good. Obviously, they can hit the ball as far as they could with 20 years ago.

But it's like, you know, those guys a lot of times would score well because they're just consistent. So yeah. I mean, I think you made a good point as well too. It's like the good shots are gonna have us coming back, and all my guys, you know, that I'm sending out here, none of them are looking to plan tour or anything like that. They just wanna hit more good shots, be more consistent, have a better time, not get embarrassed by the, by the fat out of shape guy, and just enjoy themselves while they're there. So I get where you're coming from. Okay. Cool. Now walk me through. Have you had lessons in the past, or what have you done on your own to get a little bit better?

Yeah. I've had lessons, but, like, we got one of the top, you know who James Lights is? No. Yeah. He's one of the top. I guess, he's top 50 golf pro and club fitters. So I don't know. I I don't know what that means. There's 50 of them or I don't know how many, but so he's here. I think he's about one, and I don't know. I think he's a 125 dollars a lesson and I guess it's an hour, but we we talk really too much when we get in there, and I don't so I haven't done lessons with him in years, and it's he kinda really, it's kinda technical with him, and I'm not there.

Not yet. I'm just not Oh. There. He and I. Because we caught up because we're from the same area and we caught up and then he says, you know, he tries to get my hips to do some kinda s thing. I'm like, my hips aren't doing that. It's not gonna happen. Yeah. Anyway, so so So do you feel like he tries and kind of, like, fits you into his own, like, protocol as opposed to, like, customizing it to what you specifically need? Yeah. He's one of the speakers in Orlando at the at the, whenever you have the big golf convention every year. He's one of the speakers here. He's got all the equipment, best technology, I think, in the south.

Yeah, then he had the best in the world even in Europe, and I did see a guy from Europe come and train with him, but, how I used all his equipment in there. But anyway, it's neither here nor there. He's he's just a good guy here and he gets lessons from everywhere people come in, but I just I'm not, he's just not good for me. I'll go and play with the retired golf pro Airmdr in a pro shop. He's, my God, he's so heavy man. He's probably 290 and he can play 9 holes and he's out of breath but he, he just worked for me. He said, Brian, you know, hey, pick out a target.

Brian, nope. You gotta use the right around the red, red, and green. Okay. You're right on the other side of the sand. You should 56 and he'll say, okay. Open a face or he'll say, okay. When you hit it, he goes, I saw you roll your wrist. Don't roll your wrist. Use the 56, hit it, get it up there. He's always giving me pointers and then you know, I'm paying. I pay him also. So, but it's good when I have a lesson with him, but it's kind of out there while we're doing that, and he's like, so one of the most important things he told me says, make sure you keep your head down. You keep wanting to look up, and so once I did that, things got better, and then he said, just kinda keep a consistent pace.

I don't want you swinging harder coming down or harder going back and then coming down. I want you just to be really consistent, and so I kinda try to think about that. Got it. Okay. So I guess what has you looking into working with, you know, maybe a top 1:30 coach in the country for a few days as opposed to maybe just grinding it out with one of those guys for a little bit longer? I don't know. Maybe if I got away and got focused and it wasn't ridiculous, you know, then maybe I could do it. So, I don't know. Maybe I could talk a buddy into doing it if, you know, that would be something that maybe I can get somebody to go down or meet me from Florida there.

So. Right. I should get away. I don't know. Okay. Well, obviously, like I said, we can talk about it. I mean, obviously, I wanna make sure it's the right fit. But I guess, like, granted I do get you one of the best guys in the country for a few days, like, what would you wanna see in this an experience like this that'd be different compared to, you know, some of the things you do with those guys? Like, what would kinda make this the perfect fit in your mind? I guess, I'd have to, I know sometimes if I have a bad swing, I realize I move my back. I move my rear, the hip, I moved it. Instead of going back, I kinda moved it going back.

Yeah. That, like, you know anyway, there's things that I just have bad habits on. I don't know. I think that I've I've watched the videos, and I've seen a lot of these guys. Yeah. I don't know who you'd have there, but it doesn't matter. I don't need a a big name. I mean, I know these guys. I'm I'm not a I mean, I mean, god. I watched Tiger and his son yesterday. I really enjoyed watching that. Yeah. You got the whole one. Yeah. I'm not, you know, I don't I don't know. I don't need a guy. Like, I like watching whoever, Martin, Chuck, whatever his name is, and then Yeah. Martin, Chuck. So many other guys y'all have on there.

I like watching them. I don't know all their names, but. I don't get on and watch videos all the time. But I try to watch a video and then I'll try to apply it on a range. So. Yes. Anyway. Okay. Well, again, I mean, I'll I'll make I mean, I already have a few coaches of mine. I think it'd be phenomenal for you. But, I mean, I guess I'm curious then too because you've never broken 90 before, you said? I have broken 90 before. I think my road is 87 or 86. Got it. But it just hasn't been, like, consistent. That was kinda like a one off thing you did. Yeah. I could go a whole I could go months without getting an 89.

Yeah. Okay. Alright. So, I mean, it sounds like there's you hit a little bit of a wall. So, I mean, if you kinda just keep doing what you're doing right now, practicing and playing the way you're playing right now, I mean, do you feel like you'll get down the mid eighties on your own, or like, you really feel you need a new plan and some new instruction to get there? Well, I've been doing it for 7 years, and I pretty much haven't gotten a whole lot better once I hit this plateau. So that's kinda how feel where I am now. Okay. Alright. Because, I mean, like I said, transparently, like, none of my guys are looking to play on tour or anything like that.

Right? I mean, like, they just wanna enjoy themselves. Like, when my guys tell me to say, Mickey, I would rather work for two days with a really high level coach, learn the right instruction, get the right plan going forward, and just kinda shore and then expedite that learning curve as opposed to, like, grinding it out on my own for two, 3, 4, 5 years, whatever it is. So that's kinda you know, people invest in this, like, they're really looking for speed and to work with the best of the best. So we'll make sure it's the right fit. But, I mean, Grant, obviously, I think we'd help you out. I've sent a ton of guys your age. You're handicapped with these schools.

But granted everything's the perfect fit on your end, you feel really, really good. How soon are you trying to come out to one of these? I mean, what's your your time frame in terms of, like, really getting your aid done? Not in a rush. I mean, even if I, you know, if if I I work a lot, so I don't play I don't play as much, and so I don't get to practice as much either. It's a shame because I'm a member here at the club, but, it's it's a waste of my money because I just I don't take advantage of it. But I do get the social benefit things from the gym and other things, so I have to do it. Anyway.

I don't know how how I'm just maybe if I got away and whatever, I could get full. Throw throw out like a month of me. Because I mean, again, like, obviously, I wanna pair you up with the right coach, but it's like Yeah. We have really limited dates for the next few months, and all the schools I have either have, like, one or two spots for each school. So, of course, I wanna just find something that's gonna work with your calendar as well. So if you were to just throw a month out there, you know, you'll have some time. What days of the week is it? Because that's like Monday. Every school is different. Yeah. Every school is different.

Mondays Fridays, I don't get bothered a whole lot. So I like those days would be good for me. But whatever. It doesn't matter. It could be a weekend. But, yeah, I'm flexible, you know, from. I can't I have national sales meetings with 3 different companies coming up, February. March. But, anyway, other than that, I don't really have anything planned. So I should be flexible is what I'm saying from now until whatever summertime. Okay. Alright. So, I mean, if I had something in April, you think that's a pretty good time frame for you? It should be. Okay, and then in terms of, like, travel I mean, are you open to travel? Are there certain places, like, you don't wanna travel?

Do you just do you just wanna hear my recommendation based off coaches? Like, what are your thoughts in in terms of that, Mark? Well, what are the options? I mean, he told me Tampa. He told me Orlando. So one's a 10 hour drive. The other one's about 8 and a half, I think. Yeah. 9. I mean, the and again, like, from Ross's perspective, he's not as well versed with the coaches and things like that. So he probably just threw out some ideas for you. That's kinda why we do these calls so I can recommend the right coach. The coach I have in Orlando is actually phenomenal. I think he'd be great for you. So I do have a date, in Orlando, April 16th 17th.

I got two spots in that school. I also have a phenomenal coach in Miami in late April, April 19th 20th. I think he'd be great for you specifically, and then my other recommendation let's see here. Where is it in Orlando? Where's the school? The Waldorf Astoria. Okay. Yeah. So I I have pretty limited dates. So that I would I would recommend Orlando 16th 17th April, or like I said, I have a date in Miami, 19th 20th. That's at Trump National Doral. So I got two spots in that school. So both of those schools are they're pretty limited. But, I mean, in terms of those two dates, like, which one do you think would work with your calendar?

Well, I mean, April right now is available. So you said they're both in April? Yeah. They're both late April. So they're right around the same time. Yeah. I'd have to, let me see. Let me write these dates down and then the places that I'm a call. I got a a friend in Baton Rouge I can call if I did to Trump, one I've got a friend who lives in Orlando, I can ask Well, let me let me ask you this because, like, I mean, again, like, if we're gonna kinda hone in on certain dates, like, I have really limited spots. So do you I mean, do you have your calendar handy? Because, like, if you don't even know your schedule, like, there's not a whole lot I can do for you today anyway.

It might make more sense for us to reconnect after the holidays if that's the case. Yeah. I don't I'm saying I'm available then so one don't have a national sales meeting in April. Okay. So let me just look one more time. So the 19th 20th is a Saturday, Sunday. That one's a weekend. That's one of my main know? What's that? Is that is that Orlando, the one you said 19th? In Miami. Alright. 19th. The one, in north then the one in Orlando is the 16th 17th. That is a Wednesday, Thursday. Okay. Orlando. Okay.

Yeah. I'd have to fly to Miami, but then I could drop for Orlando. Yeah. Yeah, and again, I mean, both of the coaches are phenomenal, so I wouldn't really recommend one, over the other. I think they both be great for what you need help with. It's just more about the the the, you know, the travel on the dates for you. So, I mean, do you have a preference out of either one of those dates?

Well, where's where would I stay in Miami? So it's at the Trump, it's at Trump National Doral. So you could stay there if you wanted to, you could stay somewhere else off site if you wanted to, you know, we're partnered with hotels in the area. So, like, for that particular school, we're partnered with Trump Doral. Same thing for Waldorf Astoria. We're partnered with that facility as well too. So you do get a corporate discount if you do decide to stay at those places, but it's solely up to you. Yeah. Is the packages, are they the same for both or one, a lot more because it's stronger? No. They're both they're both exactly the same. So yeah. I mean, listen.

I can I can walk like, again, I wanna make sure the school's the right fit? I just wanted to make sure, like, at least one of those dates will work for you in terms of your calendar. Okay, and then both of these are in April. Yeah. So, again, I mean, you think, like, there's a pretty good chance that at least one of those would work? Yeah. I don't know why both of them wouldn't work. Yeah. Alright. So let's talk about the school. Like, I'll make sure that's the right fit, and if it is, we'll kinda make a game plan from there. Okay. Alright. Cool. Alright. So when you come out to the school, just based off our conversation, what do you think, like, the two places we're gonna start with your game when you see the coaches?

Where will we start on a range, I would say? Well, I meant like in terms of like clubs in your bag. Just based off what we were talking about. I guess what's whatever's the most important. So, I would say, the shorter club and maybe start off with the one in the approach. One hundred percent. Okay. Yeah. They'll probably start with the rands and your wedges. It sounds like if we fix those, that's gonna be the biggest thing. We'll get you down in eighties as fast as possible consistently. So like I was saying before, I've sent over 500 guys to these schools. I'm in South Florida myself, so I know all these coaches really well. I talk to them all the time.

Some of them I've worked with in person multiple times. So I have really good relationship with these guys, and what they tell me is the average person that's coming out to one of these schools normally has, like, 4 to 5 swing flaws. Sometimes more, sometimes less depending on the person. Yeah, and even like you said. Right? Like, sometimes maybe your hands get flippy and your your alignment's off. Maybe you're lifting up your head. So it's like when you hit a bad shot, you probably know to an extent kinda maybe what you did wrong, you know, in that scenario, I would imagine at least. Sometimes I don't. So. Yes. Some sometimes you do, sometimes you don't. So so long story short, again, a lot of times I talk to guys and like, hey, I feel like these are my flaws.

It's kinda what I'm screwing up with. So it's not that guys don't know some of their flaws, but what's more important with amateur golfers is they tend to work on their flaws in the wrong order. So what a lot of guys tell me is they say, hey. I go out on the course one day, and maybe I'm just I'm not hitting the ball the way I really want to, you know, and so, yeah, you're hitting a slice, or you're hitting a fatter thin or whatever, Whatever your specific miss might be, and what guys will tend to do is is they'll go to, like, a local coach or they'll watch Youtube or they'll self diagnose, and they'll do, like, these band aid tweaks, or like, they'll tweak stuff while they're on the course.

So maybe they'll fix, like, grip or ball position or takeaway or something like that, and maybe it works for a few days or for a week or for a few holes, and then you go back out there, and it's like all of a sudden a different guy showed up, it just kinda falls out the window. I mean, I'm assuming you've probably dealt with that a little bit over the last few years of being in the nineties, I would think. Yeah. I haven't really tweaked anything to make me change things to know some pretty. I mean, I don't know. I don't know how to answer that question, but, I mean, it was a drive. So, anyway. Well, here's what I'll tell you.

I mean, basically, where I'm going with this because like I said, I just hear that a lot, so I wanted to see if that kinda resonate with you. But where I'm going with this is and and again, you'll all of the coaches that I send you to no matter who it is, they all have the same kinda core belief when they send you out, you know, when I send you out to school with them, is where 99 percent of golfers really make a mistake is they don't work on what's called their root flaw. Have you ever heard that before? No. Alright. So, like, what what do you do for work? Orthopedics. Okay. Alright. So it's. Sales. Okay.

Alright. So this is the analogy I was used. It's maybe not gonna resonate with you super you know, based off what you do, but I think also it makes sense. I use, like, the car analogy. It's like, let's say, for example, you had a problem with your transmission on your car, for example, and you bring it into the auto body shop mechanic, whatever, and they start working on, like, your exhaust or some random part. It's, like, obviously, it's not gonna solve your problem long term. So when you come out to the school, the first thing these coaches do is what they call root flaw analysis, where the whole goal is they wanna figure out, like, okay, like, what is Brian's kinda number one, swing flaw that's causing your other flaws to begin with?

So, like, the whole goal is just to lay a foundation, give you maybe one or two swing thoughts, the right swing thoughts that you can always have in the back of your mind. This way every time you play, it's simplified, it's consistent. Like, we're just kind of we're trying to make the game as simple as possible as we can for our guys. Now I'm sure that makes sense in terms of that approach. Like, what what are your thoughts on that approach? Like, what do you like? Not like any questions about that? What what kinda comes to mind after hearing about, that philosophy? No. I mean, that that makes sense because if if he sees something wrong, he's gotta fix the the initial.

It starts with the swing, whether it's the backswing, if I'm moving the hips, if, yeah, there's so many things to the swing that Exactly. Crazy. Yeah, and again, I'll tell you the name of both of the coaches in a second, but, like, both of these guys have worked with multiple guys that have won majors on tour. Obviously, they work with a lot of guys around your age or handicap now, but it's like when it comes to that root flaw analysis, like, I mean, these guys are some of the best guys in the world when it comes to it. So, you know, I talk to them all the time. Like, I know you mentioned Martin Chuck, for example.

I talk to Martin all the time about this. He's like, Mickey, if a golfer doesn't figure out the root flaw, it is, like, almost impossible to get as consistently good as you want. So, you know, not trying to beat a dead horse. Like, that's just the most important thing you'll do when you're when you're out there. I guess I am curious too because I know you worked with a couple different guys. Like, how do you feel that approach is different compared to what you did with, the local guys you worked with? What do you mean who I worked with to to tell them about the guys in here versus who? I just meant, like, the root flaw, like that approach.

I like do you feel like it's different compared to what you do with your coaches, or what are your thoughts? I really haven't had any coaches. I've taken lessons, but Yeah. I don't know. I like to think I'll fix things from not doing a baseball swing to there's so many things that I've changed. But the problem I think they got ingrained in me is just with any sport I've this is my opinion, but any sport you practice at, you're gonna get better. But golf Yeah. If you're not practicing correctly, you're just in A 100 percent, and it's I think it's only sport. I don't know. Maybe there's another sport like that, but I've never played it.

I really think that it's only sports. So if I work my *** out on the range and then I'm not any better, but then I kinda had some good hits and I think maybe whatever I fix this. But anyway, I just I don't. I just think, when you practice wrong, it ingrains it more, and they gotta get that bad muscle memory out of me. I think that's what I believe. Yeah. You just hit the nail on the head. I mean, you to your exact point. Right? You can practice all you want, but it's like if you're working on the wrong thing over and over again, you just get really good doing the wrong thing. So that's the biggest thing.

Right? Like I was saying before, a lot of times guys will go to, like, golf tech or watch Youtube or go to a local coach, and it's like, yeah. You can, you know, take 30 lessons with that guy. But it's like, if you guys are working on the wrong thing, it doesn't matter. You're just engraving a really bad habit. So I mean, long story short, I don't wanna spend too much time on this. I think you we're probably on the same page. But it's like, we just gotta figure out your flaw. Like, I just don't wanna talk to you in a year one two, and like, you're you're shooting a 94 or something like that. So I think we're probably on the same page there.

But long story short, in terms of the schools themselves, so these are two day schools. They're they're all day for both of those days. It's very immersive thing. The first thing you do when you get there is that root flaw analysis with the coach. So no matter who I send you to, it's gonna be the same process. They're gonna get you on a ton of video, also to Trackman. Have you ever used Trackman before? Yes. Yeah. So we'll get a lot of data on your swing. But, again, it's like they wanna really customize this process too as much as they can. So once they figure out your root flaw, which should take them pretty quickly, they're just gonna give you a custom plan to follow.

So you'll work a lot on your irons. You're gonna work a lot on your wedges. Obviously, if you still wanna come, you know, cover area, you know, cover other parts of your game, they'll still do that. But again, we wanna focus on the lowest hanging fruit for you to get your score down as fast as we can. So you do that for the first half of the day. The middle of the day, you take a little bit break, have some lunch. Next half of the day, they take you on the course for a 9 hole playing lesson. Now I know you've mentioned you kinda did that with the guy that that's at your club, but it wasn't really like a full on lesson.

I mean, did you find that helpful at all at least when you play with them on the course? Yeah. I did because he pointed some things out that I don't do, and you know, so he definitely did point things out like that. So, yeah, we both played, but he did help me. Okay. That's good. Yeah. Because, again, it's like, you know, you could be a really good range player, but at the end of the day, it's like, if it doesn't work on the course, it doesn't matter. Right? So it's like, you know, obviously, you'll have a lot of instruction on the on the grass, on the ranges in the morning. But when you go out there, like, we wanna take it really slow.

So you might hit two or 3 balls on each hole. You'll probably you're getting you're gonna hit a lot of shots with your with your irons and your wedges on each hole as well, and again, it's like a real playing lessons. Like, the coaches look over your shoulder. Course management's another thing they'll talk to you about. Like, they're just gonna really, really take it slow and make sure it's all translating out there. So you do that for two days. So it's 18 holes over those two days, and then you have instruction in the in the morning of those days. Now when you wrap up on the second day, they just make you a really personalized video to go home with.

So it's like, hey, Brian. Here's the root flaw that we covered over these last two days for you specifically. Here's some specific drills we want you to follow while you're at home on your own. This way when you leave, you have the right practice play. You know exactly what to work on. Because to your point, right, if you're working on the wrong stuff, it doesn't matter. So we wanna make sure you have the right plan coming out of it. So that's, like, the first phase. There is a follow up plan. I'll walk through that really quickly, but what are your what are your thoughts on those two days in itself? Like, what do you like? Not like any questions?

No. It's kinda how I figured it would be. I mean, I've seen, you know, the performance golf videos, so I kinda see what's hap. Okay. Cool. So any particular questions about that, or or you think it's pretty straightforward? That's kinda what I imagine it would be. Cool. Yeah. I mean, to your point, right, it's not rocket science or anything. Like, obviously, the root flaw is the most important thing, but everything other than that, I mean, it's not anything, you know, any any kind of rocket science that's involved with that. Just making sure you're playing on the course, making sure everything's working. So, so you do that for two days. Now just so you know, like I was saying before, when you go home, I'm gonna be your guy from performance golf.

So you'll always be, like, your point of contact. You'll have my number. We'll do a Zoom call a week after the school. We'll do, like, kinda a a check in call every few months. Like, we really wanna make sure you're getting down to the eighties. That's the number one most important thing when you're coming out here. Very results driven school. But, obviously, like, I'm not a top 15 coach in the country either. So, like, there's only so much I can personally help you with. So I guess for you, is there anything in specific that you think could be really helpful, like, after the school is over, or what are your thoughts on, like, follow up and feedback and all that? Is there anything that comes to mind? I guess.

Would I send you videos of myself if I'm having or you send it to him if I'm having an issue? I don't know. Yeah. So that that's basically what we do. But, I mean, do you do you have the performance golf app on your phone?

Let me see. I don't know. I've got a few one. I haven't checked. I probably need to delete some. I mean, even if you don't, like, they'll they'll help you download it when you go to the school. But, yeah, I mean, that's that's the biggest thing. Right? Like, sometimes I talk to guys and they might go to, like, clinic or they go to a coach, and it's like, alright. You go there for a little bit, and then it's like, alright. See you later. Figure it out on your own, and then you kinda are left in the dark afterwards. So it's like, for us, we just really wanna make sure you have some support afterwards. We've been doing these schools for, like, 7 years at this point.

So we boil this down a pretty critical process. But, again, I mean, on your end, like like, how impactful do you think you would be if every time you went to practice, you had a coach looking over your shoulder, making sure you're doing the right stuff, making sure you're practicing the right way, and giving you feedback every time you went out there? Like, how do you think that would help after you were done with the school? How that wouldn't help me is the question. Exactly. Right. It'd be pretty hard for you to not get better. So that's exactly what we do. We just give you a super simple way, record your swing. It's super, super easy. Anytime you're practicing at the range, at the course, whatever you're doing to practice in your free time, take a super short video, send it directly to your swing coach.

They will send you real time feedback, and making sure you're doing the right thing. So, I mean, again, if you have that, is there any reason why I feel like you're not gonna get better coming out of this? No. I I don't yeah. I don't know. Just, I guess, what's the financial package, I guess. That's what I would need to know. Yeah. Of course, we'll cover that. But, again, like, going back to the the coaching afterwards in itself, I mean, if you had that, you feel like that's gonna be helpful? Yes. Okay. Cool. Now just so you know sorry. What's that? Yeah. Of course, it would be to have follow up and if when I'm having any issue, whatever, that's fine.

I just Alright. I just gotta make time to do it. That's the problem. So but once I get out and invest in something like this, I'm definitely gonna have to make sure that I'm out there always working on it. Yeah, and listen, like I said for I mean, we're not asking you to commit your life to this. Right? I mean, you're busy, you work, and all that stuff. Like, as long as you just practice an hour a week or you take a quick little video twice a month or something, like, that's really all you need to do. So it's not like you gotta dedicate your life. But, I mean, again, to your point. Right? Like, I just wouldn't wanna talk to you in a year or two, and you're kind of in the same spot.

So, you know, if you come out to this, like, we're gonna get you down to where you wanna be. So just so you know with that reinforcement coaching, we do give you that for a full year after the school is over since you're a performance golf member. So you do get that as a bonus. Cool. Let me and again, you think you'd use it as much as is at least as much as you needed? I would have. Yeah. Because I it's something I really want. So yes. Okay. Alright. Cool, and again, like, of course, we'll cover the financial part and the enrollment, all that stuff. The only reason I'm asking these questions again, I know obviously for most people that's gonna be something that's really helpful.

But if someone tells me, like, hey. This isn't for me or I don't see myself using this or this whole plan. I'm not that confident. Like, I'm not even gonna send them to school. So, like, I always just wanna make sure on both ends it's the right fit, and then if it is, of course, like, your performance golf members will make it really easy for you to come out to one of these. Yeah. That's just getting better is probably the I don't I mean, that's just something in my life that I I've gotta get better at, and I wanna do better than it. I just haven't put in a time other than going to play and having fun and you know, I'll play with 26 year olds and we have a great time, and but I caught up with him and I call him a few little names that I'm not gonna tell you on here because Well, I think we've all tried a few, 4 letter words in golf.

Right. Yeah. Anyway on the course. We have a we have a good fun time and they're like Yeah. So that's why I hang out with them, but we all have we always have some good shots I have and and I hoop and howler and you know, so we have a good time, but it's fun. Yeah. So I do wanna definitely get better and you know, I hate it that the younger kids can drive it, whatever, you know, further than I can, and I mean, I'm still going 250 probably. Sometimes if I get it really well, I can go 200 and 70. But probably average I'm probably average 230, 240 on my drives.

So they're good. They're fun, and I've learned from, one of the famous golfer. Well, we we have a golf pro to listen here, but you wouldn't know him, and but he's he's played Augusta. But anyway, long story short, one of the other guys said, on my drives, he said, you gotta eliminate. You're either gonna fade it or you're gonna draw it. You gotta eliminate one, of them. So now Right. Because if you have two, then you're you're kinda But I never even knew that until he told me. I said, no one totally makes sense. No one ever told me that. That's just like one, crazy thing that makes so much sense that can totally help my game out because it all starts with the drop.

I'm in the trees. I'm like, screwed. So, yes. Right. I agree. But the only way I'll ever draw it off is if I actually come through and pull it at the end or know, when it can happen, then it'll go left and that'll happen, but very rarely. Now I am hitting it a lot further and a lot straighter down the middle. So that's something I did on my own, and then I know if I know when they hit a fade, I can definitely make it fade. So that's that's cool, and I've learned how with the irons to hit a draw from behind a tree. I've learned how to, you know, set my stance and that's a fun because a lot of people who are way better than I am, they're like, dude, I don't know how you did that.

I don't do that, and another thing is playing with these kids. Like, mister Brian, you are the best Texas wedge golfer. I'm serious. I love it. Anybody. No. I really I went I hit one, as probably and I'm not exaggerating like a guy would do. I'm just telling you, I'm I'm just. I was literally. I'm gonna say definitely 20 yards away from the hole off. So I had to go up one, bank over another bank onto the green and then it rolled in. So it was like, these kids are like, holy ****. I said, see, why don't I chip? Why am I gonna chip? Yeah. I mean, listen. There's no pictures on the scorecards. Just one thing I'll say really quickly.

I don't wanna spend too much time there. But have you ever seen the video of Jack Nicklaus when, I forget who it was. They're Or to say it, it's better to putt. I did hear him say that. If there's, like, any doubt, he did say use your putt all day long. So there is a video, and I forget who it was, but there was a guy, and he's like, there's no way you can putt from here. There's no way. There's no way, and then Jack goes, you want me to show you, and the guy's like, yeah. Go ahead. Show me, and he hits a putt off the fairway from really far. I don't know what the distance was, but it was far, and he he syncs it, and it just it was just funny.

But, yeah, I mean, it's like that saying. Right? There's no. I think I saw that one. Yeah. You've probably seen it. It's it's a really funny moment. But, yeah, I mean, like I said, like, regardless, no matter who I send you to, both of these guys have multiple students that have have one, majors on tour. Probably between all the guys they've worked with, they're probably one over 70 wins on tour total, and obviously, they work a lot of guys great. So it's like these guys are phenomenal. You have a fantastic time. You'll be in Florida, and you know, we'll really get you dialed in. So I'll pull up the dates so we can go through the enrollment.

But, again, I mean, if you were just if you were to rank everything we talked about, scale of one to 10, one being Mickey, this *****. It's terrible, which I don't think you're gonna say that. 10 being kinda exactly what you feel like you need to get down to eighties consistently. Like, honest feedback, how would you rank the whole plan without doing it just based off our conversation?

What do you mean how would I rank the plan? Like, just based off what we're talking about, like, your confidence level in terms of. Well, I think I think y'all can get me there. That's why I wouldn't be you know, if I go down there and invest the time and then the money and hotel night, you know, all that stuff, yeah, I think it can be, I think it'll work. Alright. Cool. Thank you. That's the most important thing for me. So, I mean, overall, it's something you wanna do. Yeah. Definitely. I do. Yeah. Alright. Now, again, I mean, do you have a preference out of those dates? Honestly, if you wanted my recommendation, I would say April 19th 20th in Miami.

The coach there is a guy named Rick Smith. Have you ever heard of him before? Rick Smith? Yeah. Maybe. Maybe. I don't know. So he he's worked with Phil Nicholson, Lee Trevino, Jack Nicholas, which obviously is funny because we were just talking about Jack Nicholas. Vijay Singh. I mean, he's worked with a ton of guys. I've won majors on tour. But realistically, why I think he'd be good for you is because he's really, really good when it comes to simplifying things, ball striking, consistency, phenomenal coach. So if you just if you didn't really care about the dates and you're open to my recommendation, he would be my first recommendation. My second recommendation is the is the the one in Orlando.

That would be a guy named Brian Mogg. Have you ever heard of him before? How do you spell the last name? MOGG You know what? Thank gosh. I think I have, but always always see this other guy. He's always in every video. He's always on a range and he's, you know, he's coming down, hitting the ball. What's his name? Is that oh, Dan Bongino. They no. Not Bongino, but Dan what is his name? I you gotta know what Oh, no. Alright. He's so he's got a hat, but it's got no logo, so it's hard for me to remember his name. It's not something like Bongino, Bongero, something. I don't know. I'm not sure. I can't think off the top of my head.

I don't I mean, obviously, if I saw them all that. You know, I've been Yeah. I just I never watched golf my whole life until I really started. 7 years ago, I started, and I'm always learning. I'm like, ****. Right. So I'm not into all those names. I'm No. It's okay. Either. I was just curious if you because I know your performance golf members. I don't know if maybe you'd seen them. But, regardless, like I said, Brian **** has worked with a guy named Yee Yang who beat Tiger Woods in 2009 in the PGA championship. What's what is cool about Brian is he is an active player on the champions tour right now, so we actively still plays, which is kinda cool, and also to like I said before, same thing.

Very good when it comes to consistency, simplicity. Ernie Els has said that Brian Mogg is the best player coach he's ever worked with. So it's like they're both really good coaches. I don't think you're gonna have a different experience with either one. It's just more about, like, your time frame and schedule and things like that. So, I mean, do you think, nice one, much of April. Orlando is so much easier for me to get to than Miami. Okay. Yeah. That's fine. With Trump facility. I got a nice Trump pad and I'd like do that, but I just and the weekend would be cool. I just I don't know, man. I have to see because I don't wanna drive down there.

My son is literally right there now in Fort Lauderdale. So. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, yeah. I mean, listen. Like, I well, I'll be honest. We do give you an incentive with me and you today. So it's like if you're not ready to decide on this, like, I don't wanna put you in a spot where you have to, but, I mean, if it's just about the dates, like, either one is totally fine. If you think Orlando is easier to get to, then I'd say go to Orlando on that other date.

So you don't want me to call and see if I can get anybody to go with me on this deal or not? It's up to you. I mean, obviously, I'm worried about helping you out for now. So, I mean, we could always put you in, and then if wanna call a buddy or something, well, I can add him on later and talk to him. Friend of Lando and then I'm just I'm just thinking, about having my son if it's a value package and if it's cheap enough, I could pay for me and my son. So, because he he's never broken a one, so he'd be easy one, track. Yeah. It'd be be good for us to work with.

Yeah. I mean, guys like that. Right? Like, if you shoot a 100 there's a lot more room for improvement. Like, I'll give you an example. I don't know if I sent it to you before this. I have a guy named Bill that I just spoke to last week. I sent him to a Martin Chuck school. He normally shoots in the nineties. The first round he played when he came when we shot an 80, and he was thrilled. He left me a really good testimonial. He was super happy. So it's like I hear stuff like that. Like I was saying before, like, we're gonna meet when you come home. That's my favorite part of my job because, you know, when guys come back, they're really, really happy and they had a really good experience.

So I mean, listen, like I said before, I'm more focused about helping you for now. If you wanna sign yourself up and say, hey, I'm all in, and then talk to your buddy or talk to your son afterwards. I can always add them later on and give you some kind of, like, referral bonus or a rebate on top of it or whatever. But like I was saying, I mean, like, that's always something that we kinda cross that bridge when it comes. Okay. Yeah. So you think the Orlando date is probably gonna be the better option for you? God, man. So that is a better date. It's, like I said, it's just easier for me to get to, I could drive, bring my clubs.

Yeah. Well, again, well, I mean, Waldorf Astoria is a beautiful facility. The course is super nice. I know where it is. It's at the end of all the Hilton properties. It's right one, the end. So, like, you know, it's again, it's not like if you go to Miami, you're gonna have a much different experience. It's gonna be basically the same thing. I mean, it's like we make jokes all the time. If you close your eyes like, for example, Brian Mogg and Rick Smith, if you close your eyes on the course, like, you're basically working with the same guy. I mean, they have a very similar coaching style. Yep. So I think you'd be fine with that. So I mean, you think you wanna hone in on that date, April 16 17th Orlando?

Yes. Alright. Cool. Alright. So, again, in terms of the enrollment, I'll just talk to you about that really quickly, and then we'll get you rocking and rolling. Again, you're a Performance Golf member. I've seen you bought multiple things from us. So we give you a really big incentive since we just spent, like, 45 minutes together. So for non PG members, if you never bought anything from from us in the past, these schools are 65100 dollars per person. For PG members, we give it to you on the call for 5 k flat. So it saves you 15 00, and then what we normally do is, have 3 different cards for you. 3 different visas. One, ends in 89 95 5683 and then 27 22.

Normally, we just bill one, of those, and then you know, going forward, me and you would schedule a follow up call week after the school's over. Our concierge team will reach out to you after this to send you the whole itinerary and everything you need to know, and yeah, man, we'll get you rock and roll with Brian Ma. Get you down in the the mid eighties, and you know, you have a really good time in Orlando. Yeah. Well, so it'd be 25100 dollars a day is whichever you guys are looking at, and what is what is all that entails so I'll know? Yeah. So again and then of course, going back to it, you get the year of coaching with the school as well too.

So I wanna make sure you didn't forget about that. You'll also have access to that when you leave. But yeah. So, again, that covers the two day school. You get food at the school, but everything else, you know, that we talked about. The root flaw analysis, the 18 holes of instruction, you get that video, what, you know, they're gonna send you a bunch of videos after the school is over, then you get the whole year of coaching. So the only thing we don't cover is the hotel. But again, we are partnered with the Waldorf Astoria, so that would probably be like a couple 100 dollars for you if that. Hotel, yeah, hotel, dinner, what, breakfast, dinner? So we cover breakfast and lunch at the school. Right. Yeah. So you're talking at least another 5, 6, one, probably another 700 based on what you're telling me. So it's about 57100 then for me to get down there. Okay.

Yeah. I don't.

I don't know, man. I don't know what to tell you on that. I have to let me talk to my wife and see if she's, good for me to do that for that kind of money, and Yeah. No. I mean, listen. Like I said, man, like, obviously, I want you to feel good about it. But, like, you know, based off what we talked about again, I mean, if you are gonna come out to this, do you truly feel like we can get you down to the point you're 80 you know, in the eighties consistently?


**Speaker 2:**

I believe you could.


**Speaker 0:**

Yeah. I do believe that. So Yeah. A 100 percent So I mean, like I said, it's it's obviously an investment. Right? You're working with one of the best coaches in the country, and again, it's like me and you are gonna reconnect when you come home. I've sent over 500 guys to these goals. I don't think I sent you through some of the interviews I had. But when guys come home, like, a lot of times I'll do an interview with them. They'll leave me a testimonial. I say the same thing to them all the time. I'm like, listen, man. I talk to a lot of guys where they hear the investment. They're like, I don't know if I wanna invest that to my game, and then they come home and they're really, really happy.

So it's like, I just don't wanna talk to you in a year from now, and you're still shooting like a 96 or something like that. I would rather talk to you in a year and you're shooting an 82, and you're really really happy with your game and having a better time. Yeah. So. Yeah. I would definitely have to talk to her and see, if if that's something that should be good with me doing. She knows that I'm motivated to she know I'm talking to you, but. Yeah. That's neither here nor there. But, No. I respect that. I mean, listen. I send guys that are married to these all the time. But I just wanna make sure I mean, like, you know, I just wanna like, is it really about talking her?

Is there anything that's kinda holding you back on your end? Like, if she was like, hey. Yeah. I'm cool with this. I mean, you think this is something you wanna one,? Yeah. If she says, yeah. You have 5,000 dollars to put into that, then Yeah. If that's what she says to do, then that's something that I would let you know about. I don't know how else to to put it. No. That's okay, and like I said, I talked to guys that are married all time. The only reason why I'm asking is because we do have a process for that. Because, again, man, like, I'm not bullshitting you when I say this. These these are really my last two spots in the school, and It's like if I talk to you in a week, that school's gonna be gone.

Like, we have 7 guys on our team that take these calls all day. So we do have a process where I could hold the spot tentatively for you. This way you can talk to her and have a conversation about it. Because, again, I don't I would prefer you guys have a conversation. I don't want there to be any issues between you guys if you do this without her knowing. So but, again, I just wanna make sure, like, you know, if she does say yes. That you actually wanna do this. Well, like I said, all I can do is talk to her, and I can get back to you tomorrow and let you know. Yeah. Okay. Alright. So here's what we do in that scenario.

We do something called an open ticket. It's a fully refundable deposit. It's a very small percentage of the total amount. I will block off one of those spots. I can even block off another spot for your son or your buddy just in case. You will have a conversation with her. I will send you all the stuff you need to know for you guys to have a good conversation, and if we talk tomorrow for whatever reason, she's like, hey, I'm gonna divorce you. I'll literally just give you a refund. But it's like I was saying before, we do give you an incentive on this call since we spend so much time together, and again, it's not like a BS scarcity tactic.

Like, we really only have two spots in that school. No. I get it. What my recommendation would be. I'm I'm that's fine. I mean, it could be April. Like I said, June or July. I don't mind. I'm not in a rush. It's something that I thought would be pretty cool to do. But, you know, obviously, I didn't know it'd be 5,000 So. Well, let me ask you this. What were you expecting? Couple of 1,000 at the most. One thousand dollars a day because if I'm with one, of the top guys in the country here and he's a 150 dollars or 125 dollars an hour, then Yeah. His value must not be as good as these other guys, and there's picture there's pictures of him working with Tiger Woods too, and pictures of him working with, what's that guy's name?

He's got the little clear he's got the little clear looking glasses. He got the tattoo on his forearm. He's one, of the, yeah, one of the liberals down there, in your area, if you said his name. He's got the short hair combed to the side. So his glasses are he's got a clear frame, a big. Yeah. Clear frame around them. Yeah. Well well, regardless, I mean, besides that point, I mean, again, like, you know, you're kinda breaking up based off of days. Like, to just to kinda realign you again, like, obviously, yeah, you're gonna be there for two days, but it's like this is a very results driven program. Right? I mean, you could go spend a 150 dollars with him for 16 hours, and it's gonna cost you less money probably.

But again, it's like if you went to go work with Rick Smith or Brian Mogg specifically, those guys charge between 400 800 dollars an hour to work with them one, on one on one. So it's like and then again, you're also getting an entire year of coaching. So I just wanna make sure, I mean, you and again, you could be honest. I would just hope after this conversation, like, you would see the value in investing a little bit more than 2,000 dollars to work one, one of those guys to get you down to where we wanna be. I would think at least. Yeah. I mean, but if I had to do a little bit more, but that's more than twice the amount and probably 3 times that amount.

By the time I put in travel and then hotel, dinner, I gotta be close to, you know, not quite 6,000 I probably could get under that. Just to go No. It's okay. I mean, again, I I appreciate you being honest. Because like I said, I mean, obviously, I wanna try my best to get you out to one of these. I don't wanna talk to you in a year and in the same spot. One, unfortunately, it happens more often than I'd like it to, so there's a couple of things I can do. Now, I mean, I know you haven't really mentioned the coaching aspect. So I mean, if I could take off some of that backend coaching to kinda get a little bit close to that number, I cannot get to 2,000 Like, there's no chance I can get to there.

But if I can take off some of the coaching, get a little bit lower, I mean, do you feel like that'll be something that you'd be more inclined to do? No. I got I mean, unless I talk to her and she says, I mean, that's I gotta talk to her regardless. Yeah. She handles the finances. I don't write checks. I don't pay bills. I don't get any of my checks. I work for a bunch of companies. She gets them all. She handles all that. Yeah. So I don't I'm not here to make excuses either. So No. I understand. It's okay. I mean, I get it. Like I said, I'm just trying to figure out a way we can put our heads together to get you out to this.

I just don't want the finance to be the biggest thing. I mean, at the end of the day, it's gonna be an investment regardless. Right? Like, you're gonna work with a top 25 coach in the country, and they're gonna get you down to the point you're shooting 80 and and having a better time on the course. Yeah. So regardless, it's, you know, regardless it's gonna be an investment. But it's like if it's just the money holding us back, I would rather try and figure out a way we can make that work for you as opposed to like, you know, you saying, hey, I'm just gonna work with my local guy, and then we talk and nothing really changed.

Hey, man. I think the best thing so I don't waste your time as well. Why don't let me talk to her. I'll talk to her tonight and and then I can get back to you tomorrow. Keep it simple. Okay. Well, let's tomorrow's Christmas Eve, but, I mean, I can still schedule a quick call with you. I don't mind. I mean, how much like, realistically, how much time do you think you need?


**Speaker 3:**

What? To talk to her?


**Speaker 0:**

Yeah. Like, if I if I put you on my calendar for, like, 10 AM tomorrow EST, I mean, do you think you could you'd have an answer by then Yes. Yeah. I'll talk to it at night. So if you wanna just call me tomorrow morning, that's fine. Yeah. Yeah. So 9 o'clock, you can call me, yeah. Call me at 9 o'clock tomorrow morning. Not one, your time. That's fine. Where are you up there? In Orlando or somewhere else? No. I'm in Palm Beach County. So I'm on I'm on the East Coast. Yeah. No. My buddy lives in in West Palm Beach. So Oh, nice. Yeah. I'm, like, 10 minutes or 15 minutes from West Palm. I can see West Palm from my window actually.

Yeah. But you are you going at the next exit where the Polo Grounds are or that's another exit where the Polo Grounds No. I am I think the exit is 76. I'm I'm on I'm on Singer Island, if you know what that is. No. I heard of it, but I don't know what's there. Yeah. It's honestly, there's not a whole lot over here. It's kind of pretty secluded little island, and it's, like, 15 minutes from from downtown West Palm Beach. 15 minutes. Okay. Yeah. So you're somewhere by Jupiter where Nick Saban lived? Yeah. Yeah. Like, I'm by Jupiter. Jupiter, same thing, probably 10, 15 minutes for me. It's a little bit more north. So I'm north of West Palm.

But, I got Okay. Yeah. Anyway. Yeah. So so let me let me do this. Let me shoot you because I have a call in in a minute. So let me shoot you a calendar invite here. Yep. I'll just give you a quick phone call, and then again, man, I mean, listen. I understand you wanna talk to her and and everything like that. At the end of the day, it's gonna be an investment. I cannot get and get you in any school for 2,000 I mean, I can maybe work with you a little bit and kinda get get a little bit less. It's not gonna be a whole significant amount if we take off some of that coaching.

But listen, if we have to break up the payments, like, whatever we have to do to put our heads together to get you out to this, I just don't wanna talk to you in a year and you're in the same spot. Because that's happened to me a lot of times. There's been times where I have a call with a guy. He tells me, hey. Listen. It's a little bit more than I wanna invest. I'm gonna do my own thing. I talked to him a year later. He says, you know what, Mickey? I'm ready to do something like this. Nothing's changed, and they sign up for a school. I just don't want that to be you, and this whole year goes by, and you spend money with a local guy, or you're banging your head against your wall, you know, trying to figure it out on your own, and you end up spending money regardless trying to fix the issue, and a whole year goes by. So that's just where I'm coming from on my side of the table. Okay. Oh, camps are two day camps? All of them? Yeah. Okay. I mean, I I probably I think I have one school in.

Let me just check really quickly.

Is March a good time frame for you for or no? Probably not. I think I have two meetings in March or two meetings in February, one, in March. I gotta look. Alright. Well, I have one, 3 day school in Austin, Texas, April 4th, 5th, and 6th. Now it it it is a little bit more expensive. It'd be 55100 dollars opposed to 5,000. So, I mean, you get an extra day, but it's like, again, there we don't do a whole lot of 3 day school just because, you know, there's really not a huge difference in terms of a two day and 3 day. Like, at the end of the day, you're gonna get really good instruction regardless.

But if you do wanna make a note, if you would prefer to go to Austin, Texas, I would just kind of earmark that as a backup as well. Yeah. Alright. Well, you wanna just call me at 9 o'clock so you can get on your call? I don't wanna hold you yet because you're at the 4 o'clock one, that. Yeah. Yeah. So I'll I'll I'll I'll hop off here. I'm gonna send you some resources you can look at after I get off this next call, and I'll give you a call in the morning. Sounds good. Thanks, Mick. Appreciate it. Awesome, Brian. I'll talk to you soon. Alright, buddy. Thanks. Bye bye. Bye bye.

