# Transcript

---


**Speaker 0:**

So, Terry, the purpose of this conversation is to spend a couple of minutes just truly understanding the game. I know you just started, like, less than a year ago, if I'm not mistaken, or like, a year ago. So you're kinda, like, fresh into the game. Is that correct? That's correct. Yeah. Okay. So I'm gonna ask some rapid fire questions to get one understanding of your pain points and and your opportunities as far as how many shots you're kinda leaving out there, what you tried, what you haven't tried, and what I'm geared to do in this conversation is to make the best recommendation for you. Not only just with the location in the golf school, but also the best golf coach for you.

Okay? Just because I work with some great golf coaches, all top 50 in the country, doesn't mean every single golf coach is a good fit for the golfer and vice versa. So based on the conversations, all about allowing the best fit I can. Okay? One I listened to the conversation you had with Colin. I think it was yesterday, the day prior, or the day earlier, but I was able to get an understanding of some of the pain points and some of the things that you're struggling with. But, again, I want to expand on that as much as possible, and I know you had some interest in potentially doing something in Texas. I know Texas is a huge or something closer to Houston.

Houston in general is huge. Don't get me wrong, and I know Colin mentioned that, you know, we don't have many options in in Texas. I think she was just a little bit miscommunicated. We actually do have a couple spots left for this year for Texas. But Great. But at the same time, alright, the purpose of this conversation, and I tell every golfer, I don't care if something is in your backyard. If I don't think that golf coach is a good fit for the golfer and vice versa and helping that golfer truly reach their goals and find that consistency that they're looking for, I'm not gonna gear that coach to you. Alright? So I guess the question is, if I describe a process and we discuss your game and we find the best option for you, would you have an open mind to, you know, maybe travel and make a nice little trip out of it, make a make a little golf vacation, one make that golf vacation like a an opportunity where you're actually gonna get to be a much better golfer.

Are you open minded to doing something like that? Well, I I am, but I'd prefer to be within Texas so I can drive. At Dallas, Austin, San Antonio? Absolutely. We just honestly, we have one golf school left. It's in, I'm gonna get it one of these days. Azteccita. So did I say that? Does that ring a bell?

Got it. It's it's, it's in Humble. Oh, that's very close to me. Yeah. Pretty close. That's right outside Houston. Okay. Gotcha. So I eventually got it. So that's where we run one golf. We have I think we have one next month, but at the same time, like I said, full transparency, if I didn't think it's a good fit, I'm not gonna recommend it. Okay? Okay. Does that sound fair to you? Sounds great. Okay. Awesome. So tell me a little bit about the, the the the scores. What what are we shooting? Typically, a one to a 100 and 5. Okay. I think, you know, with a little bit of consistency, I could easily knock 10 strokes off.

I think if I could eliminate 3, the 3 putts, it's probably another 5 or 6 strokes. Okay. That's the problem. The the biggest problem I have is being consistent with that swing. I don't really. I haven't had I've had a few lessons, but I really don't understand the right field and the foot pad in the backswing. Okay, and then necessarily how to come through. So I'm I'm pretty inconsistent. Every swing is a is an exercise in trying to figure out what I did the last time wrong. I'm trying to fix it on the next swing. It's a lovely game, isn't it? Yes. I'm sure that sounds really good. No. It's a it's a it can be a very humbling game.

Alright. It can test the can test the the psyche and the patience every once in a while. Alright. One once you start to figure stuff out, it becomes a very enjoyable game. That's why there's guys who've been playing this game for 70, 80 years, and you know, they still struggle. Alright? You bet. You know, nobody's gonna be perfect when it comes to golf. Even the professionals, he'll still hit a lot of bad golf shots. We'll leave it at that. Oh, yeah. So why did you start playing in the 1st place? Did are you still working? Did you retire, and you're like, I need to find something else to do. What was the, the how'd the golf journey start?

Well, I've I've had a career in the oil and gas business, and I'm one of those golfers that played 3 times a year, you know, in the tournaments. You know? Like charity scrambles and company outings, stuff like that. Okay. Exactly, and and that's how I retired last year, and now I decided to get into it full time. Joined a golf course. What's the name of it? Blackhawk Country Club here in Houston. Very nice place. I haven't played, but I've seen pictures. Very nice place. Yeah, and anyway, I started to get serious about it, and then just running the front crazy, you know, of not being able to be consistent. We're always gonna look for consistency as golfers.

Alright. That's the one word I sometimes I'll get on a call. What are you looking for? I'm looking for consistency. Well, you're damn right. We're all looking for consistency. But where are our opportunities? Alright. So I was listening to the call. I know, obviously, you just mentioned us. First pain point is we need to eliminate the 3 putts, find some more consistency there. But overall, you're looking for a swing consistency, a confidence. It sounds as though you're coming over the top, coming a little outside in. You know, when it comes to your driver, we're obviously looking to improve our swing confidence. When it comes to our irons, we can typically have the sameness there, and again but you only been playing a year.

Okay? So, you know, when you started a year ago, what were you shooting compared to what you're shooting now? How big of a difference would you say in scores? About the same. About the same. Okay, and the last time you took a lesson was when? How recently? Probably a year ago. Year ago? How many lessons? Just one. Just one, and have you worked with more than one golf pro? No. Same pro? Okay. No. But it was only one lesson with that individual. Correct, and that's the only experience you've had? Okay. Was it on the driving range practice area, or was it actually on the golf course? On the driving range. Hour, 45 minutes, hour and a half, two hours? An hour. Hour? Alright. What'd you guys work on?

Really takeaway and just general swing pattern. You know, it's it's 66, you know, it's structural as it used to be for the question of how far back can you go and how how far far can you follow through. You know?

So we were we worked on all that. But, really, his big suggestion was trying to get me to swing faster, harder. Gotcha.

How did that result work out for you? Well, at the time, you know, one the hour we were spending together, it worked pretty good. But, you know, it it it kinda phased away after about a week or two. Okay. It's it's hard to be, you know, dialed into that same method. Gotcha. Against just about being consistent, and was there a reason why you didn't stick with this golf pro and or look to do other lessons, or did you kinda just wanna, you know, build a little bit of a foundation and try some things yourself? What what was that overall picture? Well, I wanted to try and you know, probably like most golfers, try to figure out myself, you know, what the right motion is, and I, of course, I watch all the videos on, you know, the Thomas golf.

I'm trying to figure it out from there. But that doesn't help you feel it. You you gotta feel the right position to be in, I think, and I need some help getting there. Okay, and what type of I mean, obviously, we appreciate being a performance golf member. Any have any of our pros really sunk in with you? Like, have you really resonated with some of our pros over some of the others? Like, who have you fallen most? Who have, like, has really, you know, stuck to you as far as some of the coaching so far, and it doesn't even just have to be us. It could be stuff on Youtube and other avenues that you've seen. Like, who have you resonated with most? I'm gonna draw a blank here because I haven't it's been a while since I've looked at them.

What was the program geared to help you with?

I can always done. I I can always cheat looking at your account, but I I like to figure it out with Outlook. We'll leave it at that. Well, I I can I can generally, it's probably screen path? Kind of I fixed the outside in. So kinda think of the name of the the pro, Was it a slice program, anti slice? Yes. Hank Hank? Yes. Yes. Alright. The Tiger Woods coach. Tiger swimmer coach, Hank Haney. Gotcha. Yes. So he I watched him quite a bit trying to fix my outside in. Okay, and Did any of it make sense? Did any of it resonate? Did you see results from it? Yes. Very much so. If I follow this pattern, it did.

The the problem is I'm I'm having the harder I swing, the more I go outside in. Okay. Gotcha. So how do I how do I swing efficiently and not go from the outside? Fair enough, and what type of swing thoughts are you dealing with right now? About a dozen in the backswing. Only a dozen? Oh, man. That's not enough. That's not enough. Okay. So I'm generally trying to trying to rotate the nuts so that I can get the club to, flatten out and then come through without going outside in. It's basically it's all trying to fix the outside in. Okay. Gotcha, and how often are we trying to play in practice to work on some of these things?

Well, every week. I play at least twice a week. Twice a week, and does that include range time, getting some practice get some practice at your house? Usually usually at at the house, I practice my swing. Okay. Gotcha. What do you have? What type of setup do you have at your house? Just like a front yard and you just swing, or do you have, like, a net? Do you have, like, a a mat? What do you have? I just have AAA backyard. I'm just I'm just trying to kind of swing away and trying to work on I just watched a different pattern, you know, and try to, okay. Take pictures from that perspective. Have you recorded your swing before?

I have. Do you do it often, or is it or is it just like a one off type of a deal? Kind of a one off type of deal. Usually, I cringe when I see the results. That sounds like most golfers that start off within that 1st year. Alright? But they're but there are some guys that play 10 to 11 years, and they never look at their swing on video. Okay? But sometimes, like like like you just said, it can it can it can get a little frustrating to look at it. We'll leave it at that, and and question for you, did you play did did you dabble in other sports growing up? Did where did you play other sports? Oh, yeah. I've played, I'm gonna take a guess. Ice hockey. Damn it. What? I was gonna say baseball, ice hockey, and how how many sports did you play? Ice hockey, baseball, softball when I got older. Okay.

And I guess golf would be the other. Okay. Gotcha. I try I I work with my team all the time, and there's one there's one thing I always tell my people to to do not do, and I typically don't ask them to ask, if if the if the person played sports. Okay? Unless they are completely convinced that player has been played sports. Because if you didn't play sports, you don't have to play at a collegiate or a professional level. But, you know, somebody that plays sports, they have the wrong ingredients to actually be a decent golfer. What are those wrong ingredients? Hand eye coordination. Good hands in the first place. Okay? You can't play baseball. You can't play hockey.

You can't play tennis. You can't play most sports unless you owe those raw ingredients. Okay? So, essentially, you're the type of golfer that you can get a lesson, and you can start doing some things on your own. You can start going online. You can start getting random tips from the buddies. You can start getting information on performance golf. That ends up becoming a lot. But what the athlete can also do is manipulate information into their golf swing, compensate, and reinforce a bad habit, but still get some okay. Results from time to time compared to, you know, somebody that doesn't have the raw ingredients. They have to actually struggle and go through that process to actually get to where they wanna be.

But you're also the same type of golfer. Once we get the stars aligned for you, alright, you can get back, you can get into a comfort zone and the confidence you're swing quicker than somebody that doesn't have the wrong brilliance. Does that kinda make sense? Because, yeah, somebody you play sports? Oh, Justin. No. I never played sports. I played the violin all through high school, and I did nothing else. Is that why I'm not a good golfer, then you kinda shoot yourself in the foot. You know what I mean? Alright. I played I I played violin, but I also played all the sports. So I had a mixed bag of both. Alright? Don't mean anything by about playing violin, but, you know, it is it's one of those things.

Okay? Yeah. I've I've I've killed sports my whole life. So however, golf golf tends to make the field totally uncoordinated. I played competitive baseball, basketball, and football. Okay? I played college baseball. Played my freshman and sophomore year at FAU in in in South Florida. Hurt my knees, hurt my back, hurt my shoulder, haven't played in many years. I had to excel in bowling and golf. Alright? Because those were the sports I could still play. Those were the ones my doctor told me I had to start learning how to play. That was close to 10 years ago. I've been in the same shoes of every golfer I talked to, okay? I've been that struggling golfer. I've been in the 100 Alright?

I was sitting there for a good amount of time in that 1st year. Why can't I get this little ball in this little hole and it's not even freaking moving? It's a humble game. Okay? Yep. Alright. I'd use my arms. I'd use my speed. I'd use my strength, then like, you start using all those things and you don't build off a good foundation, you know, you can screw yourself over sometimes. But you're only a year in. Okay? Good for you. Right. Alright. But you obviously have already experienced, you know, some of the bad. Alright. Is that fair to say? Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Okay. Great. So we're just starting the year. We've had one lesson. We've been online.

There's certain people we followed. Some things are working, some aren't working. But, essentially, you know, you're just not feeling it right now. Yeah. You're just not feeling that confidence. You're not understanding the right feels. You have all these swing thoughts, but you're not understanding the right feels right now. Okay? Gotcha. Alright, and do you play with the same group of guys? Do you play by yourself? Do you play with your wife? What what's that situation look like? Generally, the same group. 4 of us, twice a week. Twice a week. Where do you fall with the group of guys that you play with? There's two that are probably, I guess, more advanced. They they shoot in the nineties pretty consistently, and then the other two of us shoot around the 100.

Okay, and your buddy that shoots in the 100 how long has he been playing? Well, he's he's actually a lot like me. He he he played the charity tournament tour during the years, and then he's actually my chief operating officer at the company I worked for. Okay. So we both retired at the same time. Okay, and then he's in a similar situation. What about the two guys that shoot in the nineties? What about them? Well, they both played golf the whole night. But. I'm trying to think. They, I think they just played longer. They they played more consistently for longer. Okay. Gotcha. I know they have. I mean, they're not like like I am. Well, I've been trying to pick it up a year ago. Okay, and and get serious about it. Gotcha.

Just trying to take some notes. Appreciate your patience. Alright. Sure. So any injuries, any pain points, any health issues I need to know about? I've got an artificial knee, right knee. That's, skiing related, but, that and that that limits the ability to pivot on that right knee a little bit, because that knee doesn't wanna necessarily bend in the direction that the golf swing might try to get you to do.

So it's it's a great question of I mean, sometimes when I'm trying to swing, I'm trying to make sure I'm coming from the outside or from the inside out, I'm trying to move that knee to to, in the right position to be able to do that. Okay, and this is your this is your right knee, you said. Correct? Yeah. Right knee. Yeah. Feel like you're getting held up on your right side to an extent and not following through, not being able to get the rotation because you don't have that foundation in your right knee? I'm just trying to feel it out a little bit, kinda understand what type of limitations this might be causing you, if at all.

Well, it is hard to say if I'm doing it right, if I'm swinging correctly. Right? You know? I think that's kind of yet to be determined. If I if I'm performing the swing, the backswing correctly, one may not be an issue. No. No. What I more what I more so mean is you're looking for feel. Alright? But do you feel that your right leg and your right knee is getting in the way of you rotating your body? I think yes. It does. Okay. Gotcha.

And if we're talking about timing. Okay? If a golf school made sense, when would be the most ideal time frame for you? Whether I get you to the coach in, in Humble or I get you to, you know, another location. What would be the most ideal time frame for you? Something in the next 3 months or something, you know, next year? Next 3 months. Next 3 months. Okay. As long as it's not too cold. Gotcha. We try to plan these when it's the nicest weather possible and set regions so that we have these. We have golf schools all over the country. I live in Florida myself. I had a call before. The guy's like, I wanna go to a golf school in in Florida next week.

I'm like, have you ever heard of Florida hurricane season? We're not doing golf schools in Florida right now. Alright? We try to plan these when it's the nicest weather. We're pretty essentially going to you know, we're in Florida in the November, December, January time frame. We're in Arizona and play, you know, in, like, February, March, April, May because that's the nicest time to be there. So wherever I'd send you, it's not gonna be too cold or it's not gonna be too hot. Leave it at that. Yeah. Alright, and typically, mother nature's on our side as far as weather is concerned in in the middle. Okay? Great. Great. Alrighty, and would you ask one of your buddies to potentially join you?

Maybe your COO, maybe one of the other guys, or you know, would you, you know, look to do this by yourself? I would. I I don't I I would pass on the information to him and see if he's interested. Okay, and you think he'd be willing to travel, make a nice little, you know, boys' trip out of it? Oh, yeah. I think so. Okay. Cool, and you said he's your tire. Right? Yes. What's his name? What's his name? His name is Doug. Doug Fehr, FEHR Okay. I'll write it down just so I don't refer to him as friend. I can say it's Doug. Alright? Fair enough, and if I were to ask you how analytical you are by default, not just in golf but just in general, would you con consider yourself a pretty analytical guy?

I'm an engineer. So yes. So I wasn't too. I don't wanna say you're analytical. I would rather ask. I can tell. Okay? Yeah. Alright? I can tell. There's nothing wrong with being analytical. I'm extremely analytical with every aspect of my life, but I try to be less analytical when it comes to golf. Alright? Leave it at that. Okay? So by d by default, alright, I'm not gonna send you to one of my positional coaches that, can one in one way or another confuse you. I would probably send you to one of my field golf coaches, one of my hybrid field golf coaches. Okay? You ever heard of a hybrid field coach and what that means? I have not.

No. Okay. So all of my coaches in general. So there's two tiers of golf coaches. Most golf pros, I'll never down talk them. They do the best job they can to help you. From local to PGA Superstore to driving range guys, punching club pros, most professionals make up your certified PGA professional. Very talented, very knowledgeable. They do the best job they can to help you in the hour they have working with you. Okay, and then you have your tier two coach, your certified PGA master professional. There's only about 350 coaches in the entire country that get that designation. I work with 15 of the guys that make that list. Only 5 of my coaches, okay, are field hybrid golf coaches.

Okay. So I've eliminated 10 coaches. Okay, and one of his coaches, unfortunately, isn't humble. Okay? Just full transparency. He's very, very keen on technology, very keen on positions, making sure the golfer understands the position. Don't get me wrong. He's damn good at explaining it. Alright? But I think you'd be better suited for a field golf coach. Okay, and secondly, if you had to think about being in a group setting, because these are group settings, you will get several hours of one on one work with the main golf pro, alright, the main master professional. This pro has their team of guys with them. Okay? So you're always gonna be working with a certified, very good top even the the extension of the pros that are all top golf digest pros in the first place.

Very talented guys. But there is one major master professional that every golfer gets several hours of one on one work with. Alright? When you're not with that main pro, no matter the group size of the whole event, you'll be in a 3 to one ratio. Okay? So that means you and two other golfers, that means you're working out with your buddy, you, your buddy, one other golfer when you're broken out in that little group session outside a larger group, obviously, with one one on one throughout the whole time, okay, when you're broken out in one on one settings. So do you think you and your buddy or just yourself in general, do you think you would have any problem working in a group of, like, 12 to 15 people, or would you be more suited working in a group of, like, 6 to 10 if you had your option?

I I really don't think it matters, because I think, I'm I'm thinking the way this goes down. I mean, you you your your instructor are taught kinda what you need to do, and that's a matter of practice trying to replicate.

What you're being taught. So. I don't I don't I'm not necessarily concerned about larger groups. Okay. Just wanna make sure. Okay? Fair enough. Alrighty. So if you're thinking about something in the 3 in the next 3 months, okay, if we're talking about one spot, there's a pretty good chance I can squeeze in one spot. Two, we might have to get a little strategic. Okay? Because most of our golf schools are sold out for this year. We'd be talking most of our golf scores for next year, but I could definitely at least one you in and potentially your buddy too. Alright? But That's it. But, again, I told you at the beginning of the call. Alright? I know you wanna stay local.

Alright? But I just don't think the golf coach that. I work with in Humble would be a good fit for you. That's just my opinion. Okay, and you don't know me for crap at the end of the day, but, I've been doing this a long time. Okay? I've been you know, ever since I got into the golf space about 10 years ago I actually I started playing golf about 13 years ago, but I've been in the golf space the last 10. Alright? I've consulted a a an array of products and services. Okay. I've worked with a couple different companies. I've never had any more conviction in their product than I do with this one. Okay? But I am passionate about helping my golf and truly reach their goals.

I don't get any more money or less money if you come out or not. Alright? But I like aligning a good fit so my pros can keep on adding to my collection of free golf clubs, golf bags, training aids that I have my little set office for. That's my only perk. Okay? I just care about aligning a good fit. Alright? Okay. So, hopefully, you're open minded to traveling. Okay, and I'll make sure it's either a short drive, not a short drive, but essentially a short flight. Okay, if it makes sense. Okay? Are you open minded to it? Yeah. Okay. Sure. Alright. So let's talk about the golf school. Alright? Tell you how it works. Alright, and then as long as you like the sound of it, I'll ask some questions in between.

Please raise your hand. Say, Justin, shut up. I have a question. Alright? Please. I enjoy it. But at the tail end, we'll make some recommendations. Okay, and I'll get you. I tell every golfer I'll have the original plan a I'll have a plan a two, plan a 3, plan a 4. Okay? All of which will be a plan a's one I'm always gonna have a tier tomorrow. Okay? So Okay. When you come out to one of these golf schools, alright, everything is cuffs and tailored. Everything is individualized. There's not a one size that fits all. Alright? We're not trying to reinvent the wheel. We take the golfer in front of us, what they're capable of doing, with their limitations and everything else, how they learn, and we custom tailor the approach to each golfer.

We're not trying to get you to swing like Rory Mcilroy. I'm not trying to get you to swing like Dustin Johnson. Alright? I want you to swing like you and have a swing that you're confident in, one that's repeatable, one that you understand. So what we do with every single golfer when you get that one from these golf schools, Terry, is we're gonna analyze you. Okay? We're gonna do something called a full swing root flaw analysis. Okay? Every single golfer on the planetary deals with swing flaws, even the pros. Right. Okay? You've only been playing a year. I don't wanna I don't wanna fast forward and see what your game would be at in 4, 5 years from now with what you're already doing.

Okay? You've already agreed. You've already had a little paralysis by analysis. We've looked at a lot of things online. We've had one lesson. We've tried doing our things ourselves. Okay, and we have way too many swing thoughts. Alright? Right. Very easy to start spinning your wheels. Very easy to start reinforcing bad habits. Very easy to start utilizing your athleticism in the wrong direction to compensate. Okay, and before you know it, you supersede your most foundational flaw that we're gonna diagnose within the first two hours on day one called your root flaw diagnosis. You ever heard of that term before? I have no idea. It sounds perfect. Okay. Think about a problem in general. I'm sure you have plenty of problems you have to solve in your in your career.

Get to the root cause of the problem, eliminate the problem. No difference when it comes to a golf swing that requires a little bit more fine tuning. But what that fine tuning requires is not only the how. Alright? Not only the why, but the how. Okay? Most golfers will explain the why. This is why I want you to do this. But what is more important is the golfer actually conceptualizing the how and them understanding the right feels to the how. Okay? It's almost like you're golfing as a car. In the last year, we've been unknowingly fixing the random car first, but not the transmission. We need to fix your damn transmission. Okay, and we're gonna do that with every single golfer.

We're gonna diagnose correctly, effectively, and the beauty of this root ball analysis is two things happen very quickly. Number one, it starts to free up your brain. Okay? We start to focus on the right flaw, and when we start to focus on the right flaw, by default, some of the issues that we develop, they start to go away. Okay, and the reason why they start to go away is because we're getting reps. We're gonna watch you hit your driver. We're gonna watch you hit your irons. Don't get me wrong. We're gonna dedicate a lot of energy on the short game because you and I both know that's a huge opportunity. Alright. But the name of the game is tee to green first.

K. I want your confidence with your driver and your hand. I want your confidence with your irons. I want you to have a swing with better tempo, better repeatability, better confidence, better club face control. Very hard to even start building off that foundation unless you actually understand what your foundation is. Right. K? So that's where we're gonna start. But what do you think happens if we don't diagnose your root flaw? We don't have this conversation. You continue doing what you're doing. You still go to things online. You still take a random tip from here from time to time. You go get another lesson. But we don't but we but we really don't diagnose what our core roof was, and we don't have to work we don't know how to work on it.

What do you think happens to the golfer? Well, you you fall back or you you lose everything you gained? Frustration. Continuous spinning of the wheels. Continuous constant state of correction. Continuing to have that major significant flaw that we haven't addressed compounded other issues. Before you know it, instead of having 12 swing thoughts, you have 16 swing thoughts. Okay, and then one day, you have 5, then the other day, you have two, then the other day, you have 7, and then one day, your driver works, then your irons go to crap, then your irons start feeling a little better, then your driver goes to crap. It's just up and down battle of frustration where you'll Exactly. You're describing my game.

You can tell yeah. Can you you can tell I've been here before. Alright, and I've had a lot of these conversations. We've helped a lot of our golfers. At the end of the day, I don't want you to waste time. These are processes that are geared to help you fast forward the process, work on the right things, engrain positive muscle memory, get rid of the negative with the need to start off the foundation. Okay, and then but if we don't get there, you and I are talking in 3 years, and we're still stuck in the same place, folding up and down, up and down, up and down. Alright? So that's where we need to start. We're gonna record your whole experience.

So a lot of the videos, the drills, a lot of the notes that we're gonna be, you know, going over, you're gonna be able to take these things home with you so you can always revert back to them. Okay? But phase two is gonna take you on the golf course, something you had not had the experience with before, an on course playing lesson each day, or we're gonna put you in all situations from tee to green where you struggle from your tee shot, to your second shot, to your tripping, to your pitching, to your putting. We're gonna work on all those areas, multiple golf shots, multiple directions, different situations. But why do you think it's so important we work on these things on the golf course with you?

Well, because that's where you you apply what you learn. I mean, practicing practicing off the, the driving range doesn't doesn't do it. I mean, it's it's a great example is, with the wedges. You know, it's one thing to practice with your wedges in a practice area, But the reality is on the golf course, you're standing on the side of a hill, your feet are up or your feet are down or you're you're sloped one way or the other. I mean, there's a whole hell of a lot more going on in real life than just taxes that offer up or off range. Damn right. You ever heard of the term player a, player b yet? No. You'll you'll start to realize that once you hear, you know, some of these golfers talk.

Player a is the guy that shows up on the driving range. Player b is the guy that shows up on the golf course. Alright? Most people don't like playing player b. They wanna be as close to player a as possible. So what I'm trying to say is we want you to obviously work things out on the practice area. By the way, we're going to teach you how to practice the right way in a very custom tailored approach for yourself because I don't care if you go out there 5 days a week, practicing every damn day. If you're not practicing intentionally, you're not practicing the right things, alright, you're going to get worse. There's a reason why the USGA says every 3 years, amateur golfers do two things.

They either plateau, get stuck, or get 4 to 5 shots worse. Golf is the only game where you can practice every damn day, and if you don't practice on the right things, you're just gonna continuing to reinforce bad habits. So we're gonna develop a practice plan that's unique to you. Whether that practice is doing things in your office, your front yard, at the golf course, the driving range, alright, we'll cuss and tail one approach that's very specific to you, very specific to your buddy if he comes to join you. Okay? Because it ain't practice that makes perfect. It's perfect practice that makes perfect. Alright? But you're damn right. When it comes to the golf course, there's multiple situations that you wouldn't be on when it comes to the driving engine.

You wanna push in those situations, and I wanted one of the best instructors in the world to stand over your shoulder and have that back and forth the whole time. Okay? But what I love more, if anything, okay, is so have you ever been to a golf tournament in person? Yes. I haven't. Fun fun environment watching some of these guys that get paid 1,000,000 of dollars, and their element is so much fun to watch. These guys are really good at what they do. There's a reason these guys get paid and you know, it's it's fun to watch. Would you agree? I would. I watched, I was amazed. I watched PJ's thing here in Houston at the Houston Open.

Hit a ball off of bare dirt with his iron from, you know, one 170 yards out. Made a perfect shot, and I was amazed how he did that. Because I you know, I'm always looking for a blade of grass and took the ball on. Right, and he just bare hard dirt, and he he hit it so cleanly. It was amazing. I love that aspect. Don't get me wrong. It's fun to see those golf shots. You wanna know where my sick brain is? One know I enjoy more than that? What's that? When these guys hit horrible golf shots. I love to watch it. Okay? I've seen I've seen that too. It makes me feel better.

It makes all golfers feel better. Alright? But what I but all joking aside, what I love to see most so, yeah, we're not gonna be a professional golfer, Terry. We're probably not gonna break course records together. Hopefully, that's not your goal. All joking aside, that's none of the goals for any of the players I work with. Most players I work with, they shoot in the nineties. They shoot in the one. They struggled. Yeah. We'll get some people in the eighties who are trying to get better. We custom tailor the approach for those guys. Alright. But golf is a hard game. Bad golf shots will always happen. But the closest thing that we're gonna help you be, as close to a professional golfer as possible, is how they think when they hit a bad golf shot.

Okay? So when you understand your swing, especially your root diagnosis and the right fields to focus on, there's two things that happen. This moment when it starts to click. Okay? It's like, oh, this makes so much more sense now. It's like in a pit. It's almost like this, like it's it just starts to resonate. It starts to make sense. But what more so happens is when you hit a bad golf shot, you're gonna start to understand why that bad shot happened. Not did I come over the top on that one? Did I come outside in? Did I shift my weight? Did I get held up on my right side? Was the ball in the right position? Did I shift my weight?

Did I raise up? Did I lift? Did I flip? Was my wrist cut? Irrelevant. You're gonna know exactly what happened because you're gonna have a coach over your shoulder explaining what happened. You're gonna have a video backup to, you know, to go over that. But by the time you leave, when you hit that golf shots, you're gonna understand why and be able to correct, and when you see these guys on TV do it, in person do it, yeah, a couple of these guys might yell at their caddies. They might say they might pull a Tyrell hat and start cursing themselves out. They might bang a club. Alright? But what you also see these guys do is have this quick moment one where they forgive and forget, rinse and repeat, and you don't see them hit that same shot twice.

Okay? Because they know what to do, and you're gonna have that understanding. Alright? Yeah, and then we're gonna go through that process. Roof law analysis, encorese work each day, fun games, competitions throughout. We'll teach you how to practice properly. We'll give you some recommendations on your equipment. Okay? That'd be great. Alright? So you might be able to, you know, after the golf school, treat yourself to something nice, or maybe add something to your bag or take something from the bag or make adjustments to your current equipment. Alright? Yeah. Like, yeah, we're not trying to completely reinvent the wheel, but, you know, your swing might be a little different from, you know, the time you got there, you know, the time you leave, and some of those recommendations that we'll make will just help your life when it comes to your game.

Technology technology is not everything, but. I'm sure you know and you've heard that technology has came a long way in helping when it comes to the forgiveness to the golfer. We just wanna align the right recommendations in between. Okay, and then you go home. Alright? You're feeling confident. You're feeling happy with your game. You're feeling happy with your progress. You're gonna be eager to go play more golf. Alright? You're gonna have these videos. You're gonna have so, essentially, the golf school so far. If I said scale from one to 10, one, this makes no sense at all, Justin. Like, this is exciting. I'm ready to pack my bags and you know, go go tomorrow, essentially. Where are you on that scale from one to 10 so far?

I'd say, 8 or 9 only because going so far, I really don't wanna fly. I mean, I'd I'd rather drive somewhere within Texas. Okay. So it's just and then maybe that's the timing. But. Yeah. So I can share it one the state. That's helpful. So full transparency, like I told you in the beginning, I just don't think the coach that I work with in Texas is gonna be the best fit for you. Okay? If we were to fast forward, we go to this golf school. We have a great time during. We have the plan of attack. We have the tools, the technology. We're about to get into the follow up process and what we offer on the tail end to just help you continue kicking butt, taking names.

But if we were to fast forward, and we're talking a month, two months after the golf school, and we broke into the nineties, and we're breaking into the low nineties, and we're ishing closer to the eighties, you're feeling confidence in in your swing. You're feeling a lot better with your progress. You're practicing effectively. You're seeing it the light at the end of the tunnel. You're you're competing with the guys that are shooting in the nineties and getting closer, and you're frustrating these guys because they've been playing for years and you've been playing for a year. We were to fast forward to that result. Okay? Two things. Number one, we haven't talked investment yet, but we will talk investment.

So whatever that investment is, number one, will be worth the investment to you at that point in time, and number two, would you have sat there after we got there and said, s***. God, I really wish, Justin would have sent me to the guy, you know, in Houston that he told me wasn't a good fit. You know? I'm kinda joking around with you a little bit. But, like. No. No. I wanna go I mean, you know the the golf instructors, and and and I'm gonna need a guy who's got the patience for the faint. Oh, these these guys, it's not work for them. Okay? It's not. They've seen they worked with all the pros that you've seen on TV.

One wanna know why they don't really like working with both of those guys anymore? Because most of a lot of these pros are crybabies now. They go to one pro, they go cry into another pro, then they come coming back to the original pro, which is not consistent anymore. Most of these guys, the last 10, 12 years, their passion is helping amateur golfers get better. Okay? Because they truly get the joy and the love out of it. Right, and they've seen every single swing you can imagine. You don't get to be a master professional unless you've seen it all. Not only seen it all, but they've worked with guys with one arm, one leg, amputees. Okay? People with physical limitations, people with diseases, people with Parkinson's, and different things that require you a very custom tailored approach to make sure you're getting better, and same when it comes to you.

I'm not saying you're you know, you got the disease, you got any of this, but you got you got an artificial knee. Okay? Somebody that doesn't have an artificial knee are not gonna be able to do the things that we're showing you how to do and vice versa. Okay? So I'm gonna send you to the guy that's gonna set you up with a plan of attack to make sure that after you leave the golf school, you have a pathway to actually get better and keep yourself there. Okay? But after the golf school. Alright? So 8 or 9 is where you're at. Okay? My goal is to get you to a 9.5. Alright? I never want a 10.

Alright? I like to get a 10 once it gets you back from the golf school and you say, hey. Same question I asked you a couple months ago. Where are you at now? Scale of one to 10. That's when I expect the 10. Right? But I'm trying I'm gonna try to get a 95 out of you right now. From your analytical background and how you think and how you learn, okay, I would imagine you'd be able to help me out with this. So if you were to take a piece of paper, write down your perfect support system that would help you make sure that you're working on the right things, number one, but actually continuing to get better post golf school.

What do you think would help you most? No wrong answer. Support systems. Yeah. Think about tools. Think about technology. Think about how far we've come. Okay? There's a lot that you can do virtually. That is my only hint. Go. No no wrong answer. I'll fill in the blanks for you if you don't get it.

I mean, Last hint. I asked you before if you recorded your swing. Last hint. Continue. Well, what I'm thinking of is is coming out of the school, you know, assuming that everything's kinda grouped into place and working well, then having a video of that and then having a video currently where I'm having trouble is then being able to compare the two and be able to figure out what I'm doing wrong. You're gonna have all that, but think that but amplify that. What do you think would help you on top of that? I'm gonna tell you regardless, but I want you to try to use your brain a little bit. Well, I'm I'm thinking of having somebody to call.

What what what about send a video of your swing. There you go. Anytime you need them. Yeah. Hey. Remember at the golf school of Terry, we're working on your putting. We fixed your alignment. We got you to commit to these putts, and you are making all of them. The reason why you're missing right now is your alignment is all messed up. Remember the drill we worked on? You're a little off track here. This is what we need you to do. Okay? Yeah. If you had the opportunity to utilize that post golf school, you know, weekly, how often would you would you maybe say and it's not just your it's not just your putting. It could be anything. It could be your swing. It could be your driver. It could be your bunker play. It could be general questions. Yeah. How often do you think you'd utilize that?

Probably every few weeks. I mean, I would think that, you know, the way things usually go, two or 3 times in will when playing will start looking for answers. You're You're not gonna have too much frustration, okay, after the fact. Actually, I lied. Every golfer always gonna deal with some type of frustration, but you're gonna have a lot less frustration. Yeah. You're gonna have a lot more confidence, essentially. Alright, and our most successful golfers will typically send in a video a week every two weeks. Typically about two to 4 a month. Alright. Each month. I don't care what you're working on. Everything is stored directly through your phone. You get to access everything back and forth. You can always see always communicate with the coaches to make sure you're staying on track, and you actually have the ability, by the way, to set up live lessons.

Imagine going in your front yard, buy yourself a little 20 dollars stand on Amazon, invest, you know, a couple bucks in some wiffle balls, maybe a a 15 dollars grass mat on Amazon. Hey. Even amplify. Spend another 30 dollars on the net. Alright, or you go to your golf course. Imagine being able to throw your headphones and throw your phone on the stand, and it's like we're there with you. We have the opportunity to set up live lessons within, you know, that time frame of helping me out. Yeah. That'd be great. But how how long do you think you're gonna get that for?

3 months?

One year? Boom. 12 months. Wow. Wow. Unlimited. Okay? Anytime you need us. Wow. That's pretty good. Alright? If you tell me that wouldn't help you, you're obviously lying. No. No. No. Quite a bit. Okay, and That's why we have such a high success rate. Not just so we not just because we're working with some of the best instructors in the world, not just not because we're really fine tuning that root flaw analysis and really getting things dialed in, not just since we're having a great time, not just because we're coming back with better golfers, because we have the tools and the support to make sure you actually continue getting better. Okay? You can do a homework on any type of other avenue out there.

Okay? As far as other golf school programs, and the reason why we set ourselves apart is because they don't offer what we offer on the tail end. Alright? But why do you think we put this system together in the first place? This whole golf school to make people successful. So we're we were a startup 9 years ago. Okay? Just online training videos, had a few videos, help your slice, help your ball strike, and help your short game. Some of the people that were really, you know, getting a lot of traction online, and that's how we started our business 9 years ago. In those 1st 4 years, you would imagine we had a lot of conversations internally with our managers.

That's the only way to excel in a startup is to understand what your customer wants. Okay, and in those conversations, you're asking some very pivotal questions. You've taken lessons. Right? What have you liked about your lessons? What have you disliked? What do you what did you wish you could have more of? Alright. What are your typical pain points? What type of swing thoughts do you deal with? Do you find yourself lost in the paralysis by analysis of what we call the golf rabbit hole of online videos and this and that? Like, what do you wish for the been, like, the perfect situation, and we realized, holy crap. There are way too many avenues that could just start to conflict the golfer.

Alright, and we wanted to put together a program that was just really unique and extremely immersive. So we started talking to some of the top instructors in the world. We built it with 50 coaches first. We got it down from 50 to 30, from 30 to 20, from and then 20 down to 15, and then we launched the program 3 years ago. We've had a very, very high success rate since then I sent over 35 one golfers myself in the last two and a half years. That's a lot of conversations. A lot of golfers. Yeah. Alright? You would imagine I'm pretty Alright. Lot lot of Zooms, lot of phone calls, but I enjoy it. I truly do.

Alright? Because I love the game of golf. It got me out of forgetting that I was a a guy that loved my other sports more. I found a true passion in golf. At my at my high, it was a 25.6. I'm a 4.5 now. Wow. I struggled. Alright? Oh, don't get me wrong. I had to work my butt off to get there, but I also wasted about 3, 4 years doing it wrong. Yeah. Okay, and that was 3, 4 years I wish I woulda had back. But hey. Yeah. That's what I'm trying to avoid. Okay. Alright? But that's why we put this program together, and that's why we did our homework. We looked at what was out there.

We asked people if they've been to golf schools and what they think could've done better. Now we put together this program and boom, this is where we're at now. Okay? I've not had one golfer. Out of my 35 one golfers, it's not come back a better golfer. Yeah. I've had a couple of guys that have, like, had say, hey, Justin. I went to your golf school, and I'm gonna go out on a vacation for 4 months, and I'm not gonna play golf, and then boom, I'm gonna come back and maybe play two rounds of my old stuff, and I'm gonna try your stuff, and then we don't want you to do that. Alright? We have a 96 percent success rate, and I don't need you to send in a swing every day either to do that.

Just do your normal routine. I'm a part of that journey as well. I'll meet with the week after the golf school to make sure you had a great time. If your buddy joins joins the same thing, and I'll keep these conversations going with you once a month for a full 12 months as well. I'm an added bonus, though. Take me or leave me. Okay? Hopefully, I'm not too annoying, but I like to be a part of my golfers' journeys. Alright? Okay. Alright. Yes. I've sent 35 100 golfers, but I do have a team of 6 people that help me coordinate meetings and this and that, and I always I always have follow ups with whether it be a text message, whether it be a quick Facetime, whether it's Zoom. Alright? I wanna be a part of your guys' journey. Your goals are my goals. Okay, and that's the whole deal. Alright? Same question I asked you before. Alright? Scale from one to 10. Where are we at now?

Well, Justin, again, it comes down to travel. I'm I'm trying to avoid if if let me answer the question. This is gonna sound like a presidential candidate because I'm not answering your question. What I'm what I'm trying to get around is timing is not that critical to me if if there are opportunities within the state. If not, just be in front of me about that and say, okay. Are we going to Florida? Are we going to Phoenix? That's that's where we're at right now. I just wanna make sure you're you're you're you're open, that you sound excited about the experience. I wanna make sure Oh, that's good. Yeah. I'm good. Alright. I wanna make sure we're at that 9.5.

I asked for the 95. You haven't said it out loud yet. I want the 95. Did I get the 95? 95. Okay. Alright. Beautiful. Okay? Would I send you to Texas? No. I wouldn't. Okay? We only have one golf school that we run in Texas with one golf coach. I don't think he's a good fit for you. Okay? K. I just don't. Alright? Do I have opportunities to get you somewhere like Florida? Maybe something in Arizona earlier next year? You know? Yeah. I have some options this year to send you somewhere, but you would have to go somewhere warm. Okay? Warmer than not not not not warm. Florida, November, December, January. It's actually pretty nice in Florida.

I live in Florida myself. Yeah. Alright. Would you be willing to go to Florida? Yeah. I think so. Okay. So the process from here is extremely simple. Okay? I'm gonna give you the cost. So long as you're okay. With that, what we'll do is we'll spend a couple minutes locking in a date that works best for you. Okay? I have no problem holding an additional spot for your buddy just to you know, you have a conversation with him. Let him know what you're doing, and you can always intro me via text, pass along his information, vice versa. I have no problem hopping on a quick 10 minute call with him, getting a little bit of an understanding his game, what his pain points are. Alright? So that's that's kinda what we'll do. Alright? But, here. One second.

No. We're good to go. Sorry. My computer's yelling at me, and I'm trying to tell to shut up. Just give me a sec. I think we're I think we're good. Okay. Beautiful. Alright. So come out to one of our golf schools. It's a two day full golf event. We don't cover hotel. Okay? But we do have hotel partners and things like that, and we don't cover airfare if you had to jump on a short flight. Okay? We'll cover basic things like your breakfast and lunch during the golf school, and we'll cover all the additionals after. Okay, and one last thing I forgot to mention before, you're gonna love this. You're an engineer. You're gonna love this. As an added bonus to incentivize you to kinda commit to a golf school, we're offering a lifetime membership to something really cool that we created.

Have you seen our promotions for an application called Swing Fix AI yet? Do you know what that is? I have not. Okay. We have an app that we 10 years in development, we launched our VIP version about 3 months ago. So after the golf school, when I go over your experience with you, get your feedback, show you how to send in your videos, make sure you know how to revert back to your analytics and everything that we covered at the golf school, we stop that next call, whatever it may be. I'm also gonna download something on your phone called Swingpix AI. What this app does, it analyzes your swing for you specific to your analytics. So, therefore, if you are pelvic it's augmented AI.

So if your pelvic rotation was your core root flaw, You take a golf swing and you're it looks like you have high enough ceilings where you're at right now. You can put your phone on your desk. You take a swing, and this app will analyze your swing instantly. We'll say, Barry, your pelvis is off by 13. Percent Here's why it's off by 30 percent and here's an instant tip in the video on how to correct it. Okay? You could take 5 swings in a row. Each swing you take, you'll get a an instant feedback and an analysis of it. You can send in your same swings to your coach, give let them give you more personal feedback.

Alright? But you get a lifetime membership to that application. Okay? It's gonna get downloaded on your iPhone. I'll show you how to use it. It's a really cool deal. Alright, and that's an inclusion on top of it. Okay? So that's the last part, and I think you'll love that. Alright? From there. Alright? Pretty damn cool? Alright. Oh, that's cool. Alright. So to come out to one of these events, you're a performance golf member. So you get to reap the benefits of a performance golf, you know, member. Okay? So Right. For a non performance golf member to come out to one of these golf schools, they typically go for 65100. But for our performance golf members, for an on the call, you know, kind of a commitment slash discount for PG members, it's a 15 00 dollars discount.

Okay? So for 5 k all in, that includes the two full days, 8 hours each day, Includes the 12 months of reinforcement coaching. Okay? Instant access, unlimited access, a couple periodic live lessons between, and the addition of the Swing Fix AI app for a lifetime membership. All that together is 5 k all in. Okay, and as far as places I'd wanna send you, you said something in the next 3 months would be perfect perfectly ideal for you. Correct?

Yeah. Except for the month of December. Okay. So anything from now until, what, now until end of November, obviously, and out through and out through Thanksgiving or in starting in January. Okay. Gotcha. I've got a daughter. I've gotta move. Gotcha. Alright. So let me just look at one thing, and this one gonna have spaces and what I have available.

Okay. Okay. So if you had your choice to go to.

Raleigh, North Carolina. Myrtle Beach, South Carolina at the end of October. South Carolina would be 28th, 29th. Raleigh would be 29th 30th. So that's South Carolina or North Carolina. So the Carolinas, that'd be my first option, earliest option. Okay? K. If one and and I also have an early November in Raleigh. Okay, and if you were gonna come to Florida alright. Let me just double check the spots I have available for this, make sure I still have them.

Okay. Alright, and as far as. Florida, I would send you to.

Naples.

Miami or Deerfield Beach.

Or Orlando, actually.

If you had your pick of the litter, where would you would rather travel? Honestly, any of these options are all plan a options. Just a matter if you'd like to go to Florida, which part of Florida, and if you'd like to go to the Carolinas.

Okay. I mean, let me can you look at slides out of Houston there? Yeah. Take like I said, you're my last call of the day. Alright? I got I got rain down for my golf league tonight, so I ain't doing nothing. Okay.

Yeah. Whenever you need me to tell you where you'd be going specifically, just say, Justin, where was that one in Florida? Where was that one in South Carolina? Where was that one in North Carolina?

K. You said, you got Miami, Naples, or Deerfield, or actually Orlando as well. Alright? So Orlando, Naples, Deerfield, which is essentially Fort Lauderdale, Doral, which is essentially Miami. So you would look up Fort Lauderdale because you'd fly into these airports. Fort Lauderdale, Miami, Orlando, or Naples. Those would be the areas in Florida or the Carolinas like I mentioned. Well, between Orlando, Naples, and Miami, which which do you, I I mean, in one of those places, which would be the best time to go. What's your typical vibe? I don't know if you heard the word vibe. Are you a beachy guy? Are you more of, like, a dive bar type of a guy? Are you more, what's what's this more like the city life, like Miami style?

What's what's your what's your typical, because you're not I mean, obviously, you're gonna wanna maybe extend for a day and actually enjoy some Florida weather, I would imagine. So what is your typical vibe? Well, I'm I'm. I'm really thinking in terms of the golf courses, the, the the facilities. Okay.

I would United facilities. Okay. So I would say either Miami, which is we're over at Trump Doral in Miami. Okay? Not not gonna try to get political, but, yes, it is Trump Doral. Hopefully, we're okay. You know? He's not gonna be there himself. Alright? We're not getting into politics, but, you know, we'd be at Trump throughout, or I would say.

Orlando or Naples. You can't go wrong. I would probably leave Deerfield out. Okay, and for Miami, you said you had availability when? So the earliest availability that I would have in Miami would be October 26 27th, November 2nd 3rd, and these are all ones where I have an additional spot where I can maybe get your buddy. Okay? November 9th 10th.

And then November 18th 19th. That's Miami. We're over at Trump Doral. You actually can stay on property if you chose to, okay? We give you a discount. We hook you up with the reservations managed to hook up your stay there. Alright. That would be over at Champ D'oreal in Miami, Florida. Alright. With those dates. If you wanted to go to Naples, I'm over at the Club one Mediterra. Beautiful area. Alright. That's in early November. Alright. November, one. But, honestly, the golf coach that I work with in in Miami, in Toronto, you probably heard of him. You know who Rick Smith is? I've heard the name. Yeah. Yeah. He's you've heard the name. You probably heard of some of the guys he's worked with.

He coached Phil Mickelson. He coached VJ. He actually coached, Jack Mickelson in his later days. Okay? When he He just needs to bring it bring it down a notch. So the last in tune. The the last one years, he's been working with amateur golfers. We'll leave it at that. Okay. So that's that's his true passion. Alright. Alright, and we and so that would honestly be a home run option. Okay? Okay. Which one of those dates would work best? Well, let me look at my calendar here. I'm gonna have to figure out how to, yeah. Take take take your time. Take your time. I'm gonna go let my dog out in the backyard really quick. So take I'm gonna take 30 seconds. You pull up your calendar. I'll be right back. Alright.

Yeah, and and as far as field golf coaches, he is the, best field golf coach that we have.

Okay. I think they're November, 18th 19th. So November 18th 19th. Okay? So Monday, Tuesday. So would be the best case. Okay. Perfect. So what we can do, if you wanted to go ahead and do this, Terry, alright, I can go ahead and lock you in for that date. Okay? I'm gonna send you an official onboarding email, and I'm gonna hold an additional spot for your buddy just in case, and I'll make sure I send you the additional dates in the onboarding email that you're gonna get. So just in case he does wanna join in one of the other dates works best, you know, at least you have a couple options that you can talk to him about and you know, obviously get you guys both set up for the same thing.

Okay? So the process from here would be extremely simple. Alright. In order to lock in your spot, I have a Visa on account, Terry, ending in 23 one. Alright. It expires on 100 and 29. What we typically do is take the card on file to go ahead and process. You're gonna receive an official onboarding email, like I just mentioned, with the PDF, the itinerary, the whole breakdown. As far as staying on property, In the PDF and the attachment that you'll receive, you'll you'll have every piece of information that you need to know about Rick, the facilities, and how to book your stay at the hotel if you wanna stay on property. Okay? The name of the individual you'll reach out to, his name is Frank Witte.

His his information is in the attachment. We give you a phone number and an email address. We have a discounted rate for you to say on property. Okay? Beautiful, beautiful hotel, resort, spa, whole deal, beautiful golf course. Okay? So he's gonna hook you up. We have a discounted rate for our PG members. Okay? So you say you're going to the Rick Smith Golf School, Performance Golf, we'll hook you up and make sure he has set you up with a room. Okay? You can say anywhere you'd like. Okay? If you have a if you have a better place you wanna stay, you go for it. Okay? But outside of that, it's all backend. Alright? We make November 18th 19th, you know, the time, where we're gonna start kicking some butt together.

Okay? Okay, and And only thing I have to do is I've gotta I've gotta tell my wife and make sure she's okay. Okay. With her dates. Okay, and do you think that and it's just a matter of making sure those dates it's just a matter of the dates? That's it? Yeah. Just a matter of the dates. Yeah, then don't even worry about it. We can always lock you in. No big deal, and I'll send we have do you think between. October 26, 27, November two, 3, 9, 10, 18, 19, December two, 3, Do you think any of those dates you'd be able to sit down and figure out one I'm gonna do? Oh, yeah. I think so.

Okay? So we could even tentatively lock you in for the 18th 19th. Okay, and if you need to move to one of the dates, I'll have, I'll have Jackie Ramos, who's the VIP concierge, send you that email with everything, and if you need to move the date one you talk to her tonight, feel free to just email us back. I wouldn't I need to move to this date. Not a big deal at all. Okay? Does that work for you? That works. Yeah. Okay. Awesome. So let's go ahead and do this thing. Do you say, Terry? Alright. Let's do it. Alright. Love it. Okay? So we're gonna go ahead and bill that card on file to get everything that you need.

Okay? Do you have a pen? I'm gonna give you my cell phone. Actually, you're talking to me on my personal mobile, but I'm gonna give you my work mobile. Do you have a pen? Alright. I'm ready. Alright? Take a minute. My work mobile is 754 254 8916.

Okay?

Alright? K, and when it comes to Doug, alright, I'm gonna hold in a and that's and by you reserving a spot, I can actually hold a spot for your buddy too, not just with that date, but the other dates I'm gonna send you. Okay? So just in case, by you locking in yourself, I can hold a hold a spot for him as well while you talk to him. Okay. Okay? Yep. So, would you feel open one you talk to Doug for a couple of minutes? Do you think he'd be cool if I gave him a call and talk to him about the event, or would you will you tell me how that would operate? Let me let me talk to him first, and then I can give him your number, if that works.

Perfect. That's that's all I mean is once you talk to him, do you think he'd be okay. Having a conversation with me? That's all I care about. You think he okay. Cool. I bet you. So once you talk to him, he sounds on board, you know, just, pass along my information, and I'll touch base with you, you know, maybe towards the end of the day, tomorrow, just to make sure that you have the opportunity to talk to him or not. But I have no problem setting up a call with him to discuss all the everything that we kinda discussed, and obviously, in a shorter, shorter, shorter elevator version. I'll leave it at that. I'll I'll make sure I add here to his time.

Okay? Alright. Me that your phone number one more time. 754 254 8916. 8916. Okay. Got it, and you can also save this number you're talking to me on now. Okay? Either one you can get a hold of me, but I prefer reaching me on the 754 number. Okay? Okay. Got it. Alright, and what I'm gonna set up with you, we'll keep it tentative, is I like to at least set up our follow up call. Alright? We'll probably end up switching it if you switch dates, but at least I'd like to get something on the calendar now. Alright? So let me pull up your email again. Alright. So I'm gonna set us up for the week after Thanksgiving, probably. Alright. Just because I don't know what your family situation is. You got people coming in, going out. You guys are going out. Just wanna make sure I set this up. So.

So you're going November 18th 19th.

Let's shoot for are you traveling the 1st week of December by chance, or you would you be available for a quick 15 minute call? Oh, I'd be available for a call for sure. Yeah. How about, the week of 2nd? Which day would work best for you? Let me look here again.

Yeah. Really, anytime, after 10 AM. After 10 AM. So it'd be after 11 AM my time. Alright. So any day would work. So let's shoot for Yeah. That works. Let's shoot for that Monday, 2nd at.

You're gonna send me a a meeting? Yeah. I'm I'm doing it all right now. So let's shoot for you said after 12 your time or after 11 your time? After 10 o'clock my time. 11 your time. Okay. After 10 o'clock. So let's do. Monday. Alright. We'll do, about 10:30, your time. Okay. Alright. So getting you set up right now. TJ Clark 9. SWB. Got you there, and you like to go by Terry. Correct? Yes. I'm one Terry. Alright. Beautiful. Just making sure I was. I'm calling you Terry this whole time, and you could have been like, nope. I like Torel, and it's pronounced Terrell. Correct, or Terrell? Terrell or Terrell. Terrell. Terrell. Whatever one you like to go with.

Okay. Gotcha. Alright. So I just scheduled it. Okay. You'll get an alert in your email here in a minute. Alright? Alright. So I'm gonna send this over to my, to to Jackie and my onboarding team. You might receive an authorization from your Visa, but I'm gonna you know, you should let it go. If you use the car with us, you shouldn't be a big deal. But if you do, you might just have to, you know, give them a quick text yes. Alright? I'll have Jackie provide the other dates that we have available, like I mentioned. Alright, and then I will just give you a quick, text towards the end of day tomorrow so you've had the chance to talk to Doug, and if he's in, great.

Just, intro me via text, give him their my information, vice versa. I'll give him a call and you know, make sure, you know, I give him what he needs. Alright? Okay. Sound good to you? Sounds great. I got one more question for you. Yeah. For sure. The the format of the school during the day, I don't know. What is what is the typical does it, like, the 3rd day? What does the typical day look like? Okay. So exactly how I kind of explained what we're gonna be doing in the morning, the analysis, taking a look, it's kind of the same structure. Yeah. We have some fine tuning things. You'll have all the onboarding information. The PDF and attachment will layout everything you're doing, but I'll kinda go get the elevator version of with it with you right now.

Okay? Like I said, you're my last call today. I have all the time in the world to just kinda give you a rough overview, but I'll make sure you have you'll have everything in your email shortly. Okay? So in the morning time, we're gonna be doing something called the 3 stations training. We're doing a full swing analysis. Okay. Once we finish this full swing analysis, we're gonna work on some chipping and some putting, some pitching, and some bunker shots. Okay? Just to get your confidence moving with your short game. Okay? After that, alright, it's like a 3 hour, 4 hour type of a thing between full swing, rotating stations, things like that, and then we'll have lunch.

Alright? Lunch at the Champions Bar and Grill. Fantastic food. Fantastic restaurant. Okay? 3 to 6 PM. Alright? We're gonna get on some 3 d training gear, some 3 d analysis. We have some really cool technology that we use. It just helps us take a deeper dive. If you like engineering and you like trust me. You're you're you're gonna be blown away with how cool this technology is. Okay? So that's like a you know, from, like, 3 to 6, it's a mixture of doing that and then some on course work like I mentioned. Okay, and then we wrap up right around 6 o'clock. Okay? Day two, continuing practice, you know, with some of the technology. Okay? We're gonna have gears 3 d, further refining your swing through visual feedback.

We're gonna work on something called the Robogolf Pro, you know, just to help out with your practice routines and things like that. We'll do something called body track. Okay? Again, engineering background, you'll love all this stuff. Okay, and then we'll have lunch, and then we'll go back to the performance center. Alright? We're gonna have a systematic slow 9 holes on day two, okay, where we're gonna really dial in that on course instruction, taking time one every single golf shot. It's like an extended 3 hour 9 hole round. Okay? Most 18 holes is playing around 4, so you can imagine how much time we're actually gonna have on the golf course, and then we wrap up around 6 o'clock.

You guys wanna grab a drink at the bar, you guys wanna have some dinner, whatever it is, go for it. But you end at 6 o'clock each day. Okay? Okay. Alright, and then but you'll have this itinerary. You'll get sent everything. Alright? I can already tell you like to sleep in a little bit. Alright? So, you know, you get to you start your day right around you're you're you're hitting the golf course around 11 AM. Alright? So you're gonna have time to wake up, get your breakfast, relax, stretch, do your thing. If you wanna get to the golf course a little earlier, hit some golf balls, whatever it is, you have everything you need. Okay? Okay. Alright?

I see. Alright. I'm excited to work with you, Terry. Alright? Alright. Alright. We're gonna be kicking some butt. I'm looking forward to it. I'm I'm ready. I know you're ready. Alright? So I I want I want some excitement. We got to the finish line. I appreciate your patience to get there. Alright. I know technology was winning in the beginning, but we beat that technology. Alright, and we found a good fit for you. Okay, and you're gonna be in great hands with Rick. Let's just hope to get Doug involved, but, you'll have everything here shortly. Feel free to pick up the phone if you have any questions. Alright? Rick and the team will reach out, within the next week with some emails, some correspondence, just to give them your info they wanna pass along their information.

We will send you periodic emails from now until the golf school, just random updates just to make sure we're engaged with everything from beginning to finish, and then come November 18th, we'll be ready to go. Okay, and you're sending me, I see the calendar invite. Okay. So I have to send this all over to onboarding. Once they, you know, go ahead and process everything, they're gonna send you the official onboarding email from there. It's gonna come directly from Jackie Ramos. The email is gonna be support at performancegolfzone.com. Alright? But it's gonna be from Jackie. She'll get everything that you need. The reason why she sends that email, 17 people on that email, including myself, my whole department, Rick and his whole team.

So, for example, I'm out of the office for a day or two. You need to get ahold of me at the email. I'm unavailable. You send a quick email. One people will get back to your email pretty quickly. Obviously, one person will know, but you have 17 people on it. Okay? Alright. Great. Alright. Terry, looking forward to working with you. Feel free to pick up the phone again if you have any questions. Hopefully, we can get Doug involved, but, I'll talk to you tomorrow unless I hear from you sooner when it comes to your buddy. Okay? Alright, Justin. Thank you. Thank you for your patience. You enjoy the rest of your day over there. Okay? Alright. Have a great day. You too, brother.

