# Transcript

---


**Speaker 0:**

Let's call him Paul Palmer because Paul is cold. He can do a pylon card in the stairs to own the game. He knows exactly what he's doing. He's too technical. Give him a Brazilian passport. Bro has the potential to be one of the greatest, but he needs to stay humble, and maybe get a better haircut and a better number. Give this man number 10. Bro is amazing. Let's call him Colt Palmer because Bro is cold. He can do a panic attack in sprints. He won the game. He knows exactly what he's doing. He's too technical. Giving a Brazilian passport, Bro has the potential to be one of the greatest, but he needs to stay humble and maybe get a better number and a better number.

Give him. We we had, many weeks of negotiation with the Republicans. We arrived at a bipartisan legislative compromise. The senate Democrats, senate Republicans, the house Democrats, the house Republicans, everybody agreed, and then it was blown up by Elon Musk, who apparently has become the 4th branch of government, and that's just an intolerable way of proceeding under representative democracy. So the Democrats are gonna try to figure out how we can salvage the public good out of the wreckage that has just been hoist upon us. But do you think that there's a scenario where you might recur. We we had, many weeks of negotiation with the Republicans. We arrived at a.

Cafe in Germany has come up with a creative way to serve coffee, and it's been attracting a lot of attention. They lined the cup with pistachio paste, add a scoop of ice cream, and pour freshly brewed coffee over it. The result is so unique that nearly every customer can't resist sharing it. A great idea. Check out my profile for more concepts like this. Cafe in Germany has come up with a.

3/25 is about to be the first year that we probably had to live through in our lifetime, and I'm gonna show you why. This chart right here is extremely scary, and I'm gonna break it down to you guys in the simplest form that I can. Okay? This year is a 3 month, 10 year heal.

Not everybody here on this planet has soul. In fact, a lot of them are just projections of programs.

