---
title: "2025-06-18 17-36-10"
date: 2025-06-18
duration: 2m
duration_seconds: 160
vimeo_id: 1094531144
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# 2025-06-18 17-36-10

**Date:** 2025-06-18 | **Duration:** 2m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Hey, it's Paul Mosetta. So congratulations and thank you for enrolling in the AI copy apprenticeship program. I am super pumped to deliver this training with you and with Todd. I, I still can't believe I'm actually going to be mentoring Todd Brown on something as it relates to direct response marketing, but I can tell you that after doing this, uh, and going through this process with dozens of clients at this point, I know Todd's gonna be blown away and you are gonna be blown away as well. So I'm super happy that you decided to take action and enroll in this program.

So super important, please make sure to bookmark this page, copy, paste it, save it, put it in a Google drive, put it somewhere where you will not lose access to it because this page has all the information that you need on it. It's got the dates of the live Zoom calls, it's got the Zoom link as well as the password to get on the calls, as well as a link to all of the custom GPTs that you will need to create your campaigns. Now you will need an open AI account. You can use a free version of the account. I would recommend that you just upgrade and pay the 20 bucks a month to get the paid version of chat GPT, because with that you can access more advanced models of chat GPT, and so therefore the GPTs will work better.

And like, look, you don't have to keep the subscription forever. You can just use it while you are using the GPTs. But again, it's not necessary. It's just something that I would recommend that you do. But again, you have access to everything that you need on this page, and the call recordings will be uploaded as they take place.

So usually within 24 hours, 24, maybe 48 hours of the calls taking place, they will be uploaded and there will be a link on this page for you to access them. And so, like I said, I'm super excited, super pumped to jump on this training with you and uh, and help you really optimize the way that you are engineering E five campaigns. I'm super pumped. Can't wait to do this. And if you have any questions, just reach out to our support team, support@marketingfunnelautomation.com and we will get back to you.

I'll see you guys on the first training. Again, the dates and the link are below.
