---
title: "April 4, 2019"
date: 2019-04-05
duration: 53m
duration_seconds: 3209
vimeo_id: 328712459
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# April 4, 2019

**Date:** 2019-04-05 | **Duration:** 53m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Hey everybody, you are listening to voice of Damien Lenfranchi and you are on Ty Brown's
choir and monetize live traffic Q&A call, ready to come out of the gate, punching, kicking
and having a lot of fun together. So right now, if everybody can shoot through and we'll do our quick little sound check,
make sure everybody can hear me loud and clearly, just give me a howdy, a yep, a yeehaw, whatever
you got. Let me know everything is good, good, good, good, good, good. See Promote Labs is here. You guys did a great job.

We're still seeing folks come over who are downloading our stuff, so great job. I'm good to see you too, David Branderhoss, we hope all is well. We had a great experience, have some awesome videos from this last top one experience we'll
share with you as well. And good to see you too, Steve, great spending some time together. Good to go, Steve.

Alright, so I'm going to start sharing my screen and then I will officially kick things off. Alright, and if everybody could just message me and let me know, you can see my screen. That'd be fantastic. Okay, and I have Sam the man with me. Sam, good afternoon.

Hello, hello. Alright, so for those of you that don't know, Sam is actually part of, Sam served with us
for a couple of months as my marketing shadow. He's still my marketing shadow, but I'm super thrilled that Sam, we decided because of his
phenomenal work ethic, marketing salve, commitment to the MFA way to add Sam to our marketing team. And so great to have him here and keep your ears out because there's always a new opportunity
coming to become the next shadow and possibly become a part of our MFA world in a really
cool way. So for all of you, I hope you're having a great Thursday.

We're here live as we always are every single week inside of Acquire and Monetize. Again, the two biggest parts of your business, getting new customers, making more numbers,
it's all about conversion and traffic. And so every other week, you get Mr. Todd Brown, nobody better in the world to have a look
at your stuff, your offers, your hooks, your ideas, your arguments, fix your funnels and
do all that other good stuff. And that happens, we take turns and so one week, it's conversion.

So last Thursday, it was Todd and next Thursday, it'll be Todd on conversion. And then this week, it's me for live traffic, right? Making sure that once you have that winning offer, you're getting as many people to it. And you really get to play, in my opinion, the most fun part of the online marketing game,
which is the, you know, the arbitrage game, right? Where you can start buying traffic, buying buyers, and literally the more money you spend,
you do it right, you understand how we teach what we teach, and the more money you have
at the end of the day.

That's a beautiful place to be, especially when you're working hard, you know, you have
a product or service that kicks butt. And so that's what we're going to talk about. We have some great questions that came in today, of course, as we go through, especially
now that I have my right hand man here, Sam, feel free to ask questions as we go. Sam will moderate them, and of course, if you have a specific question, we can even unmute
you and some other good stuff. So let's jump in right away.

With our first questions, the first question comes from Mr. Nacho Munoz. Nacho is from Spain, actually doing some really big stuff. He has an awesome case study that I'll be sharing with you all in the next couple weeks. I was speaking with him last night, and he was just saying how they literally in the
last 12 months or so have launched a million dollar business off the back of what he's
learned through the E5 method, which everybody here, I know most of you have been E5 camp
students.

If you haven't, or if you got it, and you just are like, yeah, I kind of did a little
of this and that. Let me tell you, there's nothing better you can do if you're serious about really sustainably
getting new customer sales that are increasing all the time, and really getting to a place
where there are no more flop offers, but you're putting offers out there that are either winners
or huge winners. You need to go through E5 and master it, and we're actually going to talk a little bit
about E5 in a little bit. It's kind of an answer to one of the questions that came in. Anyhow, Nacho asked a question, can I see an example of a Facebook compliant VSL, Facebook
compliant VSL.

So what I want to do is I'm actually going to go the distance and kind of, for everybody
here, talk about not only sort of the overarching principles of what makes it compliant, but
then we're also going to look at a couple of examples that Sam was kind enough and diligent
enough to pull together for us. So let's talk about the compliance checklist that we're going to go through. Now just to let you know where this comes from, this doesn't come from me trying to come
up with something snazzy to share with you. This is how I do what I do. Again, I've run millions in ads, I've fought with compliance, I've had accounts banned about
three years ago, went through a very rough period.

I've gone through all sorts of different stuff and not through some secret manuscript that
was left in the parking lot of Facebook compliance people and the secret tricks, none of that stuff. This is just the in the trenches of what we do and how we get our stuff run. I can tell you right now the trend is Facebook's cracking down more and more and just disapproving
ads. We're seeing it even on our stuff. But the good thing is because of the compliance protocol that I developed and that we follow,
even when we get disapproved, we ultimately get it approved.

I just had one the other day, Sam, actually it was on the 5X book that got flagged and
they actually said it wasn't an ad issue, it was an issue with the page. I went back in and I looked at it and the fact of the matter is, it was. I got excited with a little bit of the lead copy I wrote and I got a little bit too promise-y,
a little bit too much, made a couple too many claims. I dialed it back a little bit, I wrote a very nice response to them and they were like cool
and they approved it and we're back up and running. That's really neat.

Let's talk about what that looks like. Again, it's 100% absolute transparency and safety and making sure because again, Facebook's
concern right at the end of the day without getting into algorithms and again secret manuscripts,
at the end of the day, they're a social media platform, they're a monster that makes a ton
of money. Advertising is not a huge deal to them, it's just another revenue stream. More important than your $2 a click you're paying is that they know that on their platform,
the people who are seeing your ads are going to be well served, meaning they're seeing things
that they are what they look like they are, that they're not scams, that they're not intrusive,
that they're not offensive because there's no amount of the money, no matter how long
much you've spent with Facebook, no matter how much you're willing to pay per click,
that Facebook deems worthy of jeopardizing the experience of their platform. 100% transparency, no games, no click bait, none of the shady stuff of the wild west of
internet marketing five or even ten years ago where say one thing, do another thing and
all this other goofy stuff like we need to be 100% transparent and safe.

Does it mean we can't be compelling? No, we can't. In fact, smart marketers like you all are because you're A&M members and you're part of our tribe,
understand how to go the distance and still be completely transparent and safe but still
be ultra compelling. What are a couple of the guidelines? First of all, always make sure every single page you put up for Nacho and for everybody here,
complete footer, phone number, address, terms of service, disclaimer and make sure your stuff's
legit.

I'll tell you like you can get flagged even on like an AdWords if your terms of service or
disclaimer like links to a different domain or like you didn't take the time to update
the URL and the terms and disclaimer. Like make sure it's on the up and up, 100% transparent, 100% safe. And again, you might be saying, wait, but what about the VSL? What about like what music I can use? Well, hold on, hold on before we get there, right?

Make sure we make no indirect direct or indirect claims whatsoever. So when you talk about results, right, whether you're in the fitness area and it's like you
will lose 10 pounds in two weeks or you will make, you know, $3,000 in cryptocurrency and
will not get through. You will get flagged. I don't care where you buried in your VSL. Eventually the Facebook compliance police will find you.

They will translate your, your VSL. They will scrape it for words that upset them, which honestly I think is one of the things
that ended up getting that landing page flag that I had to change was that I used words
like financial. I said it will change your finances and it'll, you know, put more cash in your pocket. And I got a little too aggressive there. So you need to make sure it is always about I did or Bob did, right?

That's what's going to make you a lot safer. So being able to write a VSL and say, Hey, I need to tell you about the crazy journey I
made. And you know, the seven little secrets I learned from an ex military veteran that allowed me
to, you know, finally drop my pant size, you know, four sizes before the next wedding
I had to go to whatever it is, right? You tell a story about you could still be compelling. It could be a narrative, right?

Great copy. You know how to do these things, but you can't just do the headline. That's like, you know, if you are reading this and you were about to make $3,000 in
the next seven minutes, right? Okay. It doesn't even matter if it's in the VSL.

Don't think you can be all slick and buried in your VSL. They will find it. You also want to make sure no claims based guarantees. This is interesting. We got, we got, uh, temporarily had, uh, were actually mistakenly, uh, as I often put it
when I appeal my ads, I'll say, I believe there might've been a slight mistake.

Um, we were mistakenly flagged for our books on our books. We ran some different tests and we found that, uh, would help boost conversions by offering
a triple money back guarantee. And what happened was when Facebook initially saw that they were saying, wait, wait, so you're
telling people are going to make their three times their money. And I said, no, clearly read it. It says if the book doesn't, you know, help you solve your problems, if you're not thrilled,
return it and we'll give you three times your money back.

Um, for those of you that kind of are wondering, how do you do that? Uh, we just found that basically on a $7 product, worst case scenario, instead of returning
$7, we're returning $21. It's not a huge hit. I wouldn't do this on a $3,000 or $2,000 product. Uh, but we also found as I spoke to Chris in our, uh, who's our director of experience
that literally we might have, you know, for the thousands of books we sell, we might have,
you know, two people, three people a month that actually asked for this.

And so it really shows that we stand behind what we do and boost conversion. So definitely worth testing. Uh, but we want to make sure we avoid claims based guarantee. So a guarantee that would say, Hey, in 30 days or less, you will get 50 new customers. Your blood pressure will drop this many points.

Uh, you know, you will get this no claims based guarantees. Doesn't mean you can't have an ultra compelling guarantee, right? You could have something that says, Hey, look, if in 30 days you apply this entire system,
and you're not thrilled for results, you know, uh, you're not only will I give you money back,
but I'll send you a, you know, $25 Starbucks gift card for me just for your troubles and
for giving it a try. So there are ways to do it, right? You can also, uh, this is a John Benson thing, right?

You can make the, the, you know, the triple money back, you know, the triple bulletproof guarantee,
right? If the program doesn't deliver, if you're not fully satisfied, um, if you don't, uh, get the,
you know, if you don't get the results that you want, or if you know, any reason at all,
you're not happy with even the color of my hair, my accent, when I deliver the training,
let me know and I'll give you your money back again. So we want to make sure we were risk reversal, ultra compelling, it's unique, but we want
to avoid claims based guarantees. Uh, we want to make sure the ad and where you're sending them is congruent, right? When we're setting up the BSL, right?

The same rules apply that we talk about. So if your ad is about, Hey, I'm going to give you this three step map to learning how
to play guitar, then on the next page, the BSL better be a three step map or better say,
Hey, you know, here's the three step map. Just opt in. You can get it, but it needs to be congruent. Okay.

You don't want to, again, play a game where it's like, Hey, want this free article on the
next page? You send them to a BSL or you say, Hey, you want this piece of software on the next page? You send them to BSL. It needs to be really clear. And the way that I heard this explained really well, um, is I have a buddy who said that a
Facebook rep had told them, uh, they talk internally.

Um, and I don't know if this is true or not, but I think it's helpful and it's certainly
easy to remember is they talk about the grandma test. Um, my grandmas have all passed on. I don't know. Do you have any grandmas who are alive? No, they passed on too.

So your grandmas have passed on too. So maybe somebody here has a grandma. This suddenly turned to a very, very, uh, morose conversation of no more grandmas. But, um, the conversation, maybe you live next to a grandma or your friends have a grandma,
is that if grandma came to your ad and then they came to your BSL, would grandma be safe? Meaning is there anything that would possibly trick granny that she would be like, I didn't
realize that when I bought the $7 book, you were going to charge me every day for the
next 365 days with forced continuity.

Like, is there anything that would make granny send up a flag and go like, I didn't know
and I was taking advantage of it. And if that's the case, redo it. Like don't, don't play that game. Don't try to be slick with Facebook. Um, they are more powerful and they are far slicker than we are.

We need to be slick or intelligent or savvy by making sure that we play by the rules. And I'm laying them out for you right here. And last but not least, do not try to hijack the user's navigation. Uh, so especially on BSLs, uh, it's very, very common to use exit pops and auto plays. And so first of all, not making your videos audio, auto play.

That's an easy one. Um, the other thing that's interesting is exit pop. So you thought that you can have an exit pop, but you can't hijack navigation. So for most of you, remember those, those original exit pops that literally it would pop
and you wouldn't know where to click to get away. And no matter what you clicked, somehow it seemed like you always did what the marketer wanted
you to do.

Um, that will absolutely get you flat. However, if you have a non-invasive exit pop or just kind of floats over the screen and
it doesn't prevent them from taking the navigation action that we're intending. That is a okay and fine. And just so here's a little nugget for all of you, whenever you're doing the BSL, you
absolutely will find a nice lift and conversion, not a game changer, right? The game changer comes from the idea, the expression, the offer.

Uh, but certainly an optimization element is whenever you do a BSL, have an exit pop that
they go to leave. It says, Hey, uh, before you go, uh, would you like me to give you a complete transcript
of this training of blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And if they say yes, then just take them to a long form sales letter version of the BSL. Um, also great to do that in a, in a followup campaign. If you're having people opt in for a BSL, you can, uh, you can also send those unconverted
leads back to a long form sales letter because people are different, right?

Some people love watching a BSL. They'll sit there, they'll listen. Other people like me, my attention spans about 90 seconds. At the end of the 90 seconds, I'm checking my phone. I'm opening four other windows while I'm listening and you lost me.

However, a long form sales letter, I'll, I'll scan through it. I'll scan through it. And if the price looks reasonable, if there's good amount of proof behind it, if the offer
and the promise is compelling enough, um, you have a shot at converting. Okay. Are there any questions from anybody?

Uh, before I go on to some actual examples, cause it's just a good and important topic for
us to cover with BSL. So by the way, another workaround, right? If you have a BSL, uh, let me tell you two, two, uh, two advanced techniques here that
you can consider. First of all, if you have a, let's say you have a BSL that's just in a dicey area. You're in the finance or the health space, which are two of the most, uh, highly regulated,
uh, or compliance prone issue prone areas.

What I would strongly, strongly recommend, um, is doing the squeeze page, right? Cause Google, right. And this is where you have to learn your platforms. Um, I'm not an AdWords expert, uh, but I know AdWords decently. Well, um, Google will crawl your entire site.

We once had a site a handful of years ago. We once had a campaign completely shut down, Sam, completely shut down. Not because of the landing page, not because of the sales page, not because the order form,
not because of the thank you page, because somewhere else on the URL was an old offer
from like two years ago that had claims on it. Hmm. Wow.

Not even the same product, right? We were selling E5 on a webinar at the time and they found like some version of like email,
you know, email persuasion secrets, a product we sold a couple of years ago that had claims
on it. And they were like, no, you're flat. And like, couldn't get it back up at the time. I'm like, that's how bad it was.

However, at a Facebook at least currently, and I've never heard anything differently or seen
anything differently. All I care about is the first page you take them to. And I'm not saying you should do something ridiculous and scandalous on the second page. However, if you are concerned that, Hey, I have my message dialed. It's working on solos.

It's working on offline. I don't want to change this thing and chance it doesn't work. Well, then the easy answer is just put an opt in page in front of that BSL. And then as long as the opt in page passes the compliance checklist, then you can do what
you want. The other little nugget that is worth considering is I would strongly consider against still staying
compliant running or at least testing.

And we're going to start doing this, Sam. I don't know if I mentioned this to you, but we're going to be doing this soon. We're just deciding on how and where we're going to try this is delivering the BSL as
a video inside of Facebook. Facebook really likes when you try to keep people inside of Facebook. And if you work your numbers, you might find like, Hey, if I have an opt in rate of 20%
and then only, you know, 70% of the people are watching the whole BSL.

You know, I have to get like nine people to get one person to complete it. You might find it's actually way more cost effective to run a BSL inside of the Facebook
platform itself. And then because of the great advantage we now have inside of Facebook, you can then retarget
everybody that watched 75% of the video, just like you would as if they opted in. So that's something we currently are not running any BSLs on the front. We might have some offers.

Actually, we are going to come out with a mid tier offer that'll be a BSL that we'll test
those kinds of strategies with. But if you're currently running BSLs, it's something I would consider. I didn't like that, Sam. Yeah, that's cool. What would you send the BSL traffic to if you kept it inside Facebook?

Like the same sales page? That's a great question. So if I kept it inside of Facebook and I knew, Hey, they watched 75% of it. I would probably segment like this. I would probably send to a, I would have a sales page for the BSL that would either be
long form copy of the BSL that would just break down the offer, the terms, the guarantee,
all compliant.

And I would do two step checkout so that they opted in on step one and then they closed on
step two. And again, for everybody here, I strongly, strongly advocate best practice. We always use a two step checkout. It just always converts better to get more leads. I've, you know, we've seen the stats, you know, Sam, you've done a ton of work with me on the
front end, right?

For every one foot fire we get, we get two additional abandons, which means that if we
were sending directly to the sales page, we would just get the one sale. But instead, you know, every time we generate a hundred sales, we're getting 200 leads for
free, 200 extra leads. And we're finding what abandoned sequences, a percentage of those leads are immediately converting. And then we're building our lead base in addition. And so that, that really helps with your numbers.

Um, and so I would send to a sales page, two step checkout. I would target the cart abandoned people separately. Uh, and so everybody who watched 75% of the video, they would go to that long form sales
page. That, uh, is a step one, you know, two step checkout, uh, that has the offer on it. And then for people that went to the cart and abandoned, they would be sent back to the
order form and they would kind of get a, Hey, it looks like you were checking out and something
happened on the way out.

You know, you're almost done. There's something waiting in your cart for you. By the way, did you see this bonus? By the way, did you see these results? And that's something that's so important.

We, we had a great talk, um, at the top one experiences last weekend. Uh, for those of you that don't know, top one is our highest level group where we work
with all entrepreneurs, uh, that Sam now almost exclusively seven and eight figure entrepreneurs,
a couple of gunning for nine figures. Um, and we were talking about email followup, uh, and, you know, campaign followup. And what's really important when you go back to somebody, you know, the Neolithic days of
just grabbing a log that says, buy my product and smashing them in the head repeatedly until
they buy or die. Um, it's, you know, it's primitive.

It's better than nothing, but it's primitive, right? The smart thing to do is to know your clients good enough, know your prospects. Well enough, know your funnels well enough to figure out why don't they buy. And when you figure out why they don't buy, you retarget them with a laser like sharp arrow. That's just been perfectly carved and, and, you know, perfectly crafted to pure steel.

Uh, you know, pick Pierce, Pierce, the steeliest objection. And then you retarget them to content that overcomes that objection. So maybe the objection is, you know, on E5, we knew one of the objections was, well, what if I have a great campaign and I don't have traffic? Well, the answer to that is we include a bonus, which is the MFA internal traffic, uh, traffic buying program, which I created. And so what we would do is we retarget people that would say, Hey, you know, remember you get this special bonus.

Why? Because it overcomes a potential objection. Another objection might be, Hey, I don't have time to attend all the calls. And then we say, Oh, well they're recorded and you could still get feedback or, Hey, you know, what if this doesn't work for me? Another followup might, might emphasize the guarantee and how well protected they are.

Um, another one might be like, I'm just getting started. Will this work for me? And then we'll deliver a case study. That is somebody who was just getting started and bullet work for me. And so you really want to make sure that, you know, you get smart with your retargeting.

Does that make sense? Yeah, that's a, that's great. And by the way, everybody, I'm going to put Sam publicly on the hook here. So everybody hears it. Uh, next traffic, uh, called here.

We've been doing some really cool stuff. Um, listing, as you know, we do a lot of books on the front end. We started listing them on Kindle. Uh, Sam's been leading that charge. He's been the quarterback and we've actually started running ads as well and seeing some pretty neat results.

Uh, not earth shaking, but definitely worth looking at. And so Sam, uh, in two weeks is going to come and share some of the findings. Uh, you all would enjoy that. Yeah. Cool.

Well, it's official now. It is official. That's it. We're in. So let's get back to Nacho and Nacho's question.

And so let's look at some compliant ads. And so here's an example and appreciate you pulling this for everybody, Sam. Uh, this is a ClickFunnels ad. Is there one skull on the planet? If there's one skull on the planet, you need to learn right now to make money and create
dot, dot, dot, dot, dot.

Uh, is in the middle of getting his business online started just like you. One of the first questions he asked was how we can make enough money to live on. So he started doing a ton of research. He learned one of the mistakes new entrepreneurs make is pouring money into an untested product
or service. Yikes.

Um, and so it goes through this article, uh, and it talks about what to do. Notice it, it, it, it, it toes the line, but it doesn't say you, it says this is, you
know, swept the exact process Spencer is currently using to replace his salary for free. So it doesn't say you will do this. It doesn't guarantee. It doesn't imply anything.

It just says, this is what he's doing. Uh, and more importantly, Nacho wanted to look at the page. So let's look at that, that URL and Sam, you could share that in the chat for everybody
as well. So this is an example. Now what's really interesting is this headline, right?

If I was writing copy and I didn't care about compliance, my headline would not be Spencer
is getting his online business started just like you. This is, this is crazy vanilla, right? My headline would be like, you know, the, the, the shocking formula, you know, that Spencer
stole on the way out of his, you know, when he was fired from his last job that allowed
him to generate $17,000, you know, three days before his unemployment kicked in. Like it would just be super claimy results, dollars, figures, all that other stuff. But here, because of compliance, you'll see it's a little bit more vanilla.

Um, you can go through and watch this VSL yourself. So here's an example you can go through. Um, and again, you know, those of you that are familiar with ClickFunnels, uh, you know,
a good friend of Todd's and, uh, you know, we, we like a lot of their stuff, but you'll
notice they have a ton of proof behind what they do. But what's interesting is when you get to their proof section on this Facebook page,
uh, you know, you've got a little bit of proof here, his funnel generated this. Um, but you don't see the claims you see on most ClickFunnels stuff, which is like,
you know, made a hundred thousand dollars.

I want to show you this one section. You'll see over here. Look, you know, 15 year old was able to use ClickFunnels to take over his parents' business. Again, it doesn't say a financial claim, right? Went from living in a closet to a total financial freedom, uh, not a direct financial claim.

Local gym owner uses funnels to fill any gym in 30 days. Again, not, you know, they're avoiding those very specific. You will make this much money in this much time. Launch the funnel in 30 minutes without a program. And notice that's a claim of what they accomplished.

But again, it stays out of that dicey area of financial claim. When you, you know, that's really the, the death wish, Sam, is when it's both a time-based
and dollar-based, you will make X dollars and Y time. Like that's the, the, the perfect storm for what's going to, going to, you know, generate,
uh, compliance issues for you. And so Sam, you could share that link out with everybody. Uh, actually I could send that out as well.

I just have it here, 52 seconds. Um, actually it's not letting me share at this moment. So you could, you could send that out, Sam. Yeah. Yeah.

I think I put it in the chat. Perfect. You already did it. You did. Then you're on the money, buddy.

All right. And then let's look at this next one. This next one's a Tony Robbins one. Notice where would you be with, you know, where would you be with the coach? The biggest risk of not improving your life.

You can't get more time. The investment returns 10 to 20 times where you invest from what you learn. Contriver business owner. Uh, notice it's a quote. A quote is another thing that kind of steers you clear.

It's not like you're saying it. You're just quoting somebody else. Um, but again, it doesn't say you're going to make 20 times, uh, finance. Doesn't mean you're going to make a specific dollar amount. Uh, it just says the investment, but it doesn't talk about dollars at all.

It just says the investment and return. Um, and plus, you know, let's be honest, you know, certain accounts do, there are privileges,
right? When you have an established account and established record, Tony Roberts and these guys, uh, you
know, you're talking about one of the biggest players and faces and direct response in the
planet. Uh, you know, Tony gets to do things that other people don't, but, uh, but still looking at
this, you'll see another BSL example that Sam will send through the chat, uh, that runs
on Facebook, you notice, but you don't see anything, uh, in here. That's like, you know, I will make you an additional $50,000 this next month or this year.

I'll make you a millionaire by the end of the year. Like, look at this headline, achieve your goals faster with a life coach by your side,
right? Not super claiming again, especially not specifically when you talk about fitness or finances, you
know, it's, uh, you know, talks about, you know, when applied correctly, uh, a coaching
can produce seven times the ROI and our initial investment. Notice they have a little one there. This disclaimer, uh, which goes somewhere on the page that I don't see, but, uh, that's
kind of funny.

So you have both those examples now, Nacho, and I hope this guides you and everybody on
the call to really thinking about your BSLs, uh, using some of the stuff we talked about
and realizing that you can still do ultra compelling, ultra effective stuff and be compliant. Again, this is the long game. We're not here for the short game in here. We're built, you know, this isn't just about making money, right? Everybody, honestly, if you're worth your weight, uh, anybody figure out how to, you
know, make, uh, make some cash fall down out of the sky online.

It's about sustainable and sustainable comes from not trying to gain the system, but trying
to, you know, respect the rules of the game and be a good player in it and a good citizen. All right. Next question. Jean-Michel, uh, is asking, do you have a process about audience research and audience sensitive
with Facebook ads or non lookalike audiences? Do you test them separately?

So for those of you, uh, that are familiar inside of Facebook, we can do something called
a lookalike audience, which means let's say whether you have 200 issues with the minimum
or 20,000 buyers or leads, you could put them in Facebook. And then Facebook basically takes really fascinating process. They take all those phone numbers and email addresses. Sam, as you know, they match them up to Facebook profiles and then inside of your Facebook profile,
they've mined every little piece of data about your entire life from, you know, what pages
you like, what books you like, what politics you, you know, politics you follow, what your
demographics are, everything about you, where you live, where you work, your marital status. And they essentially what they do is they profile your customers for you.

So they say, Hey, you gave me 200 customers. I looked through, I've run all this data regression analysis and all this crazy other algorithmic
stuff they do. And then they pull an off the audience of their universe of, you know, a million or 2
million or 4 million people look like the people you gave them. However, sometimes you want to test audiences directly in Facebook and we do that as well. And so Jean-Michel was asking, how do you test them?

Well, I answer the second question since it's simpler and faster. First, do you test them separately? And the answer is I always test them separately. Uh, when you first come out of the gate, if you're going to test, you know, Tony Robbins,
you know, Robert Kiyosaki and, you know, Brendan Burchard, test them separately. Otherwise you won't know what audience is working.

Now, what is the process? And the process that I'm going to share and we're going to talk about, uh, is gone into
in depth in E5. I'm going to talk a little bit about web analysis and, uh, let me just talk about this. You know, what's funny, Sam, I was on a call, uh, with Jeff last week. You know, Jeff, right?

Jeff, who? Jeff. From Germany. Oh, okay. Yeah.

You see, now it sounds like I'm making this up, Sam. Yeah. Where did you, where did you first meet Jeff? Jeff was at the Agora event. Okay.

So, uh, you're making me look silly, Sam, you know, help me out here. So, uh, I'm kind of, I know I'm catching up. So Jeff is a copywriter from Germany. Um, and he's an E5 student and he reached out to Todd and us, uh, the other week. And he was like, I've got to tell you the results I had.

And long and the short was Jeff was doing a launch with a client. Um, they're totally, they were targeting to do around $800,000 on this launch. Uh, for the first time, Jeff actually, you know, Jeff is an accomplished copywriter, a
savvy copywriter, but he actually applied the full E5 method for the first time and his
launch generated $1.6 million. Uh, it more than doubled the target they were shooting for. And what was so fascinating when I spoke to Jeff and while the full case study you've
been working on and know, uh, you've been working on that, right, Sam?

Yeah, it's, uh, going to be done pretty soon here. Okay. Okay. So you're on page now, you know where I'm coming from. I know Jeff you're talking about.

So we'll be sharing that with the tribe, uh, soon. But what was fascinating is that not only Jeff, Jeff didn't just attribute the success
of that to the E5 method, but he specifically attributed it to the research portion of the
E5 method, um, which is the Explorer, the Ian Explorer of E5, which is fascinating. Cause let's be honest, these internet marketers, you know, like we're like, dude, give me the
traffic, give me the crazy conversions, money jumping secrets, you know, and research is
everything. Yeah, research. Yeah, sure.

Whatever. Yeah, I know my, you know, we kind of tend to shrug it off. Uh, but Jeff was wise enough to really take the time to go through that E5 process, uh,
which I'm going to kind of give you a quick overview of now. And that's really for, for Jean-Michel and everybody involved, that's the process you want
to go through. And so inside of E5, if you're not an E5 member, dude, get in there, get it immediately,
get it yesterday, get a time machine and get it yesterday.

Uh, it'll change your life, but it looks like this. So the web analysis, uh, has three separate sheets to it, but this is where I would start
is doing this really deep prospect analysis. And Todd teaches through this, uh, just so, so eloquently and in far more in depth than,
than we have the time to do on this call. But really going through the prospect asking what are their wants and desires? What are the emotions and feelings?

What are their beliefs and identifications in terms of how they see themselves? What do they believe? What do they want to gain? What do they want to be? What do they want to do?

What do they want to save? What do they want to avoid? And then kind of circle the, the common desires of your prospect. Do them on social advancement, uh, be more efficient, be more creative, have better health. And this is really important.

And the reason I bring this up, uh, Jean-Michel and for everybody here in terms of identifying
new audiences, testing Facebook, because you know, sure you can do just the straight up
competitive stuff, which we, you know, which right, you know, who else is, who are my competitors? Let me try to advertise to their audiences. But the other thing is to, you know, when you go through this and you really start to understand
who your prospect is, you start to realize like, you know, I could say, Hey, let's advertise
to anybody who follows Frank Kern. And we've done that and it works. Right.

But what if we step back and we say, Hey, you know what, let's, um, well, what else? Um, you know, people who are on our market, right? They also are people that advertise on Facebook, right? So people that are, you know, advertising, following other people that teach Facebook advertising,
that's a great, that's an ideal prospect for people who use a high level CRM like Infusionsoft,
right? Or Entreport.

That's somebody who's in our market. They're right there. They're investing in their business. Uh, they understand the, the, the value of creating offers and communicating with their
list. Like that's how we want to think.

And this web analysis will really, uh, really like exercise your brain to think more deeply
about what your prospect is thinking about. Um, and that'll open up all sorts of new doors to go, wait a second, you know, beyond the
market, uh, competitor, somebody who does this is also somebody who, who I want, you know? So for example, you know, uh, if you were doing CrossFit, right, you could certainly advertise
against your competitors. Who else is teaching? We're getting CrossFit classes, but then you might also pause and be like, wait a second.

People who are Royal CrossFit people, they all, you know, they're paleo people or they, they
always buy these, this specific brand of shoes. And so you're able to sort of come at it at a different angle and that opens up all sorts
of new, uh, new audiences to target. Sam, I know you, you've spent a lot of time in E5 really, uh, you know, on the continual
journey to master this process. Anything you want to add to that either, uh, insights or questions? Yeah, definitely, definitely two things.

Um, what's really cool about this and even Jeff mentioned there on the call is that, you
know, he was a copywriter. He already knew how to do this, but nothing taught it like this method does like this took
it to the next level. And what it did for him was help him tap into that, like deeper desires, those deeper emotions
that really make your marketing tick. Um, one of the books Todd recommends, which is actually mentioned in this module is, uh,
from Victor Schwab, old school copywriter. It's how to write a good advertisement.

Um, I would definitely recommend looking into that. That's been super, super helpful for me because, you know, he talks about like deeper emotions,
like joining, joining an elite club, you know, getting the admiration of others, uh, you know,
making a statement and being heard. Like that's what, that's what you learned through the web analysis with this. Awesome. Yeah.

And you could put that book recommendation right in the top ones. Actually, you know what? You could put all this stuff in the top on Slack channel. It's even better because, uh, GoToWebinar erases everything once we're gone. Okay.

Um, and then, uh, the next thing Jean-Michel, I would, uh, I would do, and I'm going to unmute
you real quick. Uh, hey Jean-Michel, how's it going? Hey Damien. What's up? How are you?

I'm great. Hey Sam. I'm doing fantastic. I'm going to walk you through one more thing and then let's, let's chat a little bit. Sound good?

In case you have any questions. Yep. And so the last thing you could look at, uh, that'll be really helpful that, that Todd
teaches through in the E5 method is the prospect behavior profile. So really understanding their prior purchases, what experts they follow, favorite movies,
television shows, favorite periodicals, favorite books. Um, you could certainly use Facebook insights for some of this.

And so, uh, inside of Facebook insights, um, you can go inside and actually, uh, look at
different audiences. And so if, uh, if that's something you want to do on another, on another, uh, A&M call to
somebody, submit a question, I'm happy to dig through insights with you. But for now, and Jean-Michel's question, um, any questions, comments on, on what I just
shared in the process that, that I would look at? Um, no, I think it's really clear. Um, it's just some time on Facebook, um, a lot of, I would say, interest.

You can't really target them. Sometimes you can, you can find something, you know, that would be great, but at the end
you can't really, you know, target them. That's, yeah, sad sometimes. Yeah. And just to, just so everybody knows what Jean-Michel is referring to, there are certain
things that for whatever reason, there could be somebody that has an audience of 2 million
people and you'll go to target them and they just won't show up as a target on Facebook.

I don't know why. I don't know if they're sliding money into Facebook on the side and they're like, I don't
want people targeting me. I don't know if it's a trademark thing. I've never heard anybody have an answer to that. I could just tell you that that's the reality is that sometimes for whatever reason, you
could have something that's a huge audience, potential audience target and they just won't
show up inside of Facebook.

Um, however, you know, that's why we need to be smarter. We need to go through this in, and I just want to tell you Jean-Michel, just like I'll
tell everybody here that's on the call today, like go the distance. Everybody else, right? All your other competitors, they will not go the distance. They'll just be like, eh, I kind of know who my competitors are.

They'll spend five minutes researching. But when you really put the time in, just like you heard from Jeff, just like you're
hearing from me today, when you really put the time in, like actually print or do these
online, fill these out, go the distance, it will open up new levels of thinking and you
will see things you have not seen before. Make sense? Yeah, totally. Cool.

You good? Yeah, perfect. Thanks so much. Good. Appreciate you being here as always Jean-Michel.

Thanks. All right. So let's keep going here. Next question. When you calculate average cart value, do you include payment plans?

That's an interesting question. Um, so our average cart value, let's talk about this together and why this is such an
important question. So what is the purpose of average cart value? Uh, so the name of the game in scaling through paid traffic, what we teach, how we've scaled
all our businesses, our students businesses or top on clients businesses. It's all about the buying of new customers, right?

And so the front end of your business is all about customer acquisition and the profits are
made on the back end, which means the goal of the front end is to understand how aggressively
we can buy new customers. And when I said buy a new customer, it means that I'm willing to spend a hundred dollars
to get a new customer, $200, $50, $1,000, whatever the case may be in your market. And so when we're buying new customers, it means we need to know the price we can pay. Uh, so obviously if I'm buying a new customer into my E5 camp program or, you know, our E5
camp program, I can pay a lot more than if I'm buying somebody who's just going to purchase
a book. And so the price initially that we're willing to pay to buy a new customer is, I don't want
to say, uh, will be a function, will be a function is, is a little bit loose.

It actually is just the average cart value. So if I know that when someone buys, uh, goes through my funnel, maybe it's a DSL, maybe
it's a front end book funnel, there's a bump offer, maybe there's an upsell, maybe there's
not an upsell. I can figure out how much that average person is worth on day one. On day one. And that's how much if I'm looking to break even, which at some point, that's why it says
initially at some point, we might be willing to go negative, but starting with the break
even strategy, I need to know how much the average cart value is.

So the break even one must acquire customers at a price equal to the average cart value. My slide just jumped ahead without me. Um, and so we have to equal the cart value because this is purely a cash register game. And this is what I mean. If you start to get into this situation, Sam, where all of a sudden we say, well, you know,
the average cart value, you know, you got to remember, you know, there are some people
on a three payment plan and also someone took the subscription trial.

And also, you know, there's a second chance offer we send out two weeks later. And also, also, also, also what you're really doing is you're starting to look at lifetime
value of the customer rather than that day one average cart value. And from a cash flow perspective, you really need to be disciplined and focus on that day
one average cart value. Because when you're scaling aggressively, like when we believe in aggressive scaling, right? When we work with our, all of our clients here inside of A&M and at top one, how these
guys are adding, you know, looking to add a million dollars more to their business.

It's through aggressive scaling, which means you need to know, hey, I'm, you know, everybody's
worth, you know, a hundred dollars on day one. I need to know what that day one value is because if you're spending a thousand dollars
and, you know, buying 10 buyers, okay, I'm getting that money back on day one. But if you start baking in all these things, well, seven days later, some people take the
second chance offer. Well, 60 days later, somebody, you know, half the people make their second payment. All of a sudden you can be profitable, but you can become cash broke really, really quickly
because you don't understand what that registered transaction is in the purchasing of new customers.

And that's why you want to be really, really disciplined in that initial stage of scaling
to understand that average cart value is just what you collect day one from the average customer. That's it. Day one, 24 hours. That's it. Don't talk to me about, well, somebody calls them on the phone 10 days later and one
out of 10 by five.

That's so great. That's part of lifetime customer value. And that's something we'll look at at the next stage of scaling. But when we first start, it's all about that day one spending. Then when we see we're playing that game and we start to learn what a customer's worth,
we might find, Hey, on day one, they're only worth $37.

But by day, you know, 120, they're actually worth $300 or $400. Then you might realize, you know what? I'm willing to pay more than 37 because I've seen the numbers play out. And then you can have a cash flow management scaling strategy to acquire those customers
more aggressively. And Sam, I can't tell you how many times I've seen it both being on the ship, steering part
of the ship and helping others where when you go from zero to a million dollars, very
few people have cash flow issues.

The margins are gigantic. It's, you know, after you get your first funnel off, I just spoke to a gentleman yesterday
who just teaches, you know, worship leaders how to play piano and guitar, E5 student. And he's like, man, I couldn't do anything. I couldn't get anything working. I had my first $600 a day, my $1,000 a day.

We're going to do a $25,000 a month. I'm going to try to do $250,000 this year. I'm going to add another funnel and do a half a million dollars. That's the sweet spot, right? When you get that first funnel working on that first E5, you know, campaign going, you
can scale really quick.

But what happens is over a million dollars, your margins start to change because you start
hiring different roles. You start taking on different expenses. And so if you think, well, you know what? It's just all gravy. It'll all work out.

You will run into a cash crisis. And that's why you have to be very intelligent about scaling aggressively. Aggressive scaling does not mean reckless scaling. It means that we're aggressive compared to our competitors. And part of that, being able to do that intelligently is by knowing your numbers.

Sam, I know I got a little bit passionate a little bit faster. Was there anything, any questions you had or anything you want me to add that folks might
be wondering about? And certainly shoot them through the chat as well if you have them. No questions. Just an interesting thing.

This is one of those examples where having a payment plan, you know, could, you know,
could increase conversions, but it's one of those things that will actually decrease
card value. So just to be aware of these types of situations as well, you know. Yeah. We're going to talk about that in the next question. And Oma Zikam asked me as an A&M member, should we buy E5 Camp?

Should we enroll in E5 Camp? And the answer is absolutely. Absolutely. Inside of A&M, there are the marketing tracks. You can click on the marketing tracks and Todd will go through a lighter, not as deep level
of what to do and how to get that first campaign going using the E5 methodology.

And certainly if you're just starting, certainly if you're in a cash crunch or a time crunch,
I would do that first to get going. Or if you're just the kind of person that has a hard time following through and committing
to education, which is something we all need to be disciplined at, I would do that first. However, ultimately you absolutely want to need to be in the E5 Camp. You need to go through it. You need to get it.

It's what we tell everybody at every level, even at our highest level, top one, it always
goes back to E5 because it is the method that encapsulates everything that Todd's collected
and mastered over the last almost 15 years online of just building monster direct response
campaigns. And so you need to be there. It is different. It is unlike anything else. It is hard work, but that's why it generates results that nothing else out there can.

And honestly, I thought about this the other day, Sam. I was like, at some point we should just test a campaign that's just about E5. That's like, hey, listen, this is the method that has more results based proof than anything
on the market anywhere. And I'll tell you that right now, you will not find another marketing methodology that
has the amount of results based proof that you see out of E5. And so you need to be in there.

And those of you that already have it, hopefully it'll kind of light a fire under your butt to
really go out there and make sure you finish it. And Omazika E5 is also different than the apprentice. So again, a lot of the principles of what we teach the apprentice is a phenomenal program
are taught. So you will recognize some of the core principles, but the way the framework we spent over well
over a year, Todd spent developing a framework to put everything we teach into the most systematic
approach. That's what we hear from everybody.

Like I've heard some great ideas before, but nobody's actually put it into a system that
gets you the results and help to build a campaign. And that's really the difference with E5, what E5 offers. It's just not available anywhere else is the system, the systemization of that entire campaign
building, releasing, launching, expanding, and then enhancing process of building winning campaigns. And speaking of, you know, this question came up, you know, when optimizing my funnel, right,
we're talking about optimization in terms of cart value. You know, should I focus on conversion rate or upsell rate?

How do I know which will have the bigger impact? This is a great question. And so a lot of this is covered. I gave a little plug. Thank you very much.

I gave a little plug to campaign rescue last week. Again, you're in A&M. You get campaign rescue for free. Just go inside with your golden ticket. You're on a golden ticket every month.

You're active A&M member. Unlock it. Todd will walk through this. But I want to talk a little bit about this. And that is that your upsell take rate almost always is going to be a bigger level, a lever
for you to pull in a campaign in terms of increasing cart value.

So because imagine this, how much you can increase the overall EPB earnings per visitor when
you take a $300 upsell that is converting at 5% and increase it to a 7.5% rate. Now, first of all, I want you to look at that. While that is a 50% increase, it's not the hardest thing in the world to take an upsell
take rate from 5% to 7.5% or 7.5% to 10%. That's not the hardest thing in the world. It's very hard to do with conversion rate.

But with upsell take rate, it's not a very hard thing to do. But when you have an upsell that's, for example, a $300 upsell, if you're at 5%, so this is
how you look how much each part of your funnel is adding to cart value. Just multiply the conversion rate by the value. So here, 5% times $300. That means that that upsell is contributing $15 per buyer.

Well, if it goes up to 7.5%, it actually is contributing an additional $22.50 per buyer. And now imagine if on the front end you were selling a $7 or $10 book. You sell $7 books in the front. That additional $7.50 increases your cart value from your initial purchase price 75% to an additional 100% just like that. And that's why you need to really understand, again, study, go through campaign rescue.

I know Sam, you started working through camp. What would you say about campaign rescue to everybody here if they haven't gone through that methodology? Again, you get it with A&M, you get a golden ticket for it. What would you tell everybody? Yeah, so if you want to eliminate the guesswork on what you should be working on when you see the numbers and know exactly what to do next, that's what campaign rescue tells you.

Yeah, it really is. I'm glad you just put that so well, the guesswork, right? It's about taking the guesswork out of it. Because a lot of times, right, you've got a campaign and it's kind of flittering around half alive. And, you know, that's the thing, right?

You know, what do I change? What do I work on to really get this thing crushing like crazy? So we have reached the end of the trail, everybody. I'm not going anywhere. I'm certainly going to answer any questions opening up the floor here for any questions that come in.

We covered a lot today talking about really went into a bit of a deep dive in terms of DSL and DSL compliance. We talked about some different issues with metrics. We talked about really understanding how to identify new audiences. So covered a lot of good ground. I really appreciate the questions that came in and make sure to always send them in.

Always happy to dive in. Look at campaigns. Look at your ads. Look at your bidding. Look at your metrics and look at that together.

I saw Michael. Yep, Michael, I got the question you sent in. I want to make sure that gets handled on the conversion call because that's a conversion question that you sent in. So I'll have Glenda reach out to you to make sure that that gets in for the conversion call. And Todd is able to respond to that for you.

Any other questions that came in? Other questions coming in? You're welcome. Absolute pleasure, Michael. All right, Sam.

Well, thank you so much for being here and coming alongside of me to add some color and
flair to the day. Thank you. And everybody out there, go out there again. Remember, you're not in this alone. I know sometimes running traffic, running new campaigns can be scary, can be stressful,
and sometimes you feel like I'm the only one in the world that has a campaign that's
not performing or an ad that's not performing the way you want.

You're not. It's part of the process. It's what makes champions is the ability to get in there, see what's working, what's
not working, iterate, change, and just move the needle. Continue to move the needle. And we're here with you as a Fire and Monetize member as part of the tribe here to continue to
come alongside you and push you past that.

Because I'm telling you, there are bigger things out there. There are more clients, more lives to change, more customers to generate, and more income
to generate for yourselves and more of a lifestyle to build for yourself as you master this part
of the process. Honestly, it's the most conversion to traffic. There's nothing more important. There's nothing out of a bigger change.

So appreciate you all being here. The recording will be posted up in about 24 hours. You have another live call next Thursday. And make sure to go through and really spend the time inside of A&M and all the resources
and assets you get there. So we're going the distance for you.

Appreciate you going the distance. And I'll see you all soon. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. See ya.

See ya. See ya. See ya. See ya. See ya.

See ya. See ya. See ya. See ya. See ya.
