---
title: "April 18, 2019"
date: 2019-04-19
duration: 57m
duration_seconds: 3453
vimeo_id: 331370978
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# April 18, 2019

**Date:** 2019-04-19 | **Duration:** 57m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Hey everybody, welcome to Todd Brown's Acquire and Monetize, you're on the live traffic
call with your host, Damian Lanfranchi, Todd Brown's Business Partner, COO, and Media
Buyer, I don't know, I can't call myself, someone else can introduce you and say extraordinaire,
so I would just say media buying guy who does it all and has done it all for a very long
time, and I'm here to help you answer your questions, give you direction, and tell you
what I would do if I was running your campaign, so first of all, a little housekeeping, if
you could just go through the chat and let me know, you can hear me loud and clear, that
would be fantastic, I got a yes, yes, okay, awesome, loud and clear, and I'm now going
to start a screen share, and you can tell me that you see my screen in just a second, everybody
just confirm, you see my screen, hey Thomas, thank you Michael, all right, so for those
of you that might be about, I don't know, 60 seconds late, that's A-OK, we're about to get
started, again, you're at Todd Brown's Acquire and Monetize Academy, one of the massive, many
massive benefits of being a part of Acquire and Monetize is every single week you have a
chance to get on a live call with either myself to look at traffic or Todd Brown to look at
conversion, so just seven days from now, for all of you here, I say it, and I say it over
and over again because it is an absolute fountain and gold mine to drink from, but every single
week, you have a, every other week alternating, you have a conversion call with Todd, so you're
sitting there and you're saying, man, I can't, I don't know if my idea's right, I don't know
if my lead's good, my argument works, my CBD chunks, my offer, my hook, whatever it is,
my prospect analysis, you could bring it all to those conversion calls, again, this is
something, just to make it clear, this is something we used to do, actually, a couple
years back as part of our, like, two, three thousand dollars, when we would launch our higher
end classes, we would offer this kind of service, and then for a while, we actually had one of
our mentees running those groups, not even Todd, and, but Inquire or Monetize, inside the
Academy, you have access directly to Todd Brown, the man himself, the same guy that gets paid,
a handsome five figures, just for a single day, from Agora Financial, a half a, almost
half a billion dollar company, for his advice, his insights, and you get the same thing, so
if you're not taking advantage of it, my gosh, you're missing out, well, let's jump in, we
have some great questions today, and also, I promise, we had something special, we have
Mr. Sam on, who's been joining us, who's just been a wonderful, wonderful addition to
our marketing team here, and last week, I mentioned that Sam was going to share some
stuff with you, so we're going to get to kind of get some nuggets from him, and hear
some things that he's been learning, and he's been doing inside of MFA, how are you, Sam? Doing good today, it's a great day, how about you? Awesome, and you're calling in from Mexico, is that right? Mexico City, yep.

Beautiful, all right, well, Sam's going to be here, be my caller commentator, add some
valuable nuggets along the way, and then I'm going to toss him the ball in a little bit
and share something pretty cool we did that has nearly doubled conversion for us on an
offer that was already doing really well, and so I think all of you here will want to
see this and benefit from it, so let's hop in, so first of all, I've got a question coming
in, would you mind having a look at my campaign and give me some insights about what you would
do or test first, Jean-Michel Chau, answer, no, I would not mind Jean-Michel Chau, that's
why we're here, so it would be an absolute pleasure, so let me hop up there, and I am
going to unmute Jean-Michel, and everybody here, you'll be able to watch and see the
process that we go to, and that I go through when I look at a campaign to decide what to
do, what to change and tweak next, how are you Jean-Michel? Hey, I'm great, Damien, hi Sam, as well. I'm doing awesome, and yeah, you know Sam, right? Yep, yep. All right, Jean-Michel, do you want to share your screen or you want to send me some links,
either one is fine?

Yeah, can you share my screen, yeah, yeah. Okay, so we're going to make Jean-Michel the presenter for just a little bit, he gets out
of control, we will take control back very quickly. Yep. Can you see my screen? All right, I can see your screen, Jean-Michel, and so for everybody here, Jean-Michel is just
a phenomenal tribe member inside of MFA, he's an MFA tribe member, A&M Academy member, and
Jean-Michel's gone through our E5 program, the Agora trainings, been in our summits, and you
run paid agency traffic for a bunch of different clients, right, in all different spaces and
niches, correct?

Yeah, all right. And is it just yourself, or you have a team now, Jean-Michel? I have a few people who help me, yeah. That's awesome, fantastic. So we got euros, so we got some euros going on here, so tell me, why don't you kind of
share with everybody what the challenge or issue you're facing, and then let's tackle
it together.

Yeah, so it's a campaign that I run for myself, and it's for my strategy call, and been struggling
with the, I would say, creative, and maybe with the audience as well. So I launched a conversion campaign, and just got, you know, a few leads, and the CPM was
quite high, like, sometimes even, like, $100. So I actually tested, like, on Monday, like, a messenger ad, and I'm getting some leads
now, like, for cheaper. And yesterday, I actually tested, like, a new creative that, yeah, seems to work better. But so far, it wasn't doing so well, and mainly because, as well, the CPM was quite high, and
I wasn't getting a lot of impressions.

So just wanted to know what you would do, and as well, if it's normal that I have, you
know, such a high CPM. Good. So you asked some really good questions, Jean-Michel. So I'm sure I'm not the only person on this call. I think everybody will pretty much agree that Facebook costs are going up through the
roof, right?

They've just been going up, up, up, up, up, up, up, whether it's, you know, it doesn't
really matter why it's happening, whether you say it's the algorithm, whether the inventory
is low, whether Facebook is just clamping down on direct response marketers or some combination,
the why doesn't matter. All that matters is the reality is that the costs are going up. And this is why, for everybody here, this is why this is so important to make sure, you
know, Todd talks about this all the time, and you need to hear it, is he says all the
time, right? Jean-Michel, like we can't, he goes, if you're going into the acquisition side of things,
traffic and scaling and always thinking about how can I pay as little as possible? How can I be as cheap as possible?

It's a very short game that is very hard to play and doesn't have any sustainability. Because if you're trying to figure out, well, all I can afford is 50 cent clicks, or how
do I find 25 cent or 10 cent clicks, but the trend is that traffic costs keep going up, then
you're basically painting yourself into a corner. Instead, what's the key? What do we want to do? I know, Jean-Michel, do you know the answer?

How do we always want to focus with our offers and our scaling? What's the mindset? Yeah, the ROI. Yeah, ROI, but how do we get, instead of trying to drive costs down on the clicks, what do
we want to try to drive up, Sam? The click rate.

Not the click rate, Sam. I'll give Sam a turn, Sam. We want to drive up an Avid Order value so we can actually, you know, acquire a customer
and spend more for that customer. Right, right. You know, from a traffic side, Jean-Michel, what you answered is how most people would answer
from a traffic side.

However, because we understand traffic and conversion, you know, we understand this inside
of A&M, like we don't want to just think about driving down ad costs because sometimes
we can't and the trend is that they're going up. Instead, as we get better and better at learning how to increase average order value, that is
what gives us scale. That is what gives us sustainability because if I can turn a $7 order into $20, $30, $40,
$50, $100, $120, then as ad costs go up 20%, 30%, I'm okay because I've built my business,
I've built my strategy, I've built my muscles around knowing how to always increase cart
value. Does that make sense? Yeah.

Yeah, totally. And so that's just really important. And so first of all, I would tell you that while those CPMs are high in our space, which
is similar to what you're looking at, kind of business building is what I would call it. You know, we will see $40, $50 CPMs. I have one thing I'm going to reveal to you a little bit later, which is super cool, which
has got our acquisition costs down like 80%, 90%.

It doesn't have huge scale, or at least not yet, but certainly is worth testing. But before I share that, a couple of things that I would look at is, first of all, I would
tell you that the rising ad cost is not abnormal. However, this is pretty darn high. What's the relevant score on these ads? Just wondering.

So it was pretty low, so let's get a bunch. I'm going to do nine. It was sometimes seven, sometimes six. It's not terrible. I mean, honestly, you know, and again, for everybody here, relevant score is a tool that
Facebook uses to indicate how relevant an ad is to their audience because it's important
that the people on the platform have good experiences.

I'll tell you, I've successfully run and scaled campaigns with ads that had a one or two relevant
score. So it's not a be-all, end-all, but it is sort of, it's kind of like, you know, when you
go to the doctor, right? You know, like, you know, checking the little tonsils on the side of your throat. It's not always going to tell you anything, but sometimes it's good to look there. It might give you a clue as to what's happening.

And so in this case, you know, you don't have some horrible relevant score. It's decent. And what I would probably say is two things. So if I was running this traffic for you, Jean-Michel, I would do a couple of things. The first thing I would do, and you know how to use this tool, is I would go in to the,
so first of all, I would try not to run so many different ads and so many different audiences,
like, because you're scattering the data, right?

You're not spending, you know, you spend a little bit of money, but you've only spent
like $450, and so like, one ad, two ads the most to maybe two audiences. So let's just scale that back quite a bit. And then what I would do is you might want to use the tool like the breakdown. So if you click on the breakdown right there and, you know, start to dig in. So everybody here, what Facebook offers is you can dig into and see where your click's
coming from, where's the low click cost coming from, what devices, what platforms, and kind
of back into those numbers.

Now, let me give you a warning. This sounds like magic, right? Like, cool, spend $1,000, get a bunch of data, and I see that, you know, women from
Asia who are on an Android phone get me the lowest clicks with the best ROI, but then
you build a whole campaign, and you basically put those parameters in, and the Facebook
algorithm goes, who are you to tell me what to do? And they just kind of chop you off at the knees, and your costs are completely different
than all the data. You've seen this happen, Jean-Michel, right?

Yeah. Yeah, and so that does happen. However, one of the things I would do, and so there's a couple strategies for everybody
here when you see these ad costs high, one of the things I would do is I would use this
tool, however, I would not get myopic. So if you start getting down, so I'm only going to advertise to men between 20 and 32
who live in Canada on the iPhone during Mondays at 3 o'clock, you're just going to, the algorithm
is going to get so annoyed with you. However, the big sweeping stuff like man versus woman, major countries or regions, mobile versus
desktop, those are places where if you see a really big trend, I've generally found like
the algorithm is not going to be, I'm saying annoyed as if, I mean, I guess they call it
AI, so maybe it has feelings.

But generally speaking, if you use those broader strokes, you have less of a likelihood of
completely throwing off the algorithm to the point where even if the data look good when
you drill down, you'll be unable to replicate it. So that's the first thing I would do, Jean-Michel. The second thing I would do is I would ask, do you have any warm audiences? Not really, no, the page is, now I'm starting to build a bit the page because it's quite
like a ghost town right now, but I'm starting to build a page as well. Okay.

So the next thing I would say, and this goes for everybody here, and this is a paradox,
right? Because if you're an E5 student, which all of you should be, and I know most of you already
are, you know that we always talk about and Todd always talks about that the key to a scalable
front end is it appeals to the broadest part of the market, right? The broadest, you know, ideally the unaware spectrum. If we can tap into that, that's where we're going to see scale. We're going to sort of step outside the bloody ocean and be able to acquire customers where
other folks aren't.

However, from the traffic side, when it comes to testing viability, we always want to start
in the sweet spot because otherwise we could burn money and time really, really fast. And so we always want to start. That's why I always say, you know, when you build a new front end, like,
put it out to your warm audiences first, because if it doesn't work on the warm audiences who've
shown some interest, who are going to deliver lower ad costs, higher click rates, better
relevance, and all that stuff, then guess what? It's not going to be strong enough to go to cold traffic yet. And so that's the next recommendation is, the second recommendation is obviously start
with the warmest possible audience.

And when, what do you do when you don't have a warm audience, either because you're brand new
or you're starting in a new market, then the answer is a combination of two things. One, still start with that sweet spot. So over here, let me see those audiences you're advertising to. So I started lookalike audiences as well. Lookalike of who?

People who look like who? Oh, yeah. People who actually schedule like a call with me over the last year. How many people were in that list? Around 200 people.

Okay. So that's a good idea. So you certainly could run a lookalike list like that. It looks like the CPM is through the roof on that. Not sure exactly why.

Yeah. I would do a couple things. It's really, you really have to feed the algorithm a lot of data. 200 is pretty solid. Um, but again, that's assuming they actually can match everybody and that's over a year.

So it's only been like 200 fresh. Um, so if that's not working again, I would take a step back and really ask yourself again,
if you could describe, and this is where, uh, I kind of talked about this last two weeks
ago and you can get the recording. We talked about how to identify sort of your, your prospect. Um, there's a bunch of worksheets I shared and you could also get them in E5, but you want
to go through and really ask yourself, right? If I could describe my perfect person, right?

For us, I would say, man, if somebody is an Infusionsoft user or ClickFunnels user and
they're generating, you know, over, you know, $5,000 a month, they are our ideal target. It doesn't matter what offers they've seen. I know we can help them. I know they're supposed to be in our world. Uh, if somebody has no idea what ClickFunnels Infusionsoft is, they don't use paid Facebook
traffic and they don't even have a business, like they need to be over with Brendan Bouchard
or something and get some vision.

They don't need to be with us right now. Um, and so you need to think about Jean-Michel again, who is the absolute ideal and what are
you offering again? I know we kind of worked on the offer a while ago, but you're offering the opportunity to
scale their traffic, right? Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. And so I would look for people, right? I would figure out like, who are the educators, the platforms, the tools that people that are
using paid traffic are using, right? Yep.

Um, so that's the first thing, right? So really advertise, you know, if you could advertise to people that are, you know, part
of ad skills or, you know, and I don't know, they're probably not big enough to even target,
but if there are people that follow Molly Pittman or there are people that say that Facebook
advertising is an interest, maybe you use a lookalike audience, but then you layer on,
uh, for everybody here, that's a little bit newer. That means you add a second requirement. So you create this really big pool and then you say, I want this and that, right? Everybody who has blue hair and hit, you know, was born before 1980.

Um, and so you could add two sets of criteria in there. So I might try people that, you know, are interested in Facebook advertising or paid media,
something like that, as well as your lookalike audience. The other thing I would do, um, and again, we need to really consolidate here, uh, Jean-Michel. So we don't want to run like 50 ads and 50 audiences because we're going to scatter the
data that goes for everybody here, right? There's a tendency to go, well, let me just let Facebook and put, you scatter it out so
much, like stay, stay more concentrated and focused at the beginning is I would try to
warm up a little bit.

Um, we're, we're starting to play around with this a little bit. Um, it's not a panacea as I've heard some folks claim, but it is worth looking at and
figuring out, Hey, if you don't have any warm audience at all, it may be worth doing a page
post engagement, writing a great post, write a couple posts, see which one gets your, your
engagement low is like a cent, two cents, and then try to warm up, you know, 2000 people,
you know, and it'll cost you, you know, if you do it right, right. Maybe it costs you 50 to a hundred bucks to warm up to 3000 people and then try to go back
to them and, and really get a sense for how that affects your CPM. And more specifically, because we don't really care about CPM at the end of the day, what
we care about is how much it costs, uh, affects your cost of getting an app. So that makes sense.

Yeah, totally. Uh, and certainly messenger is, is brilliant for this, especially because listen, I think
messenger, messenger is great for, for just about everything. We just started doing some new things with messenger and kind of what you hear, you know,
there's sometimes the hype's not true and sometimes the hype's true. Uh, and the hype, at least as far as engagement and click the rate with messenger is true. You know, we're sending messenger ads to our, to our, through our bot.

We're seeing about a 70% open rate, uh, and the click through rates insane. And so I think the overall click through rate is as close as like 20, 25%. We're on a regular email. Your overall click through rate might be as low as, you know, 3%, 4%. So we're definitely seeing that, you know, five to 10 X response rate, uh, with messenger
ads.

And especially for something like this, Jean-Michel, where it is a little bit more of a relationship
selling of, Hey, I'm Jean-Michel, let's hop on a call. I believe I can make your ad costs free and get you this rebate and do this and that. Um, I, I think it'd be really smart to, to start spending some time and some dollars there. And I have a question about messenger ads right now. Um, I have like a bot and people can schedule at the time.

And would you recommend to rather, I would say, um, direct people to the VSL or it's, you
know, I don't even need to use a VSL and I can just, you know, send them the booking link. Ideally, what I would really do is I would record. I mean, you're a friendly guy, you're, you're, you're, you're smiley, you're trustworthy. I would try to record some, if you can, just some videos, if you could record just some
casual videos in your office or a workspace, and I would send them video messages and I
would try to deliver some of that VSL content in a video message and just say, you know, Hey,
I just made a quick video for you. Hey, Jean-Michel here.

So as I mentioned, uh, nice to meet you. I'm waving at you. Okay. So here's the deal. So a lot of people have been talking about Facebook ads and the cost rising, you know,
there's this little backdoor thing that allows you to get a rebate and actually get your money
back.

Um, it's pretty neat. I've done it for a handful of clients. It's really transformation. It's not for everybody. You have to qualify by doing this, this, this, this, this, uh, but it's really powerful.

I can show you what Dave did. Frank did build it. Jane did blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Sound good. You know, and then just kind of, you know, I would create, see if you could deliver it.

That's how I would do it. You know, anytime you can do that, we're actually about to run a really, uh, cool test. Actually, Sam's in charge of, of putting together the final touches on a, on a front end funnel,
but we're going to start experimenting with actually delivering, uh, VSLs inside of Facebook. And so basically rather than just saying, I got to get the click and then have them opt
in and go to the VSL is just deliver the VSL optimized for video view. And then basically based on consumption of that video, we can then, uh, retarget, uh,
and we'll go back to a long form sales letter instead of VSL.

If you've seen, they've watched 50% of the VSL. Um, and I've heard some, some really good, uh, I've seen some great proof and some great
case studies behind that. Nice. Yeah. Does that make sense, Jean-Michel?

Yeah. Yeah. Totally. And thanks so much. Yeah.

Oh, absolute pleasure, buddy. All right. I'm going to hop back in and take controls back over. All right. And Sam, of course, if questions come in, feel free to hop in or if there's something you have
that you think that everybody in the group wants to know, let me know.

All right. Next question. How much do you advise we spend when testing a new ad campaign? This question comes up a lot, uh, and it's good that it comes up a lot because it's an
important question and a slightly controversial one. So let me tell you what I do in the trenches.

Again, I've scaled, geez, more offers, uh, dozens and dozens of offers to the tune of millions
of dollars in ad spend. Uh, and let me explain what I look at. So first of all, I typically look at, and just let me get through the whole thing before
you have some questions, as I'm sure a couple of you will. I typically look at three times your allowable cost of acquisition. Okay.

Allowable cost of acquisition for a lot of you, that might just be breakeven. I'm sending someone a $200 product. I want to be able to acquire a customer for $200. For some of you, you might be saying, Hey, I'm selling a $10 book, but I'm willing to
spend $50 a buyer. Okay.

So let's say, for example, you're selling a $200 product. I, I advise that you invest $600 to determine, uh, that should, there's no D there needed. If you're seeing the buyers, if you spend $600, no buyers, I would reevaluate and determine
whether the issue is the creative, the audience or the offer. And so again, three X is the typical rule that I look at, uh, just in terms of significant,
a significant amount of that. And also this goes back to the advice that I just gave Jean-Michel.

That's why I always say like, don't start with 30 audiences and 40 ads because it's
really hard and you're going to kind of, you're going to end up with anomalies and
go, well, the CPM is great here, but it's horrible here. But my lead cost is terrible here, but it's good here. You know, so try to keep it a little more consolidated. I know it's tempting because we always, you know, as marketers, we love testing stuff,
but keep it a little more consolidated three times. Now there's a couple exceptions.

So first of all, I always advise you invest at least a hundred bucks on an offer when this
rule does not apply. For example, if we're testing a $7 offer, uh, you should test a hundred bucks, not $21. $21 isn't going to tell you anything. You're just not going to get enough data. Um, and so I typically, if it's really on the low end, like a really low tier offer,
um, which is fine, right?

We've run low tier offers. They work. They're great. Um, they actually, uh, allow you to, uh, acquire customers at a higher acceleration rate
because you're getting more customers per dollar spent than if you're selling, uh, you
know, 500 or $2,000 product. Um, that said again, you know, you need to spend a hundred bucks, uh, a minimum.

And again, this is also a guideline, right? If you spend, if I spend a hundred bucks to get one, one person by $7 books and I don't
get one buyer, I'm pausing, right? I'm pausing my ads and I'm looking at my data. Is it because I'm paying too much per click? Is it because the ads, you know, the opt-in pages and converting, is it the audience?

I'm kind of going through that process. And again, uh, you know, I'm looking at the creative, which is going to tell me like, am
I just, is the creative just not resonating? Uh, and is it just the click cost is way too high? Is it the audience? Am I getting the clicks?

Uh, but they're either not buyers or they're just not the right audience I'm going through. And again, this is the benefit of the more you're in the game, the more offers you have,
the more ads you run, the more, you know, these answers without paying, because you already
bought the data. I already know like, Hey, listen, this offer is not going to convert to, you know, Amy
Porterfield's audience. You know, they click like crazy, but they're used to free content. There's just very few buyers there.

Um, for example, or the offer, meaning that if you see people get through the whole thing,
they consume the whole BSL, they opt in, they go through the four part video series or
whatever it is that you're offering, but nobody's buying. Then the issue is you have an offer issue. Okay. Um, the other exception to this rule is for high ticket offers. So for example, if you're spending a grand, um, you could drop the, the threshold to roughly
about two times, uh, as the overall spending clicks will be sufficient to give you reliable
data.

So remember, we're always thinking about clicks and conversion rates. So you want, you know, you want your high ticket cold traffic offer converting around one
to 3%. So even at the low end, 1%, that means, you know, if you have a $2 CPC, $2,000 buys you a thousand
clicks, right? If you don't see a single buyer on a thousand clicks, right? Even if a thousand clicks say, get you, you know, can we shoot for that 25 to 35% often
rate that gets you roughly 300 options.

Um, if you, you know, you get 300 options into an offer and not a single person buys. Um, you don't need to keep spending more money on ads, right? You need to stop. You need to look at what happened. You have to assess and you have to iterate.

And again, let me just give everybody just either give you a little therapy or save your
little therapy, depending on how you look at it. This is part of marketing. If you think whether this is your first time, second offer, or if it's your 50th offer,
you already know this. Not every offer wins out of the gate. There are a lot of reasons.

The audience might not be right. The message may not be right. The offer may not be right. There are different reasons. And we work through this, right?

That's what we teach about. That's what we talk about. That's what Todd teaches about. Uh, you just need to understand this because if you don't go into it with that mindset,
you're just going to constantly feel like, oh, I'm gambling. No, you're not gambling.

You're buying data, right? We're buying, we're doing paid testing, right? It's not just a, well, how do I know? I'm just going to put an offer away and, you know, $300 is a lot of money to me. What happens by, you know, you're not gambling, right?

We're not blindly throwing, you know, when you blindly blindfold yourself and you throw
a dart at a board to win some money, right? Whether you win or lose, you don't learn anything, right? Unless you learn not to play the game, right? But when we do this, we do this right. We do this as smart, right?

We're all A&M members, smart marketers, savvy marketers. We're going to buy data and we're going to know something. We're either going to know, hey, the creative, more about the creative, more about the audience,
more about the restriction, right? And we've had offers that convert great, but then we realize the cart value is not high
enough. And so we bought data to learn that we need to increase our AOV.

And so then we focus on that part, right? Next question. Oh, there's Jean-Michel, you're going to love this. And everybody here, this is a great one. So have you noticed any trends on reducing ad costs in Facebook?

In fact, I did spot something this last week, which is really, really super cool. And so do you want to see it? So I want to show you something here. Take a look at this. You ready?

So this is our 5X books. This is a little sample of some data we ran on our 5X book, which is one of the front end
books we've run. And as you notice, the cost for this book, originally we were doing some testing. So you notice these only had one sale and we shut them off because the audience, again,
I spend 100, 200 bucks. I don't need to spend $1,000 on a $7 book.

We started to see the cost come down a little bit, but they were still pretty high in terms
of costs. This one I probably shouldn't have shut a long time ago, but I was playing around with ads
and that's why we spent, we had 26 units at $123 a unit. But then, you know, again, these costs were just intolerably high and shut them. And then looky, looky here and look at that. Look at these right here.

And so what we started doing is recently we crossed the 10,000 person fan mark inside of
Instagram. And so as you hit different marks inside of Instagram, you get different benefits in terms
of advertising options and in terms of the way your account, that profiles look at more
favorably. And so I decided to just run our campaign to our Instagram followers, not on Instagram,
meaning not only on Instagram, but wherever. And so the campaign is, you know, following all our Instagram followers on mobile desktop,
just like it would run any campaign. But for whatever reason, my guess is because Facebook has publicly said that they're really
trying to favor and push Instagram more and more.

They love when we run ads to our Instagram followers. Again, we'll see how much scalability there is and how much this lasts. I just doubled and tripled some budgets, but it was really, really exciting to see these
costs drop down. I mean, geez, as low as eight bucks a customer, a book buyer, which is absolutely insane. We've never, I've never seen that on a campaign that we've run.

And I don't think that's an indication because I wrote the best ad because all my ads are pretty
good. But I think it has to do with this. And so hopefully everybody here, you have an Instagram account, you're building it. It's very, very easy. It's out of Facebook.

When you go to your, the ad portion of the setup, you can just click and choose to attach
your Instagram account. And that way your ads are served on Instagram. And while you're serving ads on Instagram, people will randomly start liking your page
as well. In addition to obviously a content strategy. And then you build this audience.

And so now, you know, if we see that there's real scale here, just to tell you how our
minds work, we'll step back and we'll say, wow, my goodness, these Instagram followers
really are, have a good value. We'll start considering what are the different ways we can actually boost our Instagram followers
on not just organically, but paid because it might be worth, right? If we can get Instagram followers for a buck a piece, it might be worth spending 10, $15,000
and adding 10, 15,000 fresh fans. If we see these kinds of acquisition costs, again, 80, you know, eight bucks versus, you
know, as high as 300 off the chart, but as high as, you know, 60, 70 bucks, it might be
worth that investment. So definitely go out there and test that everybody out there.

But one more question here. And then I'm going to have Sam come in and share something really cool about something
we just did to, to almost double conversion on an already winning offer, which I think you'll
all want to see. So what gets better results, image ads or video ads? We kind of started to allude to this. Actually, we didn't talk about this thing.

I don't know why I'm trying to tie something together that wasn't actually together. So do you have an opinion on this? Do you have a guess at what the answer is going to be, Sam? I feel like I'm putting on the spot. I always feel like I'm baiting you with my questions and it's kind of true.

I am kind of baiting you. I should, you know, it's because you're smart. I don't want to just give you like the layup questions. Yeah, no. So I would say with this question, I mean, you can't answer a yes or no just with this.

You would need context. But if I were to try to, I would say video ad, especially if there's like a good personality,
some good charisma behind the camera. Okay. Let me ask you, now this isn't a layup question, but it's a little bit more of a reason. I ask you a lot of questions that are unfair, Sam.

But what is the big advantage of a video ad over an image ad? The video ad is you can start to kind of build a list of people depending on how much of the video they watch. So you can see where they are. There you go. Bravo.

Gold star, Sam. So look, so over three years, half a million in ad spends. This, this, this needs to be a little updated, this little reply here. So that's half a million probably this year already. The results I've seen at Facebook, there's no superior winner between image and video ads.

Sam's 100% right. Obviously, if you're super photogenic, great on camera, video ads are going to have an advantage. However, what Sam said is, is the key. While video ads don't necessarily always beat image ads, they do have a unique advantage when it comes to retargeting, right? So in image ad, we can only retarget clicks.

And as you saw from, from what Jean-Michel shared earlier in his account, you know, clicks sometimes could be two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, $10. Click rates could be as low as 1%. And when you retarget, you can only retarget the clicks. So if you spend a thousand bucks, you might only be able to retarget like 250 people. However, on a video ad, you not only could retarget all the clicks, but you could also retarget all the video views or partial video views, which is way, way, way, way, way less expensive.

You literally can accelerate the growth of your retargeting audience by probably about four to eight times because the cost is so much different. So if you include everybody who watched at least say 25% of your video, and as you saw to Sam, you saw with, sorry, Jean-Michel earlier, you know, CPMs are always going to be highest for ice cold audiences. And so just advertising to an ad that has some retargeting is going to be a, put you in a better position. And something you could experiment with, I just did a little experiment with it, it's worth testing for sure, is if you're saying, well, I don't want to go on camera or I'm not sure how this even applies, just take a winning image ad and make a video out of it, right? And the video could just be like the image and you add some like PowerPoint effects where a couple words appear and then some stuff gets underlined and, and another part of it shimmers with an arrow.

Like, again, not just because it, not thinking about, well, was a shimmering image going to pull better, but it's the point that you're getting to serve a video, in which case it's going to open up and radically expand your retargeting options. Does that make sense to everybody? Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, all right. And again, so you build your highest ROI audience retargeting faster and less expensive. Your greatest ROI on traffic, on media spend is always going to be to warm audiences, is always going to be retargeting.

And so that's the real advantage of video ads and it is a beautiful, beautiful thing. Now, here's the question. How do you take an existing front end $7 book funnel that is converting at near at 6% and is winning and nearly double the conversion? Well, this is, uh, sound interesting to you. I hope it does.

If it doesn't, what are you doing here? My goodness. Um, so I want to give, uh, I'm going to turn this over to Sam. As I mentioned, uh, Sam has, uh, joined us, uh, only at the start of the year as my first ever marketing shadow. Did such a phenomenal job that even though we plan to have him as a shadow for four months, two months into it, uh, decided to, uh, give Sam the opportunity to come into a full-time marketing role with us.

We're thrilled to have him, uh, so much so that, uh, he has inspired us to now we're about to onboard our next marketing shadow, which is really, really exciting. Um, and so now Sam, uh, you've worked on this. Uh, this was an idea. Uh, I don't remember whether it came from Todd, from me, from you or some combination, uh, as often great ideas do come from multiple people. Uh, but I want you to walk everybody through kind of what we're seeing, what we did so that they could see with their own offers right now, um, the mindset and what they can do.

So I'm going to throw the ball to you. So you should now have the ball, Sam. Okay. Is, uh, can you see my screen? I can see it.

Yep. Cool. So I'll just take the, I'll take the spotlight for a bit. So, uh, thanks for sending that over my way. Um, I can give a little backstory and how this started and then dive into why we're doing this, how it applies to what you guys are up to.

Uh, when they brought me on full-time and even before that, you know, the biggest question I ask is like, how can you move the needle? Right. And so at the same time, uh, Todd and Damien had been analyzing other front-end offers on Facebook and they found some commonalities between, you know, like what makes a really good front-end offer. And there's five things. I want to share those with you.

Um, first of all, they're not just selling the main thing. It always comes with some extra bonuses, usually upwards a few hundred dollars worth. And a lot of times the bonuses are actually more exciting than the actual thing they're selling. Um, two was they don't position it as marketing training. They position it more as do this to get, you know, this result, uh, without having to be a marketer.

Um, number three is they position it almost as anti-marketing, you know, instead of saying become the best marketer. It's more like stop marketing altogether and do this instead. And the reason why I think those work so well is because there's a lot of people in our space trying to build and wanting to build online businesses, but they don't necessarily look at themselves as marketers. Right. So it's kind of casting a wider net that's still strong per se.

Yeah. And I want to, I want to, uh, emphasize kind of the first bullet that Sam put up here is everybody can recognize sort of, um, the, the brilliance and the impact of what Sam just shared. It's not just selling the main thing. And, you know, this all goes back to sort of that, you know, we talk about it, uh, we teach it as the sin offer about that truly irresistible offer where it's not just the main thing. It's like, there's so much that comes with the main thing that any one of those other things can really go over the top.

And that's kind of really, that's where it started for us, Sam, is we were like, Hey, this is a great book. It has phenomenal value. It's, you know, it's really attracted to the market. It meets a need. And we started running it and it's done well.

And then, uh, we kind of just stepped back and really just said, well, wait a second. Is this really as irresistible as it can be? You know, great. It's got a triple, triple money back guarantee, which is super attractive. Um, but what more could we do?

And that's kind of what sent us on this path. Yeah. So we had a great foundation and we just built on top of that. So I'm going to dive into that a little bit more too. Um, the last thing that Damien told me is it's just a big contrast between the price we ask someone to pay and the proof that that thing can give someone.

You know, you'll see a lot of copy that says, you know, I spent 2 million on Facebook ads, you know, build businesses over half a million, uh, reach millions of people in three days. Um, and you get it all for this low price. Right. So that being said, one of the things that we follow, um, you know, and I started to think about is don't test things that whisper test things that shout. Um, and so that point Damien just made, uh, you know, how can we add more to this?

That's what we decided to kind of go all in on. Um, so here's a visual representation. Here is our old offer. Right. Um, and then after just a week ago, here's the new offer.

So, I mean, just from a visual perspective, it just looks more exciting. You can tell there's a lot more. Um, and I'll go into the specific details of what this offer is and why I think it's so attractive to a cold traffic, cold audiences. Um, so let's see, we launched it seven days ago. Like Damien said, overall funnel conversion rate is dramatically higher.

Um, and I've noticed it's, it's improving across multiple points. So even the upsell offers, it's still a little bit early, but it looks like those are strong, maybe even better now. Um, upsell one, downsell one, upsell two. So every offer. And Sam, why, why do you think that might happen?

So, I mean, yeah, I look at it very simply is that the front end offer is so strong. They get so excited for it. Um, they're kind of paying so little for it that that excitement, that momentum carries over into, you know, the next step. Would that be kind of close? Yeah.

Yeah. It's, it's part of that frenzy, right? Like, you know, right. If you buy something and you're kind of like, yeah, I don't know if I should have bought that. You're very unlikely to keep adding more things to your cart while you're checking out.

But if you just got something and you felt like, my goodness, I just robbed Fort Knox. Like, this is insane. Right. You're just, you're just that much more apt to just keep throwing things in your cart because you, because you have the rush. Right.

You know, it's kind of like, like I'll be like a little confession. I like to shop for like, I'm not like a, I'm definitely not a fashion, fashion guy at all, but there's a couple of brands I like. But when I go, I like to shop at like a Nordstrom rack. You have a Nordstrom rack by you, Sam? No.

I'm a, I'm a deal hunter. Listen, man. I'm a deal hunter. That's it. That's every, every season of life, man.

Um, I'm, I'm always a deal hunter and I'll go to Nordstrom rack and I'll have all like the,
you know, higher end brand name stuff. Um, that's a little pricey, but like, man, I'll find something I love. And it's like, dude, it was, you know, 90 bucks and it's like 10 bucks. And I'm like, dude, and I'll buy a bunch of stuff. I didn't plan on just cause I'm so, I like have this high from getting this sick deal that I'll just be like, man, I'm going to get a belt and some socks.

And I'll just start doing all sorts of stuff because I just felt like, man, I just won something so good. Um, and so I think that that's, uh, probably the, the big impact or the, the effect that we're seeing there. Yeah. When you have something so good on the front end, it kind of creates like a ripple effect for everything afterwards is what we're seeing. And, um, the cool places are average order value, you know, because of that, it's still in a good place.

And we actually removed the bump offer. So we don't have a bump offer right now. And I'll explain that in just a second. So I'm going to kind of, kind of breeze through these next points. There were five things that we did.

Um, one was, you know, specifically to the offer and then everything else was kind of how we presented that offer. So, you know, I asked myself what, you know, how can we make this 10 times more than the price we're asking for us? That's a $7 price tag. That's only 70 bucks. So I thought, why not make it a hundred times more valuable?

What we ended up with was $615 worth of real value, uh, value. And we did this because we wanted to make it believable. We don't want to do something that's like $2,000, $5,000, you know, $10,000. You see a lot out there. So this is believable.

And, you know, strangers, um, coming into our ecosystem, we want to, uh, start off on the right foot. So here's what we did. We had five bonuses and I just want to quickly breeze through these. This first one was a talk that, um, Todd did at MFA. And you see these points underlined, you know, go-to set of moves, a million dollars added in sales for almost any business.

Those points I mentioned at the beginning, you know, people like tactical, they like results driven, they like business building. So this kind of hits that trifecta. So I decided to add that in there. Two, this is what we did with the bump offer. We actually took it off the order form and made it a free bonus.

And the reason why is because it's very, you know, it's very complimentary to what the book is offering. Um, it's just helping them get the results faster, which as you can see from these underlined lines, you know, um, we decided to throw that in there because people love results faster. So we just wanted to hit that point for number three, we have our big idea, a hundred million dollars swipe. The reason why I threw this in is for this underlined sentence here, you know, never struggled to come up with a wildly profitable idea for your next funnel. Um, this kind of removes the guesswork.

It kind of implies that you don't have to start from scratch. You know, you can start from here. Number four was I kind of leveraged and pulled some existing content together. And it's, uh, it's, it's just very complimentary to the main promise. You know, it's the exact, you know, system blueprint to dominating any niche, which is kind of like what the big idea method can do for you.

Lastly, and probably cause I'm biased, I'm a copywriter. I decided to throw this in there. Um, you know, here it says counterintuitive a secret, you know, people kind of like this anti-marketing vibe, um, million dollar copy. It's the results. It was copywriters.

There's the proof, um, without hyped up or exaggerated claims. So, I mean, this is just saying you can have great copy without being a copywriter and it was just cool to design the cover. I just wanted to add a really cool visual element to that offer image I showed you earlier. So this all added up to $615 value. And this is what we built everything on top of for what, what's after this, you know, to, I just decided to take the strongest point of the offer and put it in the first fold.

So when visitors hit the page, they know exactly, you know, what is enticing about this offer and we can kind of tease them further down the page. Number three, we actually changed the lead. Um, like Damien said, we want to build value. We want to show proof with numbers. So we actually took, you know, just some really, really big proof numbers for what the big idea can do for you.

And we put that at the top to kind of start it off with a big bang, um, for, as we get to the bottom of the page here, as I'm about to reveal the price, I actually have eight anchor points, you know, eight pricing anchors before the price reveal. I kind of, you know, set this up for everybody what an anchor, what an anchor is, Sam. Um, yeah, so the anchor is instead of just coming out and saying, Hey, this is $7 and people are like, okay, that's $7. What we're doing is we're anchoring a much higher price point in their mind first, right? So we're anchoring, you know, we're showing what, what this can do for you, you know, 30 K customers, 5 million in sales, a hundred million over a year.

As you start to plant this in their brain, they think this is going to be way more than seven bucks, right? And so we have eight of these. And then at the very bottom, we say it's just $7 and this is what's going to create the excitement, that kind of frenzy. Um, like if they don't click that red button right there, then they have to be crazy in a way, you know? And then the last thing was how could we, I just wanted to offer a little bit better somehow.

And so on top of our triple money back guarantee, we decided to do a keep the bonuses guarantee. So even if they ask for a refund, we will let them keep the bonuses absolutely free, um, kind of like as our goodwill gift. So that's what we did. The comparison of the offers right here, you can see is the old offer, a book for seven bucks, triple money back guarantee. With a new offer, it's a book with five bonuses worth 600 bucks, you know, gun to the head playbook, multimedia payback.

Package, swipe file, market domination booklet, copy hype booklet, all of that for seven bucks, plus triple money back guarantee, plus a keep all the bonuses. So, I mean, that right there is like a good example of a SIN offer, you know, superior, irresistible, no brainer. Um, and that works specifically well with cold traffic, uh, acquiring customers on the front end. Um, you know, I don't know, Damien, if you had anything you wanted to say to that. This on the screen right here is just kind of what we plan to do next.

Yeah. So before we get to the next part, first of all, I just want to say just great job, just sharing that and even better job, more importantly, getting the results and executing so well on this. Uh, and for everybody here, like I said, you know, we've seen, you know, these are some of the numbers I look at almost on a daily basis other than Saturday and Sunday. And, you know, we were seeing that, that original offer convert good enough, right? It was getting us where we needed to be in terms of our acquisition costs at around a, I don't know, 6% conversion rate, sometimes as high as seven, uh, not much higher than eight, even on good days.

And now an offer that's converting, uh, well above 10%, uh, even as high as 12. Uh, and so that's a, that's a massive, massive jump. And, you know, this is only still pretty new, only about the last week or so, but we're going to start to see the ripple effect of that in a big way. Right. And so for all of you out there that you're running an offer, like really challenge you to think about like, what does it really mean to make your offer superior?

Even if it's not, you know, even if you sort of go, well, I think I am superior to everybody else's offer. Well then make your offer superior to your own offer. Right. Step back and say, you know, again, when, when Sam showed that image, it was so impactful to go, wow, you know, this was the offer before. And now it's like, oh my goodness, you get this and this and this and this and this, and you can keep it and the guarantee.

And it just, yeah, it's just sort of like, you know, again, still seven bucks. Right. I mean, if you imagine you were at a flea market, right. And you had, you know, item one on the left or item two on the right, like, you know, seven bucks, like, you know, what's going to get be stickier. You know, what's going to convert higher.

We don't need a whole lot of analysis to know what's going to work. And in fact, it did work and it did, you know, it has played out extremely well for us. And so as Sam was pulling up, why don't you show that last slide, you wanted to say something about that, Sam? Yeah. I mean, just kind of give you guys an inside look, you know, now that we got that going, the three things we plan to do is we're actually implementing the bump offer now.

So we can get that average order value up. We're going to test some new upsells to see how we can play around with some numbers at this point. And maybe even test some long form narrative style Facebook ads. I don't think we have any for the big idea book, Damien, but this might be kind of a fun thing to try. Yeah, so we could certainly try a long form ad.

We can even do a long form ad to a video. In fact, if you want to give me something like that, I'm happy to run it. If you want to write a long form ad and then what I'll do is I'll do a screen capture video of the new sales page. And then, you know, the ad will just be like, boom, here's my big ideas. Here's what a big idea is.

Here's where it matters. I think we had a, we have an ad from James that James wrote about. Where did we use that? Yeah, that was, I think that was a swipe, wasn't it? Back when we were writing a swipe.

Something. Remember he wrote something that was like really broke down kind of the big idea formula? Yeah, that might have been the book. One of the two. There's like about one together.

No, no, no, no, no. It was an ad. It was an ad. It was the hand ad. Yeah, the hand ad with the Einstein like.

Yeah, yeah. So that's a fun idea. Yeah, I'm actually, I'm actually going to update that long form copy and use a video ad. I'm going to do that actually after lunch. I'm going to do a video ad of the new sales letter since it looks great and the bundle looks sick.

And so a video ad of the sales letter, just everybody does, you know, like you can actually just do a screen share, like a screen capture video of what they're going to see on the next page. And that could be compelling, especially if you have a great looking page with a great offer. So if you ask the question, she said, did you try bringing the offer through a chatbot and messenger ad? And so the answer is no. I think that's a great idea.

It's something we're going to start testing more. To be honest, we kind of haven't been as aggressive with chatbot ads as I want to be, but we're going to start jumping in and testing that. So I definitely would test it. Just all your offers with chatbot as well as with, you know, chat leads. There's just so much you can do.

So I would test that. So I'm going to take the ball back to Sam. Sam, just hold on one second. Hold on a second. All right.

So do we have, oh, I disappeared from the screen. Final slide. All right. So does everybody have any questions about what we covered today? We went over a lot.

We talked about how much to spend when testing an ad. We walked through what to do when your ad costs are high with Jean-Michel. I shared with you about using those Instagram audiences to drop your costs. Sam did a phenomenal, phenomenal job. Thank you again, Sam, for walking us through the work that you did and really spearheaded to get our already winning offer even that much better in terms of conversion.

So let's see just a couple of questions come through. How do you organize your target markets when going out to cold traffic on Facebook for a minimum viable funnel? Is there a process or series of steps, for example, where charity always include charitable causes as part of the target market? And so what I try to do is, you know, and everybody has their own sort of thoughts and philosophies. My goal is this.

I personally, and I know I mentioned something to Jean-Michel, and that was the context of something he was dealing with because he was really lacking on the warm audience side, is I typically have not found layering audiences from the start to be very effective because you don't know what's actually contributing or helping to the conversion or not. And so ideally, if I were running to a charity, I would just pick the charities closest to yours, whether it's St. Jude's Hospital or something like that. And again, now here I'm going to break my own rule a second time, Michael, because I know you're helping Russian children and it's for the Russian community specifically. So I would look for people that support St.

Jude's charity, but also identify as being Russian in some way. Again, you can't just, you know, racially profile on Facebook, but obviously there are ways to find people that are Russian, have Russian interests, speak Russian or whatever the case may be. So I would try to pick a couple of those organizations, Make-A-Wish, St. Jude's, whatever it is that are also Russian, and that's who I would really consider. Again, if you were on an elevator and you wanted to get a new donor or a new sponsor, who would you want to be with?

You'd probably want to be with somebody who's Russian and currently donates to help children with diseases. And so that's where I would really focus on. And I wouldn't say organize, organize again, organize that word scares me a little bit, Michael, because the word organize sounds like there are 50 different things we're running at once. And that's not what we want to do, right? We want to start very, very focused.

And so I would not, you know, I would just test, you know, one or two audiences, one or two ads. So that at very most, that gives you, you know, four permutations, right? Add one, add two, audience one, audience two. And that's where I would start with those, those campaigns. And again, once you get it, you have to make sure that we make sense of the data we just bought.

Even if we don't get the result we want, we did get the data we bought. And so we have to figure out, well, is it that people clicked but didn't opt in? Did they opt in but not watch the VSL? Did they watch the VSL but not respond to the offer? We have to do that kind of analysis as, as smarter, more advanced marketers and not just say, well, I threw some hooks in the water and it didn't turn out the way I wanted.

So Facebook must not work despite the fact that people spend literally hundreds of millions of dollars if they have Facebook advertising. Great, great, great question, Michael. Anybody else have any other questions? All right. So once again, you've been on the live traffic QA call inside and only inside of Todd Browns Choir and Monetize.

We do this every other week. Again, you are here. How many of you are running ads right now, right? Give me a yeehaw if you're currently running ads through the chat. Go ahead, type it yeehaw.

Yeehaw, spell it any way you want. All right. So, yeah, there you go. So a lot of you guys, thank you, yeehaw. All right.

So as you're doing that, right, you're running stuff. Bring your stuff to Acquire Monetize. You get reminders. It shows up in the Slack channel. You just a couple clicks of a button.

And, you know, you can do it. It's very, very easy. Hop in and we're happy to give you feedback and do some other stuff. So that's all I have for today. Everybody have a great call.

I will see you again, Todd Brown Conversion, next Thursday. And remember, we also have a recording, which Sam will be putting up in about the next 24 hours. Great job. Phenomenal job, Sam. Hey, thank you.

All right. See you all next week. Bye-bye. See you. Bye-bye.
