---
title: "E5 Alliance 9.4.25"
date: 2025-09-05
duration: 1h 3m
duration_seconds: 3815
vimeo_id: 1116180143
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# E5 Alliance 9.4.25

**Date:** 2025-09-05 | **Duration:** 1h 3m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Hey, Chris. Hey, Paul. How are you? How are you my friend? I'm going well, how about you?

I'm good. I'm sorry if I'm a little, um, my internet and the whole, like, my whole area out here today, last few days have been like very choppy, so I'm casting it from my phone. So I don't know if that, if, uh, if it might get a little funky. Okay. No problems.

I'm in a different place too with some funky internet, so. Gotcha. So what's going on, man? How you been? Uh, yeah, yeah.

No, I've been good. I've been good. Uh, personally lots of house renovations happening, but, um, business wise, yeah, we started with E five agency, um, spent just over a month, and so we've, I guess we've had about 15 sales, which is really cool, uh, about breakeven spend and, um, great. So we just started minimum viable funnel. We've just about to add a bump offer, um, and, uh, you know, Sarah, my wife's recording some video scripts, and so we're just starting to expand on the, on the sales letter and start doing some testing and, but our, you know, focus is average order value and, uh, yeah, but it's all, it's coming along, Man.

I'm so happy to hear that. So you're at break even now with, uh, with your minimum viable funnel? Yeah, yeah. Like small spend, like a hundred bucks a day. But where, you know, the plan is to, is to ramp that up once we've, we can increase the average order value.

And so our next step we're just doing the tech, which is not my department, um, to get that into the funnel. So hopefully that'll be on next week. And fingers crossed, you know, that'll add 10 to 20 bucks to the A OV. Uh, it's a $47 upsell, A PDF, and which is just aimed to shortcut the whole course and make it easier. And, um, at the advice of, uh, I guess you and upsell genius and, and, uh, John.

And then we're gonna start working on an upsell next week, uh, like 197 price point. That's kind of the target, and the goal is to have that done by the end of the month. Um, and then we'll work on a downsell. And, uh, while all this stuff's happening, hopefully we will, uh, you know, we're getting more familiar with the platform, um, like the CRM and all the things you don't know about until you start, like all the tax consequences of selling all around the world and all that type of stuff that, Um, Uh, which is, you know, it's all just, uh, stuff we've gotta do. And yeah, then planning a back, uh, we'll have a down sell, like a $97 down sell, something like that.

Um, you know, goal is to have all that running nicely by the end of the year or before the end of the year and, and start ramping up. Um, you know, assuming it all, you know, it's the, it all works out and, uh, we've gotta engage, or my wife's gotta engage a lot more with, um, the, the course takers. We've got a couple of webinars to do and she's got some coaching to do, and that's where, uh, we'll really find out. Uh, yeah, it's an interesting space. Um, and, and I guess, you know, like you've really honed us into, into a solving a specific problem.

So it's interesting the type of people that, uh, and what they're, you know, when we start engaging in the forum, what their real problems are. So, yeah, it's all good. It's, uh, it's coming along and, and I think the best thing is we're just pragmatic. It's like, uh, I said to um, John, like, when we first had our call with E five agencies, oh yeah, we wanna do 10, 10,000 sales this year. And it's like, well, sure, we'd like to do that, but we don't need to.

And it, I think realistically, if we keep tracking along, we could probably do 2000 that's achievable, and that'd be amazing to, uh, to build a backend on that. And, um, we build a rock solid business. And, um, so yeah, we're in it for the long haul. It's not a, like a, you know, none of this is get rich quick, but, uh, just being realistic and not putting pressure on ourselves. And I think that's the, and enjoying the journey and the process and not trying to get anywhere.

Um, just, yeah. So it's all good. Love it, man. That's fantastic. Well, listen, you're in a great space.

You know, personal development is, uh, you know, it, it's one of my favorite spaces to be in, just because, I mean, relative to like the marketing space, just, uh, the economics are just way easier to make work in the personal development space. Um, and you know, I have found that like once you indoctrinate those folks, like by solving one problem for them, you can bring them in their, bring them into your world and they'll, they'll invest so much more with you just learning from you about other things that maybe not necessarily aren't even problems that they have, but they'll just develop this kind of desire to learn more, um, yeah. From your wife. Like, once you kind of bring them into that environment and the ecosystem. Cool.

Cool. That's what we're hoping. Yeah. Because it's endless. Cool.

So any questions specifically about the campaign before I jump in and kind of share with you what I, what I had planned for tonight? Um, nothing, you know, nothing like, I've just been, personally, I've been quite busy, but I, I'm sure there's gonna be plenty of stuff come up, but, uh, um, you know, I'm using your, I'm just using the upsell genius at the moment, and, uh, I think in general, like I, you know, I'd absolutely credit you for, uh, just the coaching that we did, the insight into how to, how to use chat and perplexity and, and, uh, query it and, and not believe what it said, but, you know, keep, keep going and keep, uh, you know, I guess tormenting it to come up with better things. And, uh, so that's been amazing. Yeah, it's really, really good. But you gotta have context.

It's rubbish in, rubbish out. So, yeah. Um, you, you know, like this last course we did, the first one we did took us ages. It was probably three or four months. Um, and that's, I mean, I spoke to you about this, you wanting do it perfect or we've got no idea, and this is gonna be, and at the end of the day, it's gotta get something out, be because we've been through that process.

It was, it took us maybe like three or four days to do the next product because we had a really solid foundation. And, um, we just, yeah, I guess we appreciate the value of what we're doing. And, uh, so that was, and having all that knowledge and having done the product before using the chat, like the chat came up with something and it's like we, we probably did four or five iterations and it's like we really needed to, to rip it apart and make it 'cause on the face it's like, oh, this is great, this is really good. We've done it already, and come back and read it the next day. And it's like, oh man, that's not very good, but that doesn't make sense, or it's kind of ambiguous.

So just going through that process, but it was much, much faster, which is awesome. Yeah, that's great. I'll tell you now, man, like the first product, the first product I, I've told you this before, is the hardest to create just because you're in your own head and you, you know, there's all this chasing perfection. And the first product I would also argue is like the hardest to get working on the front end, like, you know, get creating, um, a product and an offer that it's, you know, its primary responsibility is to acquire new clients, customers, and sales for you consistently and predictably, I would say is one of the most challenging things to do in an online business. These other products, the backend products, like, um, they're so much easier to sell and convert to an existing customer base than that very first one.

So, kudos to you guys because you know, again, that first hurdle of creating that first product, creating that first marketing campaign, you nail that the backend, you'll see it just becomes so much easier. It's infinitely easier to get that stuff to work. Cool. It's good news. Yeah.

It's a big, big hump to get over to get started. Yeah, for sure. Um, so I'm gonna jump in and share what I had planned for you. So a few, you know, a few weeks ago Todd shared, you know, his kind of top lessons that he's learned in like his 20 years and being business of being in business online. And I think it was then Andy who asked me, I love Andy.

'cause Andy always, Andy asks us great questions, but he asks questions that I'm usually not prepared for. So even when I was like kind of going through the coaching with him, you know, I pretty much know, you know, I mean, give or take with a few exceptions, I pretty much know the questions that clients are gonna ask on the calls, right? It's like an 80 20 thing. But Andy would wind up asking me questions that like I've never heard before, which was great 'cause it challenged my thinking. So anyway, when he asked me that question, I really wasn't prepared to answer it, just because there's so many different directions I could go with that in terms of getting like super tactical that I just wasn't, I was trying to answer it in a way that I felt would be, um, the most re relative to what we do, um, and relevant right to what we do.

Um, and so I figured I would share that, um, you know, on this call, it's actually the sixth, uh, so these are in no particular order, but these are, you know, the things that I have really learned, um, over this 20 year journey, um, in my life of as a direct response marketer and as a business person. And so, like, the first one is that for me, copywriting is a superpower. And so like, the ability to craft messages that convert is one of the highest leverage skills in any business. It can generate movement, uh, revenue build movements, and it can basically keep you, um, employable for life. So when I first, you know, I left a, a six figure a year job in midtown Manhattan.

I was, um, I worked for a fitness company. I started out as a regular sales person. Then I went up to a corporate sales person where I was just managing corporate accounts. And then I became a general manager with, you know, 50 people working under me running the entire, uh, operation. Um, and so, you know, when I quit that job to jump into online marketing, 100%, you know, I think I had, I don't know, four or five, maybe six months worth of savings that if I didn't, if I didn't earn a dime, uh, every single day for that six months, I'd be able to pay all my bills.

And, you know, but in the back of my mind, I was always like, man, am I, am I gonna be able to get this to work or am I gonna have to go back to that job like groveling and begging for my job back? And what I realized in developing this skill of copywriting is that, number one, once you have this, the reason I say it's a superpower is because I could always use it in my existing business if I ever wanted to switch into a different niche or market. Obviously there's nuances to every niche in market, but the overarching principles of good copywriting stay the same. And like, in a worst case scenario, I could always fall back on copywriting, um, as agency works, as agency work for clients. So I would never actually have to go back to a job because I could just use this superpower that I have now.

Not in my own business, but, you know, to get paid from other people. But the important thing as it relates to you and anybody else that, you know, watches this, this recording is like, you don't have to be a copywriter, but you should know as an online business owner, what good copy looks like. This way you can recognize it when you either hire copywriters or just like you said, you know, earlier when you're using chat, when you're using a AI tools, you need to be able to evaluate that output. You need to be able to know is it gold or is it trash? Right?

Yeah. And so, you know, I, I've said this before and you know, you, you just kind of reiterated it, um, earlier, is like, AI can help you with the heavy lifting, but you have to have a solid proven framework that you're using within the context of that ai. And so obviously I use the E five method. There are other copywriting methods. You have Stefan Georgi, who's a, you know, a well-known copywriter, he's got his RMBC method.

You know, there are lots of different marketers that have different frameworks that they use for crafting campaigns. Um, we obviously we're biased, but we believe that E five is, is definitely the best one and the most effective one. But the point is, you gotta have some sort of a, a of a proven framework, and then you need a trained eye to understand exactly if it's giving you the right output, right? Just, just 'cause, you know, the f just 'cause you're using the framework still doesn't guarantee that the AI is gonna give you the right output. Like, you gotta know in, in the, you know, in the example of E five, you need to know like, what does a good primary promise look like?

What does a good headline look like? What does a good lead look like? What is a true unique mechanism? Um, and so on and so forth. And so the key takeaway is that, you know, copywriting isn't just about writing, it's about recognizing that effective persuasion, training your eye, learning the frameworks, and you'll always have a business advantage, right?

I'm just saying, like, again, the key point is you don't need to be a copywriter, but I believe that every online business owner should either read a few copywriting books, go through a few courses, and just really understand the key foundational fundamental principles so that, again, either if you're outsourcing this to somebody, you're able to truly evaluate it. Um, or if you're using ai, I can't tell you how many clients I've worked with in the past that are great operators, great visionaries, but because they don't know anything about copywriting and they're just outsourcing it, or they're hiring somebody and they're getting garbage copy, they don't even know where to begin in terms of like evaluating whether or not they're like, oh, yeah, you know, we spent, I don't know, $15,000 working with this guy and none of our messages worked. And then I'm kind of looking at it to evaluate what's going on, and like, they're just missing like basic stuff, like basic stuff that, like even a novice copywriter would understand that that is a disaster. Yeah. And it's not gonna work.

And so, you know, you as the business owner, you know, you really need to understand that. Um, the second lesson that I learned is that everyone needs or should have, sorry, Just Yep. Can I ask questions now or should we wait till the end? I would, I was gonna wait, but you know what, it's better if you ask me a question now so that we stay within context. Yeah, go ahead.

Yeah. Cool. So, uh, I mean, I have a bunch of books and like, uh, who, who are the, like, what do you think is the best way to, uh, like, because I used to get into this stuff all the time, and I haven't looked at it for, you know, five or 10 years, but I've got the books on the shelf and I've, you know, I guess I'm, what's a shortcut or where would, you know, which book should I go reread or, uh, Yeah, so obviously like, I'm biased, but I always tell people, read the E five method, reread the E five method, because I feel like what Todd has really done a great job of is he's done that exactly what you're asking. He's read all the best books and kind of taken the best things from the best books and distilled them into a way to apply it into today's world. Um, so there's that.

Um, Sorry. So I don't have that book. How can I get hold of it? Um, I'll get you a copy of it. Okay, awesome.

A copy of it. Much appreciated, Actually, did you, you went through the AI apprenticeship, right? Yeah, yeah. Okay. On That confirmation page, we gave everybody a complimentary, uh, access to the book.

Oh, okay. So is that a, is it a PDF or is it a, uh, it's A pdf DF Right now we're not keeping the physical book. Yeah. Cool, cool. Awesome.

We'll Get it there. But, um, how to write a a Good Advertisement is a great book. Um, this book, um, breakthrough Advertising Probably. Yeah, I've got That. Yeah, probably the most, uh, it's deep.

It's not an easy read. Uh, you know, when I first started reading this book, my brain would get kind of like, uh, scrambled and overloaded in the first, you know, couple of pages that I was reading. 'cause I really didn't understand what Eugene Schwartz was talking about. But after learning from Todd, it kind of crystallized all the stuff that he talks about in this book. Um, so this is definitely a good one.

Um, I'm a fan of Joe Sugarman. Um, so any books from Joe Sugarman, the Adweek Copywriting Handbook is a great book. I just love his approach to the way that he thinks about copywriting, um, you know, and, and campaign creation. And then I would say, um, there's a book by, uh, Bob Bly, which is just basically, um, I forgot the actual name of it. Maybe it's like the Copywriting Blueprint or something like that.

It's just a, you know, it's like a generic name, but that's a, that's really solid read. Okay, cool. Yeah, Thanks for that. Any other questions about this? Uh, no, I think that's good.

That's good for now. Thanks. Cool. Um, so lesson two is that everyone needs a superpower. So Dan Sullivan from Strategic Coach, I don't know if you know who he is, but Yeah, yeah.

Oh, he is. So this guy's been around, right? He's been a, he's been leading in the coaching space for, I don't know, probably 50, 60 years at this point. And he talks about this concept called the unique ability. It's that thing that you are right uniquely qualified to do better than maybe not almost anyone, but better than most people.

Add this thing that gives you dis dis disproportionate results. Um, so it should be like, obviously it should be something that you're good at, but it should also be like, something high leverage, right? Like, I could be great at cleaning toilets, but like, you know, where's that gonna really get me? So it could be like teaching distilling complex things into simple terms. It could be connecting with people, it could be building brands.

It could be you're a visionary, it could be you're a great marketer. Um, but equally as important as knowing what that is, is knowing what it's not. Um, which will, which I'll talk about a little bit more in the next lesson that I learned. But I think like, it's super important to be self-aware of like what your superpowers are and what you just are not good at. Mm-hmm.

And I think when you identify those weaknesses, you need to either hire or partner someone to cover those gaps. Yeah. So, and it took me, listen, I didn't really, I didn't really always understand this. It, it took me, um, it took me a while to like figure this out, you know, because I was in, I was in sales. The only jobs I've ever had were sales jobs, right?

So I graduated high school in 1997. I had no idea what I wanted to do with my life. I knew what I didn't want to do. I didn't want to keep going to school 'cause I wasn't good in a classroom setting. Um, I didn't want to, I didn't wanna really work for anyone else.

I didn't wanna like, take orders from people. I didn't want to fight with people over vacation days. So all the, all the things that come with a traditional job, I really wasn't attracted to. Although I had plenty of those jobs as a kid and as a teenager growing up, working in restaurants and stuff like that. Um, but I also, like, you know, I was always attracted to being successful and, and having a, you know, a nice income.

And so, like, the reality is, you know, if in those days if you didn't have a college degree and you wanted a high paying job, well, no one's given you a high paying job. You, it's sales, you gotta go kind of earn it. And I always kind of liked that ability to have control over my income. So sales, you know, I, I, I was relatively good at it. I wouldn't say I was like a superstar, but probably better than the average person.

And so, like, what I thought though was like when I got into marketing and became a copywriter, like, uh, even though I developed that superpower, I wouldn't really say that copywriting was my superpower. It was more my ability to communicate with people. But for years I thought that it was copywriting, but it's actually, that's not what I believe my superpower is. I believe my superpower is kind of what we're doing here is I love communicating. I love helping people.

I love coaching people. I love seeing people get aha moments. And I love the ability to take something that's relatively complex and distill it down into something, you know, that the average person can really understand and apply and then ultimately, um, get results with. Does that make sense? Yep.

Yep. Cool. Any questions about that? Uh, no. No.

I've got the, I've actually got the unique Ability book, and I've probably, and it's one of those things sitting on my bookshelf, staring at me. Yeah. But I do, uh, yeah, I think about it often. Uh, and I, I, I think it's so important for anyone to, it's 80 20 or it's 95 5. It's like, do what you're good at and get other people to do the rest of it.

Yeah, for sure. Um, next one, which is, this is a really big one for me, which is that, like, you can't do it all alone. So I thought when I got into, um, so my, my journey into the online world was a little, maybe a little bit different than the average person. So I kind of got into this whole thing by accident. I was in sales.

My best friend who's like, you know, the godfather to one of my kids that I've known since I'm 15 years old, he was a born entrepreneur, never wanted to work for anybody. Um, in 2005, he starts an online business. He's like, look, I'm starting this business. I need a copywriter. I can't afford a real one.

You're a salesperson. So do you wanna be, my copywriter had no idea what copywriting was, but he was like, listen, it's salesmanship in print. I'm gonna give you these digital products. You read through them, and whatever you would say to a person face to face, imagine that you were selling this to someone face to face and write it down, um, you know, in a Word document, and then we'll do the rest. And so, um, that's how I kind of started in copywriting.

And then what I realized was, I was like, man, you know, I'm in the wrong business because I realized that I could write a sales letter for a client, charge 'em $5,000, and they send a few emails to their list, they make back the five grand that they paid me on this digital product, and then they're profitable forever. And so that was like my first introduction to the info publishing business. Um, and so what I shifted to doing was I started bartering with people. So instead of charging them for, you know, projects, I would have them mail to an opt-in page so I could start building my email list and then create my own products, um, to sell. When I originally started doing that, I did it, my first product I did as a partnership with my friend who had initially hired me to be a copywriter and his partner, because they already had tons of connections, they had tons of experience.

Um, they had all the tech figured out back then there was no ClickFunnels or anything like that. So they had all the tech built out, and most importantly, they already had existing email lists of tens of thousands of people that they could, um, that they could use, right? They had resources that they could use to promote this first product of mine. And so the goal at that point was, okay, so we're gonna be in a three-way partnership. I'm gonna create all the products you guys are gonna do, all the marketing, so on and so forth.

And just for like a multitude of reasons, and we're still great friends till this day, but that partnership just did not work very well. And looking back, I think it was more that I was just kind of starting out and they were already like, you know, making millions of dollars, um, online. And so my stuff just wasn't ranking high enough on the priority list for them. And so when we split, um, and I went on my own, I kind of went into this trap of thinking, I'm gonna be a machine. I'm gonna learn everything.

I already know copywriting. Now I'm gonna master product creation, I'm gonna master financials, I'm gonna master operations, sales, marketing, I'm gonna do everything. I'm gonna become a machine. I'm gonna do 20 hour days, it doesn't matter. I'm gonna grind, grind, grind.

And when I look back, now, what I realized was that if I had, if I had the partners now that I have in my businesses, you know, whether it's this business or the other businesses that I'm in, I would've grown exponentially if I would've not spent all that time trying to do everything on my own. And so, like, the key is like, you gotta have partners that bring different abilities to the table than you. Because if you both bring, if you, if you both have the same unique abilities, or you're both bringing the exact same things to the table, it doesn't really make any sense, right? So an example for me is like, in this particular business, this business right here, like, so Todd for many years was the teacher in the face of the brand, and he's got, um, you know, other priorities now and other, uh, portfolio, portfolio businesses. So he's still here and he still plays a role, but not like what he did back then.

And so that created this opportunity for me to come in and do that, right? Because if both of us were kind of doing the same thing, it really wouldn't make sense. But more than that, what I feel like that Todd does very differently than I do is Todd has very, he has very unique high level thinking. Um, so I do calls with Todd every week, sometimes multiple times per week, and sometimes still till this day, the way that he'll explain the lens that he looks at something through, or ideas that he has about the way he would approach certain things are things that I never would've thought of. Um, Todd's also very good at creating frameworks, right?

Hence the E five method. You know, um, I think in, back in 2017 when he developed E five, like, I, I, I don't even have a fraction of the bandwidth in my brain. I didn't have it back then to create that level of depth and sophistication, um, in a marketing method. And he did. And so that's kind of like what he brings to the table, right?

And our other partner, Damien, who's Todd's lifelong friend, like his gift is strategy and operations. He knows what levers to pull. He knows how to manage the finances. And so if I had partners like that throughout this journey where I spent this, you know, whatever, 10, 12 years doing it all on my own, I would've been way more successful than I am now. And so, you know, I just wish that I would've figured that out earlier.

But I guess because I had a bad taste in my mouth from that initial partnership that I tried, I just, you know, I let that kind of cloud my thinking, right? And, and I, I, I, what I really should have done back then was realize that I need to find people that compensate for the things that I'm just not good at or the things that I just don't wanna do. And so, usually because I don't do them, I'm not good at them, and because I'm not good at them, I don't do them, and therefore, you know, the business gets stuck. You know, I can't tell you, um, Chris, how many times I spent days or even weeks trying to make a decision in my business because I had nobody to bounce it off of. I had nobody, I had no other perspective of somebody to either tell me, yeah, you're on the right track, do it, or tell me no, man.

Like, you're, you're looking at this completely the wrong way. Here's the way I would do it, and kind of open me up to a, a different way of doing things. I would get so trapped in my own brain about just so many different things. What's the best way to create this campaign? What's the best order bump?

What's the best upsell? What's the best follow-up sequence? Should the follow-up sequence happen after they buy this product? Just getting myself in the weeds on all of these different things that ultimately, like, I would just blow them off and not make the decision in a timely manner, and then I would wind up getting distracted by something else. And it was all because of this faulty thinking of thinking that I could do, um, everything on my own and thinking I could be a one man army instead of, you know, building partnerships where everyone plays, you know, to their strengths.

And so, like, one thing that I've realized is that I'm like not necessarily the best guy at coming up with frameworks, although I've gotten better now that I know how to leverage AI to help me do it. But in terms of like thinking strategically about, you know, for example, like just creating a framework for, for marketing, let's say, I wasn't necessarily the best at that. What I am very good at is if you give me a framework, I can, I can then expand on it. I can look at the framework in different ways, I can explain it to people in different ways so that they understand it and apply it in the best way possible. And so, even in my other business where I'm, I'm partnered up in a dental business, you know, my partner, he's the one that came up with all the intellectual property because he's been doing it for the past 12 years in another country.

And I am in charge of delivering it over here, doing the coaching over here, explaining all the concepts over here. But the key, the key point is like what I bring to the table is the fact that I can now help him expand his business in a completely different country, which up until this point, for, for whatever reason, was a problem for him. And what he brings to the table is, I can launch this business using a whole bunch of I ips that I didn't have to create. And so that's what makes it a great partnership, aside from the, the basic prerequisites of trust and all that kind of stuff that has to be there, but that's what makes it a good partnership. We we're, none of us are doing are bringing the same things to the table.

Does that make sense? Yeah, it does. Yeah. Any questions about that? Uh, no.

No, it's all, it's good. Cool. Um, I, I guess, I guess like I, I'll just share a little bit of my experience. I think, uh, I, I had the same experience that I just knew I could grow in my previous business. Uh, I just couldn't, I needed other people, and we needed other people to grow.

Uh, and, you know, we had exponential growth for, for a few years, uh, because we brought other people on and we started outsourcing and focused on what we were better at doing. And, um, yeah, so, uh, made a huge difference finding the right people. And I think with staffing too, um, we never had a huge amount of staff. Maybe we had up to 20 people at one stage. And the lessons we learned from that about it's worth investing so much time up front and scrutinizing and trialing people.

And, uh, because that, I mean, in Australia will say, she'll be right approach, and you take people on, and next thing it just creates so many problems. And I'd rather spend a week up front, and that's what I did to the last person I hired. And they were gone in two weeks, and I was happy about it. And it took, you know, I spent a long time, but if that person was still with me, they would just be sucking the energy out of me and, uh, costing me money and creating problems. And, uh, you know, just, she was a smart woman and, but just wasn't the right fit.

Uh, and I wasn't ready for it. Um, so yeah. Yeah. Totally agree, man. Um, so next lesson, and this really, this has to do with, this is more of a tactical, um, just I do things differently now because of kind of the age that we live in.

Um, and so in the past, what I used to do was spend months creating products, right? So I would, you know, in my info publishing business, which is really all about communication skills, I probably have, I don't know, probably definitely over 50, maybe over 60 products at this point, which range from, you know, small little sheet sheets and playbooks to like full blown video courses and master classes. And so, like, as I began to learn more and more about the people in that space and kind of what they're attracted to, what kind of products like, uh, you know, they find attractive and appealing, I was really just working on a hunch. And so I would create most of my products on hunches. Now, I would say that the majority of the time, my hunches were correct in terms of backend products, front end products.

I, I put a little bit more thought and research into creating front end products. And I only have, you know, probably two or three that I use as front end products. Everything else is backend. So, but in terms of like creating these backend products and kind of understanding what folks want, for the most part, I got that right. Um, but there were instances where I just spent way too long creating a product, and it just turned out to be a bomb.

And, you know, there are certain hunches that I had where I thought something was gonna absolutely crush it, and it completely bombed. And then I've had the opposite happen where I'm like, eh, you know, this thing's not gonna work. And then, you know, people seem to love it, and they eat it up. And so the, the, the shift that I've made is I don't create products in advance anymore. Um, what I do now is I validate them first by either running a workshop, a bootcamp, or a live session where I teach the core concept before I build it out.

And so, number one, this shows me immediately if people are interested enough to pay for the idea. Number two, I learned the real questions and objections that they have, which then enables me to make the final product better. And it enables me to get testimonials, case studies and proof before the full product exists. And like, aside from, you know, learning the lesson about guessing and all that, the real lesson that I learned was that I was trying to create the perfect product in advance, but the perfect product actually comes as a result of doing it live a few times with a group of people. Because you create the perfect product when you understand the real questions, the objections, the pain points, the things that they're gonna struggle with, how you synthesize the content, right?

There were times where I would create products in the past, or I would spend, you know, 60% of the time talking about something that I really could have spent 20% of the time talking about based on feedback that I got from, from customers. And so, really the way that I do this now is, first I send out a survey, and on that survey I might have five ideas of something that I'm thinking about teaching. And so there are things on that list that I want to teach, and things that I'm not so necessarily so excited about teaching. But the real question is, which one is gonna get the prospect and the customers most excited? Where are they gonna find the most value?

And so now we just run simple surveys, fi no more than five things on there. 'cause I don't wanna overload them with, you know, 10 or 20 different things, but five workshop ideas that I'm thinking about creating. And I kind of get a gauge to see if there's enough interest behind them. Usually out of the five, it's two of them that will be the winners that will be leaps and bounds beyond the other three that are in there. Of course, I learn that most of the time I'm wrong, that the leading one is the one I'm like, man, I didn't think it would be that one.

I thought it would be something else. And then, and only then do I go about running that workshop. And so what I love about this approach is, first of all, I'm learning in advance what they want instead of going and creating it. Number two, I can create this on the fly. So now this doesn't require me to, to record, you know, hours worth of content first and then edit it and get it right and, you know, before I release it only to find out that it might not work.

The second thing is that, or the third thing I should say is that I feel like the content creation process for me goes much faster. So when I finished the AI Apprentice, so when, when we, when we first did AI Apprentice, I thought that we would be able to get it done in three weeks with two calls per week. So I thought, okay, it'll be six calls, each call is 90 minutes, you know, so whatever that, whatever that comes out to be, you know, uh, 10, 12 hours, whatever it would, whatever it would wind up being. And it wound up being, as, you know, 12 calls and each call, some of them were actually a little bit over 90 minutes, so, you know, we're talking about whatever, 15, 16 hours worth of content. But to me, and for me, it flew by, like, if I had to do that the old way, which was me sitting down in front of my computer, getting all the slides ready and then recording.

Now, that's also assuming everything works correctly, because I've recorded products in the past where I forgot to turn my microphone on. I've recorded products in the past where I ran outta space on my computer. I've recorded products in the past where the microphone's working in the beginning, and then somehow after an hour of me talking, the audio starts getting choppy. So, okay, let's just assume everything went smoothly. Nothing went wrong, still to sit down in front of a computer by yourself and go through 15, 16 hours worth of content.

Um, it it, it's night and day, the comparison of when you're actually doing it live with a group of people, and you have that dialogue and that communication for me, it just goes by much faster. Um, the next thing is that I find that at least right now, offering these types of products requires much less marketing. So I don't know if you've seen some of the offers that we're putting out. We're actually putting one out, um, next week. I'll get you a ticket to it, because anybody that's part of the alliance gets access to the workshops.

You don't have to pay for those. But I'm doing a $97 workshop called Weapons of Mass Persuasion. So why am I doing that? Because I did a survey and that was far beyond that, that generated the most interest out of, you know, all the different, uh, workshop ideas. And the way that we're running these, Chris, or the way that we're marketing them is we're just sending people to an order form with a headline, which is the name of the workshop, a description of it, some bullet points, the date, and an FAQ at the bottom.

And that's it. Like, no video sales letter, no long form sales letter. I've seen people doing these through Google Documents where they're not even sending them, you know, to a webpage. The offer is just on a Google document, so much less time to, to create the marketing, to sell the thing, much less time to actually create the thing, much more fun, to create the thing and much better of a shot of the thing actually working, because, you know, people want it before you, before you attempt to sell it to them. And so from that, I can then maybe if, if a workshop really works well and I feel like there's a lot more I could add, then I can go deeper and create, you know, a masterclass or something like that.

Um, you know, based on that. But this is the way I create products now. Any questions about that? Uh, no. No.

But that's really helpful for where we're at. And, um, yeah, yeah, that's, uh, yeah, thanks for sharing. It's gonna help a lot. Yeah. Cool.

Um, next one. This is one I learned from Todd, which I think Todd learned from, um, one of the guys at Boardroom, which is a big, you know, info publishing, um, company. And it, yeah, I think it was Bill Bonner who said, like, we're in the what business, not in the why business. And so really what this is about is not getting emotionally attached to outcomes. You know, believing that a campaign must succeed because you love it, or, uh, you know, because you put so much into it, or the worst of all, because a campaign worked at one point and now you are like stuck to it.

So you believe that because it worked once before, it will work again. But that's just not always necessarily true, right? And the reality is that business doesn't care about your emotions. Data is data. You're gonna be wrong sometimes, um, like I said before, things that you thought would've worked, um, and crushed it, sometimes don't.

And you know, sometimes that things that you thought, uh, things that you doubted might actually, you know, wind up crushing it and killing it. And so, um, now what I mean by this is like, 'cause sometimes when I say this to people, they're like, yeah, but we're in the business of collecting data and then making decisions based on that data. And so what, what I want you to understand is I'm not saying that the data doesn't matter. What I'm saying is don't get emotionally attached to the data or ignore it just because you believe that maybe the, you know, somehow or another the data is, is flawed somehow. And so you become emotionally attached to, um, to certain things.

You have to learn to just detach your ego from the outcome. You know, I have, I've created campaigns in the past that I put so much time and energy into number one, conceptually thinking about the campaign, doing the research, building out the entire campaign, doing all the tech that comes with it, uh, all the upsell flows, the down sell flows, the email, so on and so forth. And listen, at the end of the day, every campaign has a shelf life. Now, the shelf life of that campaign, sometimes there are elements of the campaign whose shelf life will end before the campaign in and of itself dies. So what I mean by that is you might have a campaign where the idea of the campaign reaches its expiration date, and so you need a different angle and a different idea, and therefore you need a different lead.

And so you change that, and that brings the campaign to life. Sometimes it's the offer within the campaign. So some, sometimes the market evolves and whatever they might not want, the offer might include, let's say, a masterclass. And that particular market is just not attracted to learning anymore. They want a done for you solution, right?

So maybe you help, you know, business owners, you know, achieve a specific outcome. For instance, you help dentists, maybe dentists have evolved and like they just don't wanna learn anymore, and they just want agencies that will do it for them. And so the offer needs to change. So sometimes it's components within the campaign that hit their expiration date. And then sometimes it's just the campaign, like the entire campaign is just not working anymore.

And I have in the past felt this need to, man, but this thing was working so well in the past, I could get it back to where it needs to be. We put so much into this, so much time, money, energy, resources. And the reality is, like what I was falling victim to is that sunken cost fallacy that because I put so much into it previously, I should continue. And there are just certain times where you have to cut your losses. Um, now of course, that's an extreme example when a, when an entire campaign has to be scratched, but the bottom line is sometimes it's just components or concepts within the campaign that the data's just telling you, this is not working, and you gotta move on to something else.

You know, Todd and I have analyzed our own campaigns that we're running. Sometimes he'll be like, listen, I think we should split test this. That test will lose. He's like, man, you, you were right. Like, you know, okay, fair play.

Sometimes it's the opposite. Sometimes I say, we should test something that he did against something that he did that I think will be better. And again, we just never get emotionally attached to it. We look at everything as a scientific experiment, and the data will tell us which way we need to go. Does that make sense?

Any questions about that? Uh, no. No. I, uh, I think that's, that's what you learn when you become a big boy or a big girl. You get, uh, beaten up enough and work out that it doesn't really matter, uh, that the facts are the facts.

Your emotions can, yeah, gotta put them aside. Yeah. And then, uh, number, this is the last one I learned, which is, which I got from Alex Hormoze when I read, um, whatever the first book was that he wrote a hundred million dollar offers where he was, do you know who, who Hormoze is? No. Okay.

No. Okay. So Alex Hor Moey is in the marketing space right now. He's, he, he's, he's a big, um, guru. So basically what this guy did was he owned, um, some gyms that were struggling, or he owned a gym that was struggling.

And then he, he began to understand how to use direct response marketing to grow his gyms. And then, um, as he began to get his gyms, he, as he began to layer on these different, um, tactics and create this framework for growing the revenue in his gyms, um, obviously like he started making, you know, a lot more money. And so what he then started doing was consulting where he would go into other gym owners and into their businesses, and he would show them how to apply his frameworks to their businesses. And, you know, they would pay him a bunch of money, whatever, 25, 30, $50,000 to come in, show them how to implement this, and then, you know, they'd make back their money and, you know, everyone's happy. And so he was having a conversation with another business owner who's a very savvy business owner, and the business owner told him, you have a level 10 skill, but you're using it in a level two opportunity.

And so he was like, what do you mean? And he was like, well, what you should do is instead of going into all of these different gyms and working with the business owners, you should just license the framework to them, right? So that you're not actually just going in and working with all of them individually, create a franchise, you know, the, a franchise version of this, like the McDonald's version of this, where you build the whole thing out for them and then they just have to go install it in their businesses. And this was like really eye-opening for me because I don't know if maybe it was just kind of like limiting beliefs or, you know, whatever it might have been. But like, I feel that there were a lot of level 10, um, skills that I had that I was using in very low level opportunities.

And so, you know, for example, you know, um, having a, I believe the ability to write copy, as I said in the, in the beginning, or at least the ability to understand what good copy looks like, is that's a level, level seven, level eight, like a, it's a high level skill for all the reasons that I gave in the beginning, right? But using that in a level two opportunity is like, let's say, um, doing that for agency clients that are paying you a little bit amount of money, like maybe they're paying you, you know, per project and it's a couple of grand that they're paying you, a higher level opportunity is to partner up with a business owner and actually get some, a piece of the action, right? Where you're getting paid as a partner to, to actually write the copy and craft the campaigns. And even higher level of that is to then shift into, um, a business model where that skill pays even higher, right? Which is kind of like what I do in the dental space.

So working with dentists is infinitely easier. And, um, you're able to scale you a higher level because first of all, it's B2B, and not only is it B2B, but you are working with qualified clients that have the money to pay you. Like the minimum amount that every dentist makes, generally speaking, at least in the US, is a quarter million dollars a year, right? So they're making at least 20 grand a month. So it's infinitely easier to offer a higher ticket solutions to them, right?

Uh, so number one, they're more qualified to pay higher prices for what you offer them. Number two, they find, um, they find that skillset to be more valuable than, let's say, other customers or prospects might, because dentists don't want anything to do with marketing, generally speaking. They don't wanna learn copy, they don't wanna understand copy, they don't wanna learn direct response marketing. They see themselves as doctors. They just want to go in, see the patient, fix the patient, you know, maybe learn how to, how to increase their treatment plan, acceptance rate, or whatever it might be.

But my point is that when you take a, a skill that's already, let's say a seven or an eight, how you get that to a higher level opportunity is number one, instead of trading time for dollars, you become a partner where you're getting compensated differently. But then on top of that, you are utilizing it in a niche or a space where it's seen as infinitely more valuable to that prospect, and that prospect is more qualified in terms of paying you higher fees because of the value they see there. So that's how you go from, like for, to me, like if you're a good copywriter, you're a good copywriter, right? Like, if you could be a good copywriter in one space, generally speaking, if you put in enough time and enough reps, you can become a great copywriter in a completely different space. So why not take that level 10 skill and use it in higher level opportunities where A, you're getting a piece of the action, um, and b you're doing it with, with, uh, clients and customers that can pay you more and they value it more.

Whereas conversely, like you could be at a level six in your skill and you're in, like, you know, a again, being in a level 10 opportunity now, everything just kind of like, um, massively expands, right? You, you don't have to be, um, at a level 10, right? Like you, the, the op the opportunity vehicle is more important than the actual skill. Not to say that you shouldn't be good at what you do, but the upside is just way better when you're in a level, when you're in a higher level opportunity than your skill level. Um, or they're equal, right?

And so the takeaway that I get from this is I don't just obsess over leveling up my skills. I'm always equally focusing on how can I plug that skill into the right markets, into the right vehicles, um, and into the right opportunities. 'cause again, great skills in the wrong lane, equal wasted effort, but decent skills in the right lane equal exponential results. So key takeaway is the biggest results come from pairing high level skills with high level opportunities. Always evaluate, not just how good am I, but how good is the opportunity?

Um, you know, that I'm playing in that make sense? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Got it. I think it, uh, the opportunity really ties and, and is what Paul, uh, sorry, Todd talked about the, the economics of the business.

It's like there's so many things out there that just don't have the margin and people end up buying themselves a job. And, um, and I think another thing which I learned from Perry Marshall, it's, it's a growth market. Like, if it's not a growing 'cause, that's where the ride, that's the opportunity. The rising tide will carry you even if you're not very good. But if it's contracting, you know, it's like in the examples video versus streaming, it's like there's no video shops out there.

Uh, they're giving them away or they're all knocked down now. Um, yeah. Yeah. So opportunity is, is huge. And understanding the economics that there is margin and profit and growth available, uh, because it's just not in so many perceived opportunities.

Yeah. And I think, you know, sometimes I think what happens, again, going back to that, that faulty thinking is, you know, sometimes someone can become so attached to an idea or they've invested so much time, money, energy, resources into one specific thing that they just don't wanna face the reality that that's not, so they're, they're, they're lying to themselves and they're trying to convince themselves that it's actually a good opportunity when in reality it's not. But they're just, they're deceiving themselves. They have blinders on. They just don't wanna face that reality.

Yeah. Yeah. And that's, I mean, that's our bias and filters, we're dis discounting anything that's negative. And I think that's, uh, I mean, my example say with investing, but people make, and me included, lots of bad choices when they filter out the, and don't get feedback from other people. Uh, you know, am I doing the right thing?

Is this a good idea? Can you see the value in it? Um, it's like, I'm gonna make this work, uh, no matter what. And that's, that's like a race to the bottom often, I think. Yeah, absolutely.

It's, it's, it's, it's true. And you know, one other thing that I would, I would add to this is, which Todd has talked about, which is a shift that he made, which is becoming a better entrepreneur as opposed to becoming a better marketer. And so like marketing is a skillset uh, a sub, a sub skillset kind of underneath being a great entrepreneur, um, versus being a great entrepreneur. And so, like, I definitely fell victim to that for many years, thinking that like, I'm always just, you know, there's a, there's a famous copywriter by the name of Gary Halbert who passed away and he always is like, his tagline was, you're only one sales letter away. Right?

And then Russell Brunson took that and adapted it to ClickFunnels by saying like, you're only one funnel away. And I've always had that, I've always had that mindset, like, I'm always just one sales letter away. I'm one campaign away. I can, I can copyright myself. I can market my way out of any jam.

I can market my way into any, um, income that I want, that I want to get to. Um, I can always play the A-O-V-C-P-A game. I can always maximize my A OVI can always enhance the campaign. Um, and but the reality is, is that like, while it's not, it's, it's not that those skills are not valuable, but they're really just one piece of the entire puzzle of, you know, we know Todd and I know plenty of great marketers that are, that don't have a lot of money that are still working till this day to pay the bills just because they never transitioned from that mindset of being, like everything was about honing that craft of being a great marketer. But again, if you don't have the higher level strategic thinking skills that come with being an entrepreneur, right?

This like being a great marketer is just only one part of that, of that equation, right? So like, just a simple example, like what you talked about before as economics, like you could be a great marketer, meaning like you are getting, um, you get crazy high conversion rates on your sales letters and you get, um, you know, you get crazy, um, crazy engagement on your ads and your click through rates are through the roof and your cost per click is down. And you've nailed all that stuff. And maybe even you've nailed the CPA to a OV game where like you are acquiring customers at break even, right? Like that's the holy grail and you've done it, but you lack the skillset of backend, of building a backend that truly grows your company.

You don't really know what your monetization window is. You're never able to the point where you're able to scale your, uh, acquisition aggression to where you're actually able to lose money on the front end because you have a long-term understanding and vision of the business and you know what the LTV is and you know how much money you're gonna actually make in 30 days as a result of going negative on the front end. You don't understand operations. You don't understand how to hire people. You don't understand, um, how to grow in terms of what new solutions you could be offering to your prospects and to your customers to grow the business.

'cause you're just so fixated on this one realm of the business, um, which is marketing. And so that I would say is like the seventh skill that, uh, the seventh lesson that I've learned is like how to transition from just thinking always on a marketing level to thinking on an entrepreneurial level. And, um, and I'll be completely honest, that's, that's a, I'm a work in progress when it comes to that. And that's why, you know, I'm, I feel lucky and fortunate that I have people like Todd and like Damien, um, our other partner around me who have that kind of higher level thinking, um, to help me. Cool.

Cool. Um, anything else? Any other questions, comments? Uh, no. No.

I think it's been, uh, you know, just really useful info and um, yeah. Good, good job putting it together. Cool man. Good stuff. Um, so I'll send you out, um, I'll send you out in a couple of, uh, so, and then I should have everything ready by tomorrow or the day after at the latest.

I'll send you an access link to jump onto that workshop. It is gonna be at 12:00 PM Eastern, so you'll probably have to just watch the, uh, recording. But I think it'll be super valuable for you. And like I said, because you're part of this, you get access to it. Yeah.

Cool. Cool. Chris. Uh, so look man, it was great seeing you again. Um, keep me posted, man, on what's going on with your, uh, campaign.

I'm super excited for you guys. Yeah, yeah, I will. And I'll, uh, you know, I'm sure I'll have a lot more questions, uh, coming up. Um, yeah. And nice, nice to have one-on-one, uh, um, today.

Uh, and I'll, yeah, I'll be, be there next week, uh, next Friday or for me Thursday for you. Yep. Alright, buddy. Sounds cool. It's good to see you again.

You too. Have a good evening. Thanks again, Paul. Bye-bye. See you.
