---
title: "Feb 2018"
date: 2018-03-03
duration: 1h 22m
duration_seconds: 4979
vimeo_id: 258407875
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Feb 2018

**Date:** 2018-03-03 | **Duration:** 1h 22m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Hey, everybody, this is David with Acquire and Monetize. Happy to have everybody here with us on this Monday live Q&A session. We're going to talk about something that I think is what, and I apologize,
I don't have a gender-neutral version of this expression,
but I think this is what separates the men from the boys when it comes to marketing. And that is a difference between writing features and writing benefits. And creating and expressing benefits in a way that you can continue to talk about that feature
so that it hits the emotional piece that really attracts the prospect.

Now, in saying that, what I want to let everybody know here on the call is that Todd will not be joining us today. Todd, in fact, he's not feeling too good. From what I understand, I just found this out about 20 minutes ago. He heard his back, so I hope he's all right. I don't know much about it other than what I just mentioned to you.

But Todd is not going to be joining us today. But I am joined here by Tamalia, and I will be talking hopefully here. Damien is going to hop on the call with us as well. So get a treat because this would be, in fact, the first time that I believe that Damien is
is or has been on the call with us. So super excited to have Damien on.

As you all know, Damien is Todd's partner. And Damien is, he basically, you know, he runs, he keeps us all in check and runs the company. And I learned and really cut my teeth, you know, in marketing with a lot of help and guidance from Damien as well. So super excited to have Damien on the call here with us and also Tamalia. Tamalia, can you hear me okay?

Yeah, happy Monday. And I'm excited for Damien to be on this call as well. He's amazing. Yeah, he is. And Damien, are you with us by any chance?

Can you hear us okay? I don't know if he can or not. Either way, what we're going to do here, and we'll just wait for Damien. Oh, Damien says I need to unmute him. Tamalia, can you see if you can figure that out while we just keep rocking and rolling here?

You betcha. So what we're going to talk today about is creating and crafting benefits for the features in your marketing. And I'm going to bring up, I had a friend of mine who submitted a website to me,
and he asked me if I could do a review for him on this website. We're going to take a look at this website. We're going to talk about some of the features that he's expressed on the website.

And we're also going to have some opportunity for everybody here on the call to respond back as well. And let us know whether or not they think it is, in fact, a feature or a benefit,
and if it's only a feature, what they would do in order to create and craft additional benefit. We're going to talk about that. But here's what I want to say. Real quick.

Go ahead. Is Damien on under his own name? He is, but I believe he is on just on the phone call. I don't think he is logged in by a computer. So here is what we're going to take a look at.

This website, we're going to talk about the difference between whether or not we're seeing features or benefits. Now, Todd taught me this, which was taught to him by Clayton Makepeace,
that I think is extremely important to note when it comes to benefits, that we really want to talk about benefits,
not only from an emotional context, but we also want to talk about benefits from a dimensionalized context. And what we mean by that, and this is very important to note, when we talk about an emotional benefit,
we're really talking about how that appeals to the heart, not just the mind. That's what the functional benefit is for. But the emotional benefit is really talking to the heart.

And then when we talk about the dimensionalized benefit, we want to put the prospect in the shoes or in the perspective of what that benefit does for them
and how that affects their life and how that gives them the opportunity to kind of really envision how this benefit is going to affect them in a more positive way. So, again, we're going to talk about functional benefits, emotional benefits, and then dimensionalized benefits. So, super excited to talk about that. Now, this topic came, my buddy Jared, who I had a conversation with last week, had said,
you know, I'd really like to talk about different ways that we can see how Todd expands on his benefit,
I'm sorry, on the benefits from the feature, like a single feature. And Todd and I talked about in one of our videos where we were talking, you know, about a number two pencil
and giving the number two pencil to a number of folks and having them, you know,
just kind of talk about the different benefits of that number two pencil.

And you'd be amazed to see how many different benefits you can come out of or you can take from just one feature,
just like of the number two pencil. But I think Damien is ready to go. Damien, are you there, buddy? I'm here. I appreciate you.

You're having me. Can you hear me okay, David? Yeah, we can hear you great, buddy. Cool. So, welcome all the A&M folks.

Excited to be here and to sit in while Todd is out and be a part of today's Q&A, which I know is going to be amazing. David, you know, we talk so much, you know, the difference between feature and benefit selling
and how to really, you know, showcase the benefits in our copywriting and our headlines
and our email copy and our messaging. And so, I'm just excited to be here, excited to add value for all the members here, answer some questions. And really getting into it because, like you said, I mean, that's really the art of great copywriting and great marketing. It's being able to take something that you go, well, it's just a cup.

It's just a pencil. It's just a journal. All it does is one thing and really being able to, as Todd says, dimensionalize it and bring different aspects of that benefit,
not only different types of ways that that could be a direct benefit to your prospect to drive more sales,
to get them to get excited, but also different dimensions to that actual benefit as well. So, thank you for being here, man. And I'm going to mute myself, but I'm here and ready to jump in and be a part of this call today.

Awesome. I'm super excited to have Damien here. If you're just joining us, again, Todd is not going to be able to join us today because he is not feeling very well. I'll have to get some more information for everybody so that they know. But as far as I know, Damien had mentioned that he's doing okay.

He's just a little bit under the weather. I guess there was something with his back, I think Damien mentioned. Yeah, he has an old back injury that just flared up a bunch, and so he just is not in moving condition today. But he's healthy, fine, and on the mend. And I know a lot of folks on here know Todd very well.

And just as Damien and I know Todd, if there is something that's keeping Todd away from the desk,
you know that it's got to be pretty intense because nothing really keeps him away from the desk. So definitely keep him in your prayers and your well wishes as well. But we'll get you more information on that. But Damien is on the call here. He's live with us, and I don't think he can see my screen.

Damien, you can confirm that or not. But what I'm going to do here is I'm going to do it. No, I can see everything perfectly. I see one pocket-sized journal. Awesome.

Awesome. Very cool. All right, so this was submitted to me, a buddy of mine. I have, like, this co-working space here in Florida. And a friend of mine asked me to take a look at his page and talk to him a little bit about what he can do,
what he can improve on and change for this sales page here.

And we're not going to talk about, you know, buy buttons and all that stuff. We're not really going to talk about that. What I want to talk about really is the features versus the benefits on this page. We're going to talk about where we can improve on some of the features that we're going to see on this page
and how we can really take one particular feature, and we can really craft three different types of benefits from that. Again, functional, emotional, and dimensionalized.

And that's, again, you know, if you read Todd's copy, this is what I find so interesting. When I first really started with Todd, he can say, you know, or give benefits about a particular feature
and say it maybe three, four, five different ways. But he's really saying, and I want to say the exact same thing, but he's saying very close to the same thing. But he's saying it different ways to attach the different emotional pieces of the way that that benefit,
or I'm sorry, where that feature is going to affect that person. And that's really important.

And you really want to look at when you're crafting benefits,
think about the core dominant emotion that the prospect is buying from. You know, we've already identified the core dominant emotion inside of our big idea. We've already identified that. How can we attach a benefit in order to appeal to that core dominant buying emotion? That's really what you want to think about, because that is what's going to hit him in the heart.

You convince with the head, and then, you know, you finesse and, you know,
really kind of push him over the edge with the heart. And that's how we're going to look at this page here. So, again, we're just going to do a critique of this page. And I'd like to have some folks here jump in with me. I'm going to ask some questions here about this.

And one of the things I want to note, and this has always stuck with me from the apprenticeship program,
in identifying whether or not something is a feature versus a benefit. And in the apprenticeship program, and I remember Tamalia, you could probably attest to this,
because she was one of the original apprentices on the call where Todd, you know, like I was pumped,
because in sales, I used to do this with my sales guys. I would say, okay, tell me if this is a feature or a benefit. And then Todd, you know, brought it to me one day, and he's like, all right,
we're going to go over features versus benefits. And I was like, man, I got this.

This is, you know, I can tell if this is a feature or a benefit right off the bat. Do you remember that, Tamalia? I don't know if you remember that or not. Oh, yeah. I remember the whole conversation about features and benefits pretty clearly.

So Todd brought it, and he said, okay, is this a feature or is this a benefit? And I would, and I think I got like 9 out of 10 wrong. But anyway, here's the litmus test when it comes to a feature versus benefit. All right? And you might want to write this down.

But a feature, we're talking specifically about a product, a feature is a fact about the product. So if I can say that, like, this is without a doubt a fact about this product, it is, in fact, a feature. It's not a benefit. What I think that a lot of folks, where they fail is that, and I don't mean fail, but where they fall short is a lot of times we think a feature is, in fact, a benefit just because we're so close to the product. We're so intimately intertwined with this product that we look at it, and we can, the curse of knowledge gets us because we see this feature, and we can, in our minds, visualize and express what the benefit is.

But, in fact, it really isn't a benefit. It's a feature. And I think, if you don't mind, David, I think the other thing that we fall into a trap where we assume that it's obvious what the benefit of that would be. But you totally have to make the connection for people, and don't make them work. Don't burn too many brain calories, as I've heard someone say before, trying to figure it out.

You have to tell them, even if you think that they should already know what the benefit of that thing is. Extremely well said. And that's – go ahead, Demi. I'm sorry. Yeah, no, I was going to say that.

That was brilliantly said, Tamalee. Everybody needs to listen to that. But not making them work. You know, the one thing I wanted to add to that, David, is I think one way, you know, when you said a fact, one way I would look at it is the objective versus the subjective, right? The objective, you know, things about your product, your offer, your product, your service, your solution that are objective, right?

You know, these marshmallow foam curlers are 10 times softer than cotton, right? And it's a fact of what that thing is. It's an objective statement that an outsider can look, point to it, do a test, do an examination, and say, this is true. This has, you know, three additional handles on it. Like, these are just facts.

But then objective statements as opposed to subjective, well, what is the value that comes out of that? And that's where, for me, that's how I look at the machine, you know, features versus benefits. And like Pamela said, you can't just assume that something that's a feature, a feature is never a benefit. It never has it. It's always the value is always in the benefit, always painting the picture of how this is going to add value and make somebody's life better.

So, so great. Yeah. And, man, this is a great discussion that we're going through today. And I, again, I just appreciate, you know, the feedback from everybody on here, really. And as we're going through these, and you're going to see, I think, using that litmus test, if it's objective or subjective, we can be able to determine very quickly, you know, if it is a feature or a benefit.

And we really want to be able in our copy, in our marketing, is to kind of just put our prospect in a day in the life of using this. How does that, you know, what is that going to do for them? How is that going to change their life? Show them. So, sometimes we have to show them.

And Tamalee is, you know, dead on saying that, you know, we just assume because we have that personality, not to anybody's fault, I do it too, because we get so close to something that we think that a feature that we're expressing is, in fact, a benefit when it's not. So, having said that, let's take a look here. And, again, I want to scroll down. We're not talking about, you know, copy and stuff here. But here's what I wanted to show you here.

Right? So, this is a journal. Just to give you an idea, again, it's my buddy who created this journal. So, and here we have a list here. And I'm just curious what to see or to see what everybody says here, right?

So, here, check-in daily. Use a page from your Basecamp every single day so you stay organized and on track. So, let's get some feedback from the community. Feature or benefit? Let's see.

Just type in the questions, feature or benefit. Check-in daily. Use a page from your Basecamp every single day so you stay organized and on track. Edward says feature. Let's see.

Janet says benefit. Nicolaj says feature. Edward sounds a little bit of both. Okay. Anybody else?

Let's see here. Okay. All right, cool. So, yeah, we've got, you know, a number of, you know, features versus benefit. Let's take a look, again, at that standard that we said, right?

So, check-in daily. So, use a page from your Basecamp every single day so you stay organized and on track, right? So, there is a little bit of a hint of a benefit there, right? But objectively, we can say that if you use a page from your Basecamp every single day so you stay organized and on track,
the hint of the benefit is that so you stay organized and on track. But what is the benefit of that?

What is the benefit of staying organized and on track? And I'm curious, again, if anybody wants to chime in and type something or family or Damien, if you want to chime in,
what is the benefit of staying organized on track so you don't have to stress? Oh, go ahead, Damien. Yeah. Yeah, I was going to say there's a lot of them, right?

So, you know, no more missing key appointments and deadlines. Perfect. You know, no more feeling overwhelmed like your day is getting away from you even before it began. Might be a couple different benefits I would think of. That's great.

Exactly right. Feeling accomplished. I think that's a big one is people wanting to feel like they actually accomplished something at the end of the day. So, that would be one thing. Absolutely.

And, again, what Tamalia and Damien are doing there, they're taking a look at some of the emotions that go into what is the problem that I face when I'm not organized and I'm not on track, right? How does that make me feel when I'm not organized and on track? What is the result of not being organized or on track? Think about those things, right? You know, so when we talk about a feature, and, you know, again, this is really important because this is, in fact, a sales page.

Again, you know, we're not going to talk about, you know, the format of this, but this is, in fact, doing all the heavy lifting. If this page is doing the heavy lifting, and we see here, use a page from your base camp every single day so you can stay organized and on track. Is it a fact that if I use the base camp every single day that I'll stay organized and on track? In fact, I guess, you know, that can go either way. But always ask yourself, when you think you've written down a benefit, what is the benefit of that?

And then ask yourself again, what is the benefit of that? And then what is the benefit of that? Keep going down. And as you go down, you're going to find, and just in talking about it, where Tamalia and Damien and I were talking,
Nicolaj says, so you'll feel motivated and you'll never forget what you have to do, right? You know, these are the ways that you want to think about when you're crafting your features and your benefits.

You want to really, like, the benefits are what's going to make somebody push them over the edge when it comes to making a buying decision. Because if we, let's just say, again, we knew the emotion was, you know, fear of missing an appointment, right? If that were the case, right? Like, I mean, you know, a journal because I fear that, you know, like, I have this thing where I, you know, I have nightmares about, you know, about missing appointments or whatever the case is, right? If that's the core emotion, I'm not saying it is, but if it were, then we would want to attach an emotional benefit to that.

Now, the dimensionalized benefit, and this is, I'm not so sure you'd be able to kind of fit this in here in this format, but when we're writing copy, we would. We would say something like, and just imagine what your life would feel like if you knew that you were organized and you knew that every single moment of every single day was planned out for you and you didn't ever have to worry again about missing an appointment. And you didn't ever have to fear, you know, walking into a meeting late and have, you know, whatever the, you know, the owner of a project call you out for being late, right? You know, so that's really what you want to think about. So functional benefits, emotional benefits, dimensionalized benefits.

So great job with that one. So let's take a look at the next one here. Plan and execute. We all have a schedule. Plan your day ahead of time.

Hey, David. David. Yeah. You said something really, really good that I just want to springboard off of when you said, you know, dimensionalize, you know, the benefit and then ask what's the benefit of that. And I think that's where a lot of novice copywriters and marketers stop is they'll just say, okay, well, the benefit of the benefit of that is you'll be more productive, right?

Finally, get more stuff done. And it's like, okay, I've kind of heard that. It's like, well, what's the benefit of that? Well, the benefit of that is, you know, you could finish your projects earlier and have more free time with your family. What's the benefit?

You know, like, you know, have your colleagues looking at you wondering how you're so productive and how you're, you know, jumping ahead for every promotion and, you know, like really taking it to the next level, right? Not just giving them the humdrum vanilla like, okay, well, the feature is that it organizes your day. The benefit is you're more productive or you won't forget important things. But even what you said, right, you know, no more showing up to meetings late, disoriented, and not being able to add value and shine because you've lost track of your day yet again. Like that's so much more impactful than just saying, you know, finally be more organized.

Such a great, you know, thank you for that, Damien. So, I mean, you know, again, I hope everybody sees the power of what Damien just said because when we're talking about the benefits and we're talking about, you know, just kind of visualizing, writing copy and, you know, Gene Schwartz, we talked about this in his book, in The Brilliant Breakthrough, is really, it's a lot of, you know, he describes two words, right? You know, the connecting words and the picture words. And we're trying to paint that picture inside of the mind of the prospect and we're painting the picture, you know, of them being on time when their core emotion is not being time and not just being on time, but, you know, having everybody in the room look at you and wonder, you know, why is this guy late again, you know, or, you know, feeling disorganized and having somebody call you out because you don't have the answers to the questions that you were supposed to have, that type of thing. You know, and putting the prospect and dimensionalizing what life would look like because of that exact feature is really where the heavy lifting in the copy is done.

It really is. If you can get somebody to, if you can put somebody inside of one of those scenarios and you can peg them on one of those scenarios and they're thinking, how does this guy or woman know me so well? How do they know me so well? You've got to sell, right? You've got to sell.

And that's what you want to think about when it comes to writing and crafting your features and your benefits. I think Nikolaj has it nailed right there. He says, stay organized so your spouse will never yell at you for forgetting the milk. I think that's perfect. Yeah, that's a great example, right?

So your spouse doesn't say yet again, like, you never keep track of stuff. Why do I always have to remind you? Because it's a real thing. And I think, like, another way of saying that, David, in terms of, like, what's the benefit of the benefit? It's like all great storytelling is in the details, right?

It's in the details of the story. And I remember when Todd first launched 6FF and one of the things he said, you know, you're going to build your business. And he could have just said, hey, increase your income. And, you know, that's mentioned in the marketing message. But the thing he said a couple of times, he said, like, no more going to the restaurant and looking over at the right-hand column before you order.

And to me, that was just such a – because I've done that before. There's been a chapter in my life where I would do something like that and look at a menu. And to me, like, adding that really specific – you know, more than, hey, have extra cash that you can do the things you enjoy. Anybody can say that. But when you tell something that just hits home in that emotional thing, you need to go, like, wow, I felt that before.

That's a real thing. It's just so much more impactful in your marketing. So true. Awesome, awesome points. And, again, when we say impactful, that means, what, higher conversions, right?

What's the benefit of being impactful is that we can see the conversions go up. We can see a lot more lives change. We can see things done with our marketing that we would have never seen before. So I think that those are all great points. So let's take a look at the next one.

Oh, go ahead. You're good, man. You're doing a great job. Yeah. Awesome.

All right, next one is plan and execute. We all have a schedule. Plan your day ahead of time and just follow the map for an easier hustle. So plan your day ahead of time and just follow the map for an easier hustle. So what do we think, feature or benefit?

Janet says feature. I think this one falls in the same category, right? I mean, it's kind of mostly a feature with a hint of a benefit, but it's not very – certainly
I'm going to call this benefit-rich, in my opinion. Great way to say it, right? So same thing.

We see a feature, like pretty objective, right? We all have a schedule, right? Plan your day ahead of time and just follow the map, right? That's all – it's all objective. And then an easier hustle, right?

An easier hustle. That's just the kind of – it gives like a last-minute shout-out to the benefit, right? And you really want to spend more time on the benefit than you do on the feature. So you definitely don't want to be just giving like a last-minute, end-of-the-line shout-out as the benefit. You really want to dig deep into that benefit and say right here, what are the benefits to planning your schedule ahead of time?

And having – and this is, again, you know, this is deviating a little bit from the future, but this occurs as the benefit. But when we're talking about copywriting and we're talking about something that's going to change our lives, we really want that something to be doing the work for us. In other words, here it's telling us to just follow the map, right, so versus plan your day ahead of time and have your map, you know, plan your day for you, right? Something like that, right? Have your map show you exactly where you need to be and when.

Have the map – you know, put the burden on the map doing the heavy lifting. But an easier hustle is, again, a last-minute shout-out. So what would be a benefit of having –
to, you know, look at to know where you have to be and when you have to be, whatever the case is, right? So what are the benefits of that? And a benefit might be, you know, again, so you don't have 12 different schedules to worry about.

And if you don't have 12 different schedules to worry about, you're not constantly logging into different programs and worrying if something gets missed. You know, that's how we would kind of stretch this out a little bit. And just imagine what life – and imagine how you'd feel knowing that you only have, you know, one thing to look at every single day versus a dozen things to look at. So that's, you know, kind of, you know, where you would want to extend this benefit portion of this feature,
which we get a last-minute shout-out for here where it says easier hustle. I also like the idea of, like, you know, decision fatigue.

So, you know, famously, Steve Jobs wore the same thing every single day because he didn't have to make decisions about things that didn't matter. Well, if you have your plan already made, then now you just execute it and save all your brainpower for that as opposed to figuring out what you're going to do throughout the day. Great. Yep, absolutely. I love it.

I love it. And I think this is a great example, and that's a great benefit right there, Tamalea, about how a single component, right? The component is that, you know, the feature is, okay, this thing lets you plan your day ahead of time. And Tamalea comes up with a benefit, and she says, okay, you're not going to waste all this precious energy trying to make unnecessary decisions every day,
starting your day exhausted because you're not even sure what to do. So that's one aspect, but another aspect can be, hey, like, finally have a roadmap so you're not, you know,
you're not stressed out fighting fire to fire all day long, you know, like, finally break that pattern of fighting fires all day long.

Like, that's a different aspect, right? It's a benefit of the same feature, which is having a planned out map for your day,
but it's a very different benefit from the one that she mentioned. Yep, absolutely right. Yep, absolutely. Awesome.

All right, let's move on to the next one here. So build powerful habits. Kaizen habits are, yeah, and again, we're not talking about copy here because, you know,
if we were to talk about copy, you know, there would be a lot more heavy lifting here to explain exactly what we're talking about with that,
you know, to get to this point, but forget the copy for a moment. Let's just look at the features and the benefits. So Kaizen habits are easy daily tasks that stack on each other and lead to huge results over time.

So let's see what everybody thinks here, feature or benefit. So Kaizen habits are easy daily tasks that stack on each other and lead to huge results over time. Edward says feature. Nikolaj, more feature again. Yep, yep, yep, and we're seeing feature, right?

So feature, Janet and Lesia's feature, and this is really, like Damien, you know, said, I guess it's more feature heavy, right, than it is benefit. You know, there's not really even a hint, you know, to the benefit lead to huge results over time. This is where, and again, you know, please take a look at this. This is where, this is what separates really, like, a good marketing campaign from a weak marketing campaign is when we get lazy at the very end and we say lead to huge results over time. That's just a late, that's all that is, is a super lazy, you know, attempt at a benefit.

And I don't mean that in a negative saying that, you know, the person who wrote this got lazy. What I'm saying is that it's just a very, very weak attempt at trying to convince somebody's heart when we've already, you know, tantalized the mind on build powerful habits, right? You know, that's good, but then lead to huge results over time. We would never, and I hope nobody on the call would ever say something like this in their copy, because what does that even mean? What is huge results over time?

I don't even know what that means, right? You got to qualify that for me. But again, so definitely feature heavy, Kaizen habits are easy daily tasks that stack on each other and lead to huge results over time. What does the, what is the benefit of creating these habits, these easy daily tasks that stack on each other? What is the benefit of that?

And I'll be honest, just reading this, I don't know the answer to that. I would really want to obviously talk to the author or the writer of this to kind of, to, to dig in a little bit, to figure out what does that mean that they stack on each other? I don't know what that even means. Why is that a benefit? And that's what I would ask, you know, why would I, who cares?

Who cares that they stack on each other? Ask that question often, who cares? And then, and then we would try to really dig down a little bit deeper on that. Damien or Tamalee, anything you want to add to that before we move on to the, to the next one? No, it was great.

Cool. All right. So, so keep your fire alive. Ignite your spirit with few daily minutes dedicated to gratitude, vision, and helping others, right? So ignite your spirit with a few daily minutes dedicated to gratitude, vision, and helping others.

Feature or benefit? Let's see what folks say. And Edward, just as, as we're looking at, so Janet says feature, Alessia says benefit. But real quick, Edward says, is good, is good copywriting be able to write out all these features into benefits? What, what I would say to that, Edward, is that, is that you would never, you would never see a good copywriter craft a message that isn't heavy on the benefits.

That doesn't really paint a picture for the prospect on what life would look like if those benefits were acting in, or they were acting out in their life. So, so you would really want to make sure that, you know, again, you know, when we're talking about good copywriting versus bad copywriting, read a lot of copy, you know, read a lot of good copy, copy that you know that is, you're written by somebody that's qualified to write good copy. You will see inevitably, you know, the benefits coming through, and you'll, and you'll see how you're putting yourself and you're positioning yourself inside of that story. So that the benefit, how did these benefits affect me and my life? So I would say to answer your question, that, that, you know, creating and crafting, you know, not just functional, but emotional, dimensionalized benefits is something that you definitely need in order to be considered a successful and good copywriter.

So David, I would add to that, that, um, as Todd always teaches CPB chunks, right? Claim proof benefit. And it's one claim, two proofs and three benefits. And the three benefits are what we were just talking about, functional, dimensionalized, and then emotional. And that is the whole context of a marketing message or a sales messages.

You make a claim about something, you need to prove that. And then the final piece is exactly what you're doing right now with these things is turning them into those dimensionalized and emotional benefits. Yep. Great, great, great point. Yep.

And exactly right. You, you see what Tamalia just mentioned there, and this is coming from, you know, the E5, uh, you know, method. If you don't, uh, if you don't have the E5, um, program, that's really what Tamalia is talking to is in CPB chunks. So as we're writing our copy, we're going to make a claim about, um, about what it is that we're offering, obviously not in the offer section yet, but we're making a claim, um, about what it is that we're talking about. Then we're going to show proof, and then we're going to show more benefit than any of the claim or proof section.

We're going to show more benefits there. So that's where, um, that's where the decisions, that's where we're starting to, if you just picture two scales, that's where the scale starts to tip. In your favor, is that, um, is that in fact, um, you know, that that's where it occurs, is in the benefit section. So keep your fire alive, ignite your spirit with a few daily minutes dedicated to gratitude, vision, and helping others. If we can objectively say that this is, um, something that would happen because of, of this journal, then this is pure feature, right?

This is a pure, uh, feature. There's, it's not very benefit driven, um, at all. So really, what does this mean to, uh, ignite your spirit with a few daily minutes dedicated? So, and, and helping others, what are the benefits? The benefit, uh, what is the benefit of, of, um, gratitude and vision and helping others?

What are the benefits of that? The benefits of, you know, I think of when we're talking about helping others, what are the benefits of helping others? You know, so you can, you know, so you can feel, um, proud that, you know, not all of your time is spent in just furthering, you know, your, your, um, your business. It's in your entrepreneurial drive, but you're also helping others. And what that does is, you know, and he, here uses the word ignite, ignites your spirit, but there's, we would just keep digging down and digging down.

What is the benefit of that? What is the benefit of that? What is the benefit of that? And then we're going to get to a point where we could say, I, I don't have any more, but then take a look at that. What are, what are, what does that do for me?

Why does, um, dedicating, um, you know, minutes to gratitude, vision, helping others, what does that do for my life? Does that, does that make me feel empowered? Does that, um, does that translate into, um, you know, a healthier lifestyle, you know, for me? Because, um, because I, because I now feel empowered because of that. You really have to keep asking yourself, well, what is the benefit of that?

Well, what is the benefit of that? And ultimately, you know, I hope that, you know, at, at least, you know, because when Jared and I were talking, um, you know, he was saying, well, how do you really, you know, continue and how does Todd continue to create so many good, you know, benefits off of just one feature? And the way is we keep asking, what is the benefit of that? Right. And I promise you, it's very hard to get to the end of that rabbit trail and you'll come up with some really great benefits as you're going down, uh, as you're going down that.

So hang on one second. Um, so, so Leslie says, wait, it is emotional for someone to ignite their spirit. I don't disagree with you there, Leslie, but what does that actually mean? I'm not even sure what that means. When you say to ignite my spirit, what does that really mean?

Um, so, so when we're talking about, you know, the benefit, it's gotta be something that I understand. And then I get right away. I don't have any idea what it means to ignite my spirit. Um, so that, and maybe, you know, there is an audience that, that, that is more appropriate for that does know what that means. I don't know what that means.

So, um, so really show me what is the benefit of igniting my spirit. And that might become a little more clear for me. If you explain that. Damien, uh, Tamalee, anything you guys want to add to that before I move on? I think it's just the great to emphasize that what's the benefit of that and what's the benefit of that.

It's like using the root cause analysis to, you know, a benefit discovery, which is amazing. The root cause analysis. Look at you. Oh, IBM. That's my IBM life.

Very cool. All right. So we're going to move on to the next one here. So improve your nutrition by keeping track of your daily food. You'll make better choices for more strength and more energy.

Feature or benefit. Okay. Let's see. Janet says benefit. Edward says benefit.

Benefit. All right. So we see a lot of folks saying benefit here. Let's, let's ask ourselves, right? Um, is this a fact of the product?

And this is somewhat subjective, right? Because if you say, if, if we said, um, objectively, like if you use this journal, if you, if you objectively, you know,
if we can objectively say that, um, you're going to make better choices, um, that's a hard one to peg, right? It's hard one to say that just by using this, you're going to make, you're going to make better choices. But what is the benefit of that? What is the benefit of making better choices for strength and energy so that you don't feel weak walking up a set of stairs?

So you don't cringe when, um, when, uh, when your son asks you to go play, you know, um, play baseball because, um, you don't, you know, you don't, you don't have any energy. And, and imagine what it would, imagine what it would be like if you woke up in the morning refreshed and excited to get the day started solely because you've made better, um, you've made better choices with your, um, with tracking your daily food. So that's how I would dimensionalize it. Right. And the emotional, um, piece of it really, again, you know, like it, there's so much we could say here with improving your nutrition.

I'm sure Tamalia has a hundred of them, but that's what she does. But, um, you know, when, when, when you improve your nutrition, there's so many emotional pieces that we could attach ourselves to, um, to say like, this is just here. This is, um, um, so weak in so many cases on an opportunity to really drive the point home here. Right. You know, because, uh, look, when it comes to making the right nutrition, um, you know, uh, we can make so many claims on that.

But when it comes to making the right choices for nutrition, um, you know, often we are, um, often we decide to make the wrong choices and imagine what it would be like if you had an objective standard that you knew that you couldn't deviate from, and it was doing all the heavy lifting for you. And you don't have to worry about making those choices every single day for the rest of your life. And you don't have to stress about whether or not you can have that extra cupcake or cookie or whatever the case is. And you don't have to, you don't have to, you know, like there's so much we can do there, uh, that, that, you know, again, you know, there is somewhat of a subjectivity here, but this is super weak on an area that, gosh, we could really dig deep into the benefit here. We could really hit the emotional components and we could really, um, very easily dimensionalize what life would be like just on this quick, it's just a feature.

It's really, I mean, it's just boom, boom, boom. I know again, you know, it kind of deviates a little bit because there, it is somewhat subjective because how are we sure that you're going to make better choices, but super weak attempt. It's a, it's a weak attempt at a benefit that has so much opportunity to be a huge benefit that will really win, um, win the conversation and get the prospect to make a, make a buying decision. Tamely, I know you're probably itching to say something on that because I know that nutrition is, uh, is your wheelhouse. Um, uh, well, just a couple of things.

One thing I thought of is like, you know, a lot of times when I ask people, why do you want to lose weight? They don't themselves know how to verbalize it. Um, I think that, I think that it's in there somewhere, but they always start out with like, well, I want to get healthier. Okay, well, what does that mean? Right.

What does that mean to you? So having, having this conversation as a marketer and coming, trying to help them come to those conclusions on what the benefit would be, um, is, is very helpful. The other thing I was going to say is that, and now I don't know who developed this and, you know, but there's a million different journals and trackers and, you know, planning systems. If you, if you want to be an excellent marketer, if you really want to stand above the rest in your results, you could sell the same thing someone else is selling. And if you just take it a step or two further with describing the benefits, think about how much further along you are, because now you're connecting to exactly what the people you're selling to want.

Somebody else could be selling the exact same thing and just not take it as far as you are, as far as explaining the benefits. And they lose that connection and that strong sales push with their customer. Does that make sense? Totally does. Yeah, no, it totally makes sense.

And I'm curious when you ask that question, what do you find, you know, um, when you ask folks like, you know, why do you want to get healthy? What are some of the reasons that they give you, like, what do they tell you when they say, I want to get healthy because what, how do they respond? Oh, well, it takes, it takes some time. And then I have to ask questions like, what, what are you not doing now that you, that you wish you could be doing? Or how, how do you see your life differently in six months if you do lose the weight, right?

And really try to get them to visualize more of what they want to do instead of just, they want to get healthier. Cause usually it's connected to what they want to do, like crawl around on the floor with their grandkids or go on vacations and not get tired walking down the beach. Um, and then the other half of that really, when they say I want to get healthy, they really mean they just want to feel good about themselves. And a lot of times that has to do with outwards appearance. Gotcha.

So it's more of a, it's more of a, just a physical like, um, attraction or attractiveness, I guess is what they're, is what they're after. I think that's 50% of it. I think the other 50% is that they truly want to be able to do things like, um, like you were describing earlier. Like don't, they don't get out of breath when they walk up the stairs. They don't feel like they can't keep up with other people or, you know, they don't want to go home and have to take a nap before they do the rest of the stuff that they have to do for the day.

Yeah. I think it's difficult. Very cool. Awesome. Um, so, uh, and I hope this has helped for everybody.

And Edward says here, uh, and, and as everybody knows, this is a live Q and a, you get the opportunity to ask,
whatever questions you want. Um, we're joined here with Tamalia and Damien today. Um, I'm super excited to have both Tamalia and Damien on. I've learned so much from both Tamalia and Damien. Damien was one of my early mentors when it comes to marketing.

Um, in addition to Todd, I know that, that Damien is kind of behind the scenes quite a bit, but he, uh, you know, he's someone who's been very influential in me and, um, in helping me in my, in my marketing journey. So super excited to have, have him on here, um, as well, but let's keep moving on. Oh, I'm sorry. So, so Edward says this, uh, David does specificity in writing generally improve the benefit of a product. So, um, I, I wouldn't use the word specificity when we're talking about specificity.

Um, and we're really talking about like, um, you know, uh, like, like, uh, like, for example, like a promise, if we're making a promise, we're talking about specificity, um, in, in, in making a promise to somebody, you know, and that's, that comes through a lot when we're talking about, you know, um, you know, making a claim. And if we're making a claim, that's where we want to see the specificity come through and a benefit, we're really trying to touch on the heart aspect of it. So when we're writing copy, there are two things. We want to focus on the brain. We also want to focus on the heart.

Heart is where all the decisions are made. We're talking about specificity. That's where we're trying to, um, to bring them in on the, on the brain side. And then on the heart, we're really trying to be, um, you know, more emotional. We really want to, to win the heart over.

Um, and then, and then, um, you know, it's amazing, you know, how often once we win that heart over that, uh, and I, unfortunately I see this often where, where marketers can make claims that are just unsubstantiated claims, but because the heart is so won over that it almost doesn't matter whether or not those claims are true. Look, we see it a lot, right? I mean, today, and let's just be honest with the, the, the amount of, uh, means that gosh are coming out on Facebook nowadays with, you know, with the recent gun violence and stuff like that. There are all these, you know, um, claims that are, that people are just blindly following because the, why the heart is tantalized because that fits into their emotional attachment that they have to their side of the argument. Right.

And they see the numbers and those numbers more than I, I, I, I haven't tested this, but I, I would venture to say the majority of time, those numbers, the figures that we see are wrong. But because I'm emotionally attached to a particular side of that argument, I'm just going to blindly believe those numbers because it's my side of the argument. I have an emotional attachment to it. So that's the same with copy. If I have an emotional attachment to something, um, you know, and I'm not saying I would, you know, we always, always make sure that whenever we give or make a claim that those numbers are 100% accurate.

But I see it often that marketers fall short on that where they, they're making a claim, you know, and, uh, and because they're so heavy on the emotional side that even that claim kind of, you know, um, loses, um, it's, uh, not credibility, but it loses its, it's, um, um, like I, I don't, I don't need for that claim to be 100% accurate in order to, um, to move forward because I'm so tantalized by the emotional aspect of it. So I hope that that makes sense, um, Edward. And, uh, let's see here. Keep a log to grow. So rate your day.

And this is the next, you know, kind of a bullet point here. Keep a log to grow, rate your day, monitor how you, how you improved and what you can do better tomorrow. Let's see what everybody says feature or benefit. So rate your day, monitor how you improved and what you can do better, um, tomorrow. The glass says feature.

And I don't think, uh, something's going on with my, my, um, my questions here. I don't think I can see here. Janet says feature. Edward says feature and we benefit in the end. Leslie says all caps feature.

Yeah. This is, uh, this is pure, pure feature, right? Um, pure feature, rate your day, monitor how you can, how you, uh, how you improve and what you can do, um, what you can do better tomorrow. Um, we could certainly extend that. Um, we can extend that, um, you know, to, to talk about what is the benefit of keeping a log.

Why, why, you know, um, what is, and I just, as a side note, from a copy perspective, I would have, you know, these, these, um, you know, uh, head or I guess what, you know, headlines for each one of these bullets would be completely different. Um, you know, it, it would start off with action words, you know, um, like, you know, boost and, um, you know, enhance and, you know, like push, you know, those type of words, you know, um, it, it would, it, it, it, it, here is a decent,
you know build they would all be you know like positive action words um you know uh each one of
these these bullet points here so um having said that and this is really all i wanted to talk to
um today you know again because this kind of so clearly shows how marketers will fall often
into the curse of knowledge and believing that their features are really doing the heavy lifting
of the benefits when they're not they just aren't and there's so much opportunity to um to add to
these so i'm going to open it up for questions does anybody have any questions on features versus
benefits and how we can can how we can continually add on to the benefits and really talk to the heart
matter of the prospect and get them in order you know in a place where once we present to them the
offer that they you know making a buying decision comes rather easy for them because we've so won
over their heart through the benefits and that's the area where we want to win their heart is the
benefits and then the feature you know it's just the start of that conversation the benefits where
we win them over so does anybody have any questions or tamalee or damien um do you uh have anything um
that you'd like to add uh before we handle some of the questions um i just see a question here from janet
and i yep i'd love to answer that when when you get to it yeah great uh damien did you want to say
something no i was going to say let's jump into q a and and i don't know if this follows format or not
but if uh if there are some folks out there that maybe have some specific features of their product
solutions that they want to chat through it might be a little fun and uh invaluable for them to to
workshop some benefits for that would be awesome yeah if folks have you know some some things um about
their product or services that they're not sure if it's a feature or benefit and um you want to have
um i guess us as a panel take a look i would love to go through that exercise if uh if you have the
uh if you guys want to do that so uh having said that tamalee let me read janet's question and
tamalee is going to knock this ball out of the park so janet's question is how do you dimensionalize
benefits for an info product example modules worksheets coaching calls etc is a focus primarily
on the content question mark so tamalee why don't you go ahead yeah so um basically what i would start
with is just why would they buy your product in the first place right what are you selling them what
is the outcome that you're selling them so any any training uh course whatever you want to call it
there's a purpose that they're going to buy that they want an outcome and that's what you're selling
so what you want to sell is the benefits are the benefits of that outcome so uh let's say we're
teaching underwater basket weaving because why not um what is the benefit of learning underwater basket
weaving and how can those different pieces the modules the worksheets the coaching calls
enhance the outcome and therefore the benefit of what it is that they're going to learn
does hopefully that that makes sense but it is really in my mind no different um and my background
is in not only in nutrition but in programming uh education so i worked for a community college
and did programming for all their non-credit stuff and basically what it comes down to is you have to
sell those classes just like you have to sell anything else because people aren't required to take
them so we had to sell the outcome and what the benefit of that outcome was to um the students or the
potential students it and i think i think what's worth observing there from an info product and i mean
it goes for a lot of stuff but specifically in the context here is that you have a feature which is
the the information right the value the valuable information and nuggets that are being shared right
which have their own set of benefits but then you also have features that are related to the delivery
system of your program that have their own benefits so a feature of saying you know this will be
delivered on six thumb drives that are each four games each like who cares right coming up with a
benefit and being able to say hey listen this will be delivered on four thumb drives so they're
accessible anywhere you don't have to use up you know your your uh wi-fi signal you don't have to
worry about this you can watch it on a plane and it never will get erased or lost you could take it
anywhere you know whatever it is so there's also again the features of the delivery of that
information product that then open up a whole realm of benefits that can then be dimensionalized
that's and and you know that goes into because i think what what um what janet you know really kind
of what she was saying is it seems a little bit easier to come up with benefits for physical products
as opposed to to the info products and and and i i totally understand what janet's saying because
that's when you know when i when i um you know i guess when i first you know started with todd that's
kind of like how i i'm very visual so i was able to kind of you know take a look at a physical product
and say okay here's the feature of the physical product um and what damien's saying is that it
doesn't you know it doesn't matter if it's physical or digital what matters is that you know why why does
this make my life easier or better and i it's it's so interesting because when i talk to folks
you know um it like and they tell me something about their product or you know when we're having like a
consulting call they're explaining why this you know you know how this is delivered or whatever
the case is that it's hard for them to see you know um through the woods to figure out why this
feature is important and how we can leverage it you know from a benefit standpoint you know here you
have like um you know the examples are modules worksheets coaching calls all right on on on the
outside looking in we might say well everybody offers modules worksheets and coaching calls so how are
you going to really leverage the benefits of the fact that you have modules worksheets and coaching
calls when everybody else has modules worksheets and uh and coaching calls and what damien said is so
important right you could talk to the delivery system of the modules you could talk to uh you know
like that you know um you know these modules are are delivered you know not only um not only online
but we're also going to send you you know like a thumb drive let's just say you're not you're not
getting the thumb drive it's just the same you know same modules you can say something you know
like six modules that are um are in perfect order to walk you know the um the beginner you know from
or walk the walk you know anybody from beginning to end and it's designed in such a way that the um
you know that that that you can get the most out of the system because of the way these six modules
are presented in sequential order right there's so many things so many ways that you can you can look at
this and um and and really leverage the benefits of just about anything and that's why i thought i'd
use the example of a number two pencil you know like because most folks what are you talking about
number two pencil you know it writes right you put it on on you know um you know on a piece of paper
and it writes well what are the benefits of of you know of this number two pencil and there's so many
so many that you can uh you can get um that you can really talk to so um so i hope that helps janet
because i i promise you you know that you know again i kind of had the same hang up you know like
well because i'm so visual you know like well if it's just digital how can i really leverage the
power and benefits of these functional emotional and then um and then dimensionalized right just
imagine what it would imagine if you're you know if you're away at um and at uh at your cousin's
house for the holidays and you're talking about this um this uh you know this module and you want to
share it with them well you can just hop on a computer from anywhere you can access it anywhere
in the world and and uh so you never so you're never without your xyz program right you know
there's so many different ways that we can leverage the benefits of just about anything um so janet says
thank you this
sorry that was a challenge for me as well i totally get it um but i promise you janet you know like
take a look at excuse me take a look at you know other folks that you um that you like and trust
that are in your field or maybe even outside of your field that are you know offering something
similar that you that you know um can write good good copy and really leverage you know those things
take a look at what they're doing and you'll see them i promise you you'll see the benefits that
are being um that are being leveraged in their copy and uh and assure you they're there just got to
keep digging and keep asking what is the benefit of that okay six modules that are located you know
online well let's think about you know to a time when when stuff wasn't located on you know online
where you had to get you know like todd talks about his first program coming on you know audio
cassettes or what happens you know if you lost the audio cassettes right then you're without them
right you know like what you know so so think about it from that aspect like what you know what are
the things that make this so much more desirable than if it were in a in a physical um format
and i can assure you there's so much that you can really leverage um so michael says uh can you
review this my company builds websites and one of the features would be autoresponder integration
how we describe it is we integrate your email capture tool of choice so that you can capture leads
from the website this lets your business have an automated way to capture leads from your website
24 7 all right so this is really kind of like a good and let me let me just copy and paste this
um and i'm going to put this on maybe like a word document so we can kind of all look at this
together oh wait there's more from the moment you drive traffic to your website you'll be able to see
the leads flowing in automatically giving you peace of mind that you can easily nurture your
relationship with your list as your business grows okay good so let me just copy and paste this give
me one moment and i'm going to bring this up when you said oh wait there's more i thought maybe that
was part of the copy but wait there's more exactly all right so let's take a look at this here so
all right so here is michael's copy right so we integrate and i hope everybody can see this let me
make it a little bit bigger um so we integrate your email capture tool of choice so that you can
capture leads can you see this tamalia can you see my uh my page here yep okay so we integrate your email
capture tool of choice so that you can capture leads um from your website let's take this step by step
what is what is the benefit of that damien did you want to say something oh no i was going to say i'm glad
you're dissecting it piece by piece right because that whole first section is just a feature right
no doubt about it right so we integrate your email capture tool of choice so that you can capture
leads from the from let's just say from uh from your website right what is what is the benefit of that
and i'm going to ask michael if he can give me a benefit of that and uh and then we're going to roll
with this so we integrate your email capture tool of choice so that you can capture leads from your
website well one benefit that i would think of right off of that is that so um in other words
he says again the feature is we we use the email capture tool of your choice well that means he's not
committed only to one specific email capture tool right um that means that he's not just only pushing
one capture tool so it doesn't matter you know what email capture tool you use we make sure that um
that doesn't because of that we can use any email capture tool so what is the benefit of that what
is the benefit of the fact that we can use any email capture tool what is the benefit and and this is
again how we would look at it and and keep digging down um on that so um so michael says to build your list
is that a feature or benefit building your list
is that a feature or benefit um that is like a feature to me yeah yeah for sure i'm with you
yeah if if we integrate your email capture tool um and we build your list is that a fact about the
product that it will build your list
yep fact all the way feature right build your list is a feature
michael then says flexibility right flexibility for what and you know what um maybe you can uh do me
a favor tamalee and get uh see if we can open up michael's uh if michael wants to interact with us
um we can chat he is unmuted michael thanks david appreciate it man how are you doing i'm doing
pretty well no i have to ask you because i've noticed that your name is spelled m-i-c-a-l and
is it in fact michael am i saying it properly you are saying it properly okay cool just want to make
sure if you don't be calling you michael and you say no it's it's mical or you know whatever so sorry
appreciate that's right i i had to learn how to differentiate myself and make it memorable when
there were so many michaels and michael johnsons out there that's awesome so that's did you change
your name yes uh so it's it's more like a nickname than i i i when i first started doing sales 20 plus
years ago i had a horrible month and uh my first month in the business and i it it all revolved around
there was five other michaels that worked there so oh my gosh that's awesome it's it's funny my
because my wife's name is is nicole and her nickname is i guess you know everybody calls her nicky but
she spells it n-i-c-i so it's funny because everybody you know like when they first read it
they're like nichi or like how do you say that she's like it's nicky you know but the same thing she
just wanted to be different than all the other n-i-k-k-i's out there but anyway um all right so uh
so here again in your copy so we integrate your email capture tool of choice so that you can capture
leads from your website now what's interesting here michael is that you know you only said that
because you saw that that differentiated you from other folks out there i would imagine that's the
only reason why you said that you probably saw other folks out there that are specifically using
a particular type of email capture tool and you wanted to differentiate from them am i correct in
saying that yes so i just wanted to make sure that there was a you know a lot of different
autoresponder services that are out there and more come on every single day it feels like
uh and and we wanted people to understand that we will have the ability to integrate
their autoresponder so they don't have to change it i think so what did you just say so they don't
have to so they don't have to change it yeah they don't have to change what their autoresponder
service got it okay and why and why is that important to them uh it's important to them because
they already have a way of doing it and and uh most of the business owners as much as they love
it don't like change do you see what we just did there yeah i mean right you know just right there
right you know so so you don't have to worry or stress about changing your autoresponder because most
folks don't like change and when you don't have to change you feel more comfortable using the
autoresponder that you've already used day in and day out so you don't have to um you know you don't have
to um learn new new software you don't have to learn new gadgets you don't have to you know just
use the same software and you don't have to worry about any of that right that's the benefit right
that's the huge benefit to them and we just you know we just learned that right off the bat so
does that make sense that does make sense so that's yeah i i might even i might even say it's something
like uh you know turnkey integration allows you to immediately you know experience all the benefits
without adding any new technology services to pay for or to have to learn or get stressed out by
absolutely yep i mean who wants to learn a new tool right who wants to learn how to use a new tool
well you know especially when they're comfortable with their existing service their existing you know
email autoresponder right you know so so you know rest at ease doesn't matter which one you have
we're going to integrate it with your um with your website so um so you can begin capturing leads
almost overnight or instantly right the speed of doing it is also because if they had to learn a new
a whole nother um you know system then it would take more time right there would be more time that
would last from when they're starting to get capture leads right so so you don't have to stress you
don't have to worry about learning a new tool so you can begin to capture leads instantly make sense
yeah awesome all right so let's uh let's move on uh so here you you kind of drew that out a little
bit this lets your business have an automated way to capture leads from your website you know 24 7
why is why is that a benefit that you can capture leads 24 7 uh so now they don't have to rely on a
sales force or human interaction to build their their list for their business totally right like
so so you can capture leads while you're sleeping right so you don't so you you have a you know
it's it's almost like a you know um todd used this in the six-figure funnel uh promotion you know it's
almost like having a um it's almost like having a sales team working for you 24 hours a day seven
days a week so you don't have to worry about um you know this you don't have to stress about that
and and just imagine what it would be like when you woke up in the morning and saw that you had 55
new leads that you didn't do anything uh other than dream about right you know those that that
you know again those are that's how we really lay into the into the benefits so um so yeah so that's
a great and you you hit the nail on the head right off the bat so great great job with that
um all right so let's you want to keep moving is that is that helpful michael so far that is
absolutely okay so from the moment you drive traffic to your website you'll be able to see the
leads flowing in automatically right um is there is that is that a um a feature or a benefit
that is a feature you got it that's a feature right from the moment you drive traffic to your
website you'll be able to see the leads flowing in automatically it's a feature right but again
you know we're so close to it you know that we think that this is is really a a benefit right so um
so the feature what is the what is the benefit of seeing leads flowing in automatically what is
the benefit of that predictable revenue love it i love it right you know right so so you'll be able
to predict um day in and day out how many leads you can expect from uh from your website and you don't
have to worry about um you know are people actually you know or you know are people um you know taking the
lead magnet or you know you don't have to stress about any of that right you'll be able to see
automatically exactly how many come in um and and and just like you said i love it the predictable
predictable revenue absolutely um all right uh so giving you peace of mind that you can easily
nurture your relationships with your list um as your as your business grows again i think what you're
trying to do here is you're trying to take these three components these features and kind of sum it up
with somewhat of a benefit here you know peace of mind that you can easily nurture relationships
with your list as your as your business grow what i would ask you um you know uh like when when people
go to bed at nighttime like your prospects are they saying like man i just wish there's a way that i can
easily nurture the relationships with my list as my business grows that's really not how they would
say it or you know if that's the case that's not how they would they would talk you know so i would
really want to talk more to that you know how how would they be saying this to themselves how would
they be saying this to their business partner their spouse what would they be saying um you know
so so you don't have to worry about um you know you don't have to stress or worry about nurturing your
prospects every single day because it's all done for you in a systematic process um that we use xyz
whatever the case is and the benefit to that would be um so that your business is not only capturing
leads on autopilot but it's also nurturing your leads on autopilot which means that you have a much
more qualified prospect when it comes time for them to buy which makes the sales process easier
which makes you know so those are all the benefits that we would add to that so is that so then we
start talking about the benefits really of the autoresponder you i mean obviously it's not a service
that we provide uh when we're building the website but let's see i got you okay yeah then you're right
but but i mean even at that you know like what is the true value of um integrating those capture
tools that really is is it right you know those that's the that's the benefit of that whether or
not you're you know servicing the autoresponder or not that's what they're looking for right that's
what they're that's what they're after um and uh i would talk more you know to if that's the case i
probably talk a little bit more towards you know the ease of uh you know um you know the transition
it looks like here there's there's no painful transition there's no there's no challenge you
know in in uh in having us do this like because that's what i would be thinking of anyway and i
you know you would need to know i would need to know your prospects thoughts a little bit more
but what i'd be thinking of is in that transition process how much time am i going to lose how much
you know like how much of a headache is this going to be like you know i'm going to worry about
whether or not um the integrations will actually work you know like those are the things that you'd
want to address more in your copy but to have this here again we were just talking specifically
to these features and how we could craft you know benefits you know through them cool so then
so then with with all all these um benefits now that or the benefit statements that we've just
created coming through here um when you're looking at uh you know behind you on on how they have the
all those bullet points and kind of uh stuff back there what what we had would probably fill up one
side of the page just for that one uh one one feature right for the autoresponder integration
that's exactly right and that's why you know i was stating here that that this is not how i would
i would have written this this this sales letter you would have seen it you know um uh and i'm trying
to think if i could just bring up a sales page quick for you um give me a moment i'll probably
think of one but but anyway like as from a sales page you know uh our perspective when we're
writing you know sales copy we would yeah absolutely you want to write out and and lay into
those um those those features and benefits if you're if you're trying to just um you know capture
the attention of um of your prospect that wouldn't be the sales page that might be um you know that
might be your opt-in page you know that you're just trying to to to have some quick um to quick
some quick interest to get them to take action on the opt-in which might be offer heavy or more
offer driven you know than than all that we're talking more specifically when you're writing
your copy um when you're writing your sales copy adding those benefits which would you know take
way more time than just be in these in these kind of bullet points here you wouldn't like i i would
never recommend that he you know takes these this exact same page and just add all these benefits
that we just talked to down here it would never work you'd want to have them written out in
long form sales copy okay and i mean you could tighten up the benefits too i mean you you could
just have quick you know bullet you know um never you know stress about this again always be um you
know on track you know so like you could you could certainly do that but again what we're talking about
really is um is more of long form long form copy and writing out these benefits hey david
yep um damian has uh put some really good copy in the comments as well um while you're looking at
that i um i don't know where i read this but i did just read a study that said that even it so if you
have three if you have three different examples of like a sales page or some type of sales message
the one with the longer list of benefits even if it doesn't contain specifically what those people are
looking for not saying don't include benefits that are important but the length of the list sometimes
over um you know over outweighs the a smaller list even if that smaller list has things in it that
people are really looking for so interesting tidbit there very cool all right yeah let me uh let me
read what damien wrote okay as you're about to read the copy i put out there you know and that that's
such a great point you just made tamalia because a lot of times i mean we could think back to our own
buying experience with a lot of times we just buy a product it's just like one right there could be
18 bullets but it could just be that one little benefit that one thing that just so resonates with
our core that that's the reason and so you can't just go well i don't know it's kind of you know
they understand this this this covers all those things they just have to use their imagination no i mean
we like you said we're not going to make them work for it we're going to spell out the benefits and
the value and make it just so over the top ridiculous why it makes sense to say yes
all right very cool so i've got here damien wrote some copy for you michael so you get a bonus uh
today you get you get some copy written by by damien here so it says finally no longer be in the dark
wondering who visited your site and if they'll ever return instead turn casual visitors into warm
prospects and warm prospects into new paying customers and sales without you doing any of
the heavy lifting uh and uh um the heavy lifting being you know the start of the emotional piece
of it right uh damien and then we would get into and just imagine what you know it would be like if
you didn't have to you know that type of stuff so so uh so you've got uh you get a little bonus
there mike you got uh you got damien to write some stuff for you there so hope that helps you
nice thank you very much very cool um and let's just see here jared says uh any other questions
uh michael before we uh before we hop off or does that help you i hope that uh that helps you there
yes i did very much i appreciate it guys yeah thank you um all right so jared says here um one good
technique for doing uh is a skill we teach called uh values elicitation ask what is important about x
what is important of what they said and then ultimately what would that do for you um so so
so great yeah so what what jared's saying there is you know like let's just say for example we had
you know a feature of the uh the number two pencil that it has glossy you know yellow coating you know
what's important about the glossy yellow coating um you know what what is important uh of that and
and then ultimately what would the glossy yellow coating do for you so that it you know again you know just
it would um it gives you a more uh comfortable grip when when writing you know longer you know
sentences or paragraphs it uh it's easier to spot you know like uh in your in your bag when you're
searching for something to write with um you know it's instantly identifiable as a pencil as opposed to
a pen and the benefit of that would be you know that uh when you're looking for a pencil you know that
you you know you know exactly which one to grab um so you don't make an error in writing an ink you
know that those those are the types of things but uh but good uh awesome jared thank you uh so much
you know for that so uh let me see here lesia says i'm feeling so nervous about i guess submitting
your big idea seeing how much i am holding back uh to be perfect first so let's submit and get over
yeah lesia definitely you know don't worry about um you know the perfection um side of it please don't
you know like i it does nothing but um it does nothing but um prevents you from getting to you
know the um the end result you know uh faster i can tell you that when i first created um my first
funnel after i went through the apprenticeship program i had i had you know i had it built i had
created and i just let it sit there because i was so afraid like what if this thing fails
what if the and it's just being very candid with everybody here like i had my my my big idea my
funnel everything written was ready to go and i wouldn't i wouldn't put any traffic to it because
i just really i froze i tensed up and said what if this thing fails what do i do you know like if
todd just walked me through 15 weeks of um you know of uh apprenticeship program i wrote all the
copy i did everything and now it fails like what like you know i was so
nervous of that don't be nervous of that please don't um and uh i i i'm excited to help you and
walk you through you know you've heard the term you know fail uh fail fast you know that's what
really what you want to do you really want to fail um you know fail fast in that in that regard so
don't be nervous about that at all yeah and that that's so well said and i appreciate you being
vulnerable enough to share that david and just just for leslie out there and everybody like that's the
one of the beauties of just one of the unique aspects of being part of the a&m community is
like having a place where it's not just like well now i need to go spend money on traffic i got to put
it to my list what if it's bad what if i get that feedback what you know like you have the opportunity
to come and hear from other marketers and mentors who can actually look at it and go wow you know what
you know nobody could tell the future but i can tell you from experience x y and z if you change
those things your likelihood of success you're going to dramatically increase and so yeah i mean
just just get out there just do it you know odds are your stuff is way better than you think and
it'll only get better every single time you submit and every time you go forward no doubt about it
right you know the the um you know the good news is is uh you know the the very first one that you
put out will be the worst one you ever put out right that's the worst that's the worst that can
happen you know um and then it just gets better from that point um so nicolaj says so can i ask if
we write out a feature list what do we do if we come up with several benefits for one feature
would you ever try to include several benefits or only go for the best one damien or temelia
would you care to answer that uh for for nicolaj well i would definitely say pick the ones that are
most important to your particular audience but if they're relevant um and they're meaningful i would
include all of them yeah don't just have oh go ahead damien i'm sorry yeah i was going to say
the same thing i think that's very well said and i've seen that honestly i i tend you know todd and
i come from different worlds uh a little bit um you know todd is just true you know by and by just
an absolute master of conversion i'm more of a traffic-minded guy so i always think like quick fast
and dirty and todd will write like 17 benefit benefit you know bullets and i'll be like ah just
use three and he'll be like no like never underestimate the task at hand and and he's
just always right when it comes to that like don't you know unless it's unless they're weak like if
they're good if you can look at them and say hey what's who you know if you could say who cares
then then ditch them but if they're genuine benefits then yeah don't don't cut them out because
don't ever do that yeah damien said this uh said this earlier and it's worth noting um you know
again because this is so true just one um one benefit just one properly articulated could be
the whole reason why somebody makes a buying decision in your sales of just one properly
articulated benefit so you don't ever want to leave that benefit out if um you know or any benefits out
if you feel it's like tamalia said if it's still valid and and relevant you know to what you're
talking about don't ever you know short change you know the fact that you have a benefit to a
feature because that could be the ultimate reason why somebody says buy now click the buy button so um
so having said that we've gone a little bit over i don't mind though because i think this is an
awesome discussion and if there's no more questions though that brings us to the end of our
conversation so just wanted to say thank you both to tamalia and damien for hopping on with us
for this call like it's just been a treat to have you both on here and walking through some of this
stuff for everybody and uh really i just thought you know tremendous amount of value and i hope
everybody else got the same um as uh as well so any last words tamalia or damien before we end the
call today that was awesome thank you so much i thought it was very valuable as well
very cool damien yeah yeah just thanks appreciate you having me here uh you did a phenomenal job
as always and uh just for everybody here david's a humble guy but but make no mistake he's an absolute
uh killer when it comes to this stuff you you've heard me say time and again that that you're able
to articulate uh what we do and and the e5 method and in our entire system better than anybody uh on
our leadership team and our company and you do a phenomenal job it's everybody out there i would
just say you know never underestimate the task at hand and and when you especially when it comes to
this topic just you know ask that question like who cares right you you just just drive that benefit
deeper and deeper until you you know until you say who cares is a ridiculous question if you could
legitimately say ah who cares it's pink and yellow who cares it's glossy who cares you got to keep
driving until it's just that irrefutable like if you are in the market for this or even close to
the market you absolutely will care about that benefit that's that's when you start getting to
some some benefits that really deliver a punch awesome man well very well said and thank you for
those kind words and thank you everybody for joining us today uh and this will be up on the replay
shortly as soon as this video renders we'll get this up so if you wanted to watch it over again
you're welcome to do that just wanted to note that everybody uh on here should um have received
the email over the weekend regarding the call that's coming up on wednesday which will be our very
first offer review on wednesday at 4 p.m eastern so you can do the calculation as to what time that's
going to be hitting you if you're not in the eastern time zone but that very first offer call todd's
going to be joining with me we're going to walk through what is in fact a sin offer superior
irresistible and no-brainer offer and we also have the form up as well for everybody to submit
their offer and we would you would have the opportunity to have todd and myself review it
live on the call moving forward every wednesday we're also going to have um you know these offer
sessions every wednesday at four o'clock so uh if you haven't registered already um check in your
email i'm also going to put it in slack today as well so that you can see the registration for the
call on wednesday where we're going to go over the first offer session is going to be called
um gosh it's the the the offer um the offer forum and we're going to talk about that um in a little
bit more but obviously um you know i'm super excited to have this addition to the a&m community where you
get the opportunity to not only have your big idea greenlit you also get the opportunity to have
your copy rated by the community and now you get to have your offer reviewed and uh and and approved
to move forward so the three if we were to pick you know three things in in a campaign that are
the most impactful to the the success of your offer or i'm sorry of your campaign it would be the offer
it would be the lead and the headline and the big idea and then uh and then you know the copy after
that so you get it all here in a&m so super excited for that so join us wednesday again the registration
link is in your email but it will also be in slack here shortly and then we will see everybody
tomorrow on the big idea greenlight session at 12 o'clock eastern so lesia please go ahead and
make sure that you submit i'm going to be looking out for it so we can review it on tomorrow's call
and anybody else who you know wants to do that we're welcome to do that as well so thank you
everybody for joining us and look forward to seeing everybody again tomorrow so have a great day
everybody see you later everybody thanks damien thanks guys
hey
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
