---
title: "GMT20191031-155925_Facebook-T_1680x1050"
date: 2019-10-31
duration: 1h 2m
duration_seconds: 3732
vimeo_id: 370175180
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# GMT20191031-155925_Facebook-T_1680x1050

**Date:** 2019-10-31 | **Duration:** 1h 2m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Thank you. All right, all right, we're going to start in just a moment. All right, all right. All right, so hey, everybody. You are in the right place at the right time.

We're going to do a quick little sound check and I'll do official introductions. First of all, everybody can let me know that you hear me loud and clear. Just give me a yay, a yippee, a yah, or something along there. I got a yip. Very good, very good, very good, very good.

Okay, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, awesome. All right, and I'm just going to start a screen share in a second and I'll just confirm that you can see my screen. And everybody can just say through the notes that you can see the screen, please. That'd be great. Screen.

Can you see the screen? Does it look good? Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep. Fantastic. All right, so welcome, everybody.

You're listening to Voice of Damien LaFranche, Todd Brown's business partner, CEO of Marketing Funnel Automation, and Media Buyer, and your guide for media buying, for knowing what to do, when to do it, how to do it, from bidding, targeting audiences, creatives, metrics, analysis, scaling, all that great stuff, and so much more. Remember, every week, inside and only inside of A&M, you have the opportunity to get live guidance and feedback from not only myself, but the master of conversion and direct response, Mr. Todd Brown. And so every week on Thursday at noon, whether you want to come live or submit your questions in advance, you can do so, and we'll come on here to give you guidance and feedback and direction on whatever it is, whether you're looking to have your first $1,000 day, or you're looking to scale from seven figures to eight figures and beyond. And everything in between.

So I appreciate you all being here. Excited to get to work for everybody. We have a lot of questions that came in and also some really cool stuff that I put together as well. And so we're going to hop in here. I'm going to pull these questions and inquiries that have come up.

And then if you're live and you're somewhere you can talk, I'm going to look to unmute you, and hopefully we can have you join the conversation as well. And so the first question comes from Mr. Andy Curry, and I'm checking the roster. It looks like Andy Curry is on, and we'll be able to speak with him. So let's start with the question.

He says, I'm testing nine headlines in Facebook. Each headline goes to its own webpage with the exact same headline and subhead. I want to see which headlines get the most clicks. I'm using the campaign objective reach just to get it in front of as many people in my market as possible. The market I'm going after are small business owners who have physical locations in their own town or city that customers can come to do business with them.

In other words, my target is not people who only have an online business. The target of traffic source is small business owners who are part of the National Federation of Independent Businesses. I chose this because they are typically business owners. My question is, is using reach and just getting as many eyeballs to see it the best way to test viability of headlines? And is it good enough to test that they click on the ad or should I count only opt-ins to the webpage as the only indicator?

Those are fantastic questions, Andrew. Good ones and ones that everybody needs to ask about as they put up their ads and their copy and they start testing. And I'm going to share this URL with everybody. So everybody can see the underground marketing system with doubling your cash flow in 29 days without expensive advertising. Change your world.

Learn about the kit connection system. Interesting. Compelling. Let's see here. And so let's see if Andrew can chat with us.

Andrew, are you there, buddy? I am here. How are you? I'm doing great. Excited to be here.

Awesome. Where are you calling in from, Andrew? Colorado Springs, Colorado. Colorado Springs. You know, it's interesting.

I've never been there, but I really want to check it out because I just feel like it's the name of one of those places that somehow in the circles I travel and the things I watch, I just keep hearing Colorado Springs. Well, you'll have to come visit. I'd love to take you to the top of Pikes Peak, America's Mountain, they call it. It's very cool. Awesome.

Awesome. So I see you got some great questions here about testing some cold traffic. And now for everybody on the call here, just so we have a frame of reference, is this a new business, a venture? Is this your first sort of online info business? Kind of give me a little background.

Well, I had an online business years ago and it busted in 2008 from the recession and almost went bankrupt, but I'm coming back. And so I have a retail store that's a hardware store in Lumberyard. And so I have that and so I am a local business owner and I'm in that arena and I'm wanting to help local business owners. And this product I chose is basically a done for you newsletter that is based on certain psychological principles that has been proven to increase one's business. Awesome.

So the idea is we sell them a license for this newsletter and they send it to their customers, clients, or patients. Cool. Cool. Makes sense. And definitely if you haven't done so, just a piece of guidance for you and for everybody on the call.

Whenever you come up with a new idea, new campaign, definitely take advantage of the conversion calls with Todd where he'll be able to really vet your big idea, your unique mechanism, your hook to really make sure it's as strong as possible. So if you haven't done that yet, you'll definitely want to do that, Andrew. I just joined yesterday and I plan to do that. Awesome. Awesome.

Yeah, it's really, you know, for everybody here, let me just kind of add a little value for everybody. You know, there are so many parts that go into a campaign, right, from the big idea. And some of these terms might be a little new to you. It's okay. Don't be scared.

They'll become natural once you're here for a while. You know, your big marketing idea, there's the sort of the hook, the reason that you're sort of calling them to action and to do something. There's your unique mechanism. There's the overall argument. There's the offer.

There are a lot of core components. And, you know, there really is an art and a science to being able to dial in each one of those. And so anytime you're putting an offer out, definitely take advantage of getting the guidance and feedback from the expert himself. And let Todd give you that because it'll push you forward so much further than just kind of shooting blindly. But let's get to your traffic question here, Andrew, because it is a good one.

So first of all is reach the way to get the most eyeballs and the best way to test viability of headlines. So I've explained this a number of times. This is really important for everybody to hear. Facebook is really good optimizing for what you tell it to optimize. And so if you tell it to optimize just for reach, meaning clickers, they'll find clickers.

It doesn't mean that they're the kind of people that become leads. It doesn't mean that they're the kind of people that become customers or that have the best earnings per visitor or average lifetime, highest lifetime value. They just get clickers. And so if the idea is you really want to test headlines or hooks, first of all, I would really, and this goes for Andrew, for everybody here, like I'm all about testing. I'm a testing maniac.

Leave me alone and I'll just keep testing. And that's all I'll do because I love it. But nine different headlines, that's a lot. Like really I would recommend, you know, unless you just have this massive list and massive budget, to really pare it down to the two or three headlines and go for the ones that are the most disparate. So that you're not picking headlines that are like, this one could increase.

This one will multiply. And it's like the difference is the word increase and multiply. You really want to try to, you know, test things that are as different as ideas as they're different as possible. So that's the first thing I would recommend is don't test nine, test two or three and pick the ones that are most distinctly different. The other thing is I wouldn't use reach as the objective for everybody here if the idea is, and I think this is a good one,
to sort of leverage Facebook before you write the campaign to see whether the overall idea or angle resonates with the market.

I really recommend using a page post engagement ad for that rather than a reach ad, again, because reach is going for clickers. And while page post engagement doesn't necessarily indicate that people are going to buy, at the very least, it's showing that people are going to spend time reading it. Clicking it is part of it, but expanding it to read the entire piece of content, watching a video, sharing it, commenting. That's a far better indication that the content is resonating with the market. And moreover, that those behaviors, right, people clicking, expanding the article, watching the video, sharing, commenting, liking.

Those are the indications that Facebook looks for that says, oh, this is a good piece of content. Let's distribute it with the best possible reach and the best possible cost. So, again, I would go from nine headlines to two or three. I wouldn't use reach. I would use page post engagement.

And then once I saw an ad that was, you know, sort of standing out more than another one in terms of like, wow, like the engagement costs are lower. The shares are higher. All these other indicators are showing that people are paying attention to this more. Then I would run it either, you know, depending. It looks like this is an opt-in page.

I would optimize for conversions. I would run that same ad, and I might run it to two different or three different versions, you know, two different versions of an opt-in page. And I would test the headline on the opt-in page based on the idea, right, starting at the very top, the idea that resonated in the piece of content that you put out to the market. And, of course, making sure, you know, for everybody here, for those of you that have been on A&M a while, you've heard me talk about this again, you know, making sure that there's congruence with what you're doing. And so once you see that that ad works, you can test different headlines that might emphasize a different aspect, a different pain point, a different part of the promise.

But we still want to make sure that any page we send them to is congruent with the main ad because if we send an ad to two different headlines, one of the headlines might be amazing. But if it's not congruent with what they first clicked on, you know, you were talking about, you know, reducing your risk of, you know, fat around your heart. And, you know, and then one of the headlines is about looking good on your next vacation with your wife. You know, the headline might be great, but it's not congruent. You won't have a good test.

You want to make sure that it's congruent. And so that's exactly how I would go about that. Do you have any questions about that, Andrew? I do. And so to create a post, should I create a post with one headline and another post with the next headline and the same for the third headline?

Yeah, I would just create separate posts, absolutely. And I would probably actually tweak the lead a little bit as well. I wouldn't necessarily, you know, go right to just, oh, it's just the headline because it really is kind of a, it's the headline plus the lead. They, you know, in Facebook, the same term that we've used, you know, in newspapers that gets applied to web pages, the idea of what appears above the fold, meaning before they click read more, what appears there. There are a lot of research that says that people read that as much, if not more than the headline.

And I don't know if that's necessarily the case, but I do know that it is a big indicator. And so I would really test sort of, I wouldn't think about testing three headlines as much as testing three headlines and three different headlines and leads. And that's, that's what I would run with. Okay. And do I need to get some engagement on those somehow before I start making that ad or not?

Your page post engagement is going to get you engagement. So you don't need to worry about it. Okay. And then certainly once you run to cold traffic, once you find a winning post, then absolutely warming up the ad is something that I teach inside of our MFA internal traffic training, which you can get free with your gold pass inside of A&M. We're absolutely putting, you know, 50 to 100 likes on a post before you start putting paid traffic to it is definitely advisable.

Okay. Sound good? I think so. Thank you. Great question.

Welcome. And glad to have you, Andrew. Yeah, me too. All right. Great questions from Andrew and for everybody here.

Again, you know, putting ads out, testing can be a little overwhelming at times. And so good to get these questions out and talk about what the process is. And of course, if anybody else has questions as we go through, right? Every question, make sure that as you're, we're going through, right? There aren't that many questions about running traffic and media.

And so every time we talk about it applies to you, your business. And if there's a question specifically about it, make sure to pop it through. Okay. Let's go on to question 116 over here. So we've been running an ad for five weeks.

Let's see who this is from. This is from Conrad. Let's see if Conrad is on. I don't see Conrad on the call. He might have logged in with a different name or maybe he's in a different part of the world.

Um, but if you're there, Conrad, feel free to message me. So he's been running this ad campaign for about five weeks. Uh, the links below the ad links to a free PDF opt-in. It's converting at 78%. Wow.

That's great. Which is made consistent confirmation page is a long form sales page for $37 online course. Sales conversions were running consistently at 4.75 for several weeks, but then just dropped off to almost zero after four weeks. We're running three campaigns to three audiences reached so far as 81,000 and frequency is at 1.92. Ah, Conrad is here under the name, a different name.

I'm running why sales campaigns dropped off. Have you exhausted audiences and need new audiences or something else? We tried updating the sales page. This has no effect. I'm wondering if there's a technical glitch with click funnels.

When I test it, everything works fine and we have the URL. So let's see if, uh, Conrad somewhere that, uh, they can speak. Hello. Good morning. Pleasure to be here.

How are you, Conrad? I'm wonderful. How are you? Doing great. Doing great.

So, uh, saw you put a question in. It's a good question. Uh, and so where are you calling in from? Uh, we're in Boulder, Colorado, just up the road from, uh,
uh, same part of the world. Great.

Well, first of all, uh, let me say to you and all our A&M, A&M members here that, uh,
Facebook is not out to get you and you're not the only one. Um, let me tell you, I can't tell you how many times I, you know, about every, let's
call it about every three to six months I'll run an audit. You know, we spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on ads and I'll just run an audit
and I'll kind of just try to pick through and see if maybe there was a campaign that
was working well that I turned off for one reason or another that maybe we should turn
back on. And I'll find a campaign and I'm like, holy smokes, this is getting $3 and 50 cent leads. That's amazing.

I was like, I'm not sure why I turned it off, but it makes sense. I should turn it back on. I'll literally all I'll do is click, turn it back on and it'll run for a week and the
lead cost will be like $15, right? Even though I generated hundreds of leads at $3 and 50 cents, I'll turn a campaign back
on and Facebook will suddenly say, oh no, no, no, no, no, those are actually, it costs
$15. That's your, that's your new KPI.

Sorry, that's your new CPA or that's the metric you're going to have to live with. And so most importantly, and it might sound silly, Conrad, but you know, when you're buying
media, you know, if you're, if you're just starting, right, you don't have a ton of money
to invest. And so it's very, it can be very stressful, very anxious. And if you're doing really well, it's really stressful because then you're spending even more
money. And so from a mindset standpoint, it's important to know that, look, this happens, you know,
sometimes links break, sometimes there are other issues, but sometimes you did nothing
wrong.

It just happens. I've heard sort of theories that have said, you know, the indication is, you know, sometimes
that Facebook goes out there and really skims the cream off the crop, off the top. And so you might've said, well, you know, the, the people I converted 4.75%, like Facebook
found all those people. And now they're going off to after like the lower level people. Right.

But that's all theory, right? You know, what matters is what do you actually do in this situation? And so what you're saying is the opt-in rate has stayed the same, correct? That's right. I mean, it's gotten down slightly, but not significantly.

And just all of a sudden, how many conversions did you have in the first, just so I get an idea
of the significance of the data? How many conversions did you have in that first week or so? Roughly, we were doing around 10 sales a day. Okay. That's great.

Yeah. And you did that for a couple of weeks? And we were doing that for about three weeks. And then in the, around the middle of the fourth week, it just dropped off and we were getting,
we'd go a couple of days with no sales. Then the sale would pop through, you know, so it just kind of really dropped off the table
there and you tested all your stuff, your links work, your ads work, you tested them
on mobile, all that stuff.

Yeah. That was my first thought was, you know, something was broken. So I went through and tested every way I could think of and couldn't find any problems. So it was really interesting. Okay.

And are you running any other traffic either from another channel or email or anything
else to just confirm like, okay, everything is still working? We have a email followup sequence that links through. And I do see those coming through and working as well. Okay. And you did confirm that in fact, it's not just a matter of the pixel not firing.

When you go into your merchant account, you're not seeing the orders, correct? Yeah. At least on the tests I did, everything seemed to be firing and working correctly. Right. But the days that you went from like 10, 10, you know, 10 new customers a day to zero
on those zero days, it's not like there are 10 customers showing an infusion soft and
you don't know where they're fun, but the Facebook conversion fix.

Yes, absolutely. Yep. Gotcha. So there's, there's a couple of things I would do. So first of all, just leaving aside some of the parts that we don't necessarily control,
which is the Facebook algorithm and how Facebook decides to service us, you know, with that
kind of opt-in rate, I'm assuming you're getting, you know, 78% opt-in rate.

Uh, you have to be getting opt-ins under five bucks, correct? Yeah. The opt-ins are running about $1.70. Okay. So $1.70 for opt-ins.

Um, you know, I would really, really spend a lot of time dialing in the follow-up campaign
for that. That's something that certainly you could bring to a conversion call with Todd. Um, but really making sure, right. Are people opening those emails? Is there, do you currently have a deadline sequence on the author?

Uh, we do not have a deadline. Yeah. And so that, you know, direct response one-on-one for everybody here, you know, we teach a lot
of advanced stuff and advanced stuff is awesome, but you know, you always got to keep the core
principles in mind and look, you know, what makes offers convert is that they're, you know,
sort of the value is brain dead, you know, uh, over the top, uh, value and it's brain dead,
uh, you know, kind of no brainer to do it. It's, and then there's combined with urgency and scarcity. Um, and as well as risk reversal, because, you know, Todd teaches this in the sin offer,
but that's a very, very, uh, rudimentary explanation, right?

You know, the value has to be just so lopsided, urgency, scarcity, and then obviously reversing
the risk, you know, with a guarantee and how you do that. And so really making sure that there's urgency, uh, is something I would do. And so you can use deadline funnel. Uh, we like those guys, piece of software use all the time. Um, but you know, when something sounds good and so, Oh yeah, yeah, that does sound good.

Oh yeah. I got to go feed my dog. I'll do it later. Right. There always has to be a reason to do it.

Um, you know, you need to keep it legit. You don't want to just make up, you know, false urgency. You know, I would put it on your, on your website and sell it for 97. But when they sign up for the PDF or a limited window, you offer it for 37. That way they know publicly the page is 97.

You will get people that will buy it 97. Uh, but you know, there's legitimacy to the urgency of like, Hey, you know, you know, you
did this, you did this, you're taking a step. I want to reward you. And therefore I'm giving you, you know, a special discount for the next 72 hours. Um, and so I would really look through, you know, when we, we've run campaigns in the past,
what we've typically seen, uh, and this goes for everything from our book offers, uh, to
our webinars, uh, you know, for $2,000 product that typically you should be able
to get twice as many, uh, sorry, you should be able to match what you get on the front
through the intensification, uh, campaigns.

Or if you're able to do say 3% immediately, like 3% of your opt-ins immediately by like
day one, you should, with a properly executed intensification campaign, get another 3% to
convert on the back. Okay, great. Um, so that, that's sort of from the, from the campaign side, what I would do from the
traffic side, um, honestly, is I would just start over, um, you know, Rick Sheffrin, who's
a good friend of Todd. It's, uh, I like, you know, his buddy as well. He's a good guy.

And he, uh, you know, brilliant, brilliant guy. You know, he's explained that, you know, Facebook has not just one, but multiple algorithms. And so when you go into Facebook and you put an ad in, he goes, you could start two campaigns
identical. He goes, one will always perform differently. He goes, it's because they don't always use the same algorithm to run the campaign.

And so I would just rerun it. Um, you know, that's the best thing, you know, it's, it's funny, you know, technology advances,
things become more complicated, but I find myself saying, you know, just like when my
dad calls me and he's having computer trouble and he's like, Oh, you know, it's telling me
my server, where is blah, blah, blah, blah. I go, dad, just shut it off and restart it. Um, and a lot of times that's the best thing you can do with Facebook, uh, is shut it all
down, start with a new post, uh, make sure your, your campaign objective right now is
sales or is it, uh, opt-ins Conrad, uh, it's opt-ins, uh, you know, keep the, keep the
objective the same since it was working for you. Um, I've even seen examples where literally I'll run a campaign at a $200 a day budget
versus a $400 a day.

And sometimes just a different daily budget will produce a dramatically different result. And it's not always the same. It's not always like, well, the more you spend, the more data you feed Facebook and the better
they do, not always the case. I've had campaigns where I've like doubled the budget and my, my KPIs got dramatically
better. I've had campaigns where I double the budget and my KPIs get horrible.

And so, you know, you could sit here and listen to, you know, the wizards on the mountain
that tell you there are all these secret codes and that's why fate, you know, but the fact
that it matters, listen, I've been in the trenches, man. A lot of this is just, you got to go start a campaign over, watch it closely. Obviously, you know, don't, uh, don't believe it's true until you see it for three days straight. And then after you see it, make a decision and you might have to start a campaign, you
know, restart a campaign. You might have to restart at a different price point, uh, a different budget.

Uh, and last but not least, I would look at your audiences and see if there's a, you
know, now that you have, uh, you probably should have a couple hundred buyers. You'd probably start a lookalike audience based on buyers. You certainly could at least start a lookalike audience based on opt-ins. Uh, and I would also look to test some different, uh, different audiences. Um, but that's really what I would do is just, you know, don't, don't, you know, like, listen,
you have something, right?

The fact that you were running for a handful of weeks, um, you know, you're at 4.75, which
means that the average, you know, for everybody here, the simple math, right? $37 course, assuming, did you have any bumps, upsells, downsells, anything like that? Conrad? Yeah, we had a, an order bump on there for 27 and our average cart was run at $52. Right.

So your average cart is $52. You're converting at 4.75%. That means that the average lead to you is worth somewhere around $2 and 25 to $2 and 50 cents. You're getting leads at $1.75. That's all fantastic.

So like you've achieved something great, you should feel good about it. And now you just got to go back in and again, uh, you know, follow the guidance I just gave
you. And that's where I would go from there. Perfect. That was wonderful.

Thank you. Awesome. Absolute pleasure. Nice to, nice to speak with you, Conrad. Likewise.

All right. Great questions coming in. I love when everybody here, uh, you have an A&M are doing fantastic today when you ask
the in the trenches stuff, because it's just so crucial to get in there together. And so let's see who's up next. We have Mr.

Steven Robinson. Steven, if you're there, Steven, and possibly logged in under a different name, let me know. Uh, if not, I will hop in and, uh, dive right into this. So he says, uh, Steven says my current prospect and channel for acquiring personal injury attorney
leads is with LinkedIn. Given that my target market is business owners, partners, and thus business to business LinkedIn
is a natural.

My question is, do you think it's worth trying Facebook ads to attract attorney clients or,
and or LinkedIn advertising? And so, uh, great question. So I do agree. Uh, so, so to be clear here, everybody, uh, Steven has a business similar to what we used
to do. Todd and I used to grow businesses for our chiropractic doctors.

Um, Steven does it for attorneys. And so I definitely would test LinkedIn, um, personally for our stuff, our markets and what
we do, uh, LinkedIn has not been a fit. Uh, doesn't mean it doesn't work. Doesn't mean it's not viable. It just means that it doesn't work for every market, right?

I wouldn't go to LinkedIn with an offer about a gold offer, how to make money in gold stocks
or, you know, how to lose weight with a certain herb. I wouldn't go to LinkedIn. However, uh, you know, contacting other business professionals, I would test LinkedIn. Absolutely. Would I also test Facebook?

I would test Facebook as well. Um, I'd go into the targeting and see what you could find. Um, it really depends on what the targeting options are. Attorneys clearly are on Facebook, especially they're in that age demographic. Uh, you know, Facebook is not really the teenage platform anymore.

The teenagers are doing all sorts of different things. You know, folks that are 30, 40, 50 tend to gravitate towards Facebook more. And so attorneys who have to spend years and years in school are going to be probably late
twenties, thirties, forties, 50 years old. And so I would test Facebook. Um, and I would go in, I mean, I would test the obvious, uh, you know, I would go in and
see what options Facebook has for just marketing directly to attorneys, lawyers, so on and so
forth.

Uh, and then the other thing I would do is I would look at other people, uh, other people
in your space that they may follow and other services. So if there's someone in your space, if there's the Tony Robbins of, uh, you know, personal
NG injury attorney practice building, I would see, are you able to target his fans or if
there's a piece of software or a resource, you know, for us, uh, you know, you heard
just before, you know, most people that are in info business, they use click funnels or
they at least know about click funnels. And so for us, people that are users and show interest and affinity for click funnels are
good audiences for us to advertise to. And so that's what I would do again, I would absolutely test Facebook. I would test it again, direct hit, you know, can you, you know, what Facebook, uh, advertising
targeting options are there for attorneys?

I would then test, uh, ask yourself, who are the other people that your market gravitates
for and follow super closely that is niche to attorneys and see if you can target people
that follow that, uh, person or influencer or even magazine or trade journal. Again, that works as well. You know, we've advertised to success magazine or entrepreneur magazine before. And then last but not least, ask yourself what other products or services do they all
always use? And can you target that just like if you were doing SEO, uh, an SEO product, you might target
anybody who uses, uh, the tool SEM rush, because it's a very popular tool for people that do
SEO to do research and, and to figure out how they're advertising.

So great question, Steven, uh, hope you found that super helpful and good marketing to you
this week. And let's go on to the next question. So next question comes from, uh, Steve. I think I'm saying that right. Uh, and it looks like Steve is here.

Someone on mute in just a second. So situation we are in the money-making niche. Great. Creating our own digital products. Our complete business account was closed from Facebook and also for me as a person, not
allowed to do any advertising, see the attached screenshot.

So the question is, what are the best way, the right steps to advertise on Facebook again? And am I also personal able to advertise with my private profile? And so there's just a couple screenshots here. I'm not going to show these just for, uh, confidentiality reasons, but let's see if Steve
is somewhere, uh, talk. Hold on.

Hello. Hello. Hello everyone from Germany. Good evening. How are you now?

Did I say your name properly? Cause I feel like I might not have. Yeah. It's, it's Stefka in, uh, Stefka. Yeah.

Okay. Almost like Stephanie Stefka. Okay. That's fine. Excellent.

So, uh, so where in Germany are you from? Uh, from Colonia. Very good. And what is the weather like in Germany at this point? Since I am not familiar with the, uh, with the terrain.

Oh, today we had sunshine and blue skies. So weather is fine. Excellent. So tell me a little bit about yourself. Is this your first online business?

Have you done this before? Are you trying to break into the market? Yeah, it's our second online business. Um, and, uh, as I have written, we are in the earn money online niche niche. Um, and, um, we have done, um, Facebook ads for, I think, two, two years now.

Um, and, uh, from, uh, March, um, 2007 and we have spent, um, yeah, about 100,000 euro. And, uh, and I think when, um, when was it closed? Um, um, um, here's also Diana. Um, I'm the business partner, uh, partner, uh, Stefka, and we are running the business together. um and uh we started with facebook advertising in march 2017 and uh our account uh was um
ad account was closed in uh i don't know um two months before now yes yeah okay so the
and for everybody here to be to the uh kind of get a little education so you know facebook does
flag accounts they flag a bunch of different stuff it does happen uh it's gotten a lot better although
i continually hear that there are waves of issues that come up and so a couple key things i want to
share for everybody uh before i get to the specifics for stephka uh and diana here so first of all uh
there is a difference right so you can have an ad disapproved right that's when you get that little
red mark says your ad's not running uh you can have uh an advertising account shut which means
that are like you can't use that account anymore then you could have a business manager shut and
obviously the least concerning is an ad getting disapproved it still happens to us from time to
time i actually covered it on either the last or the a&m uh traffic call before that i actually went
over the exact response i used to get our ads uh appealed and approved um getting an ad account
flagged is more concerning and certainly getting a business manager flagged is most concerning and
also for everybody here if you haven't done so uh inside of a&m and only inside of a&m you have
access to the mfa internal traffic training that i put together uh and it was based on the process
that i built uh after all our accounts got flagged and repeatedly flagged and we got booted off facebook
for almost a year and a half to two years and what i've done to get us back on and now uh you know
almost three years running strong uh you know over a million dollars spent and no ad accounts flagged no
business managers flag so if you haven't seen that before uh especially for you uh for stephka and
diana you'll definitely want to go in there and kind of work through uh just the in the trenches process
that i created to to run accounts and ads and and uh keep the facebook police happy if that makes sense
um yeah of course and uh we have a second problem because it's also my personal account not only our
business uh manager also my personal account so me as a person i'm not anymore able to to do any ads
so okay is it a good um idea to make a new personal account and so so great question so let me ask you
one more uh two more questions so when you said we're in the money making mitch um what does that
what does that look like what does that mean yeah we um we have made uh made ads for affiliate marketing
so it was a webinar nevergreen webinar where we show people how to make money with affiliate marketing
and and so when you got everything flagged did did you have other warnings kind of what communication
did you get from facebook in terms of um was it just it went from everything's running fine to all
of a sudden they're like you're banned from everything or did did you have a lot of disapproved ads
and did you message facebook and did they communicate and to explain why or what happened
yeah we had we had a lot um ads which were disabled and i i um asked the the support the support and
sometimes they um they they approved the ads right and but from one day to another they they um disabled
the whole account and also me as a person some some weeks later yeah and did you
speak to them have they said anything in turn or did you try to communicate with them and
did you get back the brutal i still remember it because it causes me a high level of stress
getting the boilerplate response like you know facebook honors its member
first final reply yes that's it that's it and there's no chance and then i tried what is the reason
what is the reason but no answer not it no more and you can't get on on messenger on on a chat support
with somebody no no it's conscious about to come to the medium um and diana is you you're still on
facebook correct yes i'm still uh on facebook because i never did um some ads in uh our account it was
um stefka's um work and so i'm um i i'm able to to create uh ads on facebook
so so here's exactly here's exactly what i would do um so first of all i mean this goes for everybody
if you haven't done so definitely go through the compliance training that's part of the internal
traffic training that i did um it'll keep you out of a lot of pitfalls a lot of pitfalls that
were very costly to me to run into years back um but what i would do so if i was in your situation
i would have diana try to get somebody on messenger um and i would try to get somebody on the phone um
facebook is way better than when we got ran into issues you know whatever three four years ago um you
actually can talk to a human being and so i would have diana uh try to get on messenger and figure out
like how do i talk to somebody how do i get a call from a rep and get on the phone with somebody
and explain the situation because my second solution may work but it's really a roll of the dice
you know like at the end of the day like you know building a sustainable business like you have you have
to play by the rules and i'm not saying you're not but obviously something upset them something
bothered them and if we don't know what it is or we don't know why it is uh and we're just trying
to like pull the wool over facebook's eyes and go oh you know i have a new domain i have a new this i
have a new that and i'm back um you know it's just a very hard way to run a business because you just
don't know if you're going to get shut down again you know three weeks later um and so i would really
before i even approach the second solution i'm about to mention i would go and exhaust every possible
means of speaking with somebody and finding out what happened and at the very least even if they say
our decision is final hey totally understand what do you advise and i've had reps advise me and say
hey just start over um but you want to make sure that you at least have a history and a record uh
so that one facebook sees that you're not trying to like scam the system or or game the system
uh and number two that you can stay clear of whatever it is it could have just been something
like hey you know you have you know you you used uh you know mass links that went to click bet
you know clickbank ads and we don't support that and that immediately sends a flag and immediately
gets you shut down and you know you could go through all this work of setting everything up
and get flagged again and so you really have to get to the issue um and if if and i really do not
recommend this but if you got to the point where you're like holy cow i have done everything
they will not talk to me they will not give me an answer they would not give me a reason
um the best thing to do is to start completely over um and when i say start over i'm talking new urls
i would use a different server i would use a different credit card to pay new facebook profile
do everything brand new because the thing is like facebook you know they keep a record um and there was a
time when i was trying to get our accounts recovered and it just seemed like once like oh this is the
user who managed that account which was linked to this url which showed up in this report it's like no
matter what i would do it would just get sucked back into the vortex of disapproval okay and so i'm
bummed to hear that that's what you're going through uh but the other thing i would tell you is that
in the space you're in uh you know provided you have a great offer and a great product making
money with affiliate um you ought to be able to make that kind of stuff work with email solo drops
and the great thing about email solo drops is other than the the advertiser you don't have to worry about
compliance you could send them to a page with a picture of a guy you know throwing money around
this house and you know lighting hundred dollar bills on fire it doesn't matter um as long as the
the advertiser is willing to send it you don't have to worry about getting shut or anything like that
and so i would uh i would look into uh email solo drop providers okay does that make sense yes of course
okay awesome well keep us updated and let us know how it goes yes we will do okay thank you so much
awesome absolute pleasure all right let me uh backscroll here uh there's one other thing that came up
and just hold on one second
and so uh i'm gonna john michelle chow had a question and i'm gonna unmute him in just a second
which he said what are the key metrics that you monitor on a daily basis uh and i put something
special together uh it's gonna take me a little while to get through and so i'm gonna let you a and
members decide right now uh i can give you a sort of high level answer to john michelle's question
and then i could share the the training next week or if everybody's willing to stay on for a little
bit i will go through the training right now so the uh the question to the group is do you want me to
give the high level uh answer and then do the in-depth next week or just go for it today
i gotta let's do it now if you do not vote your voice is not heard uh in-depth now high level and
next week i got an andrew looks like what the vote's coming in got a couple neil evans i got
another now what does john michelle say since it's your question john michelle
let's see where is he hey john michelle
hey damien can you hear me yep and i'm hearing a lot of carpe diem out there that there's no time
like the present and so we're gonna dive into this and i'm gonna take this italian new jersey style
because i know uh i know we typically run from 12 to 1 and so i want to be respectful of everybody's
uh everybody's time and so you know everybody always watches you want to put your headphones
on john michelle um yeah everybody always watches trainings and they they put them on
like one and a half 2x right i'm not the only one who does that right you you speed your stuff up
uh when i teach you're probably going to need to slow me down you're going to probably have to drop
me to half speed uh in order to uh to get through and so let me uh unmute john michelle again hope he
has a headset you have a headset
john michelle yeah all right so there was this village and in this village nobody had ever seen
an elephant one day an elephant came stomping up into the village and there were three blind men and
the first blind man walked up to the elephant and he hugged the elephant's leg and he goes wow
it's a tree and then the second blind guy came and he started hugging the elephant's trunk and he
goes no you're wrong this is a snake and then the third blind guy came up and started patting the
elephant's side and he goes you're both wrong it's a wall and then the local guru walked in and he said
you're all right it's all all those things to all you people
no it's not it's an elephant right you can imagine whatever you want you can imagine whatever
perspective but the point is an elephant is an elephant and why am i telling you this
it is because when it comes to metrics and understanding what metrics and numbers to look
at when you're running traffic context is everything just like a village that never saw an
elephant can assume that it's one thing or another it doesn't change what it actually is
metrics have no value outside of context okay and so i'm going to talk about the metrics that i look
at in the context and more importantly also remember then when it comes to analyzing our marketing metrics
it always it is not based on opinion or gut instincts or unique point of view it is and it needs to be
objective so you're ready to dive in jean michelle yeah and so i'm going to share the metrics that i look at
uh and first of all i always emphasize this you hear this again and again when we talk about ads
when we talk about running it what does this little picture tell you jean michelle all right
all right right dollar in dollar out remember when we run ads right as direct response marketers we
understand that the front end is all about customer generation and the back end is about making profits
so we don't go into running ads to cold traffic and acquiring customers and saying how am i going to make
money we go in saying how many leads and customers am i going to acquire and the back end right where
we make more offers maximize lifetime costs of value that's where the profitability comes in
and remember that in this process there's so much collateral income because when we talk about the front
end we're just talking about dollars in on on at the beginning of the funnel which means that there'll be
people that are on pay plans uh again because we're always talking about cash in which i'll explain in a
second so there's additional money that comes later you're building a list of unconverted leads
you're building a remarketing audiences and you're also putting your brand and your influence out in
the market and so for those of you that are still like i'm scared to run break even like what do you
mean i'm gonna go no no no no no you're gonna go broke if you think you're gonna build a business
making money in the front end front end where you make money is mastering and becoming as aggressive
as possible on customer generation break even maybe even go negative once you know your numbers and you
have cash flow to support it and then the back end is where the profits are at now let's talk about
the different numbers that uh i look at for jean michelle and everybody here so the first thing i
always look at is the total sales volume both by the dollars and by the numbers of customers sold
defined by how many dollars and customers have sold through a particular funnel uh and again this is
always based on cash in so if somebody signs up for a 12-month pay plan or the subscription that's
19 a month and the typical person stays for nine months we're talking about cash in and the reason
this is so important is because when we're talking about aggressive aggressive customer acquisition uh
it's it becomes a cash game and so you need to know how much cash is in not how much as well people
somebody's on a four payment plan we'll collect the money in six months like we need to know cash in
right cost to acquire a customer cash in and the way we use it first of all is i use it to identify
what funnels are contributing most greatly to sales volume by dollars and customers uh again being able
to see wow these are the campaigns that really matter really working they're going to shape who your
tribe and who your customer base is and then also identifying trends of when a particular contributor
may be decreasing and so you want to be able to look and say hey you know what this this ebook
typically like uh i think it was andrew was saying before okay this ebook was getting
us 10 buyers a day or you know which may not sound like a huge number but you think about a year wow
10 buyers a day that's you know over almost 4 000 customers a year and then all of a sudden it drops
off you want to be able to identify that okay so that's the first metric i look at the second one
i'm going to look at is average visitor value you're going to see a lot of these are going to build on
each other so average visitor value is going to be the total sales dollars uh that were made that was
the first metric divided by the total unique visitors and what does that tell us how does it tell
us well first of all it tells us when a visitor comes to a page or an offer how much are they
worth to us and this is important right because when we're buying media we have to there's a cost
to getting somebody to the page uh and so how do we use it so first of all uh to compare campaigns
that identify which campaigns generate the highest average visitor value and make sure it's your lead
funnel uh and so when you have a you have three different campaigns and one of them has an average
visitor value of a dollar and you know a dollar a dollar a dollar another one has a average visitor
value of three dollars you really want to look at and say hey can this be my lead funnel um because
the more you can pay to get somebody to to the page the more you can afford to pay the more scalability
there is in that campaign listen to what i just said the more you can afford to pay per visitor the
more scalability there is right if all you can do is afford to pay 50 cents you're going to have a lot
less scale than if you can afford to pay five dollars to that particular campaign and that's
why this metric is important uh it tells you how much you can afford to pay per visitor when buying
a media again especially in in certain pay-per-click campaigns you're going to bid per click um
and even on facebook you have some click options but a lot of times you'll be able to monitor a click
cost uh and pay attention to that and again click costs i don't care about i care about in the context
of roi or in comparison to a you know average visitor value you know if somebody says oh it's four
hours a click bad well it depends what's your roi and what's your average visitor value off those
clicks if the average visitor value is four dollars and you're paying four dollars it's fantastic
right but if your average visitor value is only two dollars then no bueno not good okay
next up it serves as a guide for opening up and testing additional channels right so when you have
a proven campaign knowing your average visitor value and you go hey this person into you know jean
michelle's you know magic you know magic wonder shirt campaign is worth two dollars well then and
you see that consistently then you know when you go to adwords or you go to youtube you go to a new
channel you have a frame of reference to say hey i can start testing at two dollars per visitor
because i've seen that's what they're worth now does it always work out no sometimes visitors
from youtube are more valuable or less valuable sometimes from linkedin more valuable less valuable
but it's a starting point uh and you can also use your current average visitor value you're paying
and engineer in reverse whether or not your offer may or may not be viable before you do the work
right um so if your average visitor value uh that's typo where it says you were paying but if you look at
your average visitor value um you can calculate right so you can look at your campaign and say hey listen if
i'm paying five dollars an opt-in and my conversion rate is two percent that means i need to get 50
opt-ins to get a sale that means it's going to cost me 250 dollars um and i'm going to need to get
this many clicks uh to the page and my out you know and so you can basically reverse engineer and
before you even build the campaign and the offers out and go wow this campaign looks like it's going
to have with bad numbers always use bad numbers an average visitor value of a dollar and you see that
hey all my ads i run i'm usually paying at least two dollars you know that something's wrong and you
need to fix the economics before you start okay and so that's the other thing you can do with average
visitor value is you can calculate an offer before you run uh using your historicals and using bad
numbers and then determine whether or not for what you're currently paying whether or not that
campaign is going to make sense and the example i gave to everybody is you know we ran our book offers
for a long time did very very well our seven dollar books average cart value 35 to 40 dollars
but the problem is that our click costs over the last two years on facebook has climbed from the
average about two dollars to almost four dollars and suddenly i know that with those numbers and
what my average visitor value is on a seven dollar book a four dollar click isn't going to work and
therefore we need to come up with a different offer in a different funnel
next up revenue per lead or rpl which is your total sales dollar again back to the first metric we
used divided by your total unique leads and so it tells us how much a lead is worth now you might not
always run to a campaign with an opt-in right but usually in a webinar vsl you will and so for
those campaigns where it works uh it's a key metric for mid to high ticket offers where the campaign
objective is set to optimize for leads rather than sales we've talked about this when you have
a higher ticket and you're not ringing the conversion bell as much as you need to you want
to optimize for lead so that you can hone in on that quicker but then you need to know how much is a
lead worth and so when you're able to run you know five ten thousand dollars of traffic you're
able to get you know dozens you know hopefully hundreds of buyers uh you know you're able to
say hey on average a lead is worth at least eight dollars and then you're able to optimize for leads
and be able to monitor and say hey i'm going to run any ad and audience combinations that keep me
within that that rpl goal um uh you know where your rpl is equal to your your cpl your cost per lead
uh it simplifies your roi equation because if you know a lead has an rpl of five dollars you could
focus on buying leads at five dollars very very simple right um and also it allows you to set your
leads goal back into sales goals so if you know your set your lead goals back into sales goals so for
example if you know that your rpl your revenue per lead is ten dollars and you want to generate
twenty thousand dollars in sales uh either in a month or a week then you know you need to drive
two thousand new leads and this is really important i think it's a lot of times as online marketers we
just kind of run and gun and we forget where we're going or how we're going to get there but like if you
know hey i want to do ten thousand dollars of sales a week i want to do my first fifty thousand
dollar a month you need to be able to look and say well how much is a lead worth how many leads or
customers do i have to pump into my system to hit and achieve those numbers and that volume
there's average order value aov which todd loves to talk about because it is so so powerful it's
that total sales dollar divided by total sales units you'll see a little asterisk there because
it's important to know that uh this question comes up a lot what do we include in aov so we include in
aov everything that's offered to the prospect with the initial campaign so the main offer bumps
upsells downsells including second chance offers um you know you could say well my average order
value well that includes the coaching offer i make nine weeks later um you know at some point you know
you're sort of mushing the back end into the front and it doesn't really make sense from a from a
practicality standpoint you want to be able to say everything that i present with that main offer so if
you sell an ebook and then there's a video course and then they could upgrade to a private session with
you whatever's part of that main offer if you think about it in infusion soft it wouldn't be
part of the same campaign uh that's what we want to look at at aov and again always based on cash
in right cash rules and what aov does so first of all mass scaling you've heard todd teach about this
uh check out five extra sales it's inside of uh the a&m portal you can unlock with a gold ticket
uh mass scaling is all about aov it's an aov game it's far easier to substantially move the needle with
aov than it is conversion rate aka to take an aov from 20 to 40 dollars is very very possible
uh take some work but it's it's very doable i've done it dozens of times but it's almost
next to impossible to take for example an eight percent conversion rate and double it to 60 percent
it's like jumping over the moon all right and so aov is where really where scale comes from
you want to monitor your aov because you want to become an expert at maximizing aov and we have a
ton of training and insights that you can go through on that uh aov will drive up your avv your average
visitor value and your rpvl which thus increasing your allowable acquisition costs again when you
increase that aov uh we talked about this before uh you know if you increase your aov from you know
thirty dollars per buyer to fifty dollars well then guess what you can pay more and that opens up more
scale um a rule of thumb the price of the initial offer should only account for about forty percent of
your total aov so if you're selling a hundred dollar course your average order value should be closer
to two hundred and fifty dollars right that first price point should only account for about forty
percent of the overall aov uh of course the smaller that initial price point if it's a you know three
dollar five dollar ebook or download uh the the even smaller that percentage would but at the
very most you want it to be forty percent and you want to increase aov provided it increases rpl and
avv uh and so it is possible to increase your average order value right if you increase your price
from a hundred dollars to a thousand dollars you increase your average order value however your conversion
rates are going to plummet so your rpl and your average visitor value are going to decrease so you
want to always increase aov while at the same time being mindful of rpl and average visitor value either
staying the same or ideally increasing all right um and then we have a couple more we're going to go
through here so cost per acquisition again total ad spend now divided by total units sold and this is
going to tell us how much it costs to acquire a certain customer remember we want to achieve the lowest
cpa while also being willing to spend the maximum dollars on cpa right we're not in the business of
getting the cheapest we're uh in the business of getting the most and being willing to pay for it
um some things we can do to decrease cost per acquisition again work on your card abandoning
campaigns uh retargeting is another huge one i didn't write that down here but you want to do that as
well uh retargeting will always get you usually a two to three times higher uh conversion rate than
will from your regular cold ads offer second chance payment plan options those are all ways to decrease
your cost per acquisition again getting somebody to open their wallet for the first time and then
you'll compare your cpa across uh traffic channels to identify which channels are optimal for which
offers based on cpa and you could also compare it across offers right you're in the business of
growing your customers right growing leads is great but really why do we want leads we want leads
because we want customers and so being able to look at cpa and go well hey my cost to get a book buyer
cost to get this person uh are very different and they might have different lifetime values uh
depending on the price point they come and they certainly will but you want to be mindful of how
to use cpa to to guide your overall acquisition strategy um and then last but not least the two
things and this is what jean michelle mentioned before we're going to talk about roi total dollars
generated in that campaign divided by the total ad spend um that's really important uh talking about
cash in is what we're going to look at uh we're not going to look at dollars from six months later
this is the be all end all metric because if you know nothing else but your roi is accurate you can
scale your business predictably and safely knowing that hey for every hundred dollars i put in i get
110 back i get 100 back i get 90 back uh you can use your roi to compare the quality of different
traffic sources and also don't be afraid if roi drops when you scale it's common and okay just like we
talked about before in that example you know facebook when you have smaller ads will go off
after sort of the cream on the top and so sometimes usually when you scale sometimes you'll get economies
to scale and your roi will get even better with bigger budgets but it's not uncommon uh for your
roi to decrease as your ad spend increase and as your scale increases but don't ever sacrifice scale
for the speed of acquisition for greed remember we're not here to make boatloads of money or any money
on the front we're here to acquire as many customers as quickly as possible and when it comes
to speed that's the last metric that you want to look at is being conscious and understanding your
break-even speed which is when does the total dollars you spent on ad equal the total uh sales
volume based on cash in and the reason this is so important is you might have a campaign and say hey
listen for every hundred dollars i spend i get a hundred dollars back but listen if it takes you nine
months to get that hundred dollars back you can go broke waiting for it you know there are companies
like agora financial that have deep pockets and they can wait they can wait months and months and
months and months they can wait not six months nine months to break even the average entrepreneur
cannot you will have a cash issue so you need to know for your different offers what the break-even
speed is and you might find that in a certain stage you need to go with an offer that doesn't
have as good of an roi but has a better break-even speed because there's cash is part of that
ability and speed to scale um and again you know a campaign could have fantastic roi does not mean
you're financially in a position to use that campaign to float the cash right if i tell you
hey man for every coaching app we get you know we get a you know three x roi in nine months it's like
well can you float that much can you float spending five hundred thousand dollars even a hundred dollars
a day for nine months before you start making that money back uh most you know new entrepreneurs
so long entrepreneurs don't have those kinds of pockets to do that
so there you have it jean michel are you still there are you still breathing let me see yeah
that was so great yeah yeah and that's it man that's that's the lowdown that's what i mean there's
a lot of other stuff you could look at um but those are the essentials um you have any questions on
that or or you you're gonna go watch it on on on half speed after this a second time that was so great
thanks so much and it's 12 59 so i actually i kept my promise for everybody and i kept to the
schedule for everyone so uh does anybody have any final questions you're absolutely welcome uh pleasure
pleasure conrad happy to do it uh happy to do it jean michel as well and neil um any final questions
again all the replays will be up within 24 hours yes it is all yes andrew it is recorded it'll be up in
the members area within about 24 hours so you can watch it uh and watch it on half speed or at least
three-quarter speed or at least maybe the same speed but the second time uh makes that much more
sense but really again you know you can get into and i'll leave you with one last golden nugget a
million dollar nugget listen when it comes to metrics i've fallen in this trap before don't do it
please listen to me i love uh i love the i love metrics i love the complexity and all the deep
stuff you can do but don't fall into the mistake of making things so complicated that you lose sight
of the essentials and the basics that you need to know honestly all that other stuff is interesting
all these other different calculations you could do but what i just shared with you
that is the essential you get that right and you know those numbers consistently you can make the
right decisions and you'll be ahead of 99 of the people out there uh and andrew if you have a
question later the best thing to do you just want to either if you want me to answer it live you can
certainly post it up and we could answer it on the next live call with you together uh or you could
just post it up in the traffic channel inside of a and m in slack uh where not only myself but the
other a and m members will contribute and share with you absolutely pleasure to have you here nadine as
well so everybody have a fantastic week uh enjoyed it some great questions uh appreciate you being a
part of a and m love being a part of your business and your growth and your journey together
uh todd will be waiting for you just six days and 23 hours from now ready to dive in your campaigns
and make them the kind of monster home run campaigns that can scale like crazy and generate
tons of profit so see you all then have a great week
you
