---
title: "Info-Cast-v1.mp4"
date: 2022-06-23
duration: 1h 2m
duration_seconds: 3747
vimeo_id: 723509814
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Info-Cast-v1.mp4

**Date:** 2022-06-23 | **Duration:** 1h 2m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Today, I have something really special together. We're going to take a deep dive into a customer generating method that claims to be unlike anything else out there. In fact, the creator of this method says that it can allow you to sell any product in any Market in any price point no matter what's happening in the economy now. I'm kind of a little skeptical because listen a lot a lot of people make a lot of promises in this world right now, especially, uh, you know around when it comes to how to how to grow an online business and uh, I'm really excited to go on this journey together and take this deep dive because after myself being an online entrepreneur for well over a decade the number one problem. I've seen over and over again with small business owners entrepreneurs is the lack of ability to consistently get new customers.

Or clients depending on what you're doing. And this is the exact problem that today's guest says that people solve for you once and for all the method we're going to be discussing has actually been around for and used for six consecutive years. There are some of the biggest names out there in the online, uh, marketing business world like Russell Brunson Ryan Levesque, Jeff Walker that are absolutely raving about this method, uh, it's being used in over 75, uh, 45 countries 70 niches around the world and and there's just uh, It's a lot to live up to uh, and so I'm excited to get the Creator on here and especially get into some of the ways that he says it works because he says that it doesn't matter if you're good at marketing. It doesn't matter. If you don't even like Market or you don't have any copy chops, this will still work for you.

Uh, and in fact, it doesn't even matter what type of funnel you're using. So for those of you that are the webinar folks out there the phone sales folks. Maybe you do, uh selling from the stage. He claims that her work from you for you. No matter what or how you're selling.

You're going to be able to get new customers and clients. And so by the end of this episodes together, we're gonna find out uh, really if this is the answer to never being ignored again in your Market never struggle to get new buyers again, uh and exactly what it can do for you a little before we jump in and I bring our our special guest in just a little bit just to tease you just a little bit of the results and why I'm so excited about us to take this journey together on what I've heard about this. So first of all, uh, there's an account of a student who had never sold anything online had a family of four kids who was unemployed kind of falling behind on the mortgage and after he installed this method in his business was able to generate his first thousand dollars a day, which is fantastic right who wouldn't love that. I'd love that you'd love that and then a year later has built a million dollar business based on this methodology selling just one product and zero employees, uh, another one spent a single after Afternoon with the creator of this methodology and employ just one part of this method and led to uh, becoming a best-selling author and also building a multi-million dollar Empire on this single, uh profitable or scalable idea that he came up with. Uh, and you're also going to get a story from about a gentleman one of the strangest products you've ever heard being sold online and how this method even helped him.

Get into big box chain re-towers Nationwide and sell over a million dollars of product. And so really really excited to share this with you. And so I'm going to bring on our special guest. Uh, are you there? Let me just kind of Click.

Hey, how are you Todd? I'm doing great man. Glad to be here. Cool cool. So for everybody that uh, maybe you've heard about you maybe I haven't heard anything about you at this point, but uh, they certainly going to know a lot about you by the end of our time together a little introduction Who You Are So, uh first and foremost, I like to say I'm a kid at heart who grew up in central, New Jersey.

So when you hear the Jersey Shore, that was me the original back in the day, uh, I kind of grew up on a professional level in the fitness industry where I was first exposed to business growth methods and marketing and advertising and and all of that stuff. Um, and that's really at the time that I fell in love with what it is that we're going to talk about, uh today fast forward to today many decades later. I am happily married 22 years to my best friend Kelly. I've got two daughters in um in college soon to be both in the medical Arena, which I'm super excited about. Uh, and I'm blessed today to get to work with entrepreneurs in all different types of markets selling and marketing all different types of products and services.

Uh, And I'm really blessed to be considered the go-to guy when it comes to helping folks grow. Awesome. Well, listen, uh, can I ask you a quick little question before we get rolling? Sure. So, uh, you know, I I know I I the way I came across is, you know, seeing you speak on a number of just very big and prestigious stages being a lot of different podcasts around.

Um, and I want to do something a little different today and so my goal is myself our listeners. We want to go deep we want to really dig and so, uh, I'm gonna ask you I'm actually from Jersey as well if I can be a little unabashed and uninhibited and uh, you know, we don't, you know, I know you're a great teacher educator. I've heard that before about you, but I want to get to the nitty-gritty and and so I want to ask if I have your permission to just Just get to it and get down to it. And and uh, ask the questions that I know that's burning on. Everybody's Minds especially those entrepreneurs that have heard it all before Seen It All Before I love it.

Let's do it man. I would expect nothing less. Okay. So, uh, so first thing, you know, you you've developed and created a method, uh, that since that's being installed into businesses call the E5 method. Uh, it's been used for.

Uh, I believe it's six years now, is that right? Yes, okay. So for six years it's being used. So so let's start off. What does E5 even mean?

So first and foremost E5 is a customer or client acquisition system for entrepreneurs and business owners that feel that they have a fantastic product or service and want a proven reliable and consistent way to get new buyers new clients new customers into their business five because it is a five-stage process and E because each of the five stages begin with the letter e like examine engineer evaluate and so on. Gotcha, and you you mentioned a word right there. You said it's a proven process. So what makes it proven it's proven because it's got first of all, like you said, it's got a six-year track record. So unlike fads and Trends things that come and go and and folks that have been around for any significant length of time.

They've they've seen people promote these things and then the next day or two weeks later. They're promoting something else. This is a methodology that we install in businesses for entrepreneurs and business owners that has been working continuously for six years. It works in almost every Marketplace that you can imagine. It works for almost any type of product or service that you can imagine and it turns sporadic results into consistent reliable predictable sales income and profits and we've got the track record to back that up.

Yeah. Wow, that's everybody there. Listen just clarify. That's powerful. What uh what Taja shared because I know I'm on so many email lists and I I get a promotion and I'm like, this looks great and then like six months later the person that said that that was gonna solve all my problems isn't even selling that anymore isn't even in business and it's like or they're selling something else and it's like well six months ago, you told me that was the answer.

Did you were you wrong then or were you were you only was that the best you could do at the time and so seeing that you've had the conviction to stay with it for six years, uh says a lot and so, you know, I want to get in we're going to get into the how like how this thing works, but I want to start telling the story. How did you come up with? method so yeah, it's a it's it's a great question. So I really had the Good Fortune early on in my entrepreneurial journey to uh to get access to two different worlds and I got to see the best of the best in terms of business growth methods from each of these worlds. So I got to spend a lot of time behind the scenes with some of the the best entrepreneurs in the typical online e-commerce World seeing what was working what wasn't working.

What was really putting up the numbers on that side and uh, unlike the majority of kind of of experts out there if you will and there are a lot of great experts out there. So I don't want to uh, diminish anybody but unlike the majority. I also spent a tremendous amount of time in the big wildly successful direct response publishing arena with companies like the Agora companies and the the motley Fools and and so on and I got to see what it is that they were doing that was working that was putting up tremendous numbers over here that this side the online e-commerce folks the online entrepreneurs that they weren't doing. So I got to see The Best of Both Worlds and I also got to see what each space what what those worlds weren't doing that the others were doing and what I did really was I took the best from both of those worlds and I brought it together into one seamless system better than what it is that the online e-commerce world was doing and really better than what it is that the big direct response publishing Arena was doing and that kind of combining into one seamless methodology that could be installed in a business. Is really why both Arenas entrepreneurs companies business owners from both of those Arenas do so well with the E5 method, you know, Damian, I I like to think of it as crazy as this little analogy or example might sound I like to think of it as imagine that you were a warrior and you were potentially doing battle with let's say ninjas and samurais.

I feel like that's my daily life is battling with ninjas. Well, listen any podcast episode that gets into ninjas and samurais, uh, you gotta love uh, and I have no idea if ninjas and samurais. I I know nothing about it, but other than this example, I think really for me resonates and like you're doing battle with ninjas and you're doing battle with samurais and you step back and you're able to look at what ninjas are doing that is working. So well, what's the best of the best in their approach and what is not effective or or not as effective as it could be in their Approach and then you do the same thing with the Samurais and you look at the best of the best at what they're doing. And also what is not as effective as it could be for them and you take the best methods from the Samurais and you take the best methods from the ninjas and you bring them together into one new and Superior battle approach you now have a wild Advantage if you do battle with ninjas, you have a superior approach.

If you do battle with samurais, you have a superior approach because you brought together the best of each of those worlds into something new into a singular system that again is not only different but is better than each. That's the E5 method. Wow, so it's like you got a A one-of-a-kind backstage pass for years to go behind the curtain of businesses that most people don't even understand that they exist that are doing million dollars a day is is not uncommon and and really glean their methods and then say well how does this help the average business owner entrepreneur to create more predictable results than they've ever experienced it am I getting that right? Yeah. It really was a tremendous blessing because like I said, you know, you know, it's it's it's so interesting how these two worlds even though they're both, you know, they're both producing Sales Online new customers new clients selling subscriptions continuity all all of that, even though they're they're kind of producing the same result their approach and the way that they go about uh, bringing those sales to fruition were wildly different and so getting to see more than one perspective getting to see more than one approach.

Coach was just an incredible blessing because like I said, I got to see where they were shining and also where they were struggling and where this side was shining and where they were struggling and I was able to pick you know, the the best of each and bring them together and it's kind of funny in in the spirit of transparency. Once I brought them together into this seamless, you know singular process with the best of each and then I brought it back to the direct response publishing Arena. They thought I was a genius and when I brought it over to the online e-commerce World, they thought I was a genius if they only knew that it was just really this, you know, this this Fortune this opportunity to see the best of each and bring it together into one system. Maybe they wouldn't think I'm such a genius but nevertheless they're like three star. Like the first three-star michelinfusion Chef.

I'm not sure what that means but it sounds great. It sounds delicious. Yeah. Um, okay and can you confidently say that there's nothing else being out there that's being taught like this that leverages all those pieces from both those Worlds the way the E5 method does not that I've seen, uh, you know, not that I've seen no, I don't believe that there's anything even remotely close to what it is that uh, the E5 method how it works why it works. Um, because nobody has the nobody's had that Journey that experience you've had I think nobody has you know, I I think very few have had that journey and nobody has uh done what it is that that I've done which is bring it together into this scene seamless singular process that can be installed in in virtually any business.

Yeah, and a little little side note for everybody listening, uh, you know, a little little interesting tidbit about Todd in that journey into that that huge multi-million dollar world of uh, direct response publishing. Uh, am I right you had, uh, you became friends and got uh worked with and also mentored by guys like Michael Masterson best-selling author who I'm sure almost everybody here has heard of and Jay Abraham and and most of the Living Legends in the business. All of them. I don't know if there is a you know something living and and those that have unfortunately, um passed on like I said, it was a tremendous blessing I got to you know, one of the greatest memories that I have was I was invited to present in Nicaragua to some of the biggest, um Publishers in the in that direct response publishing World specifically in the financial publishing Arena. And one night while in Nicaragua on their private Resort, I got to play bocce ball.

And I I played bocce ball. My partner was Michael Masterson. That's his pen name his real name is Mark Ford. Uh, he was my teammate in bocce ball. And we were playing against a gentleman by the name of uh, Porter Stansberry who's whose company just went public and his teammate was legendary copywriter.

Mike Palmer. These are legends in the world of uh of direct response publishing and so to get to spend that time with them and pick their brain and and really see how they think and see how they approach Business Development growth and and really just uh, what it is that they do was was worth its weight in gold and uh, and so like I said that unique experience that unique Journey that unique Insight really came together into this one thing that now both worlds are benefiting. wildly from right and really generating a different result than people have seen before yeah very much. So Which is why we're having you out here, and so let me ask you a question. Before we get into the I want to hear some of the stories some of the in the trenches of what you know, exactly, you know from a high level.

How does it like how is it different? Right, you know because they're what I've what I've noticed is you haven't said this this isn't a copywriting course. You haven't said. Oh, this is a a marketing training program. It's you haven't used any of that terminology.

Like how is this different than what people are being taught or seeing out there. What makes it different? Yeah. So let me start with a kind of an example or an analogy and then we can go as as deep as as you want. So I want you to imagine that we're in let's say a New York City street and there are tons of I was born in Brooklyn.

So that's that's there you go. Okay, and so the street is packed with yellow cabs yellow taxis, and those yellow taxi cab drivers are all competing with one another they're trying to get The next the next fair but they all look very similar, right? They all come across as very similar. It's tough to decipher which one is better, which one is different if any of them are are are different that is a very difficult environment to operate within what happens is and that's really Damian the environment that many entrepreneurs are competing in or attempting to compete on and what the typical a lot of you listening right now, right? Like that's that's what it feels.

Like. I know we have folks listening Todd who are in the fitness space or in the supplement space who might do some Financial stuff like you'd mentioned personal development and obviously, they're not the only one out there. And so you go out there and and obviously, you know, you know how it is. It's like you put your own ad up and next thing, you know, 10 competitors are following you around that's how aggressive it is. And uh, and they just keep making bigger bigger promises and creating more noise and it feels like it's almost impossible, uh to get noticed.

Yeah. And and you know, you're absolutely right you're spot on you know, I mean, like look without getting too far into the weeds, you know differentiation differentiating what it is that you you're bringing to the table what it is that you have to offer what it is that um that you're providing for uh for individuals in your business is at the root is that the foundation of a a business that grows and and thrives and so, you know me the art of meaningful differentiation is really the name of the game when it comes to attracting customers and attracting clients, uh, and and growing your business. And so I want to go back to that little example because I want to I want to give you the end. I want to give you the the victory um picture in just a second. But what most what most entrepreneurs uh, what most business owners are attempting to do is they they're attempting to take their Yellow Cab and scream louder scream a louder promise scream a bigger promise make a bigger claim talk, you know in in more, um hyperbolic ways about how great their cab is what makes it different.

It's a different yellow paint or it's shinier paint or it's cleaner. It's right but yet what they're really doing is they are to the marketplace they're bringing more of the same. Right and they're attempting to Stand Out by screaming a louder promise. Well, I want you to imagine for a second Damien that you pull up you are now the Uber you're the first Uber and you pull up and and you are the Uber in that traffic right in that traffic jam of Yellow Cabs you now have a a way for people to get from point A to point B where they want to go and your way is different. From all of the other yellow taxi cabs and your way is then perceived as better.

You have a different and better way I share that because at the root of the E5 method when you install this method into your business, you become the Uber in a sea of yellow taxi cabs. You're no longer. The one that has to try to scream a louder promise. You're no longer. The one that has to make outrageous and hyperbolic claims.

You don't have to do anything scammy. You don't have to do anything sleazy you are bringing something different and better to the market that the market recognizes immediately and that's really at the heart and soul of what the E5 does for you for a business owner. wow, so so what you're hearing Todd say here is you have the opportunity again, whether you're the the local Fitness owner the Uh mortgage sales broker whatever or you sell a course on how to learn to play music. Uh, no longer being stuck in the sea of Yellow Cabs, but literally imagine if you could be the Uber right? There's no more.

There's no comparison. There's when people when I think about taking an Uber, I'm like, oh maybe go do Uber Yellow Cab today. It's just I'm getting a new right if I boom I there's no competition. Uh fact of the matter is Uber could even change their prices quite a bit charge even more I wouldn't even notice because I don't compare them. I don't even pay attention.

Yeah and gaming you let me jumping flip in the game instead of being the one who's ignored. You make it that your prospects start ignoring everybody else. Yeah, and that's spot on and let me say something because I want to clarify something right. So what I'm not, you know, like it you said whether you whether you have a a fitness offer whether you're a realtor whether you're selling a you know, a a widget whether you have a course whether you have an agency, right and and what unfortunately most entrepreneurs think they think that they are A yellow taxi cab and they think that therefore they have to try to get attention the same way all the other yellow taxi cabs are trying to get attention. They think that they have to go about acquiring clients and customers the same way the other yellow taxi cabs are doing it.

What the E5 method does is it changes the game? It changes the focus it changes the attention of the marketplace so that you no longer appear as a yellow taxi cab, but you appear as the new fresh different and Superior Uber. And so what I'm not talking about here is you don't need some disruptive technology or some brand new product or service or you know something that you just invented that's, you know, completely different on every level from the folks that you are competing with. This is a methodology that turns you from being perceived viewed and treated as just another Yellow Taxi Cab. Have into being viewed, um as the new different and Superior Uber in the marketplace.

And so you get attention you get treated differently you get clicks you get right you get consumption of your of your of your messaging you your positioning changes. It just changes the entire game. Yeah. So so listen listen to that. I'm so glad you said that because that was a question.

I was wondering about so it's not about me changing my product or my model but it's actually changing the positioning of it so that it's perceived in a different way. It's perceived as being more desirable more Superior and completely different than anything else out there, uh, which a lot of people you know, I know don't realize that right. I mean, uh, they don't realize and what's interesting is I know, you know, that really caught my attention is that this is not about becoming a superior copywriter or Superior marketer, even if you know for some folks some folks don't even like marketing marketing is kind of like one of those icky words. I It works without any of that or even having slick sales skills or or anything like that. That's sort of all this there's this funny movement happening right now.

That's like hey, you could sell High to just get people on the phone. Oh, you still gotta have to know how to close them which literally most people have no clue how to close and and they hate doing it and so can can you tell me and maybe you know for everybody listening give us walk us through a very specific. Uh client or student an example of why this doesn't rely on on special marketing skills or copy skills and and and how that's all possible and and the types of results and impact that it has when it's done and installed right in a business to C5. Yeah. So I will uh, so let me give you another example and then I'm going to give you an actual individual that likely many of your listeners may may be familiar with so the question of and you're you're absolutely spot on the one thing that or one of the things that makes the E5 method and installing this in your business wildly different from what most entrepreneurs are being taught about, you know funnels and aggressive marketing and and copywriting is that the E5 method doesn't require the great copywriting chops.

It doesn't require require Savvy or slick marketing skills or you know, or or or sales chops. I for one I'm gonna tell you I'm going to tell you so I I you know, I for one first of all, I I hate sales. I've never enjoyed sales. I don't like selling fortunately when you know, fortunately when you have a method or a system like E5, it makes selling Superfluous. It makes it unnecessary.

I want to I want to give you a little example and then I'm going to give you a real world case study. So here's a here's an example. It's a little bit, uh might be a little bit. It's it's a little bit out of reality. But I want you to just think about this for one second.

I want you to imagine Damien that you are you just just forever as opposed to the very realistic ninja and Samurai. There you go. Correct. The ninja samurai was authentic. But so I want you to imagine for one second that uh that you and I were each selling or attempting to sell a vehicle each.

We were both attempting to sell a vehicle for let's say, um seventy thousand dollars and the vehicle that you were selling was a beat up VW. You truck with a rusted front driver side quarter panel. No AC AM FM radio and some torn up vinyl bucket seats in in your thing. And you're you're now attempting to sell that thing for 70 grand. Now, let's say that also for 70 grand.

I am offering to sell a brand new gunmetal Aston Martin, uh with, you know, all the bells and whistles right fully loaded gorgeous. What is arguably a 300 000 vehicle and I am also offering that for seventy thousand well for you to sell your VW truck your banged up truck. You better have some serious marketing chops copywriting chops and sales skills in order to sell that but for me in order to find a buyer for this brand new Aston Martin at seventy thousand dollars. I don't need to be a wizard marketer. I don't need to be a wizard copywriter.

I don't need to have crazy sales skills. And I'm going to be able to sell that bad boy and sell that bad boy quick. Probably the biggest obstacle that I would have is convincing people that this was a legit authentic vehicle. And so that's an example of a real a real world example granted an exaggerated one, but a real world example of how when done right you still can sell like crazy without needing marketing crazy marketing chops crazy sales chops crazy, um copywriting skills. It makes me think of a client who wanted to install the E5 method in his business.

Uh, this is a guy that introduced himself to me when I was at a conference. I believe I was speaking at one of the traffic and conversion Summits and he approached me introduced himself. He was dressed to the nines hanky sticking out of his jacket, you know, look looked unbelievable came up to me and said, hey just want to introduce myself. My name is Todd Herman. I'm a Big fan of of yours.

I'd love to work with you at some point, but I just wanted to introduce myself. Uh, I was immediately Blown Away, by the way, that this dude looked and the fact that he took the time to just come over introduce himself and not ask for for anything. Well later Todd decided that he was gonna he was gonna um pay a bunch of money to fly into West Palm Beach to meet with me in our war room gorgeous overlooking the water to learn the E5 method and have it installed in his business. Now Todd is a performance coach. He's worked with athletes.

He's actually worked with some professional teams. He helps people to excel uh, in in in their personal performance in their personal development if you will and there's there's tons of performance coaches out. It is a super competitive marketplace with a a lot of money behind some of these other performance coaches tons of great of great performance coaches with a lot of money behind their their marketing and advertising budgets and and all of that. So, how do you compete? How does a guy like Todd Herman break into that Marketplace and and not just compete but win well, I can tell you not by thinking like a yellow taxi cab owner not by trying to scream a louder promise than Tony Robbins or Brendan Bouchard or any of these other, uh performance, um coaches we needed to differentiate and during right we needed to we needed to show the marketplace that he had something that he has something different and something better.

Well, it was during the examination stage the first stage of the E5 method. I was leading him through this and he said something to me he said his methodology was Like developing an alter ego. And I stopped him. And I said Todd that's that's it. That is what we call in our world without going down too far in this rabbit hole.

That's what we call the unique mechanism and I'll tell you that we then took that unique mechanism this Alter Ego effect as we then um named it. And Todd used that and his E5 campaign installed in his business to go on and do millions of dollars. In fact, when he first launched his first program, he texted me in less than 24 hours later after they began to accept sales. They were already at eight hundred thousand dollars. He's gone on to build multiple multi-million dollar programs.

He became a best-selling author of the book by the same name the alter ego effect, uh, and the guy now has a an Empire and I'm you know, really blessed and grateful to to get to say that I believe we played a a small role in helping him identify the unique mechanism that he then turned into his uh, his E5 campaign installed it in his business and the rest is history. No longer viewed as more of the same no longer viewed as just another competitor now today viewed as somebody that's got something different. And Superior something new to offer the marketplace and because of that which was the foundation of his E5 campaign, right because of that he's gone on to do some tremendous tremendous things. So so I I I I can't help because I know that I'm not the only one I know a lot of our listeners would like to just go a little bit further down the rabbit hole. So so you had mentioned this term a unique mechanism.

It's it's I I am familiar enough to know it's part of that E5 method. Uh, so is that kind of just coming up with a catchy or unique phrase that that sets you apart? Is that is that what our listeners need to to just do to get some kind of you know, everybody here get get a Todd Herman 800 000 a day one. No, absolutely not. So the you know, the reality is is that what you just mentioned?

Coming up with some whiz-bang name and then and then, you know slapping it onto your product or service, uh or into your funnel or whatever. It may be. That's the big mistake that folks are are making now as the the idea of the unique mechanism in the E5 method becomes that much more popular, uh, and is being talked about the reality is is that at the root of an E5 Campaign which is installed in your business. Uh, what we're ultimately doing is we're we're really we are not pitching a product. We're not we're not trying to like, we're not using salesmanship and print or slick copy to talk up with hype um and hyperbolic claims about a product.

What we're doing is we're really allowing the entrepreneur to highlight. How their product or their service or their methodology Works in a unique way and it's all right. It's a formula. It's a process that we teach uh, and that becomes the unique mechanism we could spend hours talking about just this this one topic alone, but what it leads to is it leads to a a different type of a different type of campaign a different type of message that uh positions you as the entrepreneur is an authority as an expert delivers value builds Goodwill demonstrates. What makes you your product your service different and better than every other option and does it in a way that is wildly different in tone in feel than what the majority of entrepreneurs out.

There are attempting to do by screaming louder promises and making more exaggerated claims. hmm and and so you're really talking about you know, what's interesting because everybody out there you're listening. You know that there's something about you. That's special. That's why you do the business you do is why you do the service you created the product you created and what Todd's saying here is now there's the opportunity to turn that into something that done the right way actually gets you more customers more clients and possibly even be able to charge more money for what you do.

Is that right? Absolutely. Absolutely. I mean in terms of results, right? So one of the common questions that I get asked is like what is the what's the results?

What's the outcome? Like when I install an E5 right when I install E5 in my business, what will I experience? And so if I can I want to take just 60 seconds to to kind of go through this and I'll share an example or two. So first and foremost the the most valuable thing that the that installing the E5 method does for an entrepreneur is it gives it brings consistent? In predictable reliable sales, so no more and that's the most important thing right to any to any everybody here.

You're listening. You know that right like it is the engine of your business. No, no new customers and clients. No business it is. That's the most important thing right everything else that can fix everything else you get new customers.

You can fix every other problem business disorganized. Would you have any questions? You can fix everything else right? That's the lifeblood. That's the lifeblood Damian.

That's the lifeblood the backbone of every business when a business is unable to I I don't care what stage the business is in right when a business is unable to consistently predictably and reliably acquire new customers new buyers new clients, whatever it may be they really don't have a business. It's only a matter of time before they either go out of business or they're never able to gain traction and it's the number one struggle or frustration for the overwhelming majority of entrepreneurs is never getting to the point where every day When they log on to Gmail or their their email, they're not right. They they don't see those sales notifications coming in. I want your folks. Number one first and foremost your listeners to imagine every morning waking up logging into your email platform and seeing new sales notifications from new customers or new buyers or new clients coming in every day, like clockwork and knowing that they're going to continue to come in day after day week after week month after month.

So first and foremost what you will see when you install the E5 method in your business is consistent predictable reliable new sales coming into your business. It takes care of the most important part of every business and lays the foundation for you being able to To grow a business. It also enables you does it matter. Let me just jump in for a second. Does it matter where that traffic comes from?

I know some folks get traffic from organic. They might get affiliate traffic. They might they run pay-per-click on Facebook. YouTube gdn, doesn't matter where they're getting their traffic from it doesn't matter at all. Right assuming that for one second that they're the right people are coming to their their website.

Right? Like no, it doesn't matter whether they're getting whether they're getting uh traffic from YouTube ads or Facebook ads or or listings in in the search engines or social media traffic or referrals. It does not matter this works for every source of traffic again just based on the assumption that we're bringing the right people to the um to the uh to the site. So again, I just want to stress this right what we're talking about here is no more ups and downs no more Peaks and valleys no more wondering right? What's next week going to look like in terms of sales?

Where is the next sale going to come from? And when is it going to come in? All that is is is is is is is completely gone. The other thing Damien is that and and this is part of why um is that I want you to imagine that Now you your stuff is no longer your your your business your your messaging your your brand is no longer lost in all of the noise meaning in all with it's no longer being ignored. Uh, you're it's no longer difficult to get attention in a sea of ads in a sea of emails in a sea of marketing funnels instead with the E5 method you stand out because of the difference in the messaging because you've got something unique and Superior very similar to that example of sea of Yellow Cabs and you pull up in this gorgeous magnificent different and Superior Uber.

So you get more clicks on your ads you get more opens and Clicks in your um your emails you get more engagement on your social media posts, you get more consumption of your messaging and you get more new buyers coming in, uh, um every day even this Is effective both when you're acquiring buyers and for uh, reselling the buyers it reminds me of one of our students long time E5, uh, user Sharon D. And by the way, we've got this wall of fame. Some people call it proof. But this just this endless wall of if you haven't seen the wall. You need to check out the wall.

I I I think it's pretty impressive. Well, every time I thought I was at the bottom of the wall. It just kept going and and this is again this isn't just like a spike. This is just over and over six years over and over again the E5 method producing these results and so tell us about uh, Sharon D. Yeah.

So Sharon is um, such a gentle song. I think I saw her on the site. She's yeah gentle soul. She's in one of the videos. There's also a message that she shared on that wall of fame, uh, gentle soul.

She's in the cranial sacral. Uh, like therapy Arena. I don't even know what that is. And and you know to make a long story real short. She used, uh, the E5 method installed in her business rolled out a higher ticket, uh program to to existing buyers.

That's what's called the back end. So it was a second offer and she sold out the program in eight days the first and only time that she's ever been able to to do that with a higher ticket, uh ticket program. And so you can use the E5 method to sell out, you know programs on the on the back end. You also can experience with the E5 with Sharon. So just give me a little bit more of a glimpse.

What did she do? What was she doing before that? Either wasn't working or getting very mediocre results and then and then what? What what happened with the E5 method that flipped the switch that suddenly she's now selling out of a program that she could barely even sell before. Yeah, so I would say that the simplest way for for me to explain it for your for your folks and at some point in the future.

Maybe I come back for a second episode and we can get um, you know, even more more deep but what what she was doing prior was pretty much what the majority of entrepreneurs try to do online and that is they were really kind of modeling and modeling what everybody else was was doing. So what she was really ultimately trying to say was that she's you know, she's just got a a better a better program. It was kind of like she was trying to say she had a better taxi cab with all the taxi cabs around her and what she was able to do with the E5 method was she was able to identify the The unique mechanism what made her program different what made her program special uh, and we were able to bring that unique mechanism front and center use some education based messaging in there to demonstrate what what was different about her methodology why it was so uh, so effective and so much more effective than everything else and that one simple shift now granted there are nuances. Of course, there are nuances to installing the E5 method, but that one simple shift changed the entire Dynamic feel Vibe and of course results, whereas before she was struggling and now with that new E5 campaign installed sold out in in eight days. One little component of the E5 method.

Yeah, that's of course, right that's you know, the this identifying of identifying presenting the unique mechanism unique mechanism is all part of the second stage of the E5 method, which is the engineering stage. And so the last thing that I'll just say as it relates to results naming that I just wanted to mention was you can also have record-breaking months and a great example of this is it reminds me of this student. This is an incredible an incredible experience not not rare, but an incredible experience Adam C. Now, the interesting thing about Adam was that he's based in Germany. And so his first language was not English.

He was in the kind of the dating, um space over there and he wasn't getting the results that he was after he was doing. Okay, right he was doing he was doing okay. In fact, he was doing about a hundred thousand dollars a year now, you'll also see him on the on the wall of fame if you choose to look at that. Uh, he was doing about a hundred thousand dollars a year. And so nothing, you know, not nothing to sneeze at but he really wanted to grow his business and he wanted to grow his business fairly quickly.

And so we wanted to install the the E5 method after hearing so much about it. And so he came and he worked with us. So he got hand-holding coaching and guidance. Now the interesting thing was that everything that he did had to be translated into English. So he didn't even have right it wasn't his first language and so he would translate everything from German into English and then we would give him the guidance the feedback the direction he would make the changes and Adam turned his annual income of a hundred thousand dollars into his monthly income Adam went from a hundred thousand dollars a year a kid who in the dating space right a kid who didn't even speak English as his first language, right?

He was able to turn his annual income of a hundred thousand dollars into his monthly income doing a hundred thousand. Dollars plus every month with a single E5 campaign installed in his business. And so it just changes the game Damien. I I I think one of the stories that touched me I I did I I'll confess I I spent some time on the wall and uh was a story about Jared, you know, a guy who was who was uh, you know, I think he was a worship leader out of church and unfortunately his position got eliminated decided like a lot of folks. Well, I guess I'll try to create my own business online tried some Amazon Drop Shipping some other stuff could not get anything going uh, and kind of took his his last chip.

So to speak it was his last swing of the bad and said, I'm gonna I'm gonna give this E5 method everything I got I'm gonna I'm gonna go all in and uh, he ended up, uh, launching an academy did a thousand dollar a day, but what really moved me, uh, you know, which was a game changer, right, you know guy, you know with a mortgage kids all that stuff was that uh, I saw that he messaged almost a year later and Said that he did his first million dollars on one product but no employees all from installing this method into his business. Yeah. I'm impressed. I'm impressed that you you got the gist of of his of his story on that on that wall of fame. You're absolutely right.

I think the thing that you know, I'll add to that that really just really resonated deeply with me was when Jared in in his video when he was sharing his journey, right? This is a guy who he was he was an employee and his his position was eliminated and so he wanted to take care of his family. And so he said, let me try my hand at this online thing and he followed the typical common approach that so many follow and he struggled and he was down to his last, you know bit of money and and he talked about the fear and the anxiety that he had of what was he going to do if this didn't work, what would he have to do to take care of his family but yet in spite of that. You know that that fear you made the decision, I guess after having seen all the other success stories and hearing the buzz about E5 he decided I want to install this in in my business and but the the other thing that Damien that I that I love was that he went with he didn't just try to launch a business like he was doing before he said I was a worship leader at a church. I want to teach other people how to play worship music.

It's what I'm passionate about. It's what I'm excited about. It's what I love. It's what I feel like I'm called to do and so I'm going to take my last hurray and I'm going to see if I can make it work with this thing that I am passionate about and he installed the E5 method and like you said without repeating it, you know, he ended up he made he had his first like, you know made his first thousand dollar had his first thousand dollar day and that at that point in that first video clip. He said he knew that like his life would never be the same even just with that first thousand dollars and then of course with the track record of E5 5 having him share an update that this guy who not that long ago didn't even know what he was going to do man to pay his bills to take care of his family now talking about I just did a million dollars with a single product right like a single E5 campaign installed in his business.

I I can't wait to see what this next year brings for Jared. It's it's unbelievable. I I think what really, uh moved me and why I remembered it. So well is because at the end he he had said something along the line, so don't don't quote me. He said, um, he said who knew uh a guy with no hair and crooked teeth.

Yeah could make a living teaching online and you know, and so you see sort of that humility and that that he even a little bit of insecurity at the time and then realizing man this guy is this guy's living the dream now and it's so interesting. You said that word for everybody listening now, you know, like most of you you're not no offense. They're not like you they're not passionate about getting new right? They're passionate about teaching the worship music getting people to get the right relationship getting people to lose weight getting people to achieve their goals have a supplement. They're passionate about all that what you're passionate about.

Is getting them the new customers and clients every day so they can change the world so they can help people and when you put that together, that's when something magical happens and I think that's what's so exciting. And and so for people out here, you know that they're you know, we have listeners all across the world all across every Market every Niche even some bizarre out there. What's one entertain me tell me what is one of the strangest uh markets or niches you've ever seen in E5, uh campaign, uh method get installed into and and did it actually work at all. Did it were you able to get any results? Yeah, so the one of the strangest and there have been many strange.

I mean, uh, you know, I I think today if you go so just yeah, so yeah, there have been many many many strange products Services weird things that uh, took off with an E5 campaign installed, but probably one of the one of the strangest and also one of the nearest and dearest to uh to my heart, uh was a gentleman, uh named David P David P came to work with us on our team. He will he started out doing inside sales for us. Now. He had no kind of background in the in the like the marketing world or the advertising world what he was doing prior was he was selling like home security systems, um, door-to-door and one day, you know, David saw he he would see the updates from clients and students and he just loved seeing the impact that we were having on people's lives and And so David said I really want to learn to do what you do Todd. Like I want to understand this E5 method.

Um, and uh, and I wanna I wanna be kind of you know, I want to be in that department in the company and so I could tell that he was just excited about the E5 method and learning it and like understanding it and so I decided to do something with him that I've never done before and I decided I was gonna I was gonna uh, Apprentice David and but I said to him I said David, I want you to you pick the the product the marketplace and then we're gonna we're gonna build like a legit E5 like we're gonna deploy and install legit E5 Uh system and so that's when David proposed to me something that I knew nothing about and never heard of before what little did I know that David's family were these big? Um, I don't know what you call it, like chicken fans. They have pet chickens in their house. Yeah. Well, I I I don't even know what the I had no idea that these were like in existence outside of you know farms and he said he said Todd he said we you know, he said basically to shortcut the story.

He said, you know my product that I love to figure out how to Market are these mealworms he figured out a way to uh to develop or or have these meal worms that were just packed with much greater nutrition than yeah. So foster six, so we're talking right? So most of the people here are coaches they have courses maybe supplements, maybe software you're talking about selling more of a worm. A worm not selling more of a worm. It was a worm.

It was a meal worm like so right it was these were meal where these were bad bags of of mealworms. Now, you would think like more worm cells? Yeah, like and now look I gotta be honest on the surface. I'm like man, we have used E5 and installed E5 in some businesses with some crazy products some you know, I'm like man this is this is no joke long story real short. So we went through this process over uh, uh a few months with David and I'm gonna I'm gonna skip the I'm gonna get to the end and and say that David then went on to begin to sell his um, his mealworms.

He ended up gaining such kind of um, notoriety or I should really say like his reputation grew in the marketplace because he was standing out different Superior that he got picked up by I believe three large retail chains that now carry his product and Damien check this out. Earlier this year. I texted David to wish him a happy New Year texted me back. Of course, very kind very cool message and then he said you're never gonna believe it. He said last year.

We did a million bucks in worm in the sale of his worms. Wow. And so yeah, that was pretty crazy. But it worked so the the E5 method taking a worm. To a national big box change and selling over a million dollars.

So if you're listening right now, it doesn't you could have literally a worm. And and this this can do something for you. So so we're talking about uh being able to install this E5 method not worrying about hiring people from different countries learning how to write code buying all this fancy expensive software right. Now. Anybody you're online right now, you can put the E5 uh method in your visit if you're wondering how you can do it Todd right now tell me if I have this right you have a complete three-month program where anybody at their own pace can install the E5 method step by step in their business with you teaching them every step of the way showing them exactly what to do as if they were they were building something amazing and cool at home.

That was fun and and and every worksheet every exercise every single thing. Uh, so that they can very systematically install an E5 method the right way into the business. Absolutely. It's called E5 Camp. It is probably the the single thing in my two decade plus during Attorney that I am most proud of we took this entire methodology and put put it into a program that people could use on their own their own timeline, uh, and install it with their in their business.

Excuse me, with tremendous confidence everything that they need from A to Z. All led by me everything that they need to have the E5 method installed in their business. Uh, is there inside of E5 cam the only thing that I'll add Damian the only little tweak that I'll make is that while we like to say it's a multi-month program for those folks listening that are motivated ambitious that want to go at a quicker Pace. They can we've had folks that have installed the E5 method in their business in as little as 28 days. And so for those that are go-getters that are motivated that are ambitious they could certainly do it in a number of of week.

But again, they get lifetime access to this program. They can use it over and over as many times as they want to install an E5 campaign into their current business into a new venture or something like that. Um, and and the beautiful thing too Damien is that what I like to say is they're not they not only get the hand holding Direction guidance to install it in their business, but I'm going to teach folks or they're going to learn if they choose to how to uh how to use the nuances of this methodology to scale a business as fast and as big as they want, so they're going to really they're going to be able to install it and they're going to be able to master it if they want and the results are just tremendous and so in as little as Is 28 days you heard you're able to get this E5 method install their business solve. The number one problem. The number one most important thing in your business, which is Getting those new customers clients every day and and you had spoken about the results and what I found was very interesting was when I was on that wall.

I know you also uh do direct facilitating where you directly work with people that want, uh, you know, really want to work with somebody a coach a facilitator, you know, obviously that's a more expensive Service. Uh, but what was interesting is that there were just as many if not more results of people that just went through this E5 camp program, uh, because that's how proud about it is. They were just able to just do it as long as they willing to do the work as you always say I I saw a video very do the works. Those are willing to do the work they can get those results. That's how powerful and proven this methodology is.

Yeah, some of the most popular online entrepreneurs marketers experts many of which you know, the folks will will recognize your went through E5 camp. Learned E5 camp and then since have gone on to become really household names in their markets and niches on their own and so it is for anybody that wants to install this system the E5 method in their business to consistently predictably reliably get new buyer sales clients customers from any source of traffic paid or organic. There is nothing better than this method. There's nothing better than the E5 system and E5 Camp is the way that you can do it on your own in whatever timeline you want. And this is the same exact method you've used to build your own multi-million dollar business the same method that uh, you know, Todd Herman paid, you know, five figures for a single day to help get part of this just part of this method installed in this business same method that we heard about Jared and Saul that got him to his first thousand dollars a day every day and then got into same exact method they're going to be able Able to install that and they're going to have every worksheet every piece step by step.

So even if they're no Tech special Tech requirements, even if they're not a copywriter or they even don't like marketing at all. You're saying they're going to be able to do this. Absolutely. This is the same method that I taught to Matt basak to Ed Dale to Kevin Rogers to Justin Brooke to Sean Donahoe, uh to the Sam cart guys. Uh, you name it.

I mean you you name it you're going to see the folks that have gone through this and have gone on to be household names. The number one expert the number one business the number one Authority in their Marketplace using the same methodology that now, uh, your folks are going to be able to install in their business with E5 camp. All right. Well Todd, thank you so much for your time here today. Uh, I appreciate you you put up really.

Well. I I know I uh, I probably pepper dude a lot more questions than most folks do and so thank you. Thank you. You got it, man. You did great.

All right, thank you. Take care. And so wow, so you're listening. Uh, this is this is it right solving the number one most important part of your business making sure that you get new customers and clients imagine that for just a second. Close your eyes.

And say I am never going to struggle to get new customers and clients today. I'm going to have new customers and clients every day. And now this is the opportunity getting this E5 method properly installed in your business. You've we've heard the proof we came in here and and looking at it. You know, like I I don't know what else I could possibly be looking for.

You could be looking for that. We've seen right a six-year track record coming, uh from the Legends, uh of marketing and business building. That's where this methodology is coming from and it's unlike anything else out there and it shows because it's generating result unlike anything else out there. It's not a fad. It's a proven method over six.

Consecutive years, uh, and the best part is about this whole thing that I love, uh is that you don't have to decide today is that you have an opportunity to hop right in start installing the E5 method take an entire month. And if for some reason any crazy reason, uh, you know, we decide hey, it's not for us. No problem. Uh, you know, Todd stands behind what he does. He's a man of his word.

And so, uh, it costs you absolutely uh, nothing and so you don't even have to decide today. You just have to take action. So if it's you you say man, uh, man real woman, I need more buyers. I need more sales. I don't want to struggle, you know, you have a product and a great service and you just want to solve this once and for all And you know that you know, all these new Magic tactics out.

There are not the answer, you know, you're ready to do the work as Todd says you're ready to sit down and do the work. There's nothing better that I could recommend than to do this right now, uh, again the proof the industry endorsements and then hearing from the Creator himself today. Um, this is it and so hope you enjoyed I hope you enjoy the special here as well. And uh, see you next time.
