---
title: "June 28, 2018"
date: 2018-07-17
duration: 46m
duration_seconds: 2807
vimeo_id: 280300477
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# June 28, 2018

**Date:** 2018-07-17 | **Duration:** 46m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Hello, everybody. Welcome to Acquire and Monetize live traffic Q&A. You're listening to the voice
of your host, Damian Lanfranchi, Todd Brown's partner at Marketing Funnel Automation and COO,
and resident traffic guy that runs all our traffic, does all our stuff, clicks all the
buttons, and makes the traffic work. So excited to have you here today. We've got some great,
great questions coming in, some different things we're going to be covering.

And so really excited
to share with you. If you could just chime in, let me know through the chat that you can hear me
loud and clear. That'd be fantastic. Just give me a thumbs up. Hey, we can hear you, Damian,
something like that.

Yes, there we go. Thank you, John Michael. And you can see my screen as well. Nice and clearly. I'll be opening up that in just a moment.

Yep. Thank you again, John Michael. All
right. So we're going to get rolling right now. Excited to be here again.

Every other week,
actually every single week inside of Acquire Monetize Now, there are live Q&As. Todd runs the
conversion calls. And then the alternating weeks are between conversion and traffic. And I'll be
running the traffic for you where you're able to ask questions and get the guidance and feedback you
need when it comes to running your traffic and ad campaigns on Facebook. And so right now,
just a reminder, when you get those reminders, there is a form online.

So if you ever have questions in
advance, please submit them. That way I can prepare slides, notes, examples for you to do a really
fantastic job answering all your questions. And as for our time together this afternoon,
please hold your questions to the end as I'm running this training by myself. And so I want to make sure
I can pay attention to delivering phenomenal answers and content to you. And then at the end,
I will field any questions.

So without further ado, let's get rolling. All right. So first question that
came in. He said, I saw a video ad on the squid app for the Agora copywriting promotion, which we did a
couple of weeks ago. I guess it was probably retarded campaign.

What was the strategy behind
this campaign? What platform did you use to run this ad? Facebook network or dot, dot, dot, dot, dot. And so I'm actually going to walk you through what we did for the Agora Facebook ads. We did very,
very well last year, both from a cold traffic, houseless and retargeting last week, last year,
sorry, with the Agora, original Agora copy school promotion.

And so we ran it again this year. I
actually used a lot of the, mostly the same creatives as they did very well. And we only ran
them for about 10 days last year. So no reason to reinvent the wheel. They performed well and we used
them again.

And so let me actually walk you through the entire strategies. I think you'll get a tremendous
amount of value for everybody here and how I think about running a campaign for us. And so
again, we knew we were going to run this campaign. We knew it converted well. And so
all the ads were run through Facebook.

So anything that showed up on squid app or other weird places
all showed up through the Facebook partner network, right? So when you go inside of Facebook and you
choose where you want your ads to be displayed, you have different options. And one of them is the
partner network. And so especially when it comes to retargeting, when it comes to cold traffic,
sometimes I'll limit it strictly to the Facebook feed. But when it comes to retargeting,
I want to reach our people everywhere since retargeting always has the highest ROI.

I want
to follow people everywhere. And so that's where you saw that campaign. Now actually with the Agora copy
camp and the way I read in this ad campaign, I'm going to give you a little breakdown dissection right
now. There were four different campaigns that we ran in each for a different purpose. So the first one
was to get them into the campaign, right?

So this was a seven day educational based marketing
campaign where we were giving away seven different days. Todd was doing seven different days of
insights teaching that he learned from the inner workings of Agora Financial. And so there was an
opt-in to get into that campaign. And so the first thing we did was we ran ads to get them to opt-in to
the campaign. And those ads went to three different audience groups.

So first of all,
to our house list. Now, some of you might be saying you ran Facebook ads to your house list. I mean,
they're your house list. Why would you run ads? Well, even in the best case scenario, what's what
does an email get open 20% of the time, maybe 25% of the time.

And that's really good. Typically open
email open rates on bulk email posts are like 15%. You know, click through rate might be 20%. But the long
short is literally you send out an email, maybe only 5% of your list, 6%. Maybe you send out three
emails, very small percentage of your list engages with a promotion through just email.

And so we
found time and time again, the ROI is so substantial when you actually just upload your list directly to
Facebook and run campaigns to your house list. So when you're running a key promotion,
we run them to our house list. And I know there's some attribution questions that could come up and
say, well, wouldn't they have maybe have bought any one? Maybe, maybe they would have opted in
anyways, if you didn't run the ad. Fair enough point.

And those are questions that you kind of
never could really know the answer to. No matter how advanced your tracking is, you can't answer the
question, well, would they have still clicked on a different email if they didn't see the ad? All I know
is I've seen time and time again, we've run the wicked reports on them that when we run traffic
to our house list, it always generates an extremely high ROI. And so this campaign to get them the
initial effort to get them into the campaign, right? That was the first objective was run one to our
house list to to our retargeting list, right?

So we run our big idea book offer or webinar, we run a
whole bunch of different cold traffic, spend a severe rather significant amount of money on Facebook ads. And so we're pixeling people constantly. And so I also ran it to anybody who interacted with our
assets. Maybe they watched a video of Todd, maybe they clicked on a webinar, maybe they didn't opt in,
but they've showed some level of interest. And so targeted those people as well to get them into
the Aurora campaign.

And then also we tested some cold audiences as well. Again, the goal to get them
into the campaign and having the benefit of having run this campaign before knowing that, hey, on average,
an opt-in into this campaign was worth north of $20. I knew that if I could get cold traffic for under
$20 and opt-in into this campaign, statistically, I'd be in pretty good shape. So that was the first
objective, get them into the campaign, get them to opt in the campaign. Second one was retarget them
into the campaign.

So basically opt-in page abandoners. And here are the two ads that I ran. And so both of them were like, hey, you know, notice you stop by to look at this promotion. Notice you stop by to
take a peek. Here's another cool video.

And this is the really awesome part of running this promotion is that we
had so much good real content. You know, sometimes let's be honest, as marketers, you kind of have to invent or come up
with content that may or may not be interested to a cold audience. But because Todd had spent so much time at
Agora there personally, there were just so many just cell phone videos, cool little talks with
copywriters and copy chiefs and stuff like that. And so we were able to leak this out. And the
beautiful part of this is it not only gave us a way to go back to people, again, the second purpose of
this campaign to retarget them, people who visited the opt-in page but didn't opt-in with another piece
of valuable content that makes me go, wow, I really want to learn more about what he learned from the inner
workings of Agora Financial.

But it allowed us also to continually feed that retargeting list,
right? So all these videos being watched, all these partial views or full views of videos,
all those people are getting cycled through a retargeting list and they're just getting served
more and more and more. So it's a way to just kind of cast that big sticky net. And that really was,
again, one of the beautiful parts and really enjoyable parts for me of running this entire campaign is
that we had so much content. So even on the front end, rather than just doing a straight image ad,
I was able to do sort of a short little two-minute walk around tour videos that were really interesting
that people wanted to watch.

And whether they opted in or not, again, they showed interest,
which means I was able to retarget them, get them into the campaign. Okay. And that was the second
purpose. Third campaign we ran was cart opens. So to all opt-ins.

And so you may have saw an ad like
this or like this. When the cart opened, wanted to make sure that we really got everybody who opted
in. Again, at this point, if they didn't opt into the campaign, they've been ignoring the ads. It's
just not resonating. It's maybe just not for them.

I didn't want to target the cart open to them. So
this is just to the opt-ins. Again, a lot of specifics around here. Hey, it's open. There's
only 200 units available.

This is how many people were on the early notification list, so on and so
forth. And again, both these images, pattern interrupts when you see them in their feed. I really like, you know, it's a little bit ugly, but it works and worth testing. You'll see the
little finger on the left-hand side pointing down to the button. So I designed that image so that the
finger is literally pointing to the Facebook button.

Also, like using gold seals in general,
you know, gold seals kind of convey a level of people go, oh, this is real. It has a gold seal on it. And so just emphasizing because there was genuine scarcity and urgency to this offer,
this was kind of a cool way to do it. And so this was cart open again. And these folks,
we sent directly to the sales page.

Okay. So they went to the final sales page. We didn't send them
to an opt-in or something else. We sent them to the sales page that detailed the offer, the guarantee,
all that good stuff, and had the click to buy button. And that brings us to the fourth campaign that I
ran, which was cart abandoned.

So this was to all visitors who visited the order page and did not
buy. And again, you can do this all inside of Facebook. They make it super easy. You just drop
that Facebook pixel on all your pages, and then you can just go in and enter the different URLs
to create audiences. And so we created an audience of everybody who visited the order page,
and then we suppressed everybody who did not buy.

You could do that either by suppressing people who
visited the confirmation page. Or something we do is we use a little tool called Sync Sumo,
which allows you to sync up your Infusionsoft records with custom audiences inside of Facebook. And so we would just sync Sumo up that audience and make sure that we didn't show any of the buyers,
the cart abandoned emails. And so everybody who visited the order page, minus anybody who bought,
and again, another ad, arrows, showstopper. Todd's saying, uh-oh, kind of cute, and says,
oh, you forgot something.

And again, to tell them, give them another reason. Hey, you stopped by. Again,
think about this. They opted into the campaign. They went to the sales page.

They went to the order
form, and they didn't buy it. They've raised their hands multiple times. We really want to focus and
follow up with these prospects. And so that's exactly what we did here and drove them to this ad. And so again, a great question coming in there.

I think that question was from John Michael,
if I remember correctly. And that was it. So again, purpose one, get people to opt into the
campaign. Purpose two, retarget people who visited the opt-in page but didn't opt in. Purpose three,
get people to the cart open.

And then purpose four is target those cart abandons. And that's what we
did. And it's successful. It's good. It's a good campaign.

Profitable. Generated. Great ROI for us
on Facebook. And it's something a strategy we'll repeat. Very simple with other campaigns as well.

All right. Next question. This question comes from Jonathan, I believe. Got a brand new funnel for a
new product on a new business. We will run Facebook ads straight to webinar registration page for a just-in-time
webinar.

Every webinar, 56 minutes. Selling a $297 program. Question. How much traffic to run before
the results are valid? 100 opt-ins, 100 viewers.

How much to spend based on a $297 price point? What
metrics to measure? And how to reassess, improve based on those metrics? Okay. So a lot of great
foundational questions here.

And so let's cover them all together for everybody here. This applies to
everybody listening when you bring your offers out to Facebook. So first of all, how much to spend? So typically, the rule is three times the price point to the sweet spot audience. Let me walk
you through that.

So if you're selling anything, if you're selling anything, say over $97. So anything
from $97 to $1,500. Let's exclude the really high end. So $97 to $1,500, including this $297 guitar
program. Three times the price point.

So if your price point is $297, I would plan to spend $900
on a single test to the sweet spot audience. And again, you'll hear me say this again and
again. When you're on a conversion call with Todd, Todd, and rightfully so, is going to teach
you, you want to design your offer, your idea to appeal to the biggest, broadest, most unaware
part of the market, because that's where the greatest opportunity is. When you're testing
for the validity of whether or not your offer and your marketing message works, you want to
test to the sweet spot. Because listen, if your offer doesn't work to the sweet spot of the market,
the market that actively buys, knows, follows, then it's not going to work to the most unaware
portion, right?

Generally speaking, if the sweet spot converts, doesn't convert, you know it's not
going to work. So you want to start at the lowest hanging fruit to make sure that things are working. And so I would run 3x. The exception is if your price point is below $97, like it's, you know,
we do a $7 big idea book, I wouldn't run just $21 to an audience. I would typically run at least
$100.

And on the flip side, if a price point is over $1,500, $2,000, I wouldn't spend $6,000 to see
if you get one buyer, I would plan to spend closer to one and a half to two times that amount. And the
reason being is once you get to a higher price point, you're able to get statistical significance
simply based upon the sheer number of clicks and options that you get at that price point. And so let me walk you through the rest of this here. So exception, again, as we just spoke,
spoke about the, I spoke about the exception with the, with the 3x rule. The other exception I want
to talk about is if you know your funnel converts restaurant, I know you said this is a brand new
offer, Jonathan, but for example, just for everybody out there, if you were running an offer that you
knew work and you knew your metrics.

And let's say your goal was to acquire customers at break
even, you know, you get one sale for every 50, sorry, that should say opt-ins, not customers,
then a lead is worth $6, right? $300 divided by $50, $6 a lead. And so this way, you could certainly
test, start by testing multiple audiences with that initial KPI in mind, keeping at hand that all we
really care about is ROI, right? I don't care if the leads are dirt cheap. If they're not converting to
buyers, they're not valuable to me and I'm going to lose money.

And so what we want to do here is
focus on, again, that would be the price point. That would be the goal, focus on ROI. But if you
have the benefit of having an offer that you've run before, either the cold traffic or your house list,
although of course, remember, house load traffic will convert much higher. And so the numbers will
be skewed favorably high. You can also focus on lead.

And the benefit of that is this, right? If
you're selling a, let's say you're selling a $1,000 product. And you know that on average,
based on your conversion rates, you know, that offer converts it, you know, 2%. Okay, a lead is worth
20 bucks to me. It's a lot easier and more cost effective and faster to test out an audience
looking at your CPL, your cost per lead as your KPI, because then you could say, well, hey,
on average, I need to get leads under 20 bucks.

And if you run traffic to a certain audience and you
see, man, the leads are coming in at 50 bucks, you could shut it at $150. You don't need to run it up. Odds are there, there's just the numbers aren't going to work, right? The leads are just way too
expensive. Your conversion rate would have to be double what it is to make that work.

And so that's
the benefit of once your offer is proven and you could shift this, right? So when, when Jonathan has
run this offer and he's run traffic and he's got his buyers coming in, he'll be able to go, wow,
on average, a Facebook lead is worth to this pro to this funnel or campaign seven bucks. He'll be able to
say, you know what? I can start on a day-to-day basis managing by that KPI. And that's really
the big thing, right?

Because a lot of times if you're running a webinar, there's a follow-up
sequence, it's a higher price point. You're not going to see buyers every couple minutes the way
you will when you run opt-ins, which is why I like using that as a barometer. Again, it's not the be
all end all because at the end of the day, I don't care how cheap the leads are. If they're not converting
and the ROI is not there, I'm going to turn the campaign off, but it is a helpful guide. A couple, last part of this question, another great question, what metrics to focus on
to know how to assess and prove based on those metrics.

So on a webinar and most funnels really,
unless you're sending directly to sales page, I'm looking at opt-in rate typically to cold traffic. I want to see our opt-in rates. If it's just a name and email around 20 to 30%. I'm looking at the cost
per lead. Again, that's sort of a function of both what you're paying for your clicks as well
as your opt-in rate.

I'm looking at the percentage of people who see the offer, the order form completion
rate, and the overall conversion rate. And so those are the different things I'll look at. And then if
any of those things are dramatically out of range, that's where I would sort of start focusing on
first. And let me just tell you something. Let me help you in a really, really big way.

Most of your campaigns will not quote-unquote work in their first iteration. Let me be honest
with you. Most of our campaigns do not work in their first iteration. Okay? That's why marketing
is the business of iteration.

Okay? It takes time. And so a lot of times, don't plan to just go,
man, I went out there, I spent 500 bucks. It didn't work. Right?

That's always what the
marketers will say to us, it didn't work. What do you mean it didn't work? Did the opt-in not work? Did the order form not work? Did the offer not work?

Did people not show up to the webinar? What
did it work? And that's the job we're in. That's our responsibility as marketers is to identify that. And so these are the metrics I would look at.

Like I said, if I saw opt-in rate was at 25%, 22%,
I wouldn't focus on opt-in rate right now. I would focus on something else. But if opt-in rate was down
at 8%, I would go, whoa, before I focus on anything, I need to boost that opt-in rate up. And I would look at both my page, I might test headlines, I would make sure my ad is congruent
to my opt-in page. Again, I would look at cost per lead as a management metric.

You might find that,
wow, you know, I'm just paying way too much on Facebook. And the function of both the cost to
reach the audience and the opt-in, is it working out? Again, and you can work backwards to know,
hey, on average, if my offer is converting to 2%, I can afford to spend $6 a lead. And if my cost per
lead is currently around $18, then I know something's off. And then again, you can go
back to that opt-in rate.

And if you know your opt-in rate is in range, then there's something
about your ad or your audience or where you're bidding that's driving up your CPL and isn't going
to allow your marketing math to work. Again, percentage of people who see the offer, this varies
depending on the length of your webinar, so on and so forth. But this is a metric I would look at. Certainly, people can't buy if they don't see the offer. Order form completion rate.

You really
want to see your order form completion rate, certainly north of 50%. Once you dip below 50,
you're like, wow, two out of three people hit the order form and they just bail and they don't buy. That's an issue and a place I would focus on. And then your overall conversion rate. Typically, to cold traffic, again, this number will skew higher.

For something like a $7 book,
we might see conversion rates as high as 5, 6, 7, 8%. And it might skew a little bit lower,
down to maybe one and a half, 1% if you're selling a $2,000, $3,000 product to cold traffic. But overall, you want to look at your conversion rates and ask, do these rates,
you know, if these rates are just dramatically out of range, that's where I would focus on. And then,
you know, that's all really looking at your marketing argument and looking at your offer,
making sure you did a great job. Okay.

And let's go to the next question. What is congruence? So I
mentioned congruence before and why does it matter when running Facebook ads? So let me show you. So
congruence refers to your ad matching or being congruent with the page you're sending them to.

For example, this is congruent. This is the big idea, big marketing idea book ad that we run. So
you'll see the ad here. There's a picture of the book. The headline says, create a surge of new buyers.

When they click that, they go to a page, they see the same picture of the book that they expressed
interested in on the previous page. They see the same promise, creating a surge of new customers. That's congruent. Okay. Let me give an example of what not congruent looks like.

So this is,
let me see if that'll come up in a second. I don't know why that ad just jumped up. Let's put that up
real quick. So this is a non-congruent ad. So for example, and I just made this up.

This is not
actually where Dean Graciosi is sending people, but I needed an example for you. And so you'll see
here, if I saw an ad like this, how to make money from home. And there's a picture of Dean Graciosi and
it says the number one side income. And then all of a sudden I send them to a page that doesn't have
any picture of Dean, doesn't include any of the drawings or any graphics that he shared on the
previous page. The headline's different.

Now it's talking about breakthrough in real estate
automation is making part-time investors record profits. That's not before he was talking about
how to create a side income or make money from home. The promise is different. The look and feel
is different. This would be called not congruent.

And now let me tell you something. Sometimes,
sometimes not congruent can work, right? Sometimes you could have a weird ad of a picture of a,
you know, a dog floating with balloons and being fired at with darts. And then it goes to a totally
different page. That's, you know, a picture of you and your technology software.

Sometimes that
can work. However, when you're especially early on in establishing a profitable ad campaign and ad
buy, you want things to be as congruent as possible. Cause when things are congruent, it eliminates
variables, right? When things are not congruent, if this ad doesn't work, we don't know if it's
because the opt-in page doesn't work. The hook doesn't work.

Maybe the headline in the ad doesn't
work. Maybe the headline in the opt-in page doesn't work. Maybe the audience got confused. There's a hundred
reasons why it doesn't work. And so congruence, the reason it matters is one, it is a compliance
issue, right?

Facebook wants a positive experience for everybody on their platform. That means when
somebody clicks an ad, they get, or they go to what they think they're clicking on. And so if you
have an ad that's like, let me show you how to, you know, how you can win the Superbowl and Superbowl
tickets. And then you take them to an ad. That's like, you should buy this cryptocurrency.

Like
let's go, we're going to get flagged for a hundred different reasons, right? You need
to be compliant. Part of being compliant is that your ads are congruent. What you talk
about, why somebody clicks the ad, takes them to where they expect to go. Number two, congruence
affects relevance.

And so we could have a whole nother discussion and probably we'll add another
live traffic QA call about relevance. But relevance is basically a quality score that Facebook has. Um, there are, there are a lot of, uh, click and dagger stuff around relevance and how Facebook
uses it and how it affects, impacts ad costs. Um, but the general practice is, and is, yeah,
the, you want your relevance to be as high as possible. Higher relevance means your ads get
served more and can drive your costs down.

And so when ads are congruent, they get better relevance
scores. Why? Because people won't click the ad. They go on the next page. They actually stay on the page.

They don't bounce in three seconds because they showed up somewhere they didn't think they were
going. And so congruence impacts your relevance. And last but not least, as I alluded to a little
bit earlier, when ads are congruent, it makes testing easier. When you have an ad that's completely
not congruent to your opt-in page and you send traffic and people are clicking and showing up
and it's not working, you don't know why it's not working. Maybe it's not working because you
pre-framed them wrong.

Maybe it's not working because the thing that got them excited on the ad is
different than the thing you're trying to get them excited with with the opt-in page. Very, very hard to optimize, establish and optimize a new ad campaign when your ads are
not congruent. And so the best practices, and I always do this, start your ads as congruent
as possible. You can test the wacky, weird stuff later once you understand how the funnel's
converting, what the opt-in rate you should expect to, what your target CPL should be, even
what audiences are working. Then sure, test all the weird ads you want to test.

But when you start
and you're establishing a campaign congruence, we'll help you test faster and more effectively. So what are the different, next question, what are the different types of Facebook ad types
in Facebook and which do you use? So right inside of the Facebook control panel, you'll
see when you create an ad. And depending on when you watch this, they change their UI all
the time, so they might add or take away from this. But you'll see that there are different
objectives.

And so the objective basically is saying, what is it that you're telling the Facebook
intelligence that you want them to do for you? What is it that you want them to achieve? And so if you say traffic, Facebook is going to optimize your ads to get you as many clicks
as possible at the lowest possible cost. If you say engagement, they're going to optimize
your ads to get people to like, share, or comment on your post. If you say video views, it's going
to be to get as many people to watch reviews.

If it's lead generation, it'll be a lead ad. The campaign type that I use, I would say almost 96% of the time, it's just strictly conversions. I tell Facebook to optimize for conversions. If I'm running a lower ticket item, so something
that is below, let's say below 50 bucks, I will tell Facebook to optimize for sales. If the offer
is much more expensive, I will tell them to optimize for leads.

And the reason I do this
is that the Facebook algorithm and intelligence is only as intelligent as the data you feed it. So if you have a $2,000 product and you're selling, I don't know, three of them a week,
four of them a week, it's a lot, right? That's four a week. Jeez, that's 30, 40 grand a month. If
you're selling four a week, you're only giving Facebook four data points to try to search the
whole universe and find another buyer for you.

But if you, for example, are driving leads into
that webinar, and maybe to get those four $2,000 buyers, you might have generated 400 leads. Well,
now you're giving them 400 data points. And now granted, you want them optimizing for buyers,
but you as a marketer should know that, hey, if somebody's coming from Facebook, they're coming
from my target audience. Again, I know my numbers. Once again, that lead is worth on average $6 to me,
$12 to me, $15 to me.

And that's why it really is a best practice to not only run all your campaigns
as conversion, but typically I run it for either leave or for sale. I will use engagement once in
a while. It's a little backdoor trick. If you've ever seen the internal MFA traffic training I did,
it was a bonus we included with the E5 Camp Masterclass. I walked through this strategy.

And basically what you can do is there's kind of a little backdoor method where you can create a dark
post. And then before you even run it as an ad, you can run engagement on it. And for, you know,
probably anywhere between 25 to 50 bucks, you can get over a hundred likes on that ad. And what that
does is one, it not only helps your conversion, because when that ad goes out, people go, oh,
a hundred people like this. Well, this must be legitimate.

I should pay attention to it. But it also can help with your relevance scores, which again, relevance helps with you being served. It also helps with ultimately ad cost. And last but not least, last question we'll answer,
and then I'll answer any questions in the chat if you have any, is what do you do if you run an ad
and it doesn't work? So I started to talk about this a little bit earlier.

When an ad doesn't work,
you have to say, what do you mean when you say it didn't work? Do you mean that the click cost was too high? Did you mean the opt-in page didn't convert? Is the ad generating leads, but they're not buying? So as marketers, when you run an ad and you say it doesn't work, and I hear this all the time, right?

We get Facebook comments in our community, our online MFA community, and people be like, hey,
I ran some Facebook traffic. It didn't work. The big takeaway I want you to do here, and there's actually a whole, really something cool
that Todd's put together. It's one of the most breakthrough things, honestly, we've done in
quite a bit that's about to be released, and you'll get access to it inside A&M, which Todd will
talk about in a little bit, something called Campaign Rescue, where Todd actually walks through
how we get campaigns to go from just having these very low signs of life to being highly
profitable, highly scalable campaigns. There's a process to that, but what I want you to take
away from right now, because we don't have time to go into the whole in-depth rescue right
here, is I want you to agree that you're going to never say that again, right?

You're never
going to say, I tried Facebook, or I ran traffic, and it didn't work, right? That's a lazy answer. We're not lazy marketers. We're very, very smart marketers, especially inside of you. You follow Todd Brown and A&M.

You're amongst the sharpest markers, so we're not going to say
that. You need to ask yourself, what did the data tell me? And again, we're going to go back to
looking at it and saying, hey, if I run some rough math, if I know my opt-in rates say it's going to
be 25%, I know that a lead's worth $6. Well, then on average, I know I need to have to get clicks for
$1.50 or less. If my click cost is too high, I know that's the issue.

Is the campaign not,
is the ad not engaging? Is the call to action on the ad not clear? Did I add a call to action button? I
need to work on click cost. If I see that my click cost is in range, but my opt-in page is down in
that like teens or 10 or 9%, then you know you need to work on your opt-in page.

If you're getting
the opt-ins, but they're not buying, provided, again, you started in the sweet spot, you know that
if any audience in the whole planet will convert, it's the Facebook audience you pick because you
know your world, you know your competitors, you know your market, and you're getting leads and they're
not converting. Well, then all of a sudden you can stop and say, well, what is it about my offer? How do I, how do I look at my offer, my marketing message and understand why that's not working? So again, the big takeaway I want you to have from this question is don't ever say, right? We're never
going to say that again.

It's not working, right? We're not going to say that. We're going to,
we're going to always say, Hey, I ran Facebook and now I'm trying, I'm working to understand what the
data means. And that means identifying the problem before you try to fix anything. I can't tell you
how many times I've done it.

I'll be honest. I have done this before. I will run a campaign and I'll
just go, Oh man, Todd, let's change this. Let's change this. And Todd will be like, Whoa.

Cause I
just pulled the trigger fast. I'm a fast shooter. Todd, maybe it's cause he's a couple of years older
than I am. He'll slow down and say, Whoa, like let's look at the data and identify what is or isn't
working. He's like, you might be right.

You probably are, but let's look and figure out what's working
before we try to fix anything. And that's what I want to make sure that you really focus on. And so again, if click costs is too high, I would ask, am I targeting the right audience? Is my ad
compelling? Again, click costs, I typically look in the range of anywhere from 0.5 to 2%.

Some folks
might tell you a lot higher than that. For me, I find out that our campaigns work just fine as long
as we're in that range. If I see the opt-in page is not converting, I would say again, am I targeting the
right audience? Is my ad congruent? We talked about congruence again, opt-in rate.

It's cold traffic. I've seen time and time again, over a million dollars spent on Facebook ads that
I've personally run 20 to 30% for a name and email is reasonable in any market or niche. You might see extremely higher amounts in some markets, but that's certainly a good range below
that. You're in, you have an issue with your opt-in page or your audience. And last but not
these, if you're generating leads, but no sales, you ask again, am I targeting the right audience?

That's why you've probably heard this from, from Dan Kennedy, right? It's, it's audience offer copy,
right? Audience is always the biggest driver of everything. You always have to make sure. And
that's why you eliminate these variables when you target the audience.

That's a sweet spot. And you
also, this is where marketing and getting experience works in your favor is after you've run multiple
campaigns like we have, you start to know, Hey, this audience works for our offers, which means when I
have a new offer, if I run it to this audience, it's proven audits that I've run to multiple different
offers and it always works and it doesn't work. I know it's not the audience. And so it's really
important to be able to narrow down the variables and identify what the issue is. And then again,
you know, to cold traffic, we would expect to be anywhere from two to 6%, closer around 2%.

If
you're in that 97 to $1,000, you know, $2,000 range, you know, certainly once you go below 97 bucks,
expect that 2% to get higher. It's going to need to get higher in order for the,
for the offer to be viable for break even on the front end. And so let me get some questions from everybody. And so first question comes from Michael. He says,
can you speak a bit about renting a list to supplement a smaller house list, where to get
one conversion rate to look for?

And so that's an interesting question. And so let's talk a little
bit about list rental. So first of all, I don't necessarily recommend list rental. And I'm not sure
if we're just using different terminology. I refer to doing email solo drops.

So there is such a thing
as list rental where you can rent the list on. Sometimes that means that you're responsible
for emailing. And there's also, it's a can spam compliance. And now with, you know, DDRP and all
that stuff, like you don't want to, you don't want somebody to just give you a list and say,
Hey, you can nail this two times and then get it back to me. You don't want to be in that game
dangerous.

You'll get email service shut down. Don't do it. What you want to do is you want to do
email solo drops. And so there's a lot of different places you can buy paid email solo drops. There's
actually a network called Udini, Udini.com.

I'll put that in the chat. Udini.com. Send to all,
Udini.com. I just chatted it to you. That allows you to, it's sort of like a eBay for a list.

And so
you can offer to rent, not rent, sorry, do paid solo drops, a different list. The price points are
lower. But a couple of things I do want to say about that. So first of all, email solo drops,
they don't work for us. Okay.

They don't work. Let me qualify that. Not that it don't work for us. They don't work in our market. So our market, right?

We market to marketers, right? We teach
marketing to the marketing. It's a very small niche. We're not in the biz op niche. We're not in any of
those big broad markets.

Email solo drops really are typically only going to be effective with big
broad markets. And let me qualify that in just a second. So big broad markets, if you're in
health and fitness, finance, work from home, personal development, there are a lot of companies
that will do paid email drops. Again, you just want to Google or search for paid email solo drops. There's a company called Dedicated Emails that does stuff like that.

There's Newsmax. There's
a number of different ones that you can look for. Again, you could also check out Udemy. I think
I'm saying that right there. And check that out.

And you can certainly try them. They will charge. Sometimes they'll be charged based on a click. In which case you want to write email copy that gets
you the most qualified clicks, right? You want to make sure the wrong people don't click.

You can
actually pre-qualify your clicks in your email copy. Or they all charge typically based on the number of
emails sent. So they might say, hey, it's a list of 10,000 people. It's going to cost you,
you know, $1,000 to send to those people. And so you'll typically want to ask for some numbers and
say, what are your typical open rates?

What are your click rates? You know, show me two or three
promotions that have booked repeated email solo drops with you so you can see what types of offers
and the style that that list responds to, to make sure that it aligns with what you're doing. And that's what I would do. And so the conversion rate, again, you're going to look at the same kind
of marketing metrics. At the end of the day is all you care about is ROI, right?

All you care about is,
hey, if I could spend $1,000 on an email solo drop and get $1,000 of sales, plus, you know,
some new customers, plus a bunch of unconverted leads I could work on later, I'll do that every single
day. I'll 10x that every single day, because I'm acquiring customers and prospects and growing
my list for free. And so that's really the objective with email solo drops. I will give
one caveat to the big broad market, which is if you can find a way to approach people in your niche
and do paid email drops, this is a really smart way to do it. I have a buddy and friend that I do
some mentoring, I mentor him a bit, and he's in the gardening space.

And so one of the things he's done
is with his product is he went off after all the big gardening people, especially because it's not
like a super marketing competitive area and just said, hey, you know, I want to send a promotion
to your list. How much would it cost to do that? And so he's paid them to do solo drops. And the
beauty of that is that works because it's a very specific, he knows he's going to good lists, right? If he was just like, hey, I'm going to go to Newsmax or something like that, I'm going to email just
this random list of conservative, white American males over the age of 50, a gardening offer,
he would lose money hand over fist.

But if you can do email solo drops, again, just legwork,
reaching out to people, Facebook message them, hey, you know, have something I think would be
great for their list. You know, can I pay you to send an email to your list? I can, you know,
PayPal you tomorrow morning, you know, break down the door, get in there. And that's what I would do. All right, next question.

Yes, Jonathan, my pleasure. Glad you enjoyed it. That'd help. John Michael, do you use different headlines for mobile and desktop ads, like
shorter headlines? I don't use different headlines for mobile and desktop because I serve mobile and
desktop together.

Over the years, I've sometimes I split out mobile and desktop. Sometimes I don't. Currently, I'm finding it's not necessarily helpful to split them out on the campaigns I'm
running. So I don't. But what I do do, John Michael, is I always write my headlines in a way that when I
see them in mobile and they're annotated to have a dot, dot, dot, that the first couple words are
grabbers and leave a mystery and make them want to click more.

So I want to make sure that those
first couple words previewed on mobile are going to get abbreviated into something that's going to
be compelling and want them to read more. But I don't create separate ads for both. Again, I like
to keep things simple and clean. You know, it's hard enough with running traffic and ads and so many
variables and metrics and tracking. I keep things real simple.

And I find that really is keeps me
sane and and gets as good, if not the best results that I see in running campaigns. One other question
from John Michael, I noticed that using custom conversions with ClickFunnels is a bit tricky to
track. Do you have any tips, for instance, which links on ClickFunnels to use to set up your custom
conversions? I don't have any specific insights on this. What I can tell you is that I have found
Facebook conversion tracking to be unreliable at best and utterly inaccurate at other times.

So what we do is we do use Wicked Reports currently. I really like the way it syncs up
with Infusionsoft. And so I'm able to sort of reconcile my Facebook ads with Wicked Reports. And sometimes I'll just have to create little rules and I'll say, OK, you know, Facebook says I got
100 leads. Wicked Report shows only 70.

OK, so whatever Facebook is showing me, I'm getting 30%
less leads. And so my lead cost is actually higher than Facebook's reporting. And so that's how I would
typically do that. But I don't have a specific techie answer for what I would do with ClickFunnels,
other than the fact that I would tell you I would not rely strictly upon Facebook just for your tracking. And I would make sure that whether it's ClickFunnels, Wicked, Infusionsoft, that you do have
another way to confirm your data when you're spending money, right?

You're spending real money
on ads. You don't want to just wing it or hope you have the right data. You need to make sure you
know what's happening. I have a question coming in from another Michael. Our Children's Charlie wants
to get people to a free awareness event.

So offer is attendance, cost is free. How does that affect
conversion rate, other parameters you've given us? And so what I would typically do is the goal is
I'm assuming that this is an awareness event. I don't know if this is physical, meaning they have
to physically show up or this is a virtual event. But in either case, right, if you're driving them
to a free event, there's some objective with that event.

Maybe the objective is to just get them to show
up because you know that every time somebody shows up, they're worth a thousand dollars to your
organization. Maybe the objective is to have them become donors or whatever the case may be. The point being, you need to kind of work backwards, Michael. I need to ask yourself,
okay, well, when people come to this free event, how much are they worth you, right? This is your
responsibility as a business owner, as an entrepreneur, to know when somebody comes to this
free thing, what is that worth to your business?

And sometimes you're just starting out. And so sometimes you have to just use numbers and make a forecast. And as Todd always says,
and as we always talk about, start with bad numbers. Don't assume the best case scenario. Assume the worst case scenario.

Because if your projections work with the worst case scenario,
guess what? There's only upside when you start running it. Things can only get better. And so what I would do is I would just figure out what is it worth for somebody to sign up for
that free awareness event. And then I would use that as my goal and then say, okay, well,
now I have to figure out how much do I need to spend and what are the ways I need to spend audiences
I need to target, how much bidding and all that other stuff to get into that range.

But it really
is no different. It's no different whether they're going on a phone sales consult, whether they're going
to a sales page, whether they're going to a live event. They're just all different steps in your
funnel process to take somebody from a cold prospect into a new customer, client, donor in
your world. And so you just have to identify those steps along the way and determine the values so
that you can buy traffic and buy it effectively and buy it by cost effectively and buy it profitably. Investing in traffic is an enormous amount of fun.

It can be a pot of stress. It could be also be
highly, highly addictive. I know this. I feel like I should be in a support group sometimes. But it's also incredibly rewarding because once you know, you spend all this time and all this work
building a campaign, coming up with a product, a solution, a service you really believe can help
people and change the world.

And then the difference between, honestly, the difference between
a $100,000 business and a million dollar business, it's just traffic. The difference between a million and
five million, it's just traffic. That's all it is. And so that's why I really want to try to break
things down for you here inside of A&M, answer your questions, give you the guidance, keep things
simple. Because I'm telling you, whether you're the entrepreneur out there making $1,000 a month and
you want to go to $5,000 or $5,000, you want to go to $25,000.

If your stuff's working and converting,
the answer is just put more people into your world. It's just traffic and getting traffic right. I have two final questions coming in. Do you use any tools for projections or simple spreadsheets? Great question, John Michael.

We do. We have a bunch of internal stuff and stuff that Todd's created. And guess what? It's going to be released into the brand new A&M, which you're going to be a part of. And so those tools will be getting released over the coming week or one to two months that'll help
you kind of do some of the projections and stuff that we do.

Really cool stuff coming down the line. Also, some tools that you'll be getting with Campaign Rescue coming up. So you'll want to be
really, really, keep your eyes open for that. That thing's going to blow you away. And
you're going to want to buy it like crazy, except you're not going to be able to
because you're in A&M and we're going to give it to you.

Last final question of the day, media buy makes you feel like a trader. It does. It really does. I always, I grew up playing, you know, fantasy football, fantasy hockey, fantasy baseball leagues. And, you know, these big online, not online at the time, but, you know, computer role playing games
with all these complex worlds you had to build and, and, you know, all that stuff, the same thing
like day trading, like it just, it's, it's numbers.

It's, it's the opportunity to win at math. And it's really exciting. You know, you can kind of have a whole company and workers and operations
people and coaches and mentors, offers and pagers and developers. Yet you, as the person that learns
traffic and learns how to do it well, you can literally sit there and if you take the time
to master and understand the numbers and know the right levers to push, you could literally click
buttons and make money appear. And to me, that's a, that's a lot of fun and never gets old.

And so thanks for being here inside of A&M. Remember that we meet every other week. So next
week will be a live conversion Q and A with Todd. You'll get reminders. You'll have a chance
to fill out questions in advance.

And I appreciate you being a part of Acquire Monetize. Great
things to come. Hope you enjoyed today and talk to you soon. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.

Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.

Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.

Bye-bye.
