---
title: "June 2019"
date: 2019-07-19
duration: 1h 5m
duration_seconds: 3939
vimeo_id: 349104430
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# June 2019

**Date:** 2019-07-19 | **Duration:** 1h 5m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Hey guys, we'll get started in just a few minutes, wait for a couple people to hop on. By the way, obviously, if you don't recognize my voice, oops, shut off the phone. All right, turn on some video here. Hey guys, so yeah, Todd is unavailable today. He's doing the 2X Your AOV event in South Florida with a room full of people.

So he asked me to kind of jump in and take his place and talk to you guys a little bit,
teach you some of the stuff that we're working on, some of the stuff that I see happening,
coming forward in the future, and as well as help you guys out with any technical questions,
issues, anything that you guys are struggling with on the tech side. So I'm excited to be here. It's my first A&M call, and looks like we've got a good group chiming in. A bunch of people that I certainly recognize. Hey, Jean-Michel, how are you, buddy?

And Michael, Scott, Jeff, and Glenn, Greg. Awesome, good deal. Glenn, looking forward to seeing you in a couple weeks, a top one. That would be awesome. Hey, Jeff, how's it going, buddy?

All right, so good. We've got a good little audience here. Yeah, so like I said, what I wanted to do today, just to kind of start off,
do a little bit of teaching in the beginning. Something that I'm working on, it's kind of a pet project of mine,
something I'm super fascinated in, and we're starting to get our toes wet with it. So as usual, we want to share with you guys, you know,
everything that we're actually doing in our own business
and how we're leveraging new tools and technology and things like that.

And then, like I said, afterwards, it'll be a short presentation,
maybe 20, 25 minutes, something like that. And after that, we'll open it up to any Q&A,
anything that you're specifically dealing with on the tech side
that you want me to take a look at or try to help you out with. Be glad to do that, and we'll stay on as long as necessary to do that. So, all right, I'm going to stop the video here and pull up a slide deck. All right, and hopefully you guys can see my screen, browser, and other stuff here.

All right, so this is what I call AMP3. This is the artificial marketing protocol. And for me, what we're going to cover is, you know,
these are, to me, the top three marketing tech shifts
that I think are going to dramatically transform everything that you guys do. Let me just do one thing here. Let me turn on chat for a minute and make sure.

You guys can all hear me okay and everything, see the video okay. Just type yes in the chat real quick just so I know,
make sure everybody can see everything. All right, awesome. Good. Yeah, so, again, the top three marketing shifts that I think are going to transform everything that you do.

And then just real quick, some of the tools that are available that you can use to capitalize on some of these trends today. So, number, what we're seeing is in what we call an AI spring, and this is according to Salesforce CEO Mark Benioff. What he says basically is that, you know, the revolution in data that's coming and the fundamental change in how we run our business
is because we're going to have computers aiding us in how we're interacting with our customers. I think it's actually going to be deeper than that. They're not just going to be aiding us, in my opinion.

There are three different disruptive marketing technologies that we can all start using right now. And, you know, again, they're available both for the enterprise level,
but there are some tools available for us small business owners that we can certainly afford as well. Number one is AI bots. And so this covers the whole spectrum of chat bots and messenger bots and live help support type bots, things like that. Two is the advent of individualized campaigns.

Now, we're just starting to see some of this from the personalization side,
but in a minute I'll share kind of what I think my vision of what's going to happen is eventually. And then the third is voice marketing. Voice marketing is this kind of thing that nobody's really paying attention to,
but has the potential to have a dramatic effect on everything we do when keyboards start going away
and everything we're doing is voice oriented. So let's dive into – so here's my picture, right? This is what I think the ultimate marketing AI is going to look like.

I don't know when. I would say probably, though, it's within the next five years. I would say definitely at the enterprise level they'll be able to get to this,
whether it will be in our hands. I don't expect some of the existing tools like Infusionsoft or ActiveCampaign or anything like that necessarily to get to this level. But, you know, I do know it's possible.

I know John Benson's working on some of the things, like, you know, his copy generation tools, adding AI into it,
where it'll pretty soon be able to generate copy for you on the fly. So I think if we – as we walk through these, you'll see that this is not so far away. So number one, it's going to be able to determine who the most likely buyers of our products are and find them online. Very straightforward. There's already tools that can kind of do this that will help you identify the ideal interest,
the ideal targets, the ideal segments that you should be targeting.

But, you know, when AI gets involved and starts crunching data, starts looking at all your existing customer history,
what's unique about them, you know, it might find weird correlations that you may never think of. I remember Perry Marshall had a tool early on when the Facebook API came out that would allow him to kind of really profile all of his –
he was able to upload his list of customers, and it ran some algorithm to kind of determine some things that were unique about them. And he found, like, there was a huge proportion of them that loved the band Rush from Canada. Tom Sawyer, Limelight, great band, great music. So it was interesting, you know, like you would never think to target Rush fans because they might like Perry stuff.

But, you know, if you target Rush fans that like marketing as well, you've got a pretty narrow niche. So, you know, the AI is going to be able to dig into data like that and get really specific
and find unique combinations of interests and demographics and personalities and things like that that you never thought of. So that's the first thing. It'll be able to find who's the ideal market for us to go after. Once it finds those people, it's going to be able to create highly relevant and personalized ads
and run them in the best locations to target those people.

So it'll know exactly where to place the ads. It'll be able to generate the copy for the ads. It'll be able to generate the image for the ads. And to some degree, I'm sure it'll get to the point where it's able to run sort of one-on-one ads. But I've seen this in other places on the enterprise side as well in the past where, you know, for display ad networks,
like you could really get to a personalized ad with like the person's name in the ad, that kind of thing.

So it's coming. And again, like just think of all the work that would be going away when we don't have to worry about writing the ad copy. We don't have to worry about what creative is going to work best. You know, the AI can generate 30,000 creatives, split test them all at once, figure out what's going to work best. Yeah, exactly, like Minority Report, Jeff says.

So that's coming, right? So now we know it's going to find the best market. It's going to create the ads to drive them to us. It's then obviously going to generate the personalized landing page for them. So not everybody's going to see the same landing page.

Not everybody's going to see the same lead magnet. Not everybody will see the same color scheme, right? Like it'll kind of know based on who these people are, what it knows about them, what they're most likely to respond to. You know, are they male or female? That might dictate a different color scheme on the landing page.

You know, if it knows that they've already opted in to some of your stuff, but haven't opted in for this new thing,
you know, chances are obviously that's what the ad was about. But now the landing page is personalized. It'll have their name on it. It might have things related to the weather that they're looking at today. Things like that.

So again, just highly dynamic, highly personalized landing pages based on who you are, what you've done in the past,
what it knows about you, what ad you came from, what platform you came from, right? If you came from YouTube, it might serve you a video on the landing page versus if you came from like, you know,
a long ad post in Facebook, it might serve you more likely to serve you a sales letter type landing page. Like it's going to identify modality and understand what you like to read and how you like to consume information, things like that. Number four is if they don't buy, imagine a scenario where the conversion campaign is automatically created to convert them into buyers. And this means that, you know, it's going to take different emails and things that you've potentially written in the past, blog posts, et cetera.

The AI kind of knows your voice and is able to then generate content based on your voice and about what it knows about this product and the benefits of that product and the ideal users of that product, et cetera. And generate an email series designed to convert them. It might even determine, you know, what is the best offer? Like, is somebody going to be more motivated by a lower price or they can be more motivated by having additional bonuses or they can be more motivated by a triple money back guarantee or all three of those things. But, you know, it might adjust the offer on the fly depending on what it thinks I'm most likely to convert from, right?

So that's awesome. Just think about just not having to think through campaigns anymore, not having to write the emails, not having to think about the offers. Like, you know, it's crazy, crazy. And then if you buy, each upsell, downsell offer will also be kind of determined on the fly based on what else you're likely to benefit from the most, based on what you've already purchased and don't own yet, based on, you know, what was, you know, the most congruent thing related to that offer. You know, and again, there's going to be some human involvement here initially to set up these systems, kind of the same way you set up Infusionsoft or an active campaign.

You know, you do the setup work and then it runs automatically. We're going to have to be feeding it information. Okay, if they buy this, you know, if this, then that type scenarios, or if they buy this product, these are the things that they should be buying next. And then let the AI kind of figure out, well, what have they bought? What haven't they bought?

Okay, what are they most likely to buy? How much have they spent in the past to determine what price point offers it makes? Things like that. And then six, if it's a, you know, digital training, some sort of online course or something that needs to be consumed, I could see a scenario where the AI is monitoring engagement. You know, it's proactively encouraging the customer to complete the training.

It's, you know, offering them support if they're stuck. But just kind of accountability and things like that in the course delivery process. So, you know, and this is a big thing for me particularly, right? Like a lot of us spend all of our time and focus on customer acquisition and lead generation and making the sale. But what you've got to realize is that, you know, the real value in your business is getting customers to buy from you again, increasing that lifetime value.

And the best way to do that is to make sure that they're actually consuming what they've purchased from you and that they're getting the result that you originally promised them. So, you know, and a lot of us just don't have really well built out, you know, membership consumption campaigns, onboarding campaigns, you know, where you're tracking their progress, where you're pinging them or sending them emails or sending them a text message or having a support person call them, whatever, if they're not kind of progressing through the program. So, you know, a lot of times once we sell it, that's kind of the end of it and then we just move on to the next offer. But, you know, really the more that we can engage people in our programs, actually help them get the results that we promised them. And the more that we can offload this to an AI that's monitoring their engagement and, you know, kind of tailoring it to each person's unique learning style and how often they log in and how quickly it takes them to consume a thing, that's a little bit better than just by default saying, hey, you know, they haven't logged in in two weeks, let's send them a message.

Or if they haven't completed a lesson in two weeks, let's send them a message, you know, some people may take that long, other people may consume it, you know, every day and they're kind of going through the course and they're, you know, they're through the first 10 videos in the first week and then you don't see them for four or five days. The AI would know that, hey, there's something wrong here, their pattern's changed, what's going on, we can reach out. So I think that's going to be hugely effective and extremely valuable as well. And then seventh is based on all that, you know, having the AI determine when is the best time to make the next offer to the customer. So, you know, at what point through the program that they just bought, should we be starting to sell them something else?

Do we wait till they finish? Is there something that's going to enhance their learning along the way that could be added on to it? Things like that. So again, it would be able to design a campaign specifically for that person and get them to buy it. So that's my vision of what the ultimate marketing AI will do and what I think is, like I said, realistically coming in, if not in the next five years, certainly in the next 10 years and potentially much sooner than that.

So, you know, a lot of the things that we struggle with now will hopefully be going away. Things like finding a good copywriter, things like finding, you know, good page designers to design attractive looking pages. You know, there's certainly already systems, obviously, that can generate content. We're starting to see a lot of news about that with the deep fake stuff, fake articles, fake blog posts, fake videos, all that kind of stuff. So the same technology can obviously generate real content.

And, you know, and then also, like I said, just being able to generate campaigns on the fly. IBM's Watson technology can already do some of that. So there's just a lot of big things coming that I just want to make sure you guys are aware of, planning for and thinking about and thinking about how you can capitalize on it. So AI bots, like I said, these are kind of, this is kind of the first step. These are probably the most widely used, the thing that we're most familiar with right now.

So while they're not fully AI driven yet, there certainly are some that are more AI driven at the enterprise level. But live chat bots and Facebook messenger bots, you know, they're giving us a powerful new way to interact with our prospects. And what's interesting is it's actually the way that prospects and customers prefer to be interacted with. So, you know, recent studies by J.D. Power shows that 42% of customers prefer live chat compared to 23% for email and 16% for social media.

So, you know, the other advantage of live chat is that you don't have the deliverability issues of email. You don't have the clients, the spam and all the noise, right? So when you get a messenger, you know, whether it's an SMS message or a live chat message or a Facebook messenger, you're more likely to notice it, to respond to it. The open rates are just ridiculous right now. The click-through and engagement rates are also ridiculous.

So, you know, if you're not using this in your business, you definitely should be. So we've added live chat to all of our sales and order pages. We've got our support team manning that pretty much, not 24-7, but certainly a morning shift and a night shift. And so we're definitely helping customers complete their purchases. You know, if the credit card gets declined or something like that and you need to place it manually or if they just have questions before they purchase, anything like that, our support team is taking care of that.

And then we're also starting to use many chat heavily in our Facebook campaigns as well because we're seeing a lower cost per click on the ads. We're seeing a lower cost per lead to acquire the leads and we're seeing a better engagement. We've got slightly better tracking, things like that. So, you know, there's a ton of AI bot chat software available. You can pretty much choose your pick.

But like I said, the one that we're using primarily is ManyChat. This is what we like the most. It's, you know, it's very simple and easy to use and understand. There's tons of help and free education about how to use it and implement it. And, you know, the way to think about it is think about it just like you would any email campaign.

So, you know, ManyChat allows you to kind of build flows almost exactly like you would in Infusionsoft. And in some cases, actually better. It's got some cool features for split testings, different paths and things like that and pre-populating messages and options for people to choose from. So, you know, this is one of our sequences that takes somebody that, you know, requests our big idea swipe file and tries to move them to purchasing the book. And it goes much farther than this.

This is just kind of the initial step. But you'll notice, you know, we use a lot of graphics. We use videos, animated GIFs. We try to make it fun. We try to give it a personality.

You know, we make it clear that it's a bot. We don't pretend that it's a human. But, you know, there's a bot with a little bit of personality. And there's deep integration here back to Infusionsoft. So, you know, somebody, when somebody gives us their email, that gets captured in Infusion.

Things, depending on how they answer certain questions or they have a poll as to why they didn't buy something,
that will get tagged back to Infusion, which may kick off a different type of campaign, whether it's an email campaign or an SMS campaign, you know, things like that. So just a great tool. I highly encourage you guys to start playing around with it if you're not using it. All right. So that's bots.

Now, in terms of individualized campaigns, you know, to me, there are four R's of what I call individualized or personalized campaigns would be the other way to do this. So the first one is recognized, right? So the system should be able to detect, you know, what a user's interests are based on their past behavior. So whatever data it has about that user, either tied back to your CRM in terms of what they purchased or what tags they have or what campaigns they've been through, things like that. It needs to be able to, first it needs to be able to detect who the user is, right?

And so in some cases, it'll have to create an anonymous profile. It can only track if they visited your website before and what pages they've visited until they provide some sort of information like their email address and opt in for something or make a purchase. Then it can start doing the deeper level of personalization. So again, this is where it needs to remember. It needs to store that information so that the website remembers next time they show.

They don't have to necessarily log in for the next time they appear on the website. So, you know, again, the landing page might change. If it determines what industry you're in, it might speak specifically differently about what's being offered based on your specific industry. If you're male or female, it might speak differently or use a different color palette, things like that. And then recommend.

So this is where it's now going to make decisions on what to show the user, you know, based on what they've purchased before. It's going to now recommend what the next thing they should purchase is. And four is relevance. So this is keeping the content relevant to their interests, right? So if we know that somebody is, and you may have noticed this if you've logged into our membership portal, there's a little survey that pops up when you first log in that basically asks, you know,
what kind of what your experience level is and where you are in terms of generating sales.

Like, you know, you haven't generated sales yet. You're actively generating sales or you're scaling and really growing a business. That's going to change eventually as we gather more of that information. We're going to start changing the content that you'll see on the blog, inside the membership portal, the offers that are made to you,
things like that based on just that information as well as your past purchase history. So, you know, we recently made a big consolidation of all of our sites and all of our offers and everything under one domain name so that we can harness all this data and capture it all from one place.

Because when you have things spread across different domains, it becomes a challenge to know who that user is when they're on different domains based on the way cookies work and things like that. So, you know, everything will now be kind of under the Todd Brown.me brand and domain name. And that'll actually allow us to get much better at personalizing the content you see, as well as the marketing that you get from us and things like that. So, so again, lots of different tools available, you know, some of the ones that are kind of more in our wheelhouse, things like Optimizely, VWO, which is an on here, Leadpages. Now, again, these don't necessarily have a whole lot of personalization, in my opinion.

So there's two tools that I think are that we're, you know, we're designed but for our market and our level of sophistication and budget. And those are ConvertFlow and WriteMessage. So both of these tools are pretty affordable, you know, under $100 a month, depending on which plan you're on. And they both kind of allow you to do kind of the same thing, just in different ways. So WriteMessage is a little bit better at, you know, being able to change content on your website, to some degree, versus ConvertFlow, to me, is the more flexible of the two tools.

It's the one that we use the most because it has just more flexibility in terms of not only can you customize the landing pages, but you can create forms, you can have customized pop-ups, sticky bars, surveys, a bunch of different things. So, you know, the way we use it, like I said, primarily it's in our membership area right now. So just with our customers, and we use it as a way to intelligently determine what the next offer you should buy is depending on what you've already bought. So you can build out funnels inside of ConvertFlow that, you know, first thing when they come in, they're going to take the new customer survey. And then once we know that, or if they've already taken the survey, then, you know, the logical thing to promote would be the big idea book.

Unless they already own the big idea book, then it moves to unconverted. And if they already own the unconverted, so it just kind of goes down this tree of offers of different things that we could promote to them based on their existing purchase history. And so right now it's at a very simple level, right? It's just, you know, based on what you bought, what's the next thing you should buy? Like I said, in the future, we're going to be really segmenting and personalizing this more based on experience level and knowledge level and things like that.

So very excited for this technology. Super simple to use. And you can create a variety of different calls and actions. You guys have probably seen some of the pop-ups inside the membership portal with different offers down in the right, lower right-hand corner. So based on those.

So that is ConvertFlow. Like I said, with ConvertFlow, you can also create personalized landing pages as well. It's totally integrated with Infusionsoft and about 50 other CRMs. So, you know, whatever your data is, once you identify that customer, either because they've logged into like a membership area or they've opted in through a form where the email has been captured, then any of the data that's available inside of your CRM is available to ConvertFlow in terms of making decisions. So I can see if somebody's active in a particular campaign based on their tags or I can look at what products they've bought, things like that, and make the decisions as to what gets shown to who and when, et cetera.

So, and then third, third game-changing technology is voice marketing. So voice is the promotion of your products and services using voice-enabled devices such as Siri, Google Assistant, Cortana, and primarily Alexa, right? At the end of the day, Alexa. And in fact, I need to mute her before she starts answering. Sometimes when I say her name during a webinar, she'll start giving out random facts.

So we don't want that. But yeah, so the stats on this are pretty staggering. So according to Juniper Research, you know, 55% of used households by 2022, 70 million households will have at least one of these smart speakers in their home. And the total number of installed devices will top 175 million. That's just ridiculous.

Smart speaker adoption is outpacing smartphones at the moment. And what's interesting is if you look at the information topics, the top number third, you know, third-ranking topic behind music and news is how-to instructions, how to do something, which is obviously for most of us on this call, this is the business that we're in. And so there's a huge opportunity here. And the opportunity is now. Like, don't get it mistaken because this is going to be like SEO was back in 1999, right?

Like, the sooner that you get on there, the more authority you're going to have. And if you think about it, whenever you ask, you know, Alexa or Siri or Google Assistant for – you ask and answer a question or you ask it to search for something, it's not giving you pages and pages of results. It's not giving you 10 items to choose from usually. It's giving you one, maybe two possible choices, right? So, you know, if you think ranking number one on Google is important, ranking at all in voice search is even more important, right?

So there are certainly ways that we can start optimizing this. We can start creating more content. The good thing is, you know, a lot of us have a ton of content already that can easily be repurposed. So we have podcasts that we easily start putting up on smart speakers. We have videos that can be, you know, extract the audio from and use those.

And, you know, then we can build skills, right? So we can build kind of an animated – sorry, not animated – an automated path, kind of like the old kind of choose-your-own-adventure video games before we had like Xbox and PlayStation
and you were on, you know, an old computer and it was like, you know, you're in a room and it's black and there's a shelf and a door. Like, you know, what do you want to do? I want to walk towards the door and open the door, you know, like that kind of thing. Story – dynamic stories that change.

You're starting to see some of this on Netflix as well. You're starting to see, you know, different movies and series. I forget the name of it now. You know, where you can kind of choose your own path through the movie and end up with one of 20,000 different endings. So that's coming.

And like I said, I think from the search standpoint, there's a huge opportunity to start building your brand on these devices now so that you can kind of capitalize on what's coming. But the other thing that's coming is voice sales, right? So, you know, 2017, we're at $1.8 billion. 2022, we're at $40 billion in sales through voice speakers. So somebody just saying, I want to order this.

So what we're kind of playing around with and starting to explore very early stages is, you know, can we deliver a course sort of like E5 completely just in audio form, which obviously we can. It's just the audio of the videos, et cetera. And can we make it where, you know, somebody can go from a lead magnet or so where they opt in for something simple like, you know, like let's say we put our podcast on here as a skill. People can listen to our podcast for free and then the podcast end up promoting additional courses. And at any time somebody can just say, yes, I want that course.

And it unlocks, it charges their Amazon account if it's on Alexa, which is where we would be building primarily. So bills are automatic. There's no credit card to enter. There's no landing page. There's no order form to go to, nothing.

And it just unlocks that course. And now they have access to that course and they can consume it through audio in their car, from their speaker, et cetera. So, and again, like I said, we're seeing that, you know, 62% of people are using it to make purchases already. So, this number is only going to get, going to get bigger down the line. So, the tool that we're using for building this out is called VoiceFlow.

Again, it's a really inexpensive tool. You can sign up for free and get started and play around with it. And it's just like a campaign builder. So, just like ActiveCampaign or Infusionsoft or any of the other ways that you build campaigns, it basically allows you to build Alexa skills kind of in the same way. You tell it, you tell it what words to speak.

You tell it what questions to ask based on how the user answers the questions. You tell it what to do next. So, again, we're just playing around with this and getting started. But it's a huge area that I think is going to make a radical difference. So, all right.

That's that. So, hopefully you guys found that informative and helpful. I'll come back on camera here. And let's see. Now, I guess the question is, how do you guys raise your hands?

Bear with me. It's my first time using Zoom here. But so, anyways, if you guys got any questions, just type something in the chat and then I'll unmute you. Let's see, Michael. So, optimal placement, Facebook pixel and a multi-page sales letter with a sales conversion.

All right, Michael, I'm going to put you, I'm going to unmute you here so you can talk. So, talk through that a little bit more for me. Hello. Can you hear me? Yeah.

Okay, great. Yeah, I launched my first Minimal Viable Funnel a couple of weeks ago. That's a long-page or multi-page sales form letter. And I put the Facebook pixel for conversions after the purchase has been completed. But there were no sales from the initial run of ads.

So, Todd had suggested there weren't enough people yet that had seen the funnel and maybe the Facebook pixel conversion is the wrong one. Maybe it's got to be something else. Well, so, two things. So, number one, the core Facebook pixel should be installed across all the pages in your funnel, right? So, what do you use for funnel builder?

WordPress or ClickFunnels or what? ClickFunnels. ClickFunnels, yeah. Okay. So, in ClickFunnels, under the funnel settings, do you know what I'm talking about?

Yeah, I think I did that. I think I put it in everywhere I could. Yeah. So, well, you should only really need to put it in one place, right, which is under the main funnel settings where you can put in the code that goes across all the pages. You would put the Facebook pixel code there.

Actually, I would – for now, that's the easiest way to do it. But just for everybody else, the better way to do it is to use Google Tag Manager and learn how to use Google Tag Manager. So, Google Tag Manager is basically just like a folder system for all your different pixels where you can create rules that say, you know, when that – what pages that pixel displays or fires on. So, you just put the Google Tag Manager code in your funnel and then you manage everything through Google Tag Manager. That way, whenever you're adding new pixels or changing things, you don't have to keep messing with your funnel.

You just put that code in your funnel once. But that's an advanced topic. If you want to know more about that, we can talk about that later. We cover a lot of that in my virtual CTO program. But for now, yeah, just place the pixel code inside of the funnel settings.

That will put it on every page. And then inside of Facebook's Ad Manager, you can basically create rules that determine when a conversion happens, right? So, you can create a rule that says, hey, whenever somebody visits whatever the URL of your conversion page is, I want you to treat that as a conversion. So, that's basically the way that we do everything. And when we made the change to consolidate our domains and everything all into one place, we also really standardized our naming convention for pages.

So, anything that's a sales page will have, you know, dash details in it somewhere. Anything that's an order form page will have dash order. Anything that's like an upsell would have, you know, dash US1 or dash US2 for upsell 1, upsell 2, et cetera. And all the order confirmation pages have dash confirmation in them somewhere. And that makes it really easy for us to then create rules based on those page URLs.

So, that way, you know, A, you're keeping things consistent. Your designers and your developers, whatever, always know what to name things. There's no guessing game as to what we're going to name things. There's a consistent structure, but it also makes it easier to create the goals and the rules around pixels in terms of how you set those up. So, you would know, you know, anytime there's dash details in the URL, it means somebody visited a sales page for a certain product.

Anytime it's dash order, it means they made it to the order form. If it's dash US1 or dash confirmation, it means they bought. Like, the only way to get to those pages is by completing the order. So, you create a rule that if they made it to either of those two pages, then the purchase succeeded. Now, you can get more granular and you can certainly, there are specific events related to the Facebook pixel, like the actual purchase goal that you can fire.

And so, you could manually put that on whatever page they go to after purchase if you want, and that would trigger a purchase. But have you had any sales through the funnel at all? No, not since we started testing. Okay, yeah. So, the other thing I would advise you then is if you're not getting sales, then what you may want to do is add a two-step checkout process.

So, on the sales page, when they click the buy now button, it doesn't go directly to the order form. It triggers a pop-up where you grab their name and email address. And then it redirects them to the order form. But what that does, A, is it lets you see, well, how many people are interested? And you can kind of look at your stats now and be like, all right, well, how many people went to the sales page?

How many people went to the order form and didn't buy? That will give you some idea of interest. But if you capture their email address, then you can put them into a did-not-buy campaign, which is what we do, obviously. So, it doesn't have to be big, you know, two, three emails, hey, you forgot to finish your order. Second email is, you know, I'm saving this for you.

Like, get it now. And then the third thing you may want to do, especially if you're not sure if the price is the issue or whatever, is you can run a name your price offer where people can pick whatever price they want to some degree. We use Thrivecart for that. You can't do that in ClickFunnels, unfortunately. If you're there, ClickFunnels.

But, yeah, I would say, you know, at least capturing those leads will give you an idea about interest. And then at least you're building your list, even if you're not getting sales yet. And then you could also tell Facebook to optimize for those conversions, either the people that complete the opt-in or at least the people that visit the order form. You can start telling Facebook to start building an audience of those people and then build a lookalike based on the ones that are at least taking the next step. But, yeah, there's something wrong with the offer.

Obviously, you know, if you're targeting the right people and you're getting…
Todd says that they're not even getting the offer. So, you need to have more people come to the funnel. Gotcha. So, is there a squeeze page before they even see the offer? It's for a children's charity.

So, it's not really…
There's really nothing to opt in on. It's really making a case for why they should donate. Gotcha. Well, but maybe making that case through something that they opt in for could be something to test. Or, you know, some sort of quiz where, you know, you're finding out why they would be interested in donating or, you know, what types of charities that, you know, or, you know, kind of like the Disney quizzes.

Like, you know, what type of donor are you kind of thing. Like, you know, something like that. That could be, you know, possibly just to build the list quicker and then make the offer differently. Okay. Work on it.

Cool. Appreciate it. Thank you. All right. So, Jim wants to know, any thoughts on where a good copywriter should position itself for greatest opportunity in this evolving AI scenario?

In other words, best opportunities evolving for live copywriters. Yeah, man. I'm a little worried about copywriters in the future. I'm not sure. I won't meet you, Jim, by the way, in case you want to chat about it.

But, yeah, it's kind of a scary proposition for you because, you know, once the AI can study all of the best copy that's ever been written and understand the structure of it, you know, I mean, it's copy is somewhat formulaic to some degree. I mean, obviously, there's a hint of, you know, there's the research part and the quality of the research that's done and all that kind of stuff and the unique way that your brain processes the research to find the big ideas, things like that. Like, that I think is still going to be a factor. But when it comes to actually just writing the copy once that work has been done, I can see the AI kind of doing it. I mean, they can already write full, fully, you know, research papers and, you know, things that could be submitted to different, like, medical journals and things like that that have been just written by AI that are valid, that are readable, that make sense.

And like I said, you know, John Benson, I know, is working on this heavily. So he might be somebody to kind of reach out to and see if you can connect with. But, you know, his tool is basically taking the best copy from people like Todd and Dan Kennedy, you know, Jay Abraham and, you know, all the best copywriters in the world. He's kind of assembling it, feeding it to the AI and then taking what he already had with the VSL generator and email generator. And, yeah, I think it is going to move to more where it may not even be the project manager.

The project manager is probably just going to manage the process in terms of making sure that it's working and it's getting the results or setting the goals of what the campaign is supposed to do. But, yeah, I definitely think in the future it's just going to generate itself, which is good and scary at the same time, right? It's like I don't know how it's all going to play out. I don't know how it's going to play out for all of us, especially when we all have, you know, AI is generating our stuff. Like whose stuff is going to win at that point?

I mean, I'm not sure, right? Whoever's got the best AI, basically, and whoever's fed it the best data and whoever has the most data, right? That's the reason that Google and Amazon are, you know, now being looked at, bringing anti-trust and all this kind of sin. Facebook, right? They have all the data.

So they will know everything that they need to know about somebody. You know, that's why Facebook's launching the crypto thing. Like it's the missing piece for them. And once they know what everybody's buying, game over, man. It's going to get crazy.

Yeah, it makes a lot of sense. What do you think in terms of adoption of this, how widespread, how fast? I imagine there's going to be a whole lot of people left out who would need copywriters that can kind of at some level compete with the AI stuff from big guy players. Yeah, well, I think the adoption is going to come sooner rather than later. Like I said, I mean, well, you know, it always starts at the enterprise level, right?

And there's always enterprise level tools that most of us can't afford or even think about using. Usually there's always somebody, you know, like the convert flow or the right message guys or even many chat, right? You know, where they come out at a price point that's accessible to anybody. So, you know, I definitely think adoption is going to, I think adoption is going to be like Tesla adoption was, right? Like it was, you know, first it was the Prius and nobody wanted to be caught in that stupid thing.

And then Tesla came out and now everybody wants, you know, an electric car, like that quick. And that happened within two or three years pretty much, it feels like, right? Yeah, I think within the next two or three years, you're going to see a radical shift. All right. Sounds like a challenge to me.

Thank you. Makes sense. You're welcome, man. Cool. All right.

I guess Teslas look cool with them Priuses. They do. They are much good. In fact, it was funny. I was just buying, I was just in the market for a new car.

My lease was up and, you know, my wife drives like 150 miles back and forth to work because she volunteers at a tiger rescue. And so really the only expense is for gas. And so I was, I was debating like, do I get a Tesla or, and we went and drove the, the Nissan Leaf as well, which, you know, gets about the same mileage. It was about the same price, this and that. But once we drove the Tesla, it was like, no brainer.

I didn't buy it only because I'm waiting for, I used for, actually I want the SUV. I don't like the sedan. I would rather have the SUV. The current SUV is out of my price range, but when the Model Y comes out, that's what I'll be looking at. So for sure.

All right. Any other questions? Anything else we can, anybody wants to talk about? It doesn't have to be tech. I mean, I'm happy to help.

Obviously, I'm not Todd or Damian when it comes to traffic or copy and conversion, but I'm no newbie either, so I can certainly help out. How do you feel about layering Facebook audiences? So, Michael, you're talking about when you're designing the ads, the interests that you're targeting? Are you still unmuted? Yeah, you should be unmuted.

Can you hear me? I can hear you. Can you hear me? Yeah. Okay, great.

Yeah, one of the things I'm doing is testing audiences, too, for the funnel. So, you know, Damian said to keep them kind of clear, other suggestions were to layer them. And he even said I could layer it on mine just because, you know, I deal with Russian children as a cause. So people have an affinity for Russia. Right.

We might want to link them with a charity. And it's unfortunate, you know, because Facebook used to have that behavioral category, you know, contributors to charitable causes, children, but it's all gone now. Yeah, so, you know, that's definitely someplace where I would defer to Damian, but I will say that certainly different Facebook ad managers have different opinions on that. So, for instance, you know, we've been doing some work with Kurt Molle, and he definitely believes in the layering strategy. So, for instance, he'll create an audience of people that say, for instance, like Digital Marketer, let's say, and Evan Pagan and, you know, Russell Brunson.

And, but also add another criteria that they're a Facebook page ad name, which I thought was pretty unique and smart, right? You know, like that indicates that they're doing marketing and they're managing a brand and things like that. So, not saying that it's working or not working, you know, it's still too early to tell. But, yeah, it's something I think you just have to test. I think eventually, I think you, then again, I'm going to defer to Damian and the other traffic guys on this more so, but I would think that the initial idea behind that was, yeah, throw a bunch of audiences in there, kind of figure out which ones are getting some resonance and some traction, and then kind of split those off into their own ad sets.

I read recently that Facebook doesn't reveal all the interests. They only show like the top, you know, 25 or so, and there might be 100. And there's a guy who developed some software that kind of digs out through the API and Facebook the other interests. Yeah, I was just going to say, is that Wilco's thing? Connect, yeah.

Connect, Engage or something like that? Something like that, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I saw that offer. I actually meant to buy it.

I forgot to buy it. But, yeah, that did look interesting. Connect to, Connect to Yo. Yep. Jean-Michel, are you using that?

Hold on, let me unmute Jean-Michel. Have you used it, Jean-Michel? Hey, Didi, can you hear me? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I'm using it.

The only thing is you can only see at a seven-day window. So, and sometimes not react to it, but it does allow you to break down the different audiences
and see, you know, which interests click on your ad and even sometimes which interests purchase. So, it lets you create ads with a lot of interest in them and then figure out which interests are actually engaging? So, you have actually two features. The one, the number one would be to search different interests with the tool and the second one is to break down.

So, you can, for instance, if you have a campaign and you have an ad set with different interests,
you can break down the campaign and see the different interests and see exactly who clicks. Because on Facebook, you can't see, you know, which interests click on your ad. Gotcha. And this won't allow you to do that. And it also helps you find interests that aren't necessarily easily visible through the ad manager?

I would say you can find those, I would say, interests, but it's easier with the tool because you can, for instance,
check some interests and say, hey, I want to see some, I would say, related interests based on those keywords, for instance. Gotcha. Gotcha. So, yeah. So, Michael, I mean, that may be a tool worth checking out.

It was fairly cheap, as I recall. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I have some other version of that. So, I've been playing around with it. But it gets back to that question of whether layering is a good idea.

Well, but what I'm saying about, so, you know, what I liked about this tool,
which is the part he was just talking about, was the fact that it can look at a campaign that is running to multiple interests
and then tell you which of those interests are actually a good director. Right. That's great. That was pretty unique. Very helpful.

Thank you. Good stuff. All right. All right. So, JumpShot, I want to know, would you recommend to have sales pages and order pages on a subdomain and not on the main domain?

What would be the advantage if so? So, it just kind of depends how your site is set up. Meaning, you know, if you're using ClickFunnel, you're using Karcher, though, right? Yeah, it would be for WordPress website. Yeah.

So, you'll notice, like, for us, right, you know, Todd's main site, Todd Brown, not me, that is all WordPress. And even though we are starting to create some landing pages and sales pages directly in WordPress using the Thrive Builder,
and that's just because that's Todd's personal preference, really likes the tool and likes the way he can design different things in there. So, you will see some stuff from us that's on just ToddBrown.me. The majority of the stuff that's on ClickFunnels is at pages.ToddBrown.me. So, we definitely use a subdomain for that.

And then our portal is going to move from, you know, marketingfunnelautomation.com forward slash portal to portal.toddbrown.me. By the way, that'll apply to the A&M portal as well. We're going to kind of migrate everything into one place so you guys don't have to go to two different places to log in. But, so, yeah, there's no real disadvantage. Cookies and all that kind of stuff carry across subdomains.

And, you know, analytics will understand that it's a subdomain and kind of treat it all as the same site, not break the session, things like that. So, there is no real disadvantage. And it's really the only way that you can have stuff in different platforms but still kind of be all on the same domain. I mean, obviously, if you're using ClickFunnels, you can – if you're using ClickFunnels, you can pull your ClickFunnels pages into WordPress as well. I'm not sure if Cartra has a plug-in for WordPress where you can pull pages from Cartra into WordPress so that it would all be under the root domain.

Usually, that affects the stats in those systems a little bit and it's not highly optimal for SEO purposes the way it actually renders the page. But, it can be done. Yeah, there's no real easy – no real reason not to use a subdomain. Yeah, got it. So, it helps with SEO and is it as well helping with analytics?

For instance, if you want to check something on Google Analytics, it's easier to have, I would say, all your sales pages and everything on the subdomain? Yeah. So, what I would do in analytics is I would use – so, you know, we have this – we use the same analytics account for everything on the ToddBrown.me domain, whether it's a subdomain or not. But then, there is a rule that – there's a rule or setting or something like that that we put into the profile that adds the actual host name to the reports, right? So, I can see whether it was at pages.toybrown.me or just tybrown.me or portal.toybrown.me.

You know, I can see all that in their reports instead of just the last part of the URL of the page name. Yeah. Got it. Thanks so much. Cool.

Thanks, Kevin. Glad you enjoyed it. Yeah, was that – so, just curious. Was that helpful to you guys? Did you get some value out of the training?

Are you a little scared now as to what's coming? Cool. Cool. Glad to hear it. Appreciate the feedback.

Working on something bigger around that. We may be doing a course on that once, you know, again, we want to make sure we prove it and test it for our own stuff. And then once we have some provable and repeatable results, you'll probably see me package it together in some sort of training exactly how to do it. But ROI from any chat, you know, we're figuring out, you know, we're figuring out the best way to actually track different things. And there were some hiccups.

And there were some hiccups with the way the integration was initially set up with Zapier. So, we fixed that, yeah, so, but the – I can tell you that initially, you know, the engagement's been amazing and the cost per click on the ads and the cost per lead is certainly lower than it has been for traditional ads to a landing page. So, and that's – you know, so the ROI, even given that there were some tech snafus that prevented people from actually purchasing the way we wanted them to, it was already a decent ROI even without that. So, yeah, we think this week we'll get a lot more data and be able to have more to report on that in the future. But that's something definitely to, you know, bring up with Damien on the traffic calls.

Actually, Damien architected it all himself, so I'm going to give Damien all the credit for the many chat stuff. He's the one that kind of grabbed that by the horns and started really working on it. So, props to him. All right, so we are coming up on 1 o'clock. Happy to stick around if anybody else has any other questions.

So, pop them in the chat. And if not, we will let you guys get back to your day. Live cart live. What do you mean, Michael? Can you hear me?

Yeah, I can hear you. Okay, I went to the site and it says it's not, you know, enter your email and we'll contact you when we go live. I thought it was functional. Should be, yeah, unless they close it for some reason. Huh.

It's coming. Yeah, that's weird. I don't know. Maybe Todd got in, I might have gotten early access because we bought some of the other Thrive stuff or something. Is there another cart where you can name your price?

The only other one I know is called Gumroad. It doesn't integrate well with any of our systems or it didn't the last time we looked at it. But you can take a look at it. Gum as in G-U-M? G-U-M Road.

Yep. I'll take a look. Michelle says you can probably find an affiliate link somewhere. They just stopped the one-time lifetime offer. It's now subscription-based.

So it could be that they're just rolling out. So once you opt in, it could be that they'll notify you relatively quickly. But you can also kind of look around online and you might find a link to their order page. Actually, let me see something. Maybe I have an affiliate link I can send you.

Hang on. Not trying to monetize it for you, but just trying. Let's see. I guess these are just for... All the affiliate stuff is just for managing our own affiliates, it looks like.

Oh, wait. Oh, I've got to become an affiliate. And it works pretty well. It's not ClickFunnels. I'm playing stretch of the imagination.

But yes, it does do the job. So hang on one second here. I see one from JMC. What'd you say? I just got a link in the chat box here from JMC.

Oh, great. There you go. So yeah, I mean, it works. It's not as flexible a page designer as ClickFunnels is. But you're kind of stuck to a specific tempo like SamCart.

It requires Stripe. And the way the name your price thing is set is not ideal. Because you basically have to set the minimum amount. And that's the default that it shows in the box. So if you want somebody to be able to pay as little as a dollar,
the starting price is a dollar.

You can't make it $7 and then let them change it to a dollar. But would it replace as ClickFunnels? I wouldn't replace ClickFunnels with ThriveGuard. Can you integrate? You can integrate with Infusionsoft or whatever your CRM is.

But it's not going to integrate with... No, so what we do is they're going through an email sequence. And so they filled out step one. They didn't buy. They've gotten two or three emails trying to get them to buy.

And if they still haven't bought,
then we'll send them two or three emails
for the name of your price offer. And that just links directly to the ThriveGuard process. I see. Okay, got it. That's all I'm going to tell you if the price is the issue.

It could be there's something else with the offer. With donations, sometimes people want to give what they want to give. I'm not me setting up. You have to give $50 or $120 or whatever it might be. Yeah, it would be perfect for something like that.

The other way to do that... There is another way you could do that is in ClickFunnels. Jamie Smith, if you have access to CFProTools,
he's got a cart,
something that'll kind of turn ClickFunnels into a shopping cart
where people can select the quantity more than one. And so you could technically create a product
that's like a $5 donation
and then they could just change the increments. So if they want to donate $50,
they change it to $10.

Right. $10, $5 increments, that kind of thing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, because I thought about integrating some other... There's some software specifically for nonprofits
where you can set it,
but then it's going to look like
you're going to a completely different page somewhere.

And people may get thrown off by that. Yeah, yeah. It's a challenge. Let's see. Jeff was asking thoughts on Kartra.

So overall, I like Kartra. Admittedly, I haven't played with it as much as I should have. But for somebody who was just starting out,
didn't have Infusionsoft or ActiveCampaign
or anything like that,
kind of wanted an all-in-one solution,
that did everything. Again, you know, any tool that does everything
usually doesn't do any of it very well. But from what I've heard and seen
from other people that are using it,
I know Jean-Michel uses it.

I know Chris Cole uses it. They swear by it and like it. I haven't heard any major problems with it. My biggest issue was there was way too much clicking. It was way too many steps to do something simple,
like to build a simple campaign,
like, you know, a lead capture to a sales funnel,
upsell, downsell type funnel.

There's just a lot of different screens and wizard steps to go through. Yeah, Jean-Michel says the same thing. Yeah, too much clicking with Kartra. So, and it's, you know, I get it. Like for who it's designed for,
for newbies and people that aren't that technically inclined,
it's good because it just kind of walks you through everything.

That's why there's so much clicking. Like everything's kind of a little wizard that walks you through the steps
of what you got to do to complete it. But, you know, once you've done that three or four times
and you know how to use the system,
there should be quicker ways to skip the wizards
and just be able to set things quickly. But, you know, functionality wise, I mean, it has everything you can need. It's got, you know, email marketing, full automation.

It's got a landing page builder. It's got order forms builder. They're on par with ClickFunnels. I still tend to prefer ClickFunnels,
but it certainly can create the same stuff. It's got membership site delivery.

It's got help desk software. It does your video hosting. So, I mean, for an all-in-one system, you know,
it's a pretty complete package and a good place for somebody to start
if they're just starting out. If you're more advanced,
you're better off with the more advanced tools. All right.

Cool. All right, you guys. Well, we're past the hour. So, again, happy to stay on if anybody else has anything. If not, we will call it a day.

Once, going twice. All right. Hasta la lista, folks. Hope you guys have a great, profitable week. And what was the tool name to change increments in ClickFunnels?

CF Pro Tools is by Jamie Smith. It's a collection of a bunch of different little scripts and hacks to ClickFunnels
to make it do stuff it doesn't do outside of the box. There's a lot of different things you can do. If you use ClickFunnels, it's a highly recommended tool. It is all mostly JavaScript, so you kind of – I mean, for the most part,
you can follow the videos and implement it, but it doesn't hurt to have somebody
who knows a little bit about HTML and JavaScript to figure stuff out
if it doesn't always work exactly the way you want it.

Cool. All right, you guys. We're going to call it a wrap. And I look forward to talking to you guys again soon, seeing some of you at Top 1 in
Orlando pretty soon. And hopefully Todd will be out again soon, and I can hop in and fill in for him again.

Until then, I'll talk to you guys later. Have a great week. Have a great week. Have a great week. Have a great week.

Have a great week. Have a great week. Have a great week.
