---
title: "March 14, 2019"
date: 2019-03-15
duration: 2h 3m
duration_seconds: 7385
vimeo_id: 323997078
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# March 14, 2019

**Date:** 2019-03-15 | **Duration:** 2h 3m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

What's up, everybody? Welcome back to another conversion call. Pumped to be with you guys
and gals as always. Some cool submissions today that we're going to go over. A small
handful, I think four or so that we're going to go over.

But before we do, oh, look, there's
a typo here. Conversion call. Before we do, I want to share something that I've been seeing
lately from some clients, some higher level clients in my top one mastermind. Just a common
thread that I've been seeing lately with marketing messages, when you're engineering your marketing
messages. And I really want to simplify this for you.

I'm going to do something here. I want to
draw something out real quick. Show toolbar. And so I want to remind you guys of, and I'm
going to continue to drill this into you, of really what's at the foundation of really designing,
engineering, crafting, you know, high conversion marketing campaigns. I'm going to remind you of
a few kind of mistakes, you know, don'ts.

And then I'm going to remind you of what is really
at the foundation of all of our campaigns. And so the first thing that I want to remind
you of, and many of you have heard me say this numerous times, but when you start to craft
your marketing message, when you, when you're, when you're sitting down and you are writing
your, your headline, when you're writing your, your lead, you know, you're writing the opening
for your marketing campaign, you're writing the body, you're writing the offer, you know,
you're designing these elements. Don't think like a copywriter. Don't go into copywriter
mode. Don't put your copywriter cap on.

Don't try to think of what are all the, the whiz bang,
cool copy words and phrases that I can use. See, because the reality is this, the reality
is that what most marketers think of, and I want you to listen to me here, what most marketers
think of when they think of copywriting buzzwords and phrases, they're really, really thinking
about the kind of the old school hyped up, bloated, hyperbolic adjectives and, and phrases. What tends to happen when entrepreneurs and marketers start thinking like copywriters or start
really, what I should really say is they start trying to write copy instead of trying to write
a compelling marketing message. Instead of trying to present an argument for their mechanism,
for their unique mechanism, for their solution, they start writing copy. And there's a huge
difference, right?

Because good copy doesn't sound like copy. Good copy doesn't read like copy. It
doesn't feel like copy. It doesn't feel hyperbolic. It doesn't feel like it's hype or it's, it's
exaggeration.

And that hype and that exaggeration often comes from the use of kind of these fluffy
over the top adjectives and, um, and, and adverbs. And so I want you to make sure that like you
proactively get in this frame of mind where when you sit down to craft your marketing, you are sitting
down to craft a, uh, uh, uh, uh, a marketing argument, a message that persuades by changing
your prospects beliefs, right? And it might be depending on if you're using an email, it might
be one single belief. If you're writing a blog post or an essay, it might be one single belief. If you're crafting a, a video that's part of your content marketing, uh, strategy, uh, or your content
delivery strategy, it might be a single belief, or you might be crafting a VSL.

You might be crafting a
long form sales letter. You might be crafting an outline for a webinar where you've got to change
all of the necessary beliefs, uh, in your prospects mind. The, the, the thing that you're not doing
is you are not, you're not trying to write copy. You're trying to craft a compelling marketing message. And today, what is a compelling marketing message or an effective marketing message is very, very
different from what it was back in, uh, back in the day, back when a lot of the like, uh, uh, copy
instructional, uh, um, courses and books were, uh, were designed.

And so you just have to be, uh, you
just have to be careful with that. Remember that ultimately what we're doing and, and everybody should
have seen, uh, should be somewhat familiar with this. This is the timeline that I always use for every
single marketing campaign. Does not matter what the marketing funnel model is, whether you're using
a webinar, multi-part video sequence, VSL does not matter whether it is a, excuse me, a VSL to a
strategy session, whether it is a, whether it's a long form sales letter to an order form, um, whether
it's a webinar to an order form does not matter. This is the timeline that I always, uh, that I always
use, you know, by this point that this is what we would call the selling portion.

And this is the
marketing portion. This is really where we present the SIN offer, right? So, uh, you know, the,
the selling that we're doing is in the end, it's call it the last 25% or so of the, of your
marketing message, no matter how, like I said, whether it is, whether your VSL is 10 minutes,
whether your VSL is 40 minutes, it's usually the last 20, 25%, give or take, um, where we're,
all we're doing is presenting the offer. Everything that we are doing prior to that, everything that
we are doing leading up to that, right? All of this in here is all marketing.

And this
is where we are establishing the beliefs in the mind of the, uh, of the mind of the prospect. And so just as a reminder, so that you understand what we're doing here is we're presenting a big
idea. We're presenting a big marketing idea and really, you know, this whole, uh, this whole
big marketing idea, uh, um, concept. And let me just do this really quick. I want to get rid of
this.

Uh, this whole big marketing idea concept, what this is really to really kind of boil this
down. And I know I don't want to spend too much time on this because I want to get to the critiques
for you guys and gals, uh, and then get you out of here on time. Uh, but what the, what we're talking
about here is that, that we're, we're not simply just making a big, bold, audacious promise. You
know, it's interesting for what it's worth without going off on again, a crazy, um, a crazy tangent
here, uh, for what it's worth, you know, there's been a lot of talk lately of, of how, uh, crafting,
you know, it's becoming tougher and tougher to craft compelling and compliant copy for things
like Facebook and YouTube and AdWords, you know, more and more, we're hearing stories of people
getting, uh, booted, their accounts getting shut off their accounts, getting blacklisted very recently,
you know, all the Agora companies have had problems both on Google, uh, and now again,
Facebook, and a lot of it comes back to compliance. And so there's been some people that are talking
about like, um, you know, you've got to learn how to write compliant copy for Facebook.

And being able to write compliant copy is much more important than just being able to write
compelling copy. That's what they've been saying. And here is my stance on this. And you'll see how
this fits in with the big idea in just a second, that it goes without saying that you need to
understand how to write compliant copy, right? Like compliant with Facebook, compliant with YouTube.

It doesn't matter how good your stuff is, is if it's not compliant, it's either not going to get
approved or you're eventually going to get yourself into hot water either way, it's not good. And so
it goes without saying that you need to continue to understand what is compliant and what isn't
compliant on, on Facebook. And there are some kind of general compliance things, right? Like you can't
promote, let's say tobacco, right? That's like a general, but then there are certain things that
are specific to various, um, industries and, and niches, right?

There are some things like,
you know, they don't like, you can't make unsubstantiated claims. Um, blah, blah, blah. This isn't a, this isn't a course on or training on compliance. It's, but the thing that I want you
to understand is this, that more and more, what those, what those traffic platforms are cracking
down on, what they are, what they're cracking down on that will get you into hot water are blatant
promises are right. And, and are these over-exaggerated in your face promises and really more and more,
what we're seeing now are, are just promises in general promises of a result, no matter what the
marketplace is promise of growing, growing more hair, promise of a greener lawn, promise of making
more money, promise of growing your business, promise of profits, right?

Promise of, uh, successful
stock trades, promise of X amount of weight loss, promise of losing inches, uh, any of those things
promises they do not like those platforms do not like. And so not even talking about exaggerated or,
uh, or hyped up promises, just promises. They do not, they do not like, and that's why you're
seeing this trend where people are going from, you know, these promises, how to lose 15 pounds
to more case study oriented copy, right? How Bob lost 15 pounds, how one middle-aged man from Illinois
lost 15 pounds, right? Because that's not a promise.

It's more of a story. It's more of a, um, uh,
a case study. I'm sharing that with you in this context because it has made the big idea that much
more valuable because the big idea is not based around a big, um, piped up promise. It involved,
it's something new. It's something different.

It's something newsworthy. It's something intellectually
interesting as well as having, um, an, uh, you know, a transformation attached to it, but it's not
some hyped up in your face, um, promise. And so the big idea has become even more valuable because
the big idea done right is compliant. And so what you've got is you've got something that is compliant
and is compelling and it works to grab attention. Now, just to finish this up over here, right?

It grabs
attention. Um, and then what happens is the lead, the first, you know, the first 350, 400, 500 words
of your marketing message of, uh, of your, of your, um, of your marketing campaign is all about setting
the hook. All it really is to boil it down. Here's how I want you to think about it, right? The big idea
gets their attention, but it doesn't set the hook, right?

It doesn't get them to, it just gets their
attention. It just gets them to say, let me see what this is about. Right. But, uh, and, uh, now we
need the lead, the first 350 or so words to actually keep them around long enough for you to present
kind of the logical, the logical argument, the proof, um, and establish the different, um, beliefs. And so over here, we've got the lead.

This is where, what we are really doing is we are really teasing
out. We're really telling them how they can experience certain benefits from your unique
mechanism. We're in essence saying that we've got a new and different way for you to experience the
result, the outcome, the transformation that you want, right? That's what we are in essence doing. And we're kind of fleshing that out sometimes in the, in the, in the lead.

And I think we're going to
look at, uh, at one or two, um, leads today. Like what you are doing is you are fleshing out the,
like, I'm, I'm starting with the main benefit that they can experience. And really I'm, I'm usually
just saying like, you know, something along the lines of, you know, what you're about to see
is a new and different way of blah, blah, blah. Um, using what's called, and then I might name the
unique mechanism you'll be able to. And then I state the benefit or the promise, the transformation
another way.

Right. And so all we're really doing in that first 350, 400 words, that lead
is really for the most part, for most of the time is we are just getting them excited to hear more. We're getting them to say, okay, prove it to me. That's really what we want them to say at the end
of this, at the end of this lead, we want them to say, wow, okay, sounds great. Sounds awesome.

Now
just prove it to me. Make me believe that it works. Show me why I should believe that, um,
that it works. And then what happens from this point to this point right here is all we are doing
is we are presenting evidence and proof that this unique mechanism can in fact deliver on these core
promises. Right.

And so piece by piece, we're making one claim, then another claim, then another claim,
then another claim, then another claim, then another claim, and so on until they get, get to the end,
until we reach the end of our, of our marketing argument, where they in essence say, okay, I get it. I
understand why this works. I understand why it's more efficient, more effective, more powerful,
healthier, faster, quicker, whatever, all of the things that, you know, you, you want to, you want them to
believe and understand. I understand why this unique mechanism is the, um, the way to go. Okay.

You know,
I want it now. I just need to know how to get it. And remember, here's the thing that I want you to
understand. We're not talking about the product. The product is what gives them the unique mechanism,
but the product and the unique mechanism are two different things, right?

The, the product contains
the unique mechanism, but you don't need to be talking about the product to be talking about the
unique mechanism, right? And so we're convincing them here, right? Of the, that the unique mechanism
can in fact deliver on that core benefit, deliver on that core transformation. And by this point,
what, this is what we mean when we say they want it, this is what we mean when we say we create demand
for your product before we ever even introduce your product. Because by the time we present the offer
over here, they already want the unique mechanism.

That's really in essence, what we are saying,
what we're saying is that by the end of the marketing argument, by the end of the marketing
message, before we present the offer, they want it. They want the unique mechanism. Now we just show
them how to get the unique mechanism with your offer. And the unique mechanism is in the product,
right? And so then we make it brain dead simple for them to say yes.

So they want the unique mechanism. Now we make them an offer that makes it extremely simple for them to say yes. So hang on. I just want to
take a drink. So by the way, I posted on Instagram, I think yesterday in my story, my little thing,
I've been using Instagram a little bit more.

I love this water bottle. It's this gigantic 50 ounce
water bottle. And it's got the different time. It's got each hour throughout the day, 8am, 9am,
10am, 11am, where I should be, right? So like 8am, I should have drank.

I should have already
consumed 10 ounces, 9am, 20 ounces, 10am, 30 ounces, 11am, 40 ounces, 12pm, 50 ounces. And then
on the other side of the bottle, it goes 2pm, 3pm, 4pm, 5pm, 6pm if I wanted to go all the way to
100 ounces. And I just love it because it's out in front of me and it gives me a target to shoot
for, right? And there's a lesson there from a business perspective about keeping your targets
and your measurement, where you're at and where you should be at out in front of you
on a, on a regular basis. But so the thing that I want you to understand here, right?

Is this is how I put together all messages, no matter how short or long. And the thing that I,
I really want you to just remember is the way I started this little kind of this little intro
rant with, and that is, I don't want you to go in copywriter mode. Cause I'm not thinking like a
copywriter. Like the reality is this, that a big idea, the better the idea, the, um, the easier it is
to, to, to get attention, right? Like the easier it is to get attention and create in, um, engagement.

And then, right. The better, the better the offer is the easier it is, uh, um, from a marketing
perspective, like, right. Because if the offer is so good, so over the top, so ridiculous, right. Um, it, it, it, you don't, it, it requires less, uh, marketing strategy, if you will, right. I'm not
saying that you shouldn't go the distance with your marketing strategy, but it requires less
marketing strategy.

And so the thing that I, what I don't want you to do is what happens to a lot of
entrepreneurs. A lot of marketers is number one, they put their copywriter cap on. They try to
write copy instead of writing a compelling message. Don't think like a copywriter, right? Just think I, somebody is sitting on the other side of me.

Somebody is across the table from me
and I need them to believe that my solution, my mechanism is the best for them. I want them to see
that. I want them to understand that. I want them to recognize why, what it is that they're
contemplating isn't the best, where the, the, the downsides are. I want them to understand why this
is more effective, maybe more efficient, maybe quicker, maybe, um, more comprehensive.

I want
them to understand why this is right for them, right? That's the foundation, right? You could then
go back and you can spruce things up a little bit. There might be some better words, some, some verbs
that are kind of more action oriented, uh, or more, uh, you know, paint a, a, a, a, a more, uh,
action oriented picture. You might want to remove some adjectives, remove some verbs, but you don't
start off writing copy.

You start off by trying to just communicate why your thing is the, um,
is the way to go. And so that's one, one mistake. The second mistake is that when you start with a weak
idea, when you start with an ordinary idea, when you're, when your idea is really nothing more than,
you know, follow this program to lose weight, right? Like when you start with that kind of
ordinary average idea, right? You should see why it's going to be difficult for you to make that
sound exciting.

That's where marketers then, uh, add in all this hyperbolic language. Why? Because
they're starting with an ordinary plain vanilla, boring idea. And the only way to make it exciting
is to try to use, um, hyperbolic hyped up exaggerated language, because if they use
ordinary language, then they've got an ordinary idea and ordinary language. Their stuff is virtually
going to be ignored.

If they've got an ordinary idea they need, or in their, in their, in their mind,
they need to, um, to puff up the language to try to make it sound exciting. But the reason why they're,
they're puffing up the language, the reason why they're using those adjectives and adverbs and all
that hyperbolic kind of, you know, exaggeration is because, uh, they're starting with an ordinary
idea. In essence, it's like what I've said before, they're putting lipstick on a pig. The idea is it,
it, it's not good. And in order to try to make it sexy, they're, they're, they're putting lipstick on
it.

Right. And so the right way the, to understand this is the better, the idea, the, the prettier,
the idea, the more compelling the idea, the more plain your language could be a great idea that's
communicated with clarity and plain language with a great offer on the end will always out pull
puffed up, exaggerated hyperbolic messages that are designed to make an ordinary idea sound
extraordinary. Don't try to make an ordinary idea sound extraordinary. Just start with an extraordinary
idea. Yes.

It's difficult. Yes. It's more, it's more, um, time consuming. Um, yes, it requires brain
power. Yes.

It requires you to be patient because you got to dig and these things aren't going to come
to you in a flash of brilliance, but those are the things that make monster, um, campaigns. Those are the
things that make monster campaigns. And so, um, and today more so than ever before your prospects are
skeptical, they're jaded. They've been exposed to more exaggerated marketing claims. They've been
burned before.

So it's not like it was 20 years ago, 25 years ago, uh, 30 years ago when a lot of
the, uh, copywriting books were, um, were written. It's a very different environment today. You're dealing
with a different canvas today in terms of your prospects than years ago. And so you've got to,
uh, you've got to remember that. And so with that, now let's get to our first critique finally.

And so the first critique is from Charles Wu and Charles said, uh, he wanted me to review his front
end, uh, opted land sales. Okay. So we're going to review one piece of this campaign. We'll review the,
the front end creative. Let me open this.

I'll see if I can move this over for you guys. Okay. So let's do this. And I've seen this. Charles sent me over, um, and you can actually
hear, uh, is his, the video, this is the, the video.

And so Charles works in Charles works with
minorities helping, um, really, uh, African-American folks to invest for current cashflow and, um, and
kind of like legacy wealth. And he's talking here about cannabis. And so he opens up and he's doing
an on camera, um, video here. Uh, and so here's the copy. And so let's kind of, let's take a look at
this.

Uh, and obviously this is for a free class and you're going to see in just a second. Cause I
write a having the chance to review the different submissions. You're going to see how really I've
got certain clicks on the dial, so to speak that like without fail, it it's almost always one of
just a small handful of things that need to be tweaked that need to be dialed in. And you're going to see
me continue to go back to those things and you're going to, you're going to start to see over and
over when good, good campaigns doing what it is that I'm showing you. And you're going to, you're
going to be able to spot what's missing or what's off a little bit on, um, on other campaigns, your
own included.

So here we go. It says, uh, have you ever looked in the mirror and thought you'd be
further ahead by now? Well, it doesn't matter how much you make your ability to build and create
lasting wealth lives and dies by how well you learn to make, uh, how well you learn to make
your money work for you. And the big question is this, the green rush was a $10 billion industry
last year. Experts say this could be worth over 20 billion by the end of next year.

And the big
question is this, how do normal people like us who didn't cheat by being, uh, born into the 1%,
how do we use the money from our own pockets to participate in this massive wealth creation event
while building financial freedom for ourselves and generational wealth for our families? That's
the question. My name is Charles. Join, uh, join me. I'll discuss the down and dirty truth about why
most are failing miserably in investing and reveal the hidden formula used to write wealth transfer cycles
and build generational wealth.

Just click the button below and register for my free class. Okay. So, uh, I do not think, I'm not sure if Charles is on here. I do not think Charles is on here,
but I'm going to speak both to Charles and to you guys and gals, um, at the same time. So one of the
things that you've heard me say before, and this is, this isn't, you know, kind of a hard and fast rule,
but this, this, I tend to live by this more often than not.

I'd say eight out of 10 times that I want the
promise the payoff, um, as early as possible in my message. Usually I say it's the three finger test. It is, I have to mention the promise within three fingers of the, of the first sentence. So within,
if I put my, my, my fingers up, you know, horizontally, um, uh, right from left to right,
uh, you know, stacked one on top of another, I want three fingers down, no more than three fingers
down. Uh, I want to have the promise.

I want to get the promise in and I want to, um, I want to
also, when I convey the promise or when I mentioned the promise, when I let them know what it is that
they can expect to experience by engaging with the marketing, I want to as quickly as possible,
make sure that they are clear that there is a unique and different way that I'm going to show
them how to do this. So anytime you are talking about an outcome, a transformation, a result that
your prospect has already been promised, like how to get rich with, with cannabis, how to get rich
investing, how to make money from the up and coming marijuana market, anytime you are promising
them something that others have already promised them, you have to come in with a unique way of
doing it. If you don't, then you're going to trigger mental opt out for them. They're going to
say, Hey, I've heard this before. I've seen this before.

Others are promising this. Then you
immediately create this environment where they can compare you to anybody and everybody else that's
offering the same outcome. And so you have to communicate right away that you've got a,
a different way to, um, to do this. And the thing that you want to be very careful with
is you don't want to make that like, you don't want to promise them something that they've heard
before. And so why am I mentioning that?

Because in this sentence right here, right? So let's look
at this. Have you ever looked in the mirror and thought that you'd be further ahead by now? Well,
it doesn't matter how much you make your ability to build and create lasting wealth lives and dies by
how well you learn to make your money work for you, right? That's not really a unique promise.

That's not really a unique insight, right? That's out there. That's been talked about for,
um, you know, for as long as I can remember in the wealth creation, um, market. And so that's right to,
to just say that, and then to go on with continue with the message, right? And the big question is this,
the green rush was a $10 billion industry, right?

Experts say this could be worth 20 billion, uh,
by the end of next year. Now, now mind you just look at this for one second. Look at no point
thus far has there, have we presented a promise? There's no promise of benefit here, right? All we
said over here was your ability to build and create lasting wealth lives and dies by how well you learn
to make your money work for you.

All that is, is a proclamation. It's not a promise of anything,
right? We didn't say that you're going to learn how to do that, right? And then we went on to in,
in form, right? And so the green rush was a $10 billion industry last year.

Experts say this could be
worth 20 billion by the end of next year. Um, the big question is this, how do normal people like us,
uh, who didn't cheat to be born into the one, um, the 1%, and I'm not even sure over here,
just as a side note, if we would say that people born into the 1%, if we would refer to that as
cheating, right? Cause they were, they can't help who they were born to. I understand what Charles
was trying to say here, but, uh, um, but it's more like we weren't gifted, uh, into the top 1% by being
born with a, you know, a silver spoon. Um, and then over here, right?

How do we use, this is kind
of an implied promise. How do we use the money from our own pockets to participate in this massive
wealth creation event while building financial freedom, um, for ourselves and generational wealth
for our families. The thing to understand is this, there is no promise of anything, uh, unique. So this is
really kind of the first hint of a promise over here, right? Kind of, if you take out, how do we,
right?

It's kind of saying, right. That in essence, I'm going to show you how to use the money from,
you know, your own pocket to participate in this math, massive wealth creation while building
financial freedom and generational, um, wealth. That's an implied promise. And that's really the
only, uh, promise up to this point, but it's not original, it's not unique. And so the thing that has
to be changed here, there's a couple of things for time purposes.

I'm going to simplify this and, and,
and let me just say this, let me, let me take a step back for one second. I explain a lot of this. I
explain my thinking and my perspective and how I approach it because I want you to learn. I want you
to improve in your skills. I want you to begin to think the way that I think, or look at these
campaigns, the way I look at these campaigns, rather than me, just tell you, switch this word
from X to Y or from a to, to B, right?

Because you don't, that's, you don't grow that way. You grow
by switching it and understanding why. And so over here, right. Um, so over here, you want to be
careful that you're not, you know, uh, you're not using, um, you know, like, uh, third party,
how do we talking about the whole group? You want to boil it down.

How do you use the money from your
own pop, you know, pocket to participate in this math, massive wealth creation while building
financial freedom for yourself and creating generational wealth for your family, right? That's much, much more powerful than how do we use the money from our own pockets and how do we take
advantage of this? And so you want to make sure that you're talking about the prospect, translate
it into talking about the payoff for the, um, for the, the prospect, the things that I would change in
here. I think, have you ever looked in the mirror and thought that you'd be, uh, further, uh, ahead by
now. That's fine.

Well, in fact, you know, fact is, uh, it doesn't matter how much you make your
ability to build and create lasting wealth lives and dies by how well you learn to make money work
for you. Right. Um, uh, and right. And here's where I would put in a promise with the unique mechanism. Right.

Um, right. Uh, and, and I'm going to show you, uh, I'm going to show you how to blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah, using a brand new, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Fact is right. The green rush was a $10 billion industry last year. And experts say that it could
be worth 20 billion by the end of the year.

So the big question, right. Is how do normal people like
us who weren't born into rich families? How, how, you know, how do we, uh, how do we jump on this? In fact, how can you using the LMNOP system participate in this massive wealth creation
event so that you achieve financial freedom for yourself and you generate generational wealth
for your family for years? Well, that's exactly what it is that I'm going to show you how to do
on my upcoming free masterclass.

In fact, right. And over here where he says, right. I'm going to
discuss the down and dirty truth about why most are failing miserably at investing and reveal the
hidden formula used to write transfer. So you got to get specific here. So this, right.

The down and
dirty truth about why most are failing miserably, um, in investing. That's a very generic general
statement that anybody that's teaching investing could use. Right. And that doesn't hold power. That's not right.

That doesn't hold power. You want to get specific, right. The, the $5 mistake that,
you know, the, the mistake that people make with $5 bills, um, that, you know, that can cost them a
hundred thousand dollars over their lifetime, or the one simple thing that you need to set up for
free on your home computer that will give you access to the top five, most, you know, profit potential
cannabis companies in the next two months, right? Like things that are specific and different. Remember something, I'm going to leave it, leave it with this both for Charles and for all of you
that the key is differentiation.

You don't want more of the same. You don't want to bring the same
marketing message, the same appeals, the same hooks to the, um, to the, uh, to your, to your message,
to your, uh, to your marketing argument. You want to bring something new and different,
and you want those new and different things to be specific. The main thing being your unique
mechanism, right? So your unique mechanism, new, different.

Um, and if you've got bullets, uh,
or a little, make them, make them things that they can't learn anywhere else. That's right. Because
here it's, if they miss it, I could go to, I could go to YouTube and search on why people fail at
investing. And so, uh, make it specific, make it something that they can't, um, that they can't get
anywhere else. And so there you go, Charles, let's go to the next, um, submission.

And the next
submission is from Nick and Nick said he's working on a new funnel and he wants some feedback on the
headline, uh, and the bullets on this, uh, opt in page. And so let's take a look at this. Okay. Okay. So, um, want to get more new dental patients faster without struggling with marketing,
uh, discover the swift system we use to help dental clinics.

We use to help dental clinics, getting more high quality patients without headaches of marketing. Book a free strategy call today and discover the following, discover how to ensure competitive
positioning in your local market, find the right growth strategies for the milestones you want to
hit in 2019. See how you can bring, see how we can bring you more new clients every week without any
hidden fees or extra costs. Yes. I want to book a free strategy call.

Now our digital marketing is
okay. So, um, so let's just leave this for right now, right? Like if this is, you know,
the home page for, um, for, um, this particular, um, site, let's just say, um, let's skip over here. So there are a couple of things right here. I want you to pay attention.

All of you to
this right here, uh, discover the, the, the swift system we use to help dental clinics get more should
be in this context. It would be get more high quality patients without, uh, the headaches of
marketing. So a couple of things. So you see used, I would change this. And this is one of the things,
this isn't, again, this isn't a hard and fast rule, but this is very, uh, common for me.

Don't make
it something that, um, don't make it in the past. Don't make it a past event. Make it something that
is happening right now. Make it something that is, um, is, is, is working right now. Right?

So,
and the way you do that is discover the sit, the, the, the swift system we're using to help dental
clinics get more high quality patients every day, dot, dot, dot, without the headaches of marketing,
right. And so it's something that is working right now, because if you say it's, it's,
we used it, well, did you use it a year ago? You used it two years ago. You know,
did you use it three years ago? Is it still working today?

Is that why you are, you know,
sharing it? And so make it present, right? So, um, uh, discover the Swiss, the swift system that we're
using to help dental clinics, um, get more high quality patients every day without the headaches of
marketing. The next thing that I would say, um, is this get more, um, get more high quality patients. And so that's very general, right?

What does that mean? Get more, get one more, get 12 more,
get, you know, double, uh, five X, two X, add 12, you know, an average of, you know, 12 new patients,
uh, like that you're using to help dental clinics, get, you know, get, uh, a minimum of 12 new patients a
week. What is the, you know, what, what, what are the specifics that you can share in that? Remember vague generalities don't sell specific sales specifics, make your message more, um,
more credible and more believable. The way to really look at it today is that vague statements
come off like advertising and marketing, whereas specifics come off more like facts, right?

And so,
you know, you're better off even, even if it was, you know, it's the, the swift system that we're
using to help them dental clinics get, you know, get, uh, get two more patients every day. Like,
even if it, it doesn't seem like it is exciting, it holds more credibility, uh, believability than
a vague generality. Um, and so I would make this a little bit, I would make this more specific. And then finally, the last thing, and this is more of a question, Nick, for you to, uh, answer,
uh, or for you to kind of ponder. And that is this, um, is that the biggest, is this the biggest,
uh, issue that they have?

Like, is it, you know, would they say, you know, is it the headaches of
marketing or is it without the expense of advertising? Is it, you know, um, without having to work with reps,
without having to manage, uh, marketing, without having to worry about marketing? I want to just
make sure that whatever this is, right, this is always the thing that they would say to a friend
if they were at a bar. Like, I just wish that we can get patients without X, without having to spend
money, without having to deal with all this, you know, marketing, without having to, um, get involved
with all smart, without having to have multiple vendors. And so I would, um, I would use their,
their language over here.

Um, get rid of this period at the end of this little, um, subhead,
you don't need this. Then over here, just a quick thing about these, um, these bullets, um, is this
one, like, and this is important for everybody, uh, to remember this, right. Discover how to ensure
competitive positioning in your, in your local market. Um, well, what is competitive positioning,
right? Like what is competitive positioning?

What does that mean exactly? Um, is that,
is that languaging that they would use? Is it, is a dentist gonna, you know, when they go out to
lunch, are they saying, I wish, you know, what can we do to ensure our competitive positioning in our
local market? Or is there another phrase, another word, another way that they would say it and when
in doubt, right. And this is, this is where, again, it's that, it's that copywriting cap, you know,
thinking like a marketer, thinking like a copywriter that you've got to take off, um, that you got to
leave off, uh, is that right is say it like they would say it use the words and phrases that resonate
most with them.

Use the words and phrases that they would use that make them feel like, wow,
this person gets me. They understand like that's they're speaking my language, not professional talk,
not marketing, talk, not advertising, speak, not copy, but you're using their language. You're using the
way, like you're saying it the way they would say, you're saying it like where it would be most
impactful to them. And right. Sometimes we, we think like new salespeople, new marketers,
new entrepreneurs think like, if I got the doctor on the phone, I would say to them, right,
I'm going to show you how to ensure your competitive positioning in your, your local market.

But the reality is that that's meaningless. That doesn't get the doctor fired up. The doctor's not
lying awake in bed at night with their heart pumping, super excited because they're like,
yes, I've always wanted competitive positioning, right? Maybe what they want is they want to be,
they want to be viewed as the celebrity doctor in their area, right? They want everybody to recognize
them no matter where they go, right?

Everybody to recognize them as the, the go-to, the go-to dentist. They want to be a famous dentist in their area, or they want to be considered, you know,
the dentist that other dentists go to or whatever, right? They want to, you know, it's kind of like
saying, you know, it's, it's kind of like, um, you know, rather than saying like your, your advertising
will be positioned for maximum attention, right? You're better off just saying like all of your
stuff will stand out. All of your stuff will get noticed and all of your stuff will get clicked on.

All of your web pages will generate responses. We'll get email addresses. People will be entering
their information, right? To hear from you and your office. People will be requesting appointments,
simple down to earth language for what resonates with them at their, um, at their, their, uh,
their, their core.

Uh, and so this is fine, right? Cause it's really straightforward. The only thing
that I would, that I would say is this, see that this, uh, clients, uh, you gotta be careful here,
Nick. I'm not sure for your, your market, but I believe that most dentists refer to them as patients
like you have over here. And so you just want to keep consistent with this.

It reminds me of,
you know, many, many moons ago when I used to work with massage therapists,
they called their, their people clients, right? But then, um, chiropractors don't refer to their
people as clients. They refer to their people as patients and you can't, you never, if you confuse
the two or say that, you know, or, or, or use them interchangeably, that becomes a red flag for
them that you don't, uh, that you don't know them. The other thing is over here, can you improve this,
right? See how we can bring you more new clients every week without any hidden fees or extra costs.

Like, is there, what can you get? What can you say that is more specific? Can you say that like,
well, two X see how, like, see how we guaranteed it to act and remember something. And let me say
this for all of you. Listen to me here.

I know I'm going a thousand miles an hour and I'm going all
over the place, but these, these things are just popping into my head and I want to get them out for
you. That is, you gotta remember, don't ever underestimate the task at hand. Don't underestimate what it
takes to fire somebody up to enough to get them to take action. Whether that action is
scheduling a strategy call. And mind you, there is a lot of fear to overcome here.

Fear that they're
going to be sold, fear that they're going to be put in an uncomfortable position, fear that they're
going to have to reject you or an offer. All these things make it uncomfortable, make them question
whether they want to put themselves in. And so what it takes to get them to take action is significant. So you've got to have something exciting, right? And so rather than say how we can bring you,
you know, you know, discover how we can bring you more new clients every week without any hidden fees
or extra costs.

It would be like, right. Um, understand why we can guarantee that you get
an extra 12 client, uh, 12 patients every single week without a single penny in additional fees or
extra costs, right? Like now that's a lot more exciting, more believable. Like I want to understand
what the guarantee is. I want to understand how you, you know, how you do it.

The 12, like
at least like it's, and that's what you are ultimately, um, going for. And so hopefully that
makes sense. Nick, there you go. I think also my suggestion for you is all of this stuff down here. Remember that, um, that like all of this stuff down here, search engine optimization,
traffic generation, this is meaningless to the average doctor, right?

Not only most of the time,
they don't know what this means, right? For the one, but for the ones that do, this is very generic
stuff, search engine optimization, right? Um, uh, it, this is very generic stuff. What the only thing
that I would have, if I was going to add more content, more copy to this page, to any, to any page
like this, whether it's Nick's or any other, uh, opt-in page for a strategy call, the only thing
that the only things that should be on here are things that make scheduling the strategy call more
compelling, more interesting, right? So like over here, you might, you know, like, um, let's say in
the first five minutes of your strategy call, you can have a picture and then like what they'll discover,
what they'll learn, what they'll get, right?

Um, we'll uncover your blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah. You know, in the first 10 minutes, um, you'll, you'll understand your blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? In the first 15 minutes, you'll first 20 minutes,
like anything that I add to this page is going to be to support the one action that I want them to take. And in this case, that action on this particular page that I would want them to take, right? Um,
would be scheduling the, the, um, scheduling the strategy session.

Now, if this stuff,
if this information, right, is not, wasn't here to support, let's just say the, the strategy session,
um, it was just to give more information. I would move this to a sub page, um, rather than the main page,
right? Because people, if they see more information, they're going to scroll down. And if there's anything on here that they can make a decision on, like, look, the reality is this,
I see this, want to get more new dental patients. Um, you know, patients swift, boom, boom, boom.

And then I see social media, web search search engine. I immediately think that I know what you
do and it immediately gives me the ability to say, oh, it's another social media. He's going to tell me
about Facebook. He's telling me about Instagram. He's going to tell me about this thing.

I don't want
to do that. If anything, I want to create more mystery. I want to create more curiosity. I want to create more curiosity around the swift system, right? Because I want them to get on the
phone, curious of how that, that system works.

I don't want to give away that mystery, right? You give away that mystery and you take away from the likelihood of that, of that, um, action being
taken. And so hopefully that, um, that makes sense, Nick. And so there you go. Let's go on to the next,
got two more for you guys and gals.

And so the next one, let me see. We got one from JMC and then we've
got one from Jean. Uh, you got it, Nick. And so let's look at JMC. So JMC, can you,
can you critique my mock lead about how to grow bigger tomatoes?

Okay. So this should be
quick and painless. And it's, it's, it's a cool thing. You know, it's, it's funny how, you know,
JMC is, you know, is, is, is a student and he's constantly working on, um, on his copy skills. And so,
you know, many of you that have been on here, uh, before you've seen, um, you've seen other leads
from, uh, from JMC.

He's just, you know, he's just honing, he's just honing his skills. And so,
um, found in Louis XVI's private diary project, uh, secret project to create a new breed of tomatoes
to fight against the national widespread starvation during the French resolution. Some folks are using
it in their backyards to harvest the biggest tomatoes they've ever seen read on and discover
how you could start growing bigger organic tomatoes, um, from today. See, you know, and, and JMC is,
is, is, is getting, um, just better and better at, you know, ideas now, granted it's it, you know,
look like this is an interesting idea, right? Like, look, you know, the typical, the typical
marketing, like, look, if like, you know, look, uh, none of us are probably most of us aren't
interested in, in growing bigger tomatoes.

Uh, I would think, uh, maybe I'm wrong, but, uh,
but right. And we might feel like this is a little ridiculous. This is a little crazy,
but that's because you're not the market, right? We're not the market. And so, right.

It might not be compelling to us because we're not interested in growing tomatoes, but I know that
this is the kind of idea that stands out amongst the, amongst, uh, marketing and advertising that is
just how to grow bigger tomatoes, right? That doesn't get attention, right? Those bland,
boring ideas, how to grow big tomatoes. And then again, right. In order to make that sound
sexy somewhere in that type of message, how to grow big tomatoes is going to have to be create,
you know, explosive growth of monster tomatoes, bigger than blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

Right. But when you've got a great idea like this, you don't need hyperbolic language. You just lay
out the idea. Now, look, in this case, of course, you know, it's, it's, it's nowhere near as difficult
when you can come up with a mock lead or a mock idea because you're just making up an idea. Right.

And so it doesn't need to be supported by any research or, you know, any, any truth. Um, but the
reality is like, if you could find, if there was something right in, uh, in Louis the 16th private
diary about growing big tomatoes, and maybe there is right. Like, you know, I have no idea,
but that that's fascinating. That's really an interesting way of jumping out into like that. This is the kind of thing where that market would at a bare minimum be intellectually curious to see
what is it that he knew or did that I'm not doing right now.

And that's all we need. We just need to,
to, to spark enough attention to get them to say, let me see what this is about, which is where,
you know, the, um, the lead, um, uh, takes over. And so now look on a long form sales letter,
right. You've got this, um, you've got, look, you've already got an implied promise that right,
that this can be used to harvest some of the biggest tomatoes, uh, out there. Right.

And it's
got an explicit promise, right. Discover how you can start growing bigger organic tomatoes, um, from
today. Right. So just in the deck copy, it's got, uh, already a promise. Uh, but let's take a look
at this picture.

This it's 1788. It's one of the coldest winters in France's history. People are
dying of starvation. You can smell the odor of fresh gunpowder floating in the streets of Paris. You hear people shouting, bring the king to the guillotine riots are exploding all around the
country.

This is all happening because you're right in the middle of the French revolution and face this
situation. Uh, the king is powerless. He hasn't said his final word. See his last attempt to save the
country called project tomato saint, blah, blah, blah. Could put an end to the widespread of the,
of the national, um, famine, a secret project to create a new breed of tomatoes, a breed of tomatoes
that would grow twice as big as the regular ones.

He was talking about large one or two pound record
champ tomatoes, tomatoes that folks could keep at least twice longer without starting to rot tomatoes
that will naturally repulse bugs. So the peasants won't lose a portion of the harvest. If you think that
project sounds crazy, even in our modern world, imagine how people reacted when they heard this
ambitious project back in 1788 because that was the, that was the secret mission, um, King Louis
gave to his army of scientists. Not only that mission alone, that mission alone was difficult
on its own, but he asked them to respect a major condition. See, his majesty was well known for being
a demanding person.

So we didn't want to have just bigger or stronger tomatoes. That wasn't ambitious
enough. He wanted tasty tomatoes too. Tomatoes that would taste better than the average one. Tomatoes that
when you take a bite, you'll feel like you're biting into a sweet, fresh fruit.

See,
the task wasn't easy at all, but after multiple trials, the same grail of tomatoes finally came
up. And in a moment, you'll discover how you could use today this unique breed of tomatoes in your own
backyard to start growing tomatoes that are twice as big. But first, let me tell you why you've probably
never heard of this breed of tomatoes. Hi, my name is Jim Beam over the last two decades. I love it.

I
I like it. Um, this is one of those things that, you know, could we, uh, could we potentially tweak,
um, little things, um, here or there? Um, sure. But I wouldn't without testing it like me,
if this was, you know, if you wrote this copy for me, for my company, I would immediately, um,
test it. I would put it out there because it's interesting.

It's compelling. It's different. It's,
it's, it's, it's fascinating. It reads well. It's, um, a story.

Yeah. It's, it's very good. It's,
uh, it's, um, it's fascinating. The only thing that I would probably, uh, that I would definitely,
I shouldn't say definitely, I would test it, but I would also more than likely, uh,
right. So over here, but after multiple trials, the, the same, uh, grail of tomatoes finally came up.

And in a moment you'll discover how you could use today, this new breed of tomatoes in your
own backyard to start growing tomatoes that are twice as big. So in between this and this,
I would just give the after picture a little bit. Like it was very abrupt going from like,
um, you know, see the task wasn't easy at all, but after multiple, um, trials after,
you know, and, and here's where I would put in a little mystery, like, but, um, after multiple
trials after, you know, after tweaking, you know, blah, blah, blah. They, they dialed
in, uh, there, they dialed in their simple soil mixing method. And the, the St.

Griel of tomatoes
finally came up, you know, big one to, you know, you know, on, on average, one and a quarter pounds,
sweet, almost like in, um, an apple red, like, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah. And, um,
uh, you know, uh, whatever, maybe one other, uh, other benefit, uh, you know, an incredible,
uh, discovery for, you know, for gardeners the world over. And in a moment you'll discover in a
moment, you'll discover how you can use this same simple soil tossing formula, blah, blah, blah. And this unique breed of tomatoes in your own backyard. So you start growing tomatoes that are
twice as big, twice as tasty, twice as juicy and, uh, and twice as fulfilling.

But first,
let me tell you why you probably never heard of this breed of tomatoes before. And so, um,
uh, and so there you go. Let me see. Yeah, I don't think so. JMC said he, after seeing this,
he'd be a little bit more specific in the, um, in the deck copy.

Uh, I think, um, the only place that
I would probably tweak is right here. Um, right. Because you already said over here, right. Some
folks are already using it in their backyards to harvest the biggest tomatoes they've ever seen. Like that's, you don't need to make that specific.

I like that, um, kind of statement here, but over
here, this one, read on and discover how you could start growing, um, you know, tomatoes twice the size
of what it is that you currently, uh, are seeing today. Something like here is where I would be a
little bit, um, a little bit more specific, but I think that it is, um, I think that it is really good. And so, okay. And so hopefully that makes sense. Uh, JMC, let's go on to the next one.

You got it. And so Michael, let me see here. My submission seems to only go to Damien. So
did you, did you, you fill out the form, Michael, uh, the, the actual, um, the actual submission form
rather than just post it in Slack or something like that? Did you actually fill out the submission
form?

Cause I'm looking at the submission form right here with all the submissions. Oh, so that you filled out the form. So there's two different forms. So let me just make sure that
everybody's clear about this. So there's two different forms for the two different calls.

There's actually really three different forms. There's one for the monthly ask me anything,
um, call where that's where, when you want to submit a question for that call, you just fill out
that form. When you want to ask a question for, um, for Damien, there's a live traffic, um, uh,
submission form, and then there's the live conversion, uh, submission form. Let me see
if I can just pop the link in. Let's see if this is it.

So I can give this to you guys in here. It's inside the portal, but just in case. Yep. Here you go. Let's see.

Let me go on to, man, craziness over here. Okay. Okay. So Jean said, I'd like to get feedback on the marketing message for my front end $7
book. Okay.

So let's pull this up. And let's do this bad boy. Okay. Okay. So that's the book cover.

Okay. Let me just take a look at this. So Jean Gillesberg, um,
new digital marketing, uh, digital marketing for digital course creators, sell and market your
digital course using digital marketing strategies in just 60 days. Okay. One of the things that for all of you that I would, um, that I would,
that I would say is anytime you're going to have a cover created the, anytime you're going to have a
cover created, what I recommend that you do, what I started having my team do is go over to Amazon,
pull up the best sellers in your particular market and look at, um, look at the commonalities,
look at the, the, the format, look at the layout.

Like if we go over to, um, let's do this. If we go over to Amazon, I want to show you something. Um, where are the,
uh, let's do this nonfiction. So I showed this to, um, to, um, to my team. So let's take a look at,
so here, right, right now, these are the week of March 10th, right?

This is, uh, this is nonfiction. And so here is, and this is exactly actually what I did, uh, for, for my team. Uh, I think it was a
week ago. Um, so these are, here are the top six right here. One, two, three, four, five and six.

And so what is one thing that you'll notice about the top six books? What one thing does the majority,
does five of the top six have in common that you can see right here? This book, this book,
right? This book, this book, and this book, what do they have in common? Well,
what they have in common, you could say that's, it's so funny, short, short titles.

That's one
thing that, um, that my team, um, shared with me, right? They have that. They tend to have short,
short titles, right? Becoming educated girl, stop apologizing girl, wash your face, born, um,
born a crime can't hurt me. Um, right.

Most of them have, you know, short titles, um,
with obviously longer subtitles. What else do they have? What else do you guys see on here? That what does this book, this book, this book, the four or five and six have in common now? And,
and I'm going to, let's look at Jean's book cover.

And I'm doing this because I had to do the same thing
for one of my book covers. Um, exactly. Nick said people, right. And so if you look at,
you know, you look at this cover, right. And again, this is coming from, you know, my, my book.

Uh, I, I, like I said, I'm, I had the same exact conversation. So this isn't a knock against Jean,
uh, the cover that Jean had designed per se. This is just this realization that, right. I said to my team,
make it look like the style of a, um, of a, a bestselling book, you know, look and see what are
the commonalities. So we know one of the commonalities are people on the, the cover,
somebody looking directly at you, right.

Five of the top six covers in nonfiction have that. We also know that they've got, you know, that they've got, um, you know, uh, short, um, short
titles. We also know that typically not in, in all of them, but you can really see the,
you know, the name of the book pop, um, at least right. So in number six, in number four,
um, certainly in number three, um, in number one, uh, you know, you could say over here that for
Michelle Obama, you know, the, the title and her name are just as big over here, you know,
certainly Trevor Noah is, um, his name is, um, is big, I would say, right. And we could probably
continue to look at this, that where the, where the author is maybe a well-known celebrity,
they make their name maybe bigger because it's a selling point of the, um, of the book.

But for
somebody who's not a celebrity, like let's say Michelle Obama, or in this case, Trevor Noah,
they make the name smaller because the name isn't a, um, isn't a selling feature. And so you just want
to be aware of that. The thing that you, you know, you don't want the name to be the big, um,
you know, to be this big, unless it holds weight, unless it means something to the, um, to the
marketplace. It's very much like, you know, we've ran several tests of, um, of web pages that like,
let's say the opt-in page that we just looked at, let's say, you know, from Nick, and this isn't a
perfect example, cause it's more of kind of a homepage over here, but imagine that this was just
an opt-in page and it didn't have the, um, the header navigation or anything like that. We've tested
having a logo against not having, um, a logo.

And, um, and what we see repeatedly is the logo is
effective when you're dealing with internal traffic and the logo isn't effective, or it doesn't,
it doesn't add anything. It doesn't bump anything. In fact, it can be a distraction,
especially on mobile. If you're seeing, right, that's the first thing that, you know,
that's the first thing that you see, um, over there, um, when going to cold traffic. And that's
because there's no recognition, right?

It's meaningless to, to cold traffic. And so the point
that I'm, I'm, I'm making is that, uh, is gene is I would have the, I would tell them to design,
uh, a cover like this. And ironically, let me just see something here. Yes. It's being recorded.

Let me see something here. So this was, you could see one of the covers that they had done that we're going to test. You could see it's redesigned after I sent them this, um, this, and it looks like they probably
did something similar to this right here. How funny is that? You see, that's, you don't have
to reinvent the wheel, right?

This cover, this cover, very, very similar in style. And so important that you use that or kind of just recognize that there are a lot of things
that you don't have to reinvent the, um, the wheel. The next thing that I would say before we get
to the, cause I, I looked at this actually earlier. Um, yeah, it is kind of cool. Thank you guys.

Um, what was I going to say? Uh, I looked at this earlier, um, gene. Um, so, but the interesting thing,
right, just, if we weren't going to change, if we're going to leave the title the way it is,
and like, look, I, you know, I have long titles. I think, you know, for the big idea book,
it's how to find your big marketing, uh, idea. It's not the shortest title within a, um,
a, uh, a longer, you know, subtitle.

But in this case, with what you've got going on here,
um, what I would tell you is that if you look at this, let's look at this right here,
and then let's look at this right here and say that this is a, and this is B really, if anything,
B would be the main focus and a would be the subtitle, right? Rather than the other way around,
because this is really just a, a feature. Like nobody cares about digital marketing,
um, for digital course creators, not even digital course creators, what they want to do,
right? They ultimately don't want to learn marketing, right? They want to sell their product,
right?

That's what they really want to do. And so, um, and so I would really flip, you know,
flip these two. The other thing that I would do, um, is I would tweak this title, this, excuse me,
the subtitle a little bit, which again, I would make the focus. Um, if, if we were just going to leave
it and we weren't going to change anything, I'd make this the focus, but really I would tweak this. So it says sell and market your digital course in just 60 days using digital marketing strategies.

Right. Um, and so, uh, because the, the, right, the, the key that the power is right. Sell and
market your digital course in just 60 days or in under 60 days and less than 60 days in the next 60
days, right. Using digital marketing strategies. Um, the last thing that I would say, um, about this
is here is, you know, like, like, you know, Eugene want to continue to, and, and I'm excited to
continue to, to help you with this.

And let me just take a drink real quick. You know, this carries over to your, to your, um, the current version of the, of the messaging
is that you got, you, you, you, you've, I want you to continue to get clarity on what
is the framework that you are using and teaching to digital course creators, right? Because you're
not just teaching generic digital marketing strategies, right? Because then you're competing
with YouTube. Then you're competing with every book on digital marketing on, on Amazon.

You're
competing with every blog post, right? And you're competing with anybody and everybody that is
selling, uh, you know, digital, uh, marketing, um, stuff. And so what you want to do is you want to
make sure that you are teaching your, your, your framework that you're presenting your framework. Now in here, right in here, really what you can do is you can do one of two things. You either
name your framework, right?

So it becomes sell and market your digital course, um, in just 60 days
using, um, using the beginner friendly X, Y, Z, you know, um, framework, right? Um, because even
in that context, saying the beginner friendly X, Y, Z framework, it, it tells just as much as using
digital marketing strategies, meaning that saying using digital marketing strategies doesn't tell them
anything. There's nothing, right. It's still a mystery, right? Except it's a mystery.

It's,
it's a mystery of what you're teaching, but they do know that it is, um, that it is generic,
right? And so, um, so, um, there's nothing wrong with using your unique mechanism or what you can do
is you can pick a phrase or, um, or, or word or words that, uh, describe what your unique mechanism
does meaning like, let's say your unique mechanism. We call it whatever the X, Y, Z framework. This is the process that you use, the steps that you use, you've put together this process that you
use for brands, for companies, you know, for, for digital course creators that, um,
that, uh, you know, that, you know, and you, it's your own, it's your own approach. It's your own
series of steps, right?

And so you've named it and that's what you teach. That's what you use. That's
what you share with others. Um, uh, um, what was I going to say? Well, maybe let's just say, for example,
it is maybe it is, um, it is organic only, right?

Maybe it is, maybe it's just, it's organic only,
right? Meaning it's just free strategies, right? Um, well, what can we say about that? Like,
right. We don't want to just say using, using just free strategies.

Why? Because saying it like that
makes it turns it from something unique into a commodity, but maybe there is another way to
describe it besides just free. Maybe it is, you know, um, you know, uh, whatever, you know, free
strategies that work in under five minutes, uh, and you know, and you know, can be done in the next
five minutes, regardless of your tax guilt, right? Like, so you're elaborating a little bit on what it
is that, uh, your framework is built on, but the key here is twofold. And this is what I
I just want to, I want to get this across.

The key here is twofold. And that is this,
that you want to focus on the payoff, not the, not what this is about, but the payoff of this,
right? So this is about digital marketing for digital course creators, but you want to focus
and you'll see how this carries over to your message. You want to focus on that. Like this
is all about, this is so that you can sell and market your digital course in just 60 days using
blah, blah, blah.

And the, the, the blah, blah, blah is your unique methodology or an articulation
of your unique methodology, right? So you want to focus on the payoff. And the second thing is that
you want to, you don't want to, you don't want to offer a commodity. You don't want to offer like
digital marketing is a commodity. If that's what you are offering, if people said, what are you
teaching?

And you say, I'm teaching digital marketing. Well, man, I have a ton of options out in
front of me, right? But if you're teaching, right, the LMNOP framework, which allows you to get
started in the next five minutes, driving traffic, driving buyers, selling more of your products,
regardless of your tech, regardless of, of what experience you have, you have without needing a
website. Well, now you've got something that is different. You've got a reason for me to pay
attention to you versus just going to YouTube and searching digital marketing.

And so that's what it
is that we're trying to prevent. And so, excuse me. So with that being said, so let's take a look at
this, how to sell and market your digital course in just 68. Let's, I'm going to, I'm going to read
through the beginning of this and then, you know, we'll go through the lead, the most important part,
and then I'll go back and we'll, we'll tweak it a little bit. So new revealing book explains how to
sell and market your digital course in just 60 days and bring in new paying customers for your
business.

Get your copy now, just $7. Finally, the hidden digital marketing formula used by hundreds
of seven figure digital course creators is accessible to digital course creators, just like you. You want to
explode your digital course business and you want to finally build a business in which you get more time,
freedom, and money, whether it's freedom to travel or freedom to not be tied to a nine to five job or
freedom to stay home and be with the kids. And you want to share your message with the world. You're
looking to serve your audience in a unique, powerful, and more effective way than the current offerings out
there in your marketplace.

Have you already created your course and is it bringing in the business
revenue that you want or is it collecting digital dust and hasn't seen the light of day? Or maybe you've
launched your digital course, but didn't get the results you wanted. With my new book, Digital
Marketing for Digital Course Creators, you'll get all the strategies and tools you need to create the
digital course business you've always wanted. Get your copy now. With this predictable and scalable
system, your customers will be knocking on your door to get your digital course in their hands and
paying you handsomely to buy your course.

Finally, implement the strategies and tactics to bring in new
engaged users who get to know, like, and trust you, and then are more likely to convert into paying
customers. This book gives you the method to engage with your audience and drive more sales. And it's a proven and repeatable system used by thousands of my digital course private clients
who have grown their businesses from surviving to seven figures. There are lots of gurus out there
pushing the message of how to create your digital course, but do they actually help you sell it and
market it? My book, Digital Marketing for Course Creators, does just that.

It offers you the proven
system to engage with your audiences, nurture them with content, and when it's time to buy,
it's the next logical step to further engage with you. You'll get more video views, social media
engagement, clicks on your ads and sales in the back. This is the digital marketing blueprint
specifically designed for digital course creators. Don't go another day having your digital course
collecting digital dust. Finally, get the sales you've dreamed of and start living the freedom
in life you've imagined.

I'm so confident this book will bring you new designers, full days. Okay. So let's see. Okay. So first let me say this, and I've said this before to, um, to all of you
that, um, that, uh, that anytime you have done copy, like anytime you have a done asset, I would test it,
right?

Like I'm a big believer in like, I might, I might think I don't, you know, this goes for
everybody, right? I might think, you know, this isn't going to work. I don't, you know, I, it could,
it's, it needs a lot more refinement and it needs a lot more improvement, blah, blah, blah. Right. And
so I might believe that wholeheartedly, uh, but I'm still going to test it.

I'm still going to test
it because my beliefs have been wrong before, right? I believed something wasn't going to work
and it did work. I believe something was going to work and it didn't work. That's the nature of the
beast. That's okay.

Right. That's just part of what it is that we, um, we do. And so I would test it. So even though I, I, I feel like there are some things that we can improve, which I'm going to
point out in a minute, this is something that I would still roll out and test when in doubt
always see, because we, you have, we have no idea. We, me, you, us have no idea, um, the impact that
a change can have unless we're testing it.

And so it's why I say, right. And, uh, and I actually
shared this yesterday, as a matter of fact, in, um, an email that I sent out, it's why,
right. It's why we engineer, we engineer, we launch, you know, we, we really, we, uh, evaluate,
right. And then we optimize or we enhance, right. So it's kind of like, you know, we could say it like
this, this is part of, you know, this is, whoops, E five, right.

Part of the first three,
you know, uh, excuse me, the, the second, third, and fourth, we engineer, we evaluate,
and then we enhance. In essence, what we're doing over here is right. We're launching and
we're getting feedback. We're getting data, right. We're getting data over here.

And then
over here, we are optimizing. This is where we are improving. We're, we're, we're tweaking,
we're changing, right. But we don't tweak, we don't tweak. We don't change without data
because tweaking and changing without data, tweaking and changing, um, before you've got
data is you throwing a dart at the, at the wall, right?

Like, how do you know how you have no idea
the impact, right? There's nothing to base the, the, you know, you you're basing every improvement,
every tweak, every edit on what you think will work rather than on what the data is telling you. There's no room in this business for assumptions, guesses, um, or opinions. It's the data that removes
all that. And so we want to engineer, right, engineer, and then launch it.

So in this case,
it is taking Jean's copy, right. And getting it out there and getting some data. And then we can
run a simple split test against another version and see which one, um, which one out pulls, uh,
the other one. And so with that, right, I just wanted to make sure that you knew that I would,
I would run with this, um, a couple of tweaks that, um, that I would make. So, um, so over here,
right.

It's really rather than how to sell and market your digital course in just 60 days,
it's really, right. How to market and sell market should come first and sell your, sell your digital
course, um, uh, in, in 60 days. And I would probably, if you're trying to say Jean, that this is right. Uh, um, how to have your own digital course, um, uh, um, that's selling the new customers. Like if,
if what you're trying to say is right, this is how to have your own digital course that's selling,
you know, that, that new customers are buying every single day in as little as the next 60 days,
if that's what you're trying to say, then that's, that's what I would say.

Right. So like, you know,
and, and that is really the outcome, right. That people want that's remember, you know, both Jean now
and, and everybody else, right. That you want to focus on the, you want to focus on what is it that
they want? What is it that the end user wants?

And so you have to be careful that you are not
focusing on the vehicle to get them what they want. Meaning like, you know, meaning like in this case,
you know, they don't want, and this is the reality. Like, let me say this, and this is important. This is important for all of you guys. And I know like, look, well, I'm going to wrap up in the
next 10 minutes tops.

I promise you, but this is important for, for, for all of you. So look,
you know, you have to make sure that you recognize that you're not the customer. You're not the buyer,
right? Like in most cases, you are not the buyer. And so you've got to recognize like that,
like, for example, everybody on here, everybody on here is a fan of marketing.

We, we are students
of marketing. We like talking about marketing. We like learning about marketing. We like reading
about marketing, right? We like, we were willing to sit in on seminars about, about marketing and
courses and watch videos on it.

The certainly the average person is zero interest in, in that topic,
but even the majority of entrepreneurs don't want to learn about marketing. They don't want to learn
about marketing. They just want the benefits of marketing. They want the result of marketing. They want, right?

They, they want the impact of marketing. And so the thing that, right,
the thing that they, they don't, they don't like, they don't, they don't care about marketing. They
want the result of marketing. And so by promising them that you'll have good marketing, you're still
one step removed from what it is that they are really interested in, right? You are one step removed
from where they are.

And so over here, right? Like how to market your digital course in just 60 days. Um, and bring in, um, new paying customers for your, you know, for your business, really it's the
second part, right? That like, that they're most excited about. And, and so that's what you want
to focus on, right?

It's how to, you know, how to start selling your own digital course to new
customers every day in as little as the next 60 days. Like that's ultimately what you are, what you
are talking about. Right. And so to really kind of distress this, it's not about like, you know,
and, and, and certainly Jean did a much better job than what I'm about to the example that I'm
about to give. But like, if we said how to have, how to, how to launch your own marketing campaign
for your digital course in the next 60 days, right?

Like that's terrible. Who cares to us? That might
sound cool and neat and exciting and right. But who cares? The digital course provider doesn't care
about that because what they care about is the benefit of that.

And so it's, it's, it's a, it's an
important point, um, for you guys to grasp. And the thing that I would tell you is you always just
want to say it like, if we could boil down, what is it that they want to its essence, to
its core? What is the simplest way that we could say that to them, the thing that they
want? Like, what's the one sentence that we could say to them, right? If we were face
to face with them in a bar that would make them be like, yes, that's what I want.

What
is that? Write that down and start with that, um, as your headline. And my goal is to get
as close to that, um, as I possibly, um, as I possibly can. One other thing just with
this, um, is so two, two quickies over here. So number one, and I don't know, right?

I'm
not, you know, you guys know your markets better than I do, but depending on who you are talking
to, right? And really, Gene, what I would suggest for you is that, is that you really narrow
down who your audience is. What I mean by that is, is it somebody that does have a digital
course? Is it somebody that is interested in starting, right? In creating their own digital
course only because it's a different individual.

Just like when I talk to somebody like that,
they're, they want to grow their business or are they looking to start a business? Because
two different emotions, right? People that are just looking to start their business,
right? They haven't had the same frustrations and disappointments that somebody who's been
in business for a while and has struggled, um, has had. And so it's different.

It's a different
emotion that they're bringing into the person who wants to start their business is a lot more hopeful
than let's say the person who's been in business, um, you know, for a period of time and is not
getting the results that they, that they want. The other thing is that some digital course
creators, uh, are not interested in having a business. Like they're not the, the idea of a
business isn't what it is that they're looking for. They just want to sell a digital course to them
selling a digital course, whether it be on something like, you know, Udemy, whatever it's
called Udemy, uh, or other platforms, right? Like that's not a business.

That's just an income
stream. It's an income opportunity. They're not looking to have a business. And so you just want
to be careful that you're not using the wrong, um, uh, uh, the wrong word, right? Because maybe
it's, you know, um, maybe it's over here, like depending on who you were talking to, it's right.

Start earning income every day from new paying customers, right? Like maybe that might be what
it is that they, that they want rather than, you know, bringing new customers into your business. This might seem like a subtle shift, like a subtle, uh, nuance, but it's not right. Bringing
in new paying customers to your business is very different than generating new sales every day from
buyers, right? Like one new, new paying, the, the use of new customers, right?

Um, it, it, it,
right. It kind of conveys that you've got old customers, right? That you've got a customer base,
um, and customers kind of that there's care for them. That's part of a tribe. That's,
that's part of a business, right?

That's a different business. And customers are very
different from just generating sales online or, you know, uh, uh, growing an income online. Also, uh, in line with that somewhere in here, there was, um, you mentioned right here, um,
scalable system. So this word scalable, you just want to be careful with that, right? Because not
everybody knows what scalable means depending on who you're talking to, right?

Like this is,
you know, it's, you might want to say, right, this is right. It, it, it, um, it, it's reliable,
right? It brings you sales, um, every day and it has the ability to bring you more and more sales
over time, right? That's another way to say scalable without saying, without using the word
scalable. So you, you just want to be careful that, oh, and this goes for everybody.

You just want to be
careful that you're not using any kind of advanced vocabulary that we look at as, oh, that's totally
normal. I use that word every day, like blah, blah, blah. But to the market, it, it, um, it might
not be. So that's that. The other thing that I was going to say over here, before I give you just a
couple of quickies, um, on this, cause like I said, I would test this is see the, the, the, the, um,
um, um, this word revealing.

Um, so that is one of the words that in this context, right? It's really
a fluff word. It's really a filler word, right? Because every book should be revealing, right? Like, um, you know, like, it's kind of like saying this new information filled book, like we shouldn't
have to say that, right?

And so only, and this is a rule of thumb that I want you guys to, um, to live
by only add an adjective or an adverb for that matter, but an adjective, right? A word describing
a noun. If it would have a different meaning, if that word was removed and only if it adds more
dimension, like meaning like if we said, you know, the man, um, walk down the street, right? Um, the
hairy man walked down the street. Well, that's a different picture, right?

Adding hairy as an
adjective to man, right? That's a different picture. That's a different image that conveys something
different. Um, uh, you know what I'm saying? And so, um, if you used, uh, something like, um,
um, uh, uh, I don't know, you, you could come up, you, uh, hopefully you understand what I mean.

You just don't want to add, you don't want to, you don't want to use an adjective because it just
creates bloat and fluff in the copy, right? And then it comes across as, as advertising. Um,
um, uh, and so hopefully that, uh, that makes sense there with that. Uh, let me see. Um, and so
carrying that over, right?

So over here, the hidden digital marketing formula. So I don't,
you know, so Jean, is it really hidden, right? Like meaning I just want to make sure, and this
goes for everybody. Cause this is one of those things that I see, um, all the time that I, I want
to make sure that like, when you use a word, don't use it because it sounds cool or because it adds just
a level of mystery. Like it, if it's not believable, like, why is it hidden?

What do you
mean it's hidden? Right. If, if that word is not part of the, like, if that's not part of the
narrative and it's not explained, like, it's not, it's not like, like, look, it's been hidden up to
this point because it's been so lucrative. And like, if there's not an explanation to it, then
you just want to be, um, be, um, be careful with that. Now, uh, uh, the, um, now if you wanted to
say something like the foundational digital marketing formula used by hundreds of, uh, of,
you know, like where you're changing the word, but I would even question in that context, whether
the use of the word foundational would change the meaning, right?

The foundational digital marketing
formula used by hundreds, uh, or just the digital marketing formula used by hundreds. Um, like it
doesn't really change it. I just want to make sure that you're not, you don't have words in there. Like you want to be careful, the hidden digital marketing formula, you want to explode your
digital. You want to be careful that you're not using words that are copy words.

You want to use
words like, look, the, like, you, you know, the reality is this, we could say to them, you want to
explode your digital course business. Um, but likely what would resonate more with them is if we said
something like, um, you know, you'd love, you'd love to be making money every day from the sale from
sales of your own digital course, right? Like that's, yeah, they're going to say, yeah, right. That doesn't feel like sales. It doesn't feel like copy.

It doesn't feel like hype. It reads like,
yes, that, and that's ultimately what we're, what you're trying to do here, right? Like you're trying
to get them to say, yes, yes, I do want this. Yeah. Right.

See how this is like, look, you want to
build a business, um, in which you get more time, you get more freedom, you get more money. Yes. Like have the same feel you want to, you, right. You want to, you want to see sales. You want to,
you want to have sales coming in every day.

You'd love to have sales coming in every day from the,
you know, from, uh, from folks, happy folks buying your digital course. And you want to finally build
a business around your information, around your expertise that gets you more time and more freedom
and more money, whether it's freedom to travel or freedom to not to be simply not to
be tied to a nine to five or freedom to stay home, be with the kids or do whatever it is that you
want. And likely as a digital course creator, you want to share your message with the, with the world
you're looking at, right. So that's hopefully that, that makes sense. Um, Jean, but I would take it as
is before you make any of the changes that the little tweaks that I suggested and test it, get it out
there and start testing it.

Cause, um, I like it. It's written, you know, it's, it, it's got a, a flow to
it. Um, and so I would get it out there and, um, and test it. And so hopefully that, um, that helps. And so let me see here.

And so, okay. So Michael,
Michael, okay. So I'm not sure what this is. Users work desktop. Oh, you try to paste a screenshot
in here, Michael.

And you can't do that. You got to send me, um, a link. Um, using elements from
website to create the marketing argument and funnel. Um, do you have a microphone, Michael? If you don't have a microphone, um, on right now you do.

Okay. So I'm going to open up your line and
simply tell me, um, you can fire away if you want. We'll do it right now. So hang on. Let me just plug
in my.

Okay. One second, Michael. Unmute Michael. You're unmuted, buddy. Okay.

Can you hear me? I can. All right. Great. Well, thank you very much.

Yeah. I keep sending the submissions to Damien
because of the link that I get. I'll make sure that that gets changed for you. Yeah. Thanks.

Uh,
so, you know, I've been working on the marketing argument and trying to create a funnel. And I
thought a lot of the pieces on the website could be something that could be used, but it's hard for
me to figure out because it's a charity and not a commercial venture. What might be a big idea? What will resonate with people? Yeah.

So can you pop the URL right into the go to webinar thing and I'll
pull it up. There it is. Okay. Cool. Let me pull that bad boy up.

Oh, right. Okay. Okay. Okay. And so just explain the charity again.

Yeah. We help Russian children with rare diseases get
American medical care. So we bring them over from Russia to the United States and then they get
treated here. We also send medical teams to Russia to do heart surgery so that they could train the
doctors in their own country, how to do the advanced techniques, but it's stuff they don't have in Russia
that they're not able to do. Like this child that you were just looking at, he, uh, they recreate the
ear and the ear canal and child can hear.

And again, these are very rare diseases that, that, that aren't just
not handled in that country. Yeah. So let me ask you, so this is, um, so let me ask you a couple of questions
right in here, you know, like, I'm going to ask you some brutal questions or what are going to sound brutal, but
let's, this is for the purpose of kind of getting to the heart of it so that we can do some good work here. Um, and so
why, why, why, why should somebody invest in, um, in Russian children, let's say, instead of children
in the United States? Yeah, that's really the key question.

I mean, typically, you know, the audience
that we go for are people who are either Russian American or have some connection to, to Russia. Uh, that's
why we came up with that line. Children shouldn't have to die because of where they are born to try to go
out to people outside of the Russian community. Uh, yeah, it's a good question. I looked back,
you know, in 1921, when there was, uh, the communists took over the, the Brits, you know,
they were at war with Russia.

They, they were helping to save enemy children because there was
starvation going on. Uh, I mean, these children will die. And if you don't care that children will die
because they're Russian children, then, you know, what can I say? Yeah. Yeah.

And so let me,
you know, I've asked that question myself. Say that again. I'm sorry. I've asked that same question
myself. Why help Russian?

You know, it's like, they're an endangered species. That's what we tried
to get at over there. They have no one to turn to for help. Yeah. And so, well, there, there is
something my, my gut tells me, Michael, that, um, that my gut tells me that we're really going to
need to dig a bit to really get to like, uh, to really get to the heart of why I hate to say it
this way, but why somebody outside of Russia should care.

I mean, we should, that sounds terrible. Uh,
but why they should really give to, right. Cause I'm sure, you know, they care, but people have a
lot of choices of where to give their money. And so I think we're going to have to dig a little,
but I, I would say this, that I think that what you just said is there's is worth noting that,
right. That, you know, maybe, you know, look, not unlike, unlike children with rare diseases in the
United States and, uh, and many other countries, these children in Russia without intervention
and help will likely die.

Right. Um, and so, uh, you know, so the, that's something, you know,
certainly worth kind of, uh, noting and, and thinking about, but I, I would tell you that there,
that's where I, that's where I would invest the most of my time is thinking through why should
somebody write like why? And, and that's where you've got to dig. Like, why should somebody donate
to this charity instead of so many of the charities for kids with rare diseases in the, in the United
States? Now, if you were, if you were going primarily to, um, to Russian, you know, folks that
are in some way connected to Russia, whether it be their ancestry, um, which I would almost wonder
how I would almost, I would, I would wonder if there is, uh, how, how do you guys, have you
explored how to target people of Russian origin or some ties to Russia?

Yes. To some extent. I mean, we, we work with a major Russian charity in Russia and they provide
the bulk of the funding. Yeah. They raise funds there.

They send the money to the U S, but then I
would, I would wonder if there's a way to, to, to tie in with a, with an ancestry.com, you know,
with a 23 and me with some of these kind of, uh, you know, the, the, the, the ancestral,
you know, websites and see if there's a way to advertise for people based on, you know,
what comes back. But I share that only because I would likely have two different messages or
messaging one for, uh, you know, for folks with Russian origin and one for non, uh, you
know, Russian folks, because the folks with Russian origin or some tie to Russia, it would
be a lot more about, uh, like it would be a lot more Russia focused tying in with the
homeland and using phraseology, like, you know, your people or, uh, you know, um, kind of really
just moving in that, in that direction, kind of, kind of like the way, you know, uh, the way
it's done with other countries and other demographic, like, like, like, um, you know,
the Jewish nation and Israel that's, so I would have one message for Russian folks of Russian
origin. And then the main messaging, that's where I just think that, man, you gotta, you're
going to have to dig a bit because I have other questions besides just like, why should
somebody, you know, like, but that's at the heart of it. Why should somebody give to this
charity, these kids instead of another charity? Right.

And, and you have to have an answer
for that. One, one thing, if you scroll down a little bit further, you see where actually the money
goes. It goes to American hospitals, goes to Ronald McDonald house, you know, but then
the question becomes, well, why not just send it directly there? Why go through us, you know? And what is the answer to that?

Well, cause we're helping the Russian kids. We're back to the Russian kid thing. Okay. Um, and so besides just to kind of help you along a little bit here. So besides the
fact that if they, if they don't get, if there isn't some intervention, right.

And right now
the only intervention or the only significant intervention is from outside the country. Um,
these children will unfortunately likely die. Is there any other reason off the top of your head
why people should give to this charity and not another? Let's assume that somebody has got,
you know, a thousand dollars to give and they, they're going to choose between one charity and
another. Why this one?

Well, this is the interesting thing because, you know, for them, I was saying,
well, you're donating to American, uh, hospitals that are improving their ability to help everybody
with that disease. It's almost like, you know, the Russians actually will argue and say, you know,
you're sending kids to the United States for the Americans to experiment on them. But there's something to that. The bigger volume you have here, the more they treat. Some of the American doctors don't see these kinds of heart defects because they're treated so early
in life here.

But over there, there's a kid who was 10 years old. They didn't know why he's still
alive with this disease. But, you know, that doesn't really tie into, you know, the, um,
the donor's motivation, if you will, which is feeling special, uh, feeling important, being
recognized, having a positive feeling in a world of, you know, normally bad news. That's the other
thing is that with Russia, you know, everything you hear about Russia is all negative. It's Russian
collusion.

It's, uh, so even marketing to the ethnic group is difficult because they think,
oh, if anything's going over to Russia, it's just going to get stolen. It's corrupt. And that's why we have a guarantee that says we only spend the money in the United States. And so by spending the money in the United States, how does that, how does, so you spend
the money in the United States through, let's say, you know, through us hospitals and whatnot,
and that impacts Russian children because the children are being brought here for treatment. Right.

Okay. And, um, got it. Um, Hmm. Okay. Yeah, it's a tough one.

I've been working on this for a while. Yeah. I got to let it marinate a little bit. Um, I, yeah, I definitely have to let it marinate
a little bit. I think just off the top of what I would, what I would say, but even in addition
to the messaging that I got to let it marinate a little bit, because I do think that there's,
you know, you, you have to be able to answer that question.

Like, and, and let me say this
for everybody. This is right. Like, this is one of those things, like, you know, it's,
it's almost like, um, you know, it's, and I'm not saying that it, it, it, it applies in this case,
but there are times when I'll ask an entrepreneur, you know, why does your business exist? Like,
why is it there? Why should somebody choose your pizzeria compared to the other seven pizzerias
within a six mile radius, you know, around yours?

And they'll say, I don't know. And my answer is
always, well, until you do know, it's going to be very difficult to create any kind of effective
marketing. You have to have an answer for that. Sometimes when they, they can't come up with an
answer, the reality is there was no reason why they started that pizzeria or that business. They are
one of many.

And when you're one of many, yeah, you are going to have a difficult time creating
a marketing message. If you are the same, it's again, it's that, you know, like if you are the
same as everybody else, then, um, it is going to be difficult to create a message of differentiation
as well. Other times, like what I believe in this case for you, Michael, it really is a matter of
digging of thinking of maybe, for example, you know, like you said that by giving here,
um, it equips us hospitals to better treat these conditions that these kids have in, in Russia and
treating the kids in Russia, you know, it's, it's a, it's a beneficial by-product, but you're also
helping to equip hospitals to write. And maybe there's something there. Maybe there are no other
charities that are doing that.

Maybe there are no other charities that are helping American hospitals
to become equipped to deal with these rare conditions. Maybe, right, because there's so much,
uh, there's so many other charities for quote unquote, well-known conditions, cancer and, and,
and, and things like that, that these rare conditions go, um, with a lack of attention and
therefore lack of improvements and kids are still dying, right? This is one of those things where I
believe you're just going to have to continue to dig and dig and continue to flesh out, uh, you know,
like why give to this instead of, um, another one at the same time, there are a couple of things that
I, I, I would also look at regardless of what the messaging becomes. Number one, I would look to see
if there is anybody of credibility that you could get and, or celebrity that, uh, is in
any way tied to Russia that you could get, uh, on here, right? Any additional way to lend your
charity more, um, more credibility, because one of the big fears that people have in general with
charities is scams.

It, right. Is how, you know, uh, you know, 10 cents on my dollar is going towards
the charity. Everything else is going in their pocket, right? So the more credibility that you can
give to the charity, to the foundation, uh, the better it is. And so certainly people, you know,
I would look for somebody that is credible, right?

So there was somewhere a doctor, you know, like
about us. Uh, yeah, but you, you have to have like, I just show you the examples there. Maybe we could
pull one out from there. From where? From one of these about us, the menu there up, up on top about us.

There's a board of directors, medical advisors. So here we got Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer
Center, California Ear Institute. Yeah. So it might, so for this, yeah. So are these like Sloan Kettering
Cancer Center, um, let's take that, uh, for one second.

Uh, okay. So let's just take this for one
second and let's just go back here. So yeah, we might just have to reorganize some of this because
that, that should be front and center. You know what I mean? Like you need these, like, again,
if there was, is there any celebrity that has some Russian, you know, connection, uh, family, um,
you know, from, um, from like what I would begin to do in addition to the, the big work is going to
be you digging out.

Why should somebody, why should somebody give to, to this charity verse the others,
like we already talked about, but I would also begin to put together a list of the concerns,
um, the issues, these, the objections that people have with charities in general. Um,
and I would begin to look at how are you addressing that? And so there's a credibility,
right. Thing there is, you know, like the financials usually like, like, look, let's say,
let's say hypothetically, you know, you gave, you know, a hundred percent of every dollar,
let's just say to keep things real simple, right? Well, because that is a main concern that people
have with charities that should be front and center, right?

It's, it's kind of like, you know,
when in, in typical, typical marketing, when you have a great offer, when you are going with a soft
offer, for example, right? I tell my team this all the time when you're going with a soft offer,
meaning pay nothing today, take the product, enjoy it. Only if you love it, will you pay in 30 days,
blah, blah, blah. That should be front and center. That should be front and front and center.

And so
you want to make sure that we've got, like, if it's Sloan Kettering, any of the logos that we can
use to add credibility, where it's like endorsed by the chief medical doctor from Sloan Kettering,
right? If it is, you know, children shouldn't have to die because of where they're born,
help save children with rare diseases before it's too late, right? 100% of every dollar goes
to get, get these kids healthy, right? Like you want to lead with, um, and so I'd be listing out
the objections, um, and how we're going to overcome them, all the concerns. Another one
that I would have is that you've got the word Russian in the name, Russian American Children's
Foundation.

So you want to make sure that they know, right? That this is a, right? Like this
is a U S based, um, charity, that this is not a note and zero ties to, you know, the Russian
government. Um, it's not political like, right. You want to take all of those things that are top
of the mind for people.

And that's what you, you need to cover upfront in addition to, you know,
here's how you can change their lives. And here's why, here's why this charity. And I would probably
have, I would, you know, we won't get, we don't have time to get into design right now,
but I would probably have different sections of the page. And a lot of those different sections
would be addressing their concerns. Like why give to this charity, right?

That would be one section. And my argument for why this one, like, right, like that these kids fact is that there are a lot
of sick children in a, like I would, I would, I would jump into the conversation in their head that a
lot, there are a lot of sick kids, you know, um, in, you know, in, in the world, there are
also a lot of charities that are working to save a lot of these kids. Here's why this is different. And here's why we need your help because right, because these Russian children without intervention
from the United States or from an outside country, right? These kids in Russia will not get the
treatment and will die right now.

We are one of only three or whatever the number is organizations,
charitable organizations that are bringing kids out of Russia to the United States to help them,
right? With, you know, to help cure them or whatever, help treat their like, right. And I would,
I would, I would lay that out. Another section that I would have, right. Is, um, is like how your money
is spent, right?

Like how your donations are used. And I would, does that make sense? Yeah, I have some of this. If you go down a little bit further, uh,
keep going. We've got the seal here from guide stars.

That's for credibility. We get the spending guarantee
and then the recipients. Yeah. So it's never going to be transferred to Russia or any individual in Russia. And here's all the
places that the money goes.

Yeah. I think some of that could just be layout on the, on the page. Like I said, I think the big
thing for you to work on is really, um, is that argument. Like, what is that? If somebody said to
you, somebody says to you at a, at a cocktail party or whatever, why should I give here?

Like,
what's the, what's the argument? Not just, what's the answer? Like, because these kids are going to
die, but what's the, what's the argument for why? Like, yeah, you know, you could certainly give to
these other charities, but here's why these kids need your help. Here's like, what's that argument?

And that's what I would really focus on. You know, and try to tie that into the existing desire of the person. Cause for example,
that one of the girls that came for ear surgeries, imagine she's born without an ear. She's got no
ear canal, no ear. She can't hear anything on the right side of her head.

Uh, she has ear surgery. They do one operation. They create an ear out of skin from different parts of her body and they put
an implant. And then another doctor creates an ear canal and she can hear. And when she came home to
Russia, she was in her bathroom running the water.

And her mother says, what are you doing? I said,
well, I never heard it before. Wow. That's the impact, you know, and that's what I think they're
looking for. The, the donors, they don't really are, but they're without the question.

They are,
but like I said, and that's why I said, this is a, you know, it's a brutal conversation because,
you know, but why not kids in the United States? Right. Like why not? Or why not? You know,
like, are there other, you know, like, and it's a combination of things because it's,
why not other kids in the United States?

Or maybe I can give to these companies that give free hearing
aids or right. Like my dollar, like I can have a bigger impact if I go, let's say, um, let's say
this route then. And there's also this, it's not just, it's not only that feeling of, um,
um, of, you know, of, of, of, of adding value to somebody's life of helping, you know, truly helping,
um, a child. There's also, when it comes to, um, charities, there's a huge trust factor at play,
right? In a lot of ways, it reminds me of, if I have the choice of ordering a product from a company
online or Amazon, I almost always go with Amazon, even if Amazon is a little bit more expensive
because I trust Amazon.

Right. And so it's, you know, it's why most people would tend to go with
the bigger named, right? So you have to, that's why I said you have to go excessive with credibility,
trust, where the money is going, who's endorsing you, right? You have to have an excessive amount
of endorsements like, and I, I would look, you know, like there are, there are companies out there
that can get you a, you know, a celebrity for bupkis for pennies on the dollar. Um, that,
you know, and I would look like all of those things together help, but at the root, you've got to
really, you've got to really think through what is that argument?

If, if there was a gun to your head
and you had to give an argument for somebody that would say, you know, why this charity, this is the
answer that you would give. That's what you need to work on. Everything else I think is, is fairly
they have no one, no one else to turn to. You're, you're their last hope. Yeah.

The government's
not helping them. Is that the, that is the case that, that nobody else is, I would do this. I would,
I would, and, and submit this for the next call, right? And let's, let's look at it. Write out a
paragraph of what you would say, write it out like, and, and treat it.

Like I just said, like we have
this thing in, uh, you know, in, in our company at MFA gun to the head mentality. If there was a gun
to my head and I had to deliver the perfect message, what would I say? Right. And you, you may have to
dig up some statistics, maybe not, but you might have to dig up some statistics, um, you know, uh, to
show, to, to back up, like to make it more tangible, right? Like eight out of every 10 child with a rare
condition in Russia dies.

That's more than triple any other country. It's more than triple the
United States. These kids, you know, like we're losing five kids every hour on the hour with
something that can be very easily treated with just a few dollars from, right. From donors,
from caring donors like you, right? Like that's the kind of stuff that we need.

Does that make sense? It does. I mean, it also depends who you're talking to. Like you said, whether it's someone
who has an affinity for Russian children or doesn't care, you know, they just, that's why I would
have, like I said, I would have two different messages. Me, if you can, me, I would start with
a campaign for, um, for folks with some sort of Russian origin, just because I believe that it's,
it is, it's a much easier, it's much easier, right?

Because there's an extra emotional tie. And then I would go more, you know, more mainstream, uh, you know, depending on the numbers of people
that you can access that have Russian, uh, connection, uh, you know, Russian attachment,
Russian origin, you might have a very huge opportunity and like, you might, you might not
have to go outside of that for a while in order to fund the charity, but it all depends on the size
of that. Um, but again, the most important thing for you is to work on, work on that little paragraph
of what would you say? Why, why this charity? Yeah.

Yeah. Okay. All right. Thank you. Yeah.

Cause
it's, you know, it's like, we're very similar to other charities in many respects other than the fact
that we do Russian kids, you know, why St. Jude's, you know, cause everybody knows them. Yeah. Like, but the market research, I don't know why they're really, they're really like what I
would say to you just to finish up for time purposes, um, is right. What they're saying is
really is why, why wouldn't I just give to St.

Jude? Right. Like, so that's what I mean when I say
that you have to have that tangible reason, like, you know, like, right. And, and that could be like,
look, you, you should give, or you, you should give to, to, to, to, you know, to St. Jude, but
here's why you should, um, help these, these children.

Right. And you have to have a valid
reason, like, and we, and you might have to dig and I, you know, and hopefully I believe that you,
you'll have one. Uh, and I think that you have the seeds of one. Like, I do think that like, look,
I, I, you know, I, but I would find out how many more kids die of these conditions in,
in Russia compared to the United States, because maybe it, maybe it is reaching epidemic proportions
of you, you get the idea. That's what I would, that's what I would tell you to work on.

Make
sense? Very good. Yeah. Thank you, Todd. You got it.

All right, Michael. Thank you, man. Let me go
ahead and mute Michael. There you go. You know, it's, it's, it's one of those things, you know,
for all of you guys, I'm going to leave you with this.

I know that we went, man, two hours today. Uh, but hopefully you got some, some crazy value from, you know, this call, you know, there, you
know, like these are, you know, you've got to recognize always, whether it's a charity, whether
it's a product, whether it's a service, no matter what that, you know, people have questions,
they'll, they'll have questions and you're not dealing with a blank canvas, meaning you're, you
know, people are bringing, um, issues and, and, and objections and questions and history and
experience, excuse me, to the table. And so you have to recognize that people are people,
right? Meaning whether, whether it's a charity, whether it's a physical product, whether it's a
service, people are people, you have to address what's going on in their mind, what they're
thinking, because right. Like there, you know, people, there are some people that don't give
because they're, they're, they're just cheap, right?

Like they're just not generous. Right. And
then there are some people that don't give because they don't believe that their money's
going to be used the right way. They don't believe that the, the, the, they believe that
there's, you know, that people are getting rich off of their donations in the charity. They believe that, um, there are other organizations that are better, more efficient, more effective,
that work quicker, right?

Like they're right, wrong or, or indifferent, right? There is this,
there is this belief, this perception that bigger organizations, right? The Red Cross,
St. Jude's that they've got resources to, um, to make sure that the money gets used quickly,
used efficiently, right? Like men, and in many cases it's, it's inefficient and, and, but there's
this belief, right?

That bigger is better. Bigger is more credible. Um, you know, they would,
if they were lying, they would have been caught by now. But if it's small, if I've never heard of it
before, it could be a scam. It could be new.

Maybe it's not supportive, right? All of these things,
we need to, we need to address and overcome just like anything else. And the reality is
I would be more bold, um, with the charity because I'm not going to let anybody walk away
having any doubts that I don't address in the biggest, boldest, most audacious way possible,
right? And so I know that people fear the whole money thing. I'm going to have a, a section that
addresses that.

And I'm going to ask the exact question. I'm not going to worry about looking
professional, like having it worded, like it's a day I'm going to address exactly what it is that
they're thinking and, um, and, and, and feeling right. Why haven't I ever heard of the Russian
American children's foundation? I'm going to address that in here, right? I'm going to address that,
right?

And maybe, and this is where Michael would need to, you know, uh, uh, um, think this through
again. Maybe it's because right. That they want to invest as many dollars into taking care of these,
these children in Russia instead of marketing and advertising. And so because of that, they don't
do, they do very little, if any promotional, um, um, um, activity, but don't be fooled, right? They do tremendous amount of good work and they want to continue to do a, doing a tremendous,
right?

Like I'm going to address everything that they could be thinking, feeling anything that would
stop them from going ahead and donating. I'm going to address, and I'm also going to go hard in all the
reasons why they should support this charity. Not only like, not only the benefits of saving
children and, and, and right. And, and whatnot, but also why this charity. So it's not just saving
children and, and, and, and whatnot.

And, um, you know, giving moms and dads, their, their kids back,
uh, you know, like, you know, for life, but it's also why this one. And it's this one, because these
are kids that have, that have been abandoned that are, that are kind of the victims of where they were
born. And unlike children in the United States that are being helped at a rate of X to Y children
in Russia are virtually been abandoned, which means that eight out of 10 kids with rare diseases
end up dying within 24 months. This is your chance to be someone's hero, right? And what does it matter
where they live?

Like, that's the kind of thing that I'm talking about for, um, for Michael, but
there you go. That is it for today. A little bit over two hours, great call, great stuff. The recording
will be posted for you, uh, within the next 24 hours, take a peek next week. I believe,
let me just see something next, uh, next week.

You've got Damien. Then the week after on the 25th
of March, we've got the open monthly, ask me anything with me. And then that Thursday,
we also have, uh, this live conversion call. So any questions, you know, uh, open questions that
you've got, uh, you know, just any questions about business marketing, all that, get ready
for the 25th. But next week is Damien.

Then, like I said, the week after the 25th is me,
ask me anything. And then that Thursday is the live conversion call. And so that's it. Everybody have a great day. Uh, and I will talk soon.

And so take care all. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye.
