---
title: "March, 21 2019"
date: 2019-03-21
duration: 1h 0m
duration_seconds: 3653
vimeo_id: 325757005
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# March, 21 2019

**Date:** 2019-03-21 | **Duration:** 1h 0m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Hey everybody, you're on Acquire and Monetize live traffic QA call with none other than me,
Amy Lamparanchi, Todd Brown's business partner, COO, and resident Facebook advertising, media,
whatever you want to call me, guy who is here to guide, direct you, has spent hundreds of
thousands and millions of dollars on ad spends and yeah, as part of A&M, you have the pleasure
and I have the pleasure of getting on here and giving you the guidance direction you need when
it comes to your targeting, your biddy strategy, your creatives, your conversion, all that other
good stuff. And so first of all, as always, before we officially, officially start, if everybody
could just chime in and let me know you can hear me loud and clear, that'd be fantastic. Michael says yes, okay. All right, so he says yes, fantastic, fantastic, fantastic. Good to see you,
good to see you, Michael, John, Paul, Richard, Chris, and all you folks coming in.

And I'm going to start
sharing my screen in just a second and everybody can then give me one more thumbs up and let me know
that you can see my screen. Everybody can see my screen. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Getting yeses
across the board. It is a strange day here in Virginia, which is where I currently live, no longer
in Florida.

It is, it was raining and it's freezing cold. I didn't even want to go outside, but apparently
my three little girls wanted to go play outside in the freezing cold rain and now the rain is turning
into falling slow from the sky. All right, so welcome everyone. As I said, this is Damien. If
you're just joining in, we're about to get started on Acquire and Monetize.

Again, every single week,
this is just amazing, every single week inside of Acquire and Monetize, you have the opportunity
to glean insight, guidance, and expertise and directly to myself and none other than Mr. Todd Brown. Todd hosts all our conversion calls. I host all our traffic calls and this week is tracking. So you
have a chance to ask questions.

You have some great questions that were submitted and some new stuff,
some fresh stuff. I'm going to share some personal stuff and so as we go, you can certainly ask questions
if you have them. I also have one of our new team members who's been working with us, my personal
shadow. Sam, who is just a phenomenal, phenomenal marketer and young man, really, really excited
and a sharp guy. Sam, are you there, buddy?

I'm here. All right, so I'm going to leave Sam
unmuted. Sam, we might unmute some of you folks as well as we go through. Certainly, Sam, if
you see any questions, moderate from me and we're going to jump in together. Sound good?

Perfect. All right, here we go. So first question comes in from everybody's favorite friend,
Jean-Michel Chow. Jean-Michel is doing some really cool stuff, has an agency, works with a lot of
different clients that offer. So he's able to bring a lot of different interesting things to share with
us and also he is building out his own client base.

And so I'm going to look at what Jean-Michel is doing
here and I don't see him on the roll right now. I know he's in a different part of the world,
but if he's there, you can message Sam or I. We'll unmute you, Jean-Michel. Either way,
let's cover and learn from what he's asking because he's talking about strategy sessions. Now,
for those of you that might be a little bit new, the concept of strategy session is you're running ads
and rather than sending them directly to buy something, the call to action is commit to getting
on the phone with me or one of my expert team members for one reason or another, right?

That's
the goal of a strategy session. And so just for everybody here, like the way we approach a strategy
session, the way you approach it isn't that much different, right? You still want to make sure that
on the front end, offer the ad, there's some sort of a hook, there's a promise, ideally a unique
mechanism. And the way you're promising, you know, again, that's the way you promise to deliver
or meet the need or benefit that the person desires in a way they've never heard or seen
before. That's what gets them in.

That's what evokes excitement and enthusiasm and motivation,
even from a jaded prospect. We talk about that all the time in our E5 and what Todd teaches with
the big idea. And then once they come through, we want to take them to get them to commit to the
consult. And there are a lot of ways to do this. You can do this straight, a sort of talking head VSL,
right?

Somebody can just get to a page and you can be like, Hey, my name is Damielan Franchi. I've
run millions of dollars of, I think I've helped scale businesses from zero to six, six to seven,
seven to eight figures and beyond. And I believe in less than 25 minutes, I can show you why you're
currently stuck in your media buying and scaling. And I can give you at least $10,000 in the next 30
days. In fact, I'm so confident I can do that.

If you hop on a call and by the end, you don't feel
that I've delivered at least $1,000 of value in five minutes, I'll buy you a steak dinner. I'll send you a
$100 Visa card to go to dinner on me. Whatever the case may be, you could certainly do it in a VSL
or you can do it in a long form sales. We're going to get to something a little bit later with a
question called funnel agnosticism. It doesn't really matter what way you do it.

What matters
is that you make promise, you make a compelling argument, and you make that call to action to get
somebody on the call. And so let's look at what Jean-Michel is doing over here. So he says,
happy Thursday, Jean-Michel. All right. And he is saying, yeah, I've started to drive traffic to
my strategy call.

The average outbound CTR is around 1.32. And CTR is interesting, but not sort
of the big thing we're going to care a whole lot about at this stage. Cost per click is around 252. Again, normal, but again, not really what we care about, right? We're going to look at acquisition
costs as well as ROI.

Spent so far, 250 bucks. So far, 76 people visited the opt-in page, only
18. The opt-in rate is at 10%. Now, this is where I'm going to pause before we even open up any assets. Typically, again, there are always exceptions.

Typically, you want to be able to see a 20 at
the lowest, ideally closer to 30, 35% opt-in rate. All you're asked for is name and email,
where they were giving out a free PDF, a training video, get on my workshop, unlock all my personal
secrets, going with my grandma, whatever it is. If it's just, you're just asking for a name and email
and fitness space, the health space, the sports space, the golf space, finance space, you really
need to be an opt-in rate, certainly closer to 30%, not around there. So that's the first thing
we're going to identify in the first piece of guidance. So we'll take a look at why in a second.

But that opt-in rate is going to be an issue. That's going to be a major constraint. So the average cost per lead is $31. And again, that's a direct reflection of the,
sorry, the cost per lead is $31. That's a direct reflection of the opt-in rate, right?

If the opt-in
rate was on par with that 30%, then that cost per lead would be down at around 10 bucks. Jean-Michel goes on, I know it's still early, but the opt-in page might be a constraint or maybe
I'm not targeting the right audience or the idea behind the campaign is not resonating. Anyway,
would you keep continuing gathering more data before tweaking anything? Now I'm going to pause
once again, and I'm going to tell you, everybody in Acquire and Monetize, does everybody, can I get
a yay or a nay? Does everybody know what your golden ticket pass is?

Does everybody know what
the A&M golden ticket pass is? Give me a yay or a nay. That right now. J.D. says yes.

Good job, J.D. Okay. Neil was saying yes. Okay. I got some yeses coming in.

Okay. In case there's anybody
who's shy and is afraid to say no, I'm not going to scold anybody. But inside of A&M,
what Todd and I decided to do is we really wanted A&M to kind of be the place where you really
don't have to worry about buying any other training or any other courses or anything else
because we provide everything. So even our best-selling paid courses are available to you
inside of A&M every single month. You're a member.

You unlock a gold pass that you can use. And so
what I would recommend, Michelle, for any of you there that really for everybody is to grab
Campaign Rescue. Campaign Rescue, Todd put together about just a couple months ago and was unbelievable
as we talked about. And he really went through our methodology of how we look at every campaign. And when a campaign doesn't work, or let's say Dynamo doesn't work.

Doesn't work sounds like
it's a Band-Aid. And it's not. Campaign Rescue is a process, right? Nine out of 10 times you launch
a campaign, it will not perform up to par the first time it comes out of the gate. Even for us,
even as good as we are, even as much as we beat everybody else's numbers, it still takes a time.

It is a process of iteration because there are so many moving parts, right? It's almost like
I've never done this. I've seen people on TV shows, like assemble a car from scratch, right? Once you do
it, right? Everything for that car to move, right?

The engine, the battery, all these other pieces,
the wire, everything needs to work. And that's a lot. Nothing cannot work. And if you don't know what
it is, you don't know how to identify. You can be spinning your wheels.

And so recommend all of you go in
there. And the next time you see your golden pass, you've earned a golden pass. Unlock Campaign Rescue. You go to it. It'll be worth its weight in gold.

And so the first thing I can tell you right away is,
you know, definitely this opt-in rate is very, very low. He says, I don't know if it's the targeting,
the audience, so on and so forth. What type of targeting would you recommend
to work with an agency or a consultant? And so a couple things. Let's look at Jean-Michel's ad.

And then we're going to look at Jean-Michel's opt-in page. Okay. So here's Jean-Michel's ad. The direct response. Any business who's running ads should
pay close attention to this because what I'm about to reveal could help business owners
to legally cash back their ad spend.

I know it's a bold statement, so bear with me. But before we go,
let me say, let me say this has nothing to do with another online cost or software. And unfortunately, not everyone can pretend to claim this cash back as it requires some conditions. See, what I'm talking about is a little known program called Advertiser Cash Back Program. And it's the first time you've heard about it, that's normal.

So only a handful of savvy business owners
are in the know. And that's why I put together a free video to show you how they're using it,
the cash back ad spend. Look, I'm not supposed to share this stuff with anyone and I have no idea how long
it'll be available. But this is my mission to help business owners, which reminds me that I haven't
introduced myself. My name's Jean-Michel Chau.

I help business owners grow their businesses short
and simple. I know I'm shy and this is not about me, but about business owners who don't want to
throw their ad spend away. Sad truth is there are folks that have no idea about acknowledging the
advertiser cash back program, so on and so forth. Cool little, I actually like this really little
video here because thumb stopper. It's interesting how business owners could cash back their ad spend.

That's kind of cool. So that's all good. The only thing I would say, and again, it wasn't Jean-Michel's
question, but for everybody's benefit here, is if I saw this, and certainly feel free to chime in if
you have a little input as well, or you could tell me how you would react to this ad, is I really
the idea, right? Looks like, you know, we talked about this on another call, compliance, and it looks
like compliance is not an issue. The advertiser cash back program, very interesting.

The one thing I would say
is for me, if I saw this, I would be interested, but very skeptical, and so I really want a little
more proof, a little more something that would make me go, wow, this dude's really onto something I've
never seen before. You know, even if it was like, you know, the way I unlock this, you know, cash back
program has to do with my cousin, who actually is an engineer at MIT, and he was running these little
ads to try to host a party, and something happened. He realized that he can get double his money back
just by doing this simple process. It's really easy, but it's six steps, you know, it's six specific
steps, and they have to be done in a specific time of day. You know, something that builds more,
that shows that this isn't just hype.

That would be my concern. My hype meter would be going off just a
little bit going like, okay, never heard of this, sounds interesting, but you just want to sound a
little more legit in terms of what's happening, even if it's like, you know, I've been doing this
for the last 14 months. What I've seen is that 67% of clients who do this are quickly accepted. It
usually takes 24 hours to get their cash back or whatever, you know, some additional proof. Again,
I know that's not what Jean-Michel is asking about, but just for everybody's bet here on the call,
that's how I would critique this ad.

Now look when we click through. So when we click through here,
click learn more, we come to this page right here. And now I want everybody's feedback. Actually,
I'm going to ask Sam, as well as everybody here, feel free to type in through the chat. Sam,
what do you think of this opt-in page?

You came here, right? You're right. You're as my shadow now. You're learning new ad channels. You're doing research.

You've actually started advertising on
Kindle, which I, and maybe next traffic, I'd like you to hear kind of about what you've discovered
so far. It's the first time we've ever tried. We have a couple of books on Kindle and we saw some
good traction. So we started doing some paid media. So you're in the mix, right?

You're in the market. You're a guy who could benefit from Jean-Michel Child's mastery and insights. You saw this opt-in page. What's your first impression? So first impression is, I mean, the advertiser cashback program,
that's kind of catchy to me.

But kind of like what you were saying earlier, it's just more of the
same of what the ad said. And I think the ad missed some legs to it, some proof or something
that shows me like, okay, this is like the real deal. Because right now it just seems like a claim
after claim. Yeah, absolutely. And right here, I mean, let's be honest, this page, and I'm all for
minimalist design.

Sometimes we go very minimalist. Jeff said it very well. Jeff said, listen, there's
no specific, you know, there's no specifics here, which is a really good point. And so when they come
here, right, you know, again, you know, our goal is step at a time. We want to get people to opt in.

So they're going, okay, this is interesting. Next page, right? We need to bring them in a
little bit more. So I always talk about using imagery. I think a lot of times what's happened
in design, and you've been on these conversations now, Sam, as well with Josh.

Josh is our head
creative who's done just phenomenal work. Anything that looks really nice from us comes from Josh,
not from me and Todd tinkering around and doing design, which we shouldn't be doing. You know, but one of the processes we've had to go through, because, you know, Josh is a classically
trained designer, he's not a direct response marketer, is understanding how imagery can tell
a story, add value, can make a promise. And so the tendency would be to say, okay, look at this
page, opt-in rate is low. One of the concerns is, okay, there's no specifics, as was saying.

It looks
janky, right? It looks like it took probably all of like three minutes to put up this page, probably
back in 2002. You know, there's not like a favicon up here. It just shows like a little page icon. It's just not good looking.

And so the tendency is to go, well, let me over design the page and put
little swirls and random pictures of people in a meeting. And all that stuff doesn't add value,
right? It doesn't add credibility. What you want to do is you want to add imagery that either one
adds, conveys proof, right? From an NLP, from a subliminal level, conveys proof.

So for example,
a lot of times you'll see pages where we have an image of Todd at a table and everybody's listening
to him or him on a stage and everybody's clapping, right? That image tells people this is somebody
other people value, esteem, and look up to. Or you want images that promise that you're going to
learn something. So for example, if I had 60 minutes and I had to fix this, I would, well,
if there's a free video, I would probably put a teaser image of the video. Um, there would be on
that teaser image, there would be a picture of Jean-Michel or a screen of like a special formula
with some steps and some really interesting things would be like clear, but other stuff would be blurred
out and circled.

So I would make sure that the promise that you were about to learn something
that you don't know was really clear as soon as I hit this page. And I probably would even put some
bell, bellets, some bullets that by the end of this video, you will understand one, what it is,
how to do it, how to benefit, why you haven't heard about it before and what just markets it applies
to, um, and so on and so forth. And so that's really, um, the first place, uh, I would work on
before, uh, before else, because right now, you know, Jean-Michel said he spent 250 bucks. He's got
eight opt-ins, uh, to get people on a, on a strategy session, right? You're going to get a 10%, you know,
five to 10% opt-in rate.

Don't think because it's free, it's easier to get them to take that next step. That's not true. And so, uh, Jean-Michel is quickly going to burn a hole in his wallet if he only has a
10% opt-in rate. So the first thing I would work on is getting this a lot clearer and then making sure
again, it's just, you know, it's almost like you're leading somebody through, uh, through a path. Can I
tell a story real quick, Sam?

Go for it. All right. Have you ever seen, and I, there's a lot of mixed
messages, a lot of mixed feelings. And so I'm not, I don't know him. I'm not endorsing him, but
have you seen all the, like the Tai Lopez, uh, YouTube video?

Of course, of course. Right. Like,
and, and listen, I understand like, you know, a lot of people have opinions. I'm sure people are
going to start chatting me up. Either they love it or they hate it or one thing or another, which
in alone is a marketing lesson, right?

He, he draws a response. Nobody goes, yeah, I saw his stuff. I totally ignored it or right. He forces you to kind of need to go, this is up to something sweet or man,
I'm not sure I could trust this guy, but he forces you to have a response. But what's so
interesting.

Um, I was talking about this at MFI live once with some of our tribe members. I said,
what I, what I found fascinating, which, you know, maybe I'm giving him more credit than his due,
or maybe he's just really, you know, he's certainly a savvy market is when you watch his videos,
what he does is, you know, Ty Lope, for those of you who haven't seen it, Ty Lopez will be out by his
pool or something like that. Like, Hey, you know, my name's Ty. Uh, I'm going to share with you with
this video, the three secrets, um, that allowed me to triple my income in just one year. Um, you
know, these three secrets, uh, really, you know, can change anybody's life and they have, um, you
know, first I want to show you my pool.

Um, over here, this is my pool. Um, I have three pools. This is my favorite pool because it has like this special filter and dah, dah, dah, dah, and has a
waterfall. So when I have parties, it's really cool. Um, but the other two pools are here, but you know,
come over here.

I want to show you something. And, um, and in just a second, I'll throw you,
I'll show you the three secrets. And what happens is you keep watching and you're kind of, as you're
following him, you're sort of saying yes along the way, right? What's brilliant about it is everybody
loves taking a house tour, right? When you see friends, even now that people like, Oh, I want the
tour.

Yeah. Let me show you, let me see your house. And so he does something so natural that gets you
saying he gets so many yeses along the way. Yes. I want to see your pool.

Yes. I want to see the
Maserati. Yes. I want to see this, you know, the special billiards room with a hundred thousand
pool table or whatever. Like he keeps getting you to say yes.

So by the end when he's like,
what's funny is at the end of the video, Sam, I don't know if you ever stuck around to the end. He doesn't give you the three secrets. He goes, Oh, you know, um, you know, so you know,
all you got to do is click this button. I'll meet you on the other side. Uh, and I'm going to tell
you those three secrets.

But at that point, you've said yes. So many times that your natural and
connection is to continue to follow him wherever he says to go. And that to me, do you ever picked
up on that? Uh, I mean, I'm just hearing this for the first time now, but I never made it to the
end of the video. I didn't realize that.

Yeah. It's a, yeah, you get to the end of the video
and he's like, you know, Oh, you know, almost like, Hey, I, I, I, I jibbered so long showing you my
house and having you follow me around that now you need to follow me to my opt-in page. But the point
is it's just a brilliant lesson in March marketing because you can see he's getting
you to say yes, multiple times along the way, just one step, one step. He doesn't just say,
Hey, this is my house. Click the link and go to the opt-in page.

He get right. He all those
little baby steps. And that's the same way when we're dealing with cold traffic, right? You got a baby step. Hey, read my headline, pay attention to my content, baby step, read the
content, baby step.

You like the content. You should get more on the next page, baby step. Now take
the opt-in. And so that's the thing is we just have to make it more enticing, more interesting
and not lose people along the way. And so if we try to take too big of a jump, right?

If
we take them from, you know, Jean-Michel's ad to, Hey, pay me a hundred dollars and schedule
your call right now, we're going to lose everybody. But if we baby step them along the way, we're
going to get there. And so the point is right here, obviously the place we're losing them is
they're coming here. Uh, there's no additional specifics. There's no additional proof.

Um,
does it look, there's no authority, there's no credibility and all those other things. Um,
if there were a picture, right, if this is really legit, I'd have a picture of like 10
people holding their cash back checks or whatever the case may be, or showing proof of their
cash backs. Like that would get me to watch the video immediately, right? I wouldn't even
need to see a picture of Jean-Michel or who he is or see him on a stage. If I saw, if I saw
a little thing that said, Hey, here are the last, you know, 10 people, uh, who did this
call with me here, here, the, you know, here are the cash backs they got.

And one guy got
a thousand dollars and one got 50,000 and one got 7,000. I'd be like, Holy smokes, get
on the phone with this dude. Um, and so that's the next part. So I'm not even going to go further
into the video or anything like that. Um, that's the first part I would fix.

And then after
that, once we see that works, then I would look at, okay, what do we need to do with the
video? Is the engagement good or people making it? Um, it's something that we recently looked
at. We're analyzing how can we increase our, our earnings, uh, our EPV earnings per visitor
to our upsell pages. And, you know, I said to you, Sam, I said, well, before we look at
the offer and tweak it to ask ourselves, is the issue that people are seeing the offer
and the offer, we want to get the offer to higher conversion rate, or is it that people
are not making it to the offer?

And in case we need to focus on getting more people to get
to the offer. Um, again, it's all about working at the, on the right part of the campaign. And that's why, again, as an A&M member, you don't need to pay for it. You don't need to
buy it. Uh, unlock campaign rescue.

Um, all right, let's go on from there. Thank you Jean-Michel
for sharing. Uh, so Michael has a question. Um, and Michael's question, and I'll unmute you
in a moment, Michael, if, uh, if you have more to add this, uh, but I do think I can
answer your question pretty, pretty directly here. He says, can a website, can website content
be turned into a marketing argument and or a minimum viable funnel?

Can website content
be turned into a marketing content or a minimum viable funnel? And so let's, let me answer
this by talking about something called funnel agnosticism. Many of you, uh, if you've been
around a trial for a while and you've listened to Todd a whole bunch, you'll hear Todd say that
he is funnel agnostic funnel agnostic. What does that mean? It means that, you know, a lot of times
people think that the answer to all the problems in the world is, well, if I only had one of those
new fancy BSLs with a 3d background and this is it, that would solve all my problems or well, you know,
I heard people aren't doing webinars anymore.

They're doing these things and that would solve
all my problems. And while those modes of delivering your marketing message may be more or less a little
bit effective depending on what you're selling, your price point in your market, that's not the
crux of conversion. The crux of conversion is the argument. So whether the argument is delivered in
seven, you know, in a seven part story like we do with the narrative lesson sequence that, uh, that we've
created and we've been using very, very effective on our high tickets, whether it's delivered in a
VSL, whether it's delivered in a PFLF style four part video, um, a good message will work in all those
models. Right.

And so what I want to get to, Michael, is the question is, can the content be turned into a
marketing argument and minimum viable funnel? It depends what that content is, right? If the content on the
page, right, it's all about making that ultra compelling argument, right? It is the E5 method. It's coming up
with what is the big idea.

Remember the big idea, right? Um, for all of you, everybody here, um, to
not be on those conversion calls every week with Todd and having them look at your big ideas and your
hooks and your unique mechanisms is absolutely kookiness. I hope you're all there. Um, really the
value is phenomenal. And so the whole idea is right that we start with that big marketing idea, right?

Which is why even pay attention to my marketing message? It's not your marketing message. The great example
is how big the big ideas get for Agora Financial, you know, and they're half a billion dollar business,
right? The end of America, right? It doesn't, it doesn't say the end of America by my financial
newsletter.

You only find that out 30 pages later. The whole point is they get in a market that is
jaded, that is cynical, that is crowded. They come in with an idea that grabs people's attention
that stands out. Um, and then they make a promise and, and introduce a unique mechanism,
right? A way to do on that promise that nobody's ever seen before, um, that all grabs somebody's
attention.

And then once that attention is grabbed, once people are emotionally, intellectually
hooked, right? That's a big idea formula, which again, you can actually unlock that inside of
M as well, the big idea training. Once they have all that, then it gets into making the argument. Remember the argument is always around, not around by my product. The argument is around the
unique mechanism.

The argument is around, is around the way that it works. And the very
easy example that everybody could understand is if those of you that are, that remember PX 90,
when PX 90 first hit, um, you know, kind of everybody was going in the direction of easier,
faster, shorter, do no work. PX 90 came up and was like, dude, our workout absolutely will destroy
you and it's extremely hard. And it works because it, it does, it, it leverages the power of muscle
confusion. And what was interesting is their whole sales are, wasn't about by PX 90.

Their whole
argument, if you go back to any of their marketing materials was all about, Hey, did you know that
P, you know, that muscle confusion is the key is the reason you plateau because muscle confusion,
muscles work like this. Most work, all workouts do this, this, this. That means that you are destined
to plateau. It is unavoidable. You will stop muscle.

You will stop losing weight. You will stop getting
more fit and firm. So by the end of their sales argument, all you're going is Holy smokes, unless
I'm going to give up and just become flabby and never work out again, I would be a dumbo not to
start using muscle, a muscle confusion based workout. And, but at the end, you're also sitting there
going, I have no idea how to do that or how to get one. And then all I have to go is bing.

PX 90 is based
on muscle confusion. It's the only pro of its kind that's been pioneered to leverage power of
muscle confusion. You go, dah, I want it. Right. Because it just all makes sense.

That's the
argument. That's how, that's how an E5, uh, an E5 based funnel, uh, customer acquisition campaign
works. And so that's the answer to your question. Michael certainly text in, uh, or chat in if there's
something else to talk about that, but that's what I really want to emphasize. It's not about just
saying, well, I have some content on my page.

Let me jam it into a funnel by putting an opt-in in
front of a order button. That's not going to work. It's just not, it's not going to work. Not today,
not in today's day and age. You have to be a master marketer.

You have to understand the E5 method. You have to understand how to create an offer and a hook and a unique mechanism and a big idea. These are all the things that are necessary. You have anything, Sam, any questions or anything you
want to add to that? No, just a little thing.

Like, you know, it, the content could be turned
into the marketing argument as long as it fits kind of the criteria you just said. Uh, you know,
you just can't, like you said, you can't just slap it on there. You have to make sure it kind
of fits and supports making the unique mechanism, the only, the best or different. Um, so yeah,
could, could not, we don't know based on the content. So, yeah.

And again, you know,
for everybody here, right, you have the, the, you know, we talked about this. This is a lesson
for everybody. This is like, I'm giving you a little, a little top one nugget here that we
talk about in our mastermind. Um, you know, everybody in our top one mastermind, and I hope
all of you will reach the point where you'll be able to apply. It's all, uh, now it's all seven
and eight figure entrepreneurs almost exclusively, uh, looking at a million dollars more to their
business.

And we talk a lot about building out teams. And one of the things is how do you get
other people to create winning offers? And we, we actually went through this process a lot. Uh, and we found out a lot of people, first of all, we're in a tough, we're in a, we, we swim with
sharks, right? We're not competing against the average Joe, right?

Like we, we compete against
Frank Kern, the Ryan Dices, the Russell Sons of the world. We can beat against the best of the best. That's who we go in the, into battle with on a regular basis. I mean, they're all friends in one level
or another, but when it comes to grabbing people's attention and creating, you know, capturing customers,
that's who we go to battle with. And we talked about, well, how do we do that?

How do we make
that process better? And what we found is we had a lot of people that we just kind of loose and they
just never could hit the ball. And what we found made the hugest difference in the world is we were
like, well, if we could that their big idea, their lead, right, which is first five to 800 words of
their argument, as well as their offer. And those three things were on point. Those three got mine and
Todd stamp of approval.

Um, and more specifically Todd, because Todd, uh, works on, on the offer
side of things, especially in the backend offers, um, that they would be in good shape, right? They
would have the odds of them creating a winning campaign that we could use would be very, very
high. And this goes for everybody here. If you're working, whether you hired somebody, you're working
with a copyright, go through that process, right? That the big idea, don't just send them loose,
make sure, you know, best, you know, your business best, make sure the big idea rocks,
make sure the lead is solid, and then, uh, make sure the offer is just, you know, a sin offer.

It's irresistible. It's a no brainer. It's risk reversal, all those other stuff. And so my point is inside of A&M, you have the opportunity to do that. You have Todd do that for
you.

So everybody here is you're coming up with those campaigns, right? Bring the big idea. Make
sure Todd goes brilliant, or maybe I tweak it or not there yet. Try again, look in this direction,
make sure your lead is there. Make sure your offer is there.

If you nail those three things,
if you get Todd's stamp of approval on those three things, uh, as a master of this process,
boy, you put yourself in so much more of an advantage when it comes to actually building
out your campaign. So make sure to take advantage of that. Use that process, not only with your own
team members when developing new marketers and, and creative folks, uh, working with copywriters,
but for yourself. All right, next one coming up. Here's this question.

Here's the question. Coming in. So this is, I'm trying to crack the cold traffic Facebook code for my client's high
ticket offer. The CTA is to get a strategy call on the strategy call. We're selling a 12 week group
coaching program for three K for entrepreneurs who want to master the mind, body, spirit of
business.

I'm running one text Facebook ad to a sales page and targeting four different audiences. Our buddy, Ty Lopez, Russell Brunson, Brendan Burchard, Tony Robbins. We've had zero calls booked so far
from our heat maps. It looks like people aren't really scrolling page or watching the VSL on the page
and have no clue what to do next. I've had advice that it's a messaging problem and our promise
isn't clear.

And other people say it's a traffic problem. I don't know what to do next. Okay. So
let's, let's look at a couple of things. So let's look at the Facebook ad copy.

Let's pull this up,
close out the cashback program. Um, and then let's look at, well, we could probably get the CTA from
there, but I'll just click it right here. Okay. Uh, dude getting on a plane or what looks like a
private jet. Can't really tell.

Um, the no BS system entrepreneurs are using and co. And so a couple
of things with this. So again, we have a, we have a question before about getting to a strategy call. We have a question here. And so what's really important and I want to kind of pull this up on
the slide is, and there's some metrics everybody can see in terms of click through rate on the ad,
um, as well as, uh, dollars spent, not a lot of money spent.

Um, you know, it might take
and how much you asked for in the niche. It might take, you know, somewhere between 40 to a hundred
dollars to get somebody on a, on a consulting call, uh, a strategy session. So the question is,
what are you actually trying to sell them on? Right? For everybody here, right?

Uh, you know,
so for everybody here, right? Everybody here. My question is this campaign, what are you at? What
is the argument at the end of the case? What are we looking for?

Right? What are we looking for? That's my question for all of you. So what are we trying to prove at the end of this case? What
are we, what is the thing we want to prove without a shadow of a doubt?

Everybody tell
me what that is. Sam, feel free to jump in as well. I'll let people chime in first. Okay. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Okay. So go ahead. What, what, what, what is the, what is the purpose?

What are we trying
to convince them? Want me to take it? Yeah. Yeah. Let me hear what you, let me hear what
you think.

Yeah. So, um, I would say pretty confidently that what we're trying to do is we're trying
to convince them of the value of the strategy call itself and why, what we have kind of like
what you said before, why we, why what we have is different, is new, um, and will actually
solve your problem instead of everything else you've tried. So the value of the call and the
value of the new method. Okay. So, so, okay, so good.

So that, that's on point. Uh, well done, Sam, right? We're not
trying to convince them to buy the program. We're not trying to convince them to join the
program. We're just trying to convince them that, you know, can a 25 minute call with,
you know, former CIA agent, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, who used to
work for the, you know, the queen majesty.

Can this single call literally be the turning
point in your life? Right. That's kind of what we're, we're trying to convince them
of. And so we want to make sure that the argument and everything we say goes back to that, right? Everything needs to, you know, lead up to how, how does this all make sense?

And so when we
get here, we get to this page and I'll tell you right away, right? Uh, free for serious entrepreneurs
visit, discover the shortcut, uh, how to shortcut your way to wealth using the MBSB system, the
ultimate self mastery secret. Um, to remove the BS, become number one in all areas, creates
huge results, take peak performance and lenses. Um, okay. So let me ask a question, Sam.

Let's
have you critique this a little bit. So a big idea, right? We talked about the big idea formula. Do you remember the big idea formula that should be written on your hand? I wrote it on my hand
for a recent ad.

So hopefully it's written on yours as well. You there, Sam? Sorry, cut
out for a second. So do you, do you remember the big idea formula by heart yet? I do.

It's
uh, emotionally compelling, which is primary promise and unique mechanism combined plus intellectually
interesting. Okay. So emotionally compelling, intellectually interesting with a primary promise and then
a unique mechanism. So the unique mechanism. So, so what is emotionally compelling about this?

I mean, honestly, I guess removing, becoming number one in all areas of life, but it's not,
it's not strong. It's not really that strong. Is it intellectually, is there anything intellectually
interesting here? Uh, not at all. Okay.

So it's weak on emotionally compelling. It's not intellectually
interesting. And what about the unique mechanism? So it's the MBSB system. Yeah.

So that's there. Um, kind of, kind of lacks a clear promise though. So without the promise, the mechanism doesn't
really matter. Right. Right.

Well, the, the, the name of the, yeah, it lacks a promise, right? We
want unique mechanisms to sound, uh, first of all, it sounds like a product. Um, you know,
you'll hear Todd, Todd mentioned this and I thought he put it really, really well. Uh, the MBSB system,
it's the acronym contains BS. That's pretty funny, Michael.

Um, it actually has BS in the acronym. So,
so that is a good point that like this MBSB BS and the SBSB like this is, I can't even read this. This is just,
this is just hard as anything to read. Um, and then like you want your unique mechanisms to sign,
to sound scientific. Unique mechanisms shouldn't sound like the ultimate wealth system 2.0, right?

That's like a product name and not a very good one either. You want your unique mechanisms to sound
scientific, right? Because that right muscle confusion, right? Like, you know, when you hear these infomercials,
right, you know, the, you know, systematic urethane finish or, you know, whatever the,
you know, whatever those little things are that are different, right? Like, you know,
time release neoplasties, you know, like you want something that sounds that make, you know,
I'm learning something, right?

Which they should be, right? If it's good EBM content, you're going to
have them learning something. And so the MBSB system just sounds like a product. It sounds like
my product by my course, sign up for my coaching. Um, and so I would really look to get a unique
mechanism that sounds, uh, different.

Um, you know, whatever that, that thing is, you know, like,
you know, when, when getting things done, when they first talked about, you know, closing and opening
loops or whatever the case may be. Then the other thing that goes on from here. So, so this sales letter
as a whole, uh, even the layout is just very, very hard to read. It says the video will only be
available for minutes. Uh, but the videos all the way down here, the goal is to get them to watch the
video.

I put the video above the fold. Um, but the other thing that's really important as I look through
this and again, I do like a full campaign breakdown, but, uh, only entrepreneurs, uh, I'm going to share with
you to become number one in your body and spirit to be in your life. Uh, master, you know, here are the two
things you need to be committed to mastering yourself and skyrocketing them, having a wicked
good time in the process. Um, and it just talks about being more focused and it just gives away
too much, right? In this market, it just starts to sound like, okay, I've heard this a hundred times
before.

Um, and this makes no sense, right? Like, so do you want them to like read or keep watching
videos and then reading? Um, and so this just does, this is just to me, just like all over the place. Um, and then as a third video, I I've never, um, I mean, worth testing, but if it's not working,
it's not working. Having multiple videos on the page.

I've done that with testimonials, but not,
um, not sort of jabbed in. It's just kind of like, you're giving them reason to get distracted. Um, Richard Branson, not sure what he's doing there, but okay. Uh, you know, credibility by
association, I suppose. Uh, and then there's some more proof and stuff like that.

Um, you know,
in my opinion, I would, you know, who was this for? Yes, I want in. Uh, again, it's not,
I want in right. The call to action is more like what? Since you're the one unmuted at the moment.

Yeah. For the, how did you call? Um, yeah, not it's yes, I want in. It's like, yes, I want the 26 minute call that could change
my life forever. You know, um, it's not, I want in that he, we want to join the brotherhood.

And if anything, you know, like the brotherhood sounds like that might be part of the unique
mechanism. Although you're going to have to make a heck of an argument of why, uh, you know,
why this brotherhood works or why it's different. Um, but again, I, you know, there's kind of no,
you know, is, is the call be with this guy, uh, Brody right here. Is that who the call takes place
with? Yeah.

Right. So then, you know, the argument like it's to be around, right. Two things. So first
of all, you know, I heard this said, Todd and I've said a lot, like, listen, you could have a campaign
that literally just works on like, you know, if you have a preponderance of proof, just so much
insane proof, you really don't even need an argument. You could just be like, dude, here are
the last 50 people that said yes to what I'm about to tell you to, here's what's happened to them.

Do you want to join the group? Yes or no. Um, you don't have to kind of, you have to make a lot of
argue, right. When you have proof, right. It's almost like a court case, right.

You don't have to make a
lot, you know, if you have like, dude, I have, you know, pictures of 20 bodies. I have all the
bullets. I have all the fingerprints. You don't have to make a big fancy argument. You could just
drop the evidence right before them.

And people go, I know what, I know what the verdict is. And so there was a good amount of proof here. I would be much more apt to, you know, again,
I didn't watch VSLs, but I would recommend for this campaign to really just one, have like one VSL,
ideally a talking head, since they're going to get the phone off on the, on the phone with this,
this person, Brody, who's the expert, who's the guru. And then I would just have an insane amount
of proof. And I would probably just have that talking head and something more along the lines
of like, Hey, uh, my name's Brody.

I'm going to tell you my story in a minute, because it's really
weird how I almost died at C three separate occasion. Actually the third time when I was in
the ICU, that's how I actually became a millionaire for the first time before I got out of the hospital. But before I talk about me, I want to talk about you. I want to talk about what can happen. What can happen after just 22 minutes on the phone with me?

How do I know that? Well,
I want you to look at these individuals who all just took one step to take 22 minutes on the phone
with me. And here's what happened. This is Brian. This is John.

You can see their stories below. This is Frank. This is Al. They're all part of the brotherhood. They're individuals who are seeing
that now back to me, why bother listening to me?

Well, let me tell you something. Now, how many people
do you know who have, you know, who have, who've been pronounced dead three times. And the third time
they came back from the dead, they did that, you know, whatever it is like that compelling,
like this guy, right? Why this phone, you have to convince me why getting on the phone with this
guy. Cause again, most people don't like to get on the phone.

It's super awkward. Um, and so you
got to, it's like, why they got to be like, Holy cow. I can actually talk to this person. This person's
like a celebrity superstar. I can't believe it.

Um, and the proof. And so I would just honestly go
back to, uh, this is not a tweak situation. I would just rethink, uh, this whole thing. Again,
it, you know, there are parts that might be used. I like the way the position, but I think overall,
it's just not clear what the argument is.

Even if you don't want to go with a, uh, a talk, a BSL,
you might not need a BSL, but if you would, I would do a talking head in, uh, I would just make
the argument clean. And I would just say, Hey, uh, you know, I want to show you how a 20 minute call,
you know, with you, where I talk about, you know, Pythagoras's loss theorem is actually the reason
you've never achieved financial wealth and how it can change your life. Just like it did for Jack,
Brian, Phil, Bob, you know, that all started with this 22 minute calls happen after this 20 minute
call here, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, you know, get on a life minute changing 22 minute call
with me today free. And if by the end of it, you know, change your life, you know, I'll send you a
hundred dollar bill in the mail, you know, whatever that is, that that's how I would approach that. What do you think of that, Sam?

That, I mean, that, that's great. You, uh, you have a knack for pulling big ideas and hooks and
copy out of thin air. So, uh, that's pretty cool. One question I had on the traffic side of things,
um, and it kind of relates to John Michael shows as well is when you have like an MVF or a high ticket
funnel and your price point is three K or higher, uh, the acquisition costs are clearly going to be
higher. So, you know, I think, I think the first one, he only spent 250 bucks, uh, John Michael show.

And then this one spent 150, what's like an appropriate amount to spend before you get
like statistical, uh, validity. So, so I would probably say again, I typically, um, and this is
not, uh, you know, these are just ballpark numbers there. There are outliers and stuff like that, but I
would typically look to say you kind of work backward. Let's say your person on the phone closes one out
of three people, which is very modest for, for a three ticket, you know, three K program. Um, you
know, closing one out of three is, it's not a super high closing rate.

It's a decent closing rate. So let's say you to get a big close one out of three people live. Let's say that the show rate
is 50%, which I think is about average, right? Just because people book an appointment doesn't mean
they're going to show up. Um, if you want to change it, you can get them to pay for the point.

But again,
if they pay, then you're going to have to overcome that and could reduce your, your, your, uh, your
conversion rate. But so let's say we need six bookings to get a sale. Um, and we get the, the number
of opt-ins, right? If the opt-in rate to the consulting rate, let's say the, uh, to the
consultant rate is, let's say for every, I don't know, 10 opt-ins would be, you know, one out of 10
to request a call, I think would be a reasonable number to work. But that means you're going to need
about 60 opt-ins to get to that 30, you know, that, uh, that $3,000 mark, which means technically
you could spend $50, but then you would be breaking even on the front.

You're not paying a salesperson. You're not paying to fulfill the program. Um, so on and so forth. But what I would probably
look is I would look to get to, um, right now there are no opt-ins here, right? You're
sending directly on this campaign.

We're talking about Sam, this is going directly to, uh, a
sales page with no opt-in. So I would look to get my consulting, uh, consulting book for
probably 50 bucks or so is where I would feel, uh, you know, 50 to a hundred bucks top, depending
on how much information you require. If all you're getting is a name and email and someone's
clicking the time, uh, I would certainly hope, you know, significantly below 50 bucks. If
you're going to have them fill out an eight question survey that pre-frames the sale. So the person knows how to anticipate objections and close the sale before they get on the phone,
then you're going to be playing closer to a hundred.

So I would say somewhere between,
let's call it 40 to a hundred, depending on how much we want to pre-qualify the sale and ask
any question. Three additional question you ask a person is going to decrease the completion rate. You know that, right? I get these surveys all the time. They're like, Dave, you could have like one
minute of your time to fill out three questions, a question on this survey.

I'm like, yeah. And then
I answer the question. They're like, you're 10% done. Here's three. And if I like the fourth question,
I'm like, dude, you lied to me and I don't have time and I'm shutting it off.

And so it's the same
thing. Like when we, somebody named first name, last name, phone number, time zone you're in,
are you married? How much are you making right now? How much you want to make next year? And it's not necessarily a bad thing,
but you have to just, and the reality, the more hoops they have to jump through, the more friction,
the less people that are going to make it over the wall.

And so the more you're going to have to pay
for that lead. That answer the question. Okay, Sam. Yeah, it does. All right.

We got two more,
two more good ones coming in here. Oh, so remember the narrative ad we talked about? Does everybody
remember that? I shared that last week. We started this new narrative ad for campaign rescue,
which again, I'm not promoting it other than to say, grab it.

Since you're in A&M, you don't need
to pay for it. And it's absolutely awesome. And so I decided to do something different. It was kind
of inspired by an idea I had on story writing. I wanted to write a story paste and kind of just some
of the story campaigns that Todd's written and done very, very well for us.

And so came up with this idea,
which is called the worst marketing campaign of my life. And it kind of goes into a story. People
have really, really responded well to tons of comments that are like, oh my goodness,
the copywriting is so good. I've had people write stuff, Sam, like I need to study this because
like the emotional drama that I depict here of going through a campaign and why it's worked. And what I
did was, what's interesting and a lesson for everybody here is I wrote a version of this and it was doing
pretty good.

And then I went back and I said, let me tweak this and realize what would take this to
an even higher level was by having a mystery. So rather than just telling a story of, hey, this is
how the campaign happened, you know, this is what happened and it broke and I didn't understand what
happened and I was so upset and frustrated and all this other stuff. And I'll actually show you the live
ad in a second. Rather than just doing that, I decided to go back and it was just like, hey,
you know, if you've ever felt like this, this is what you should do. I went back and I created a new
version, which kind of had a mystery element, which was the why.

And so early on, it kind of opens this
loop and it says, because my business, my dreams were going down in flames. The worst part, the part that
was actually, was quickly burning an ulcer in my side was not knowing the why. And then later I
said, only one thought consumed my mind, that cursed why. Why wasn't my offer incurred? Why were
prospects visiting my page?

And why did it seem so easy for everyone else to create online offers
that convert, but not me? You know, and then I teased this, little did I know a simple mathematical
formula would set me free and show me exactly what went wrong in my campaign, cranking out sales and had
nothing to do with pictures of my 80s mullet leaking out on the internet. And so I kept teasing
this so that at the end, more, you know, beyond the emotion of the story, and this is a long story
I wrote, but people, people responded well to it. Um, it says, Hey, do you want to see the
mathematical formula that, uh, solves the problem that solves the issue? And so I introduced that
mystery to it.

Um, and this is kind of what we've seen. And so what's really cool about this is the
relative scores through the roof, which we'll talk about relevance in just a second. Um, the campaign
metrics here are all jacked up. Uh, unfortunately, ClickFunnels, uh, has had some lately, which is
affecting our tracking and so on and so forth. But overall, um, the can't, this ad is performing well
for us, uh, not just based on the relevance or the link costs, but just, uh, just to take, right?

It's, it's performed well for us, which is really, really exciting. And so I encourage you to get out
there, try your own narrative style ad, right? Tell a story. Don't just go in and say, Hey, have you ever
wanted to lose weight by my product? Right?

Sometimes that works. Sometimes you go right
for the jugular, right? You just throw it out and you hit it. Uh, and thank you so much, Chris,
uh, for saying that. Um, and then other times it's good to tell, again, Facebook is a social
platform.

And so you can see from here, what was really cool about this is like no negative,
no negative feedback, you know, over almost 20, you know, over 16,000 people and climbing every day. Um, tons of likes, no negative feedback or anything because it's a story. It's blue. Um,
and so I think it's definitely worth, especially if you're in a space that's jaded, crowded,
or you find that your ads get just horrible relevant scores. Um, definitely worth trying,
uh, this and putting it to test.

And certainly if you do it, you're welcome to bring it here
on the next traffic call and I will, uh, I will analyze it for you and I'll tell you what I think. All right. Anything, uh, any comments or anything you want to add to that, Sam? Yeah. Just kind of like what you were talking about, uh, with Tai Lopez earlier, like, you know,
the best thing about an ad is when people don't realize they're reading an ad.

And I think telling
a story is the best way to pull people out of that mindset, you know? So, yeah, well said. And
also, you know, Todd said this, um, and he might be quoting somebody cause Todd reads far more
marketing books than I read, uh, or anybody I've ever met. He reads like a book a week for the last
multiple books. Um, you know, people buy the ticket out of hell a lot faster than the ticket into
heaven.

And so while I'm not a negative person, people will always enjoy a disaster story more
compelling than a, a win story. And so, uh, I think, you know, the worst marketing campaign of my
life, um, you know, you know, if, you know, if you were in the fitness era and you, you know,
in a headline and, you know, if you had a headline that said, you know, you know, the, you know,
the three minute recipe that, that finally got, who's my, you know, my baby weight, or if it was
like, you know, the miracle diet that actually added massive fat to every part of my body,
right? Like which one compelling? I don't even care about losing weight, but if I saw the miracle
diet that actually added massive fat to every part of my body, um, I'd read that. I go like,
holy cow to this poor person.

Um, people on, on, it's the weird part of human nature that we,
uh, enjoy other people's suffering maybe because, uh, this side of heaven life is a little difficult
and it's nice to know you're not. All right. Enough, uh, philosophizing from me. Let me get
one final question for today. I heard Facebook is getting rid of relevant score.

What does that
mean for us? So let's talk a little bit about relevance. So what was relevant score? It's still
there. You could find it for the next month or show.

I showed you some screenshots from it. It was Facebook's internal quality scoring system. This is really important. There was a day
where people online, especially the big platforms with Google, Facebook, AdWords, whatever, uh,
YouTube, like they wanted, they were like, and we need this money. Um, but Facebook especially
has taken the position that was like, dude, we don't want your advertising money.

We don't even
like it. Um, and so they're constantly cracking down. Um, they've been able to treat their advertisers
a bit better. Like a year and a half ago, they were miserable. They would have talked to you.

There was no chat. They would deny ads and be like, beat it, get off our system. Um,
and I think the, the back sort of reached the high point where they were like, I guess this
isn't really good for a multi-billion dollar business. And so they've become a lot nicer. However, at the end of the day, all ad platforms for the most part want to make sure that you are
sending out good stuff.

That's not going to make their platform seem spammy or junky or have people
complain. Right. And so the way that, uh, Facebook looks at it, one of the ways is they look at
relevance score. And so it's to indicate the quality of what you're serving and is it going to the
right people. And so relevant score thereby then acts your reach as well as the cost to reach your
target audience.

So when ads have really low, uh, relevant scores, I've had campaigns with low
relevant scores that work fantastic. Uh, however, a lot of times a relevant score can be a hindrance,
uh, or impede, uh, running the most profitable ads you can. And so what Facebook is indicating is
they're going to be saying bye bye to relevant score. Not that they don't care about your ads being
relevance, but just saying you have a nine, they're going to start giving some more visibility. And the way they're going to be doing that is with some new metrics called quality ranking,
engagement rate, rank, and conversion rate ranking.

So the quality ranking metric will measure an ads
perceived quality compared to the ads competing for the same target audience. Um, again, so if you're
both advertising to people looking to buy a new car, people who need life insurance, they're going to
say, okay, well, how is your ads, uh, quality compared to ads competing for the same audience? The
engagement rate metric will work the same way showing an ads expecting engagement rate compared to ads
competing for the same audience. Again, engagement isn't just, uh, how many people buy, it's how many
people buy, how many people click, learn more people like, how many people share. And then the
conversion rate shows an ad expected conversion rate when compared to ads of the same optimization
goals and audience.

Um, and so all this, uh, it's hard to know how these things play out and what
they'll be like. Um, as with any platform, especially Facebook, they make changes and it's very hard to
know how things are going to work out. However, I will tell you this, that I think this will be a
good win for all of us. Uh, anytime there are more metrics to work with, right. You know, I've shared
with you different ways on how to improve your relevant score.

Um, but you know, having more
clarity in terms of, you know, the quality and engagement, the conversion rate ranking is all
very, very, very important. Um, and this is important to conversion rate ranking. You know,
I've had issues, Sam, we've talked about this ourselves that when sometimes, you know,
our platforms, whether it's click funnels or infusion soft, they start having news and
conversions don't track on Facebook. You know, we're like, well, you know, the part of you is
like, well, no, don't worry. As long as we collected the money, we got the new customers.

That's great. But what happens is if reporting to Facebook, then Facebook is going like, man, your stuff really
stinks. And that ultimately hurts your campaign. Okay. So thank you for joining.

I'm not going anywhere
just yet. I'll certainly hang around. If there's a question or two that comes in, you can just shoot
him through the chat. But for anybody that does need to jump, I want to thank you for being here
on the live traffic QA call with myself, Damien inside acquire monetize with my shadow and our
good man, Mr. Sam here.

If you have any questions, feel free to shoot them through. We will give
them the magical seven seconds while I take a drink out of this gigantic crystal geyser,
Alpine spring water. So I forgot my Yeti cup at home. Neither an endorsement for Yeti nor crystal
geyser, the bottled at the source of crystal geyser, bottled at the source, crystal geyser, natural
Alpine spring water. Okay.

So I don't see any questions coming in. So it looks like we've covered
everything. Of course, you're going to shoot them through the chat and the dedicated traffic
channel inside of A&M and make sure everybody do your homework. Two things I'm going to tell
everybody here. Number one, go there, use your gold pass, unlock campaign rescue and watch it and use
it.

It is not, again, I want to make clear. It is not a defibrillator. If you're dead, it is the
process we use on all campaigns to get them cranking out bigger, better and more profitably. We've
unlocked. Todd did a phenomenal job, put a ton of time.

I think he spent almost a full week building
this out. Unlock it. It's yours free as an A&M member with your gold pass. For two, make
sure, take your campaign, take your goods to Todd on the next conversion call next Thursday. Submit your big ideas, your hooks, your SIN offers, specifically your lead, your big idea
and your SIN offer over to Todd.

Get his feedback and direction from the master himself. Thanks
for being a part of A&M. Have a fantastic day. And Sam, thank you for being my co-pilot. Thank you.

You
