---
title: "Marketing Argument Claims"
date: 2025-02-19
duration: 31m
duration_seconds: 1878
vimeo_id: 1058306450
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Marketing Argument Claims

**Date:** 2025-02-19 | **Duration:** 31m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

What's going on guys? Paul Mosetta here. So we had someone recently write into our support team, an E five masterclass tribe member, who had some specific questions about their campaign and specifically structuring the claims and the benefits and the beliefs in their marketing argument. So I figured this would be a great opportunity for me to shoot a video and explain my approach to how I handle this when engineering e five campaigns. I think it'll be wildly valuable for all of you guys.

If it is, please let me know. Leave a comment below and maybe I will do more videos like this in the future if you guys do get a lot of value from it. So let's jump right in. Okay, so here is the email and here are the questions. This comes from rom Spiegel.

Again, rom is an E five student, and he says, I'm currently learning the E five course. I'm at module four, lesson 14, the marketing argument. I'm building the beliefs claims and proof points that my customers need to have. And to be honest, I'm a bit struggling. One, I heard Todd say that as many beliefs that my customer needs build it, but I noticed that I came up with 40 beliefs or so.

I spotted the solution. Aware on the awareness pyramid, I'm wondering if maybe I'm doing something wrong. Two, about the claims. Can one belief have more than one claim? Can one claim have more than one belief?

Three, I find myself getting confused about difference between beliefs and claims. And four, I really got confused with the process of what should come first in building the beliefs and claims and proofs. I found myself a couple of times building the beliefs, then going to find the proof points, and then I don't find a proof points. So I go back to the beliefs and then I change them or I change a claim. Is this a normal process or am I doing something wrong here?

So first and foremost, let me say that no, uh, rom you are not doing anything wrong. This is part of the process. Uh, as, as I'll circle back to this in a second. We never say that the E five method is the easiest way to generate new clients, customers, and sales consistently and predictably. But we do say it is the most predictable and the most reliable.

And that's important, that distinction because I'm gonna circle back to that as I start answering these questions. But really the main reason why I'm saying that is because, look, an E five campaign takes work, but when it's done, you are gonna have an asset that you can rely on indefinitely. You know, you might have to make a few tweaks here and there, depending on if the, you know, the way the market changes, sophistication, uh, angles, hooks, big ideas, things like that. But the reality is you're gonna have a rock solid marketing campaign that generates new clients, customers, and sales consistently and predictably. And that's a process.

It takes work. So kudos to you for jumping in and doing the work and dealing with some of the pain and confusion that can come with doing the work. This is just part of the process. We all go through it at some point. So I don't want you to feel like you know, you're missing something or you're, you're alone in this.

You're totally not. I've been there. And, uh, I'm gonna help you get through this by answering your questions as best as I can. And like I said, I think it's my assumption that our tribe members will get immense value from this as well. So here we are.

Okay, so before I jump in, I wanna make a quick distinction about beliefs or the, the term beliefs because they are used in two different contexts as it relates to an E five campaign. So first, there are the general beliefs that your prospect has, the general beliefs that they have about the world that they have, about politics, that they have, about the market, the niche about your competitors. Uh, there's just general beliefs that people in every market have, and it's important to know them and understand them, and they vary depending on market sophistication. So for example, people that are in the Brazilian jiujitsu space, like me, I buy training videos on Brazilian juujitsu and people in that space because it's a relatively new space, you would say that maybe we're not as sophisticated as say someone in the weight loss space, okay? So people in the Brazilian juujitsu space have vastly different beliefs about the market, about the people teaching these courses, about the different gurus and competitors than say, people in the weight loss space who have been exposed to every marketing claim, every product, every miracle supplement under the sun, uh, than people in the Brazilian juujitsu space.

So, so the, that's what we mean when we say they're gonna have general beliefs about these things. They also could have general beliefs about things like politics, for example. And again, this is important to know, and it's important to understand because if you use certain language in your campaign that doesn't resonate with your prospects, or even worse turns them off, you're gonna create unnecessary resistance in them. So an example of this is like in the financial space, generally speaking, the, the typical customer in that space of a typical prospect is a far right leaning, middle aged white guy. And so if you were crafting a campaign, let's say, and you built that campaign on an idea around let's say Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama, or you, you used an analogy of sort that relates to them, that paints a picture of them as a hero in that, in that context, you could potentially run into problems there because because your prospects don't have that same belief and worldview you, you're gonna cause a disconnect with them, right?

So that's what we mean when we talk about like general beliefs that your prospects have about the market, about the world, et cetera. Okay? The other context in which we talk about beliefs are the beliefs that they need to have in order to accept your unique mechanism as the superior option. Okay? So in that context, so let, let me just start here.

So this is an example from a client that I worked with recently. I have their permission to share this by the way. So this is a campaign that I worked on recently with one of our clients. And let me just say off the bat that these clients get it. The, the first of all, they're very savvy, they're very experienced, they've been with us for a long time.

Um, they were top one mastermind members, uh, and, and they just, they put the work in and, and they really get E five and they understand marketing on a very high level. Um, and so this campaign, you might see some things in here that maybe you typically wouldn't see in a minimum viable funnel campaign, but that's the reason why. Okay? But the three things that really I want to talk about as it relates to the questions that Rom had regarding the claims, the proof, the benefits and structuring the marketing argument are you need these three things to start with. You need a primary promise, you need a unique mechanism, and you need a campaign thesis.

Okay? So the primary promise is the single transformational result or outcome that you are promising the prospect. You're either promising them that you're gonna solve a problem for them or you're gonna fulfill a desire for them. Okay? So solving a problem is they have debilitating back pain, they have crippling anxiety.

They're, they have mon they have money problems and their bank account is emptying more and more every single day. Those are examples of problems that need to be solved. Unfulfilled desires are not as serious as problems. They don't necessarily keep them up at night the way problems do, but there's a void somewhere in their life that they want to fill. They want to learn to play the guitar better, they want to get good at Brazilian juujitsu, they want to get better at tennis, they wanna learn to speak Spanish.

It's an unfulfilled desire that they have. Your campaign promises them that you're either gonna solve a problem or fulfill that desire. Okay? So here's the primary promise for this campaign. Create a low ticket offer that turns strangers into pre-sold buyers for your premium courses, coaching and services.

Okay? That's the promise. The unique mechanism is the unique part system component algorithm framework formula that delivers this primary promise in a way that is unique and superior to the way everybody else does it. Their unique mechanism is purchase intent amplification. Then there's the campaign thesis, which is the one big belief that you need your prospects to have, which is basically that your unique mechanism is the superior way to experience the primary promise.

Okay? So let me say that again. As Todd always teaches, in an E five campaign, 75% of the campaign is marketing, education based marketing, where we're educating the prospect about a new and different way to solve the problem or fulfill the desire through the unique mechanism. And then once they've accepted the belief that this mechanism is far and away undeniably the best way for me to solve this problem or fulfill this desire, that's when we introduce the offer to them. That's when we say, Hey, if you want this mechanism, you can get it through my product or service in the form of my offer.

Okay? So the thesis is this one big belief that we need them to have, that the mechanism is the superior way to experience the primary promise. Now, sometimes people will say, well, what do you mean by superior? What does superior mean? So superior could mean a lot of things.

It depends on your particular unique mechanism and what you're able to prove. So in this case, their campaign thesis is that this is the most effective way to create a low ticket offer that turns strangers into pre-sold buyers of premium courses. Coaches, uh, coaching and services. That's what purchase intent amplification does. That's what makes it superior because it's the most effective way.

Now, superior could be the most effective, the most efficient, the fastest, the easiest, whatever, you know, whatever it is that you can prove. Which circles back brings me back to what I said in the very beginning. We never say that an E five campaign is the easiest way to generate new clients, customers, and sales, right? Consistently and predictably. But we do say it's the most reliable way, the most effective way, right?

So you have to be clear on that. The reason why you need to be clear on that is because this thesis ultimately serves as your north star and helps you determine what claims are going to go into the marketing argument. So for example, if they're not talking about speed, right? They're, they're not in this, in this thesis. They're not saying they have the fastest way to do this.

So they wouldn't make any claims related to speed or efficiency. If, if, let's say they weren't trying to prove efficiency, efficiency and effectiveness are a little bit different, right? So they wouldn't talk about efficiency necessarily. They're taught all the claims, everything in the messaging, everything in the argument is going to be proving that this is the most effective way. Okay?

So this brings us to the second context of beliefs, right? Remember I said context number one is the general beliefs that your prospects have. And then as it relates to the campaign, there are beliefs that we need them to have, which ultimately support this one big belief that we need them to have, which is that the unique mechanism, AKA purchase intent amplification is the superior, AKA, the most effective way to deliver the primary promise, AKA, to create a low ticket offer that turns strangers into pre-sold buyers of premium courses, coaching and services. So I hope that so far we are clear on what the difference is between these three things. Now again, here's why understanding the campaign thesis is important.

It's important because part of rom's question here is about, uh, I heard Todd say you need as many beliefs as possible. I noticed I came up with 40, sometimes clients will ask, how many beliefs should I have? How many claims should I have? And the answer is, you need as many claims as it takes to get to this thesis. You need as many claims and subie in order to create this one big belief to get the prospect to accept this thesis.

Now, sometimes it could be 10 of those, right? It could be 10 claims, 10 beliefs. It sometimes it could be 20, it could be 40. It's whatever it takes to get them here. Now, how you decide whether or not a claim or a belief is necessary is you ask yourself the question, does this claim or belief support this thesis?

If it does, then it goes in. If it doesn't, then it, then it does not go in. So again, if you had a claim, uh, related to speed and you couldn't prove that claim, well, it wouldn't go in here anyway, because you're not claiming you have the fastest way to do this. You're claiming that you have the most effective way to do this. Okay?

So that's why that's important to understand. The other question that he has is the difference between beliefs and claims. So what I want you to think about is really the, the claim gets them to the belief, okay? So it's part of what gets them to the belief that, that that's a mistake that a lot of novice marketers and business owners make. They think that the claim alone gets the prospect to the belief, no, the claim with a proof point that the prospect can logically accept will get them to the belief.

And then when you tie that claim to benefit statements, that's what gets them to the belief. So you get to the belief by making claims, okay? So the more claims you make that are, that have proof points and benefits, the more subie you create, the more subie you create, the better the chance you have of the prospect accepting the thesis, which is the one big belief that they need to have. Okay? So the next question that he has is what should come first?

And then he also has this question about, uh, about the claims can have more than one belief, et cetera, et cetera. So I'm gonna show you a very easy way to think about this, uh, which is the way we handle it, which is instead of focusing on is this a belief, is this a claim? Focus on a gap question. Okay? So this is the way we do this with all of our one-on-one and even group coaching clients in the past when we helped them engineer campaigns, is what you want to think of are the gap questions that your prospect has that is stopping them from accepting the thesis.

So for example, when your prospect first engages with your campaign, there's going to be a gap, okay? So there's a gap between where they are now and them accepting the thesis and what's stopping them. What's creating that gap? Are these questions or objections that they have in their mind. And your job really through your research, which is what we did, what this client and I did together was determining what those gap questions are, okay?

So by answering these gap questions the right way, ultimately we answer them in the form of claim. So that's where the claim comes from. The claim is the inverse of the question. It's a direct statement that answers the question. So first gap question that we came up with is, what if I don't have a high ticket backend offer yet, right?

So this is all about, this is all about how to create a low ticket offer that turns strangers into pre-sold buyers for your premium courses and coaching, right? So the first question is, what if I don't have premium coaching? Will this work for me? And the claim is very simple. Purchase intent amplification works even if you don't have an existing high ticket or backend offer ready to sell yet.

Now we'll get to the proof point and all that later, but right now we're just focusing on here's the gap question. Here's the claim. Will this method work for my specific niche and audience? So like, what if I teach people Brazilian jiujitsu? What if I teach them guitar?

What if I teach them how to speak Spanish? What if I teach them how to overcome anxiety? Will this work for me? Purchase intent amplification works for any niche or business? Will I need a large existing audience to make this approach work?

Purchase intent amplification lets you profitably convert cold traffic into high value buyers, even if you have a small audience. Now, I could even simplify that more and say, you don't need a large existing audience to make pro uh, purchase intent amplification work or purchase intent amplification works even if you don't have a large audience, right? It's just semantics. We're just playing around with the way we're wording it. Um, but ultimately this is how you come up with claims.

You come up with claims by thinking of the gap questions that your prospects are going to have. So that's step one, come up with the gap questions and then come up with a claim that answers e each gap question. Now, let's say you come up with a claim. Well, the next step in this is then proving the claim. Okay?

And let's say you can't prove the claim. Well then you don't put it in, right? Because ultimately it doesn't support the thesis if you can't prove it, right? So let's slide down to here's the marketing argument. So here's the very first claim, right?

You don't e you don't even need an existing premium, high ticket or backend offer ready to sell yet in order to make this work. Okay? So my, uh, all you need to know is that my low ticket offer will solve x magnetizing problem for people who have a, an anchor problem, AKA problem, solution, intent, exi, uh, alignment, which is exactly what purchase intent amplification gives you. Now, I just a little context here. This is the marketing argument portion of the campaign.

There's a whole other portion of the campaign up here where we explain how the unique mechanism works very shortly and succinctly. We, we educate them on how the mechanism works. So that's why they would already understand this statement when, when they get here. But this is the proof point. Essentially, like with this clarity, you can start selling your low ticket offer immediately and begin building a list of pre-sold buyers who are primed and ready for your next offer.

As more people buy from you. You're not just making sales, you're gathering crucial market intelligence. You'll see which aspects of your work resonate most, which questions buyers ask and what they're willing to pay for. That way you'll have a prebuilt audience of buyers hungry for what you're selling when you go to launch your new premium offer. So much so that it practically sells itself.

So what we're doing here, now, just notice this is the proof point. So the, a lot of times people get caught up in the proof point, do I need data? Do I need case studies? Do I need statistics? Yeah, sometimes you could use that stuff, but oftentimes it's just a logical explanation or justification for why the claim is true, right?

Sometimes that alone is enough because most marketers don't do that. They just make a claim and they expect the prospect to accept it at face value. Going a step up above that and beyond that and just making a logical explanation or justification for why you made the claim sometimes is good enough. And then from there we transition to the experiential benefit, which is what this looks like, what this business looks, uh, what this benefit looks like in the life of the prospect. You'll have a prebuilt audience, uh, of buyers hungry for what you're selling when you go to launch, right?

And then we tie an emotional benefit to that. Imagine how confident you'll feel when you go to sell a new course coaching program or service that you know your audience already wants because they demonstrated that desire when they bought your low ticket offer. So every chunk has a claim, a proof and a benefit statement. And the benefit statements have a functional aspect to them, an emotional aspect to them, and an experiential aspect to them. So easiest way of thinking about this is, uh, this iPhone, the functional benefit of this iPhone is that it has unlimited storage in the cloud.

That's the surface level functional benefit. The experiential benefit of it is that I will never find myself in a situation where I'm scrambling to delete apps or pictures to free up space on my phone. And the emotional benefit of that is that I can feel like a proud, responsible parent knowing I'll be able to capture every important childhood memory of my daughter's life so that in years to come, we could look back and reminisce on them. So do you see how I just took a simple functional benefit and then added the experiential and the emotional layer to it to really make it pop, to make it visceral, to make it resonate deeply with the prospect? Think about that for a second.

If I was, if I was working in a, in a store like T-Mobile or at and t and I was selling people phones and the guy next to me was selling people phones and he said, yeah, this phone's got unlimited storage in the cloud. Do you wanna buy it? And I said, this phone's got unlimited storage in the cloud. This way you'll never find yourself in a situation where you're scrambling to delete apps and deleting pictures and trying to free up space on your phone so you can take a picture This way you'll be able to capture every important event in your beautiful daughter's life. So you guys could look back on it in 20 years from now, you could feel like you were a responsible parent.

Which of us do you think is gonna get the sale? Him or me, right? The answer is obvious, right? So the more detailed you are in creating these benefit statements, the better. Okay?

So here's another example, right? Here's the claim. Um, this is the key to profitability, converting cold traffic into buyers, even if you, even if you have a tiny audience right now. So again, we could have just said purchase intent amplification works even if you don't have a tiny audience right? Now.

Again, keep in mind this is not necessarily a minimum viable funnel. These guys are very experienced and very savvy, so they have the liberty, I should say, of getting away with more experimentation in terms of the way they write the copy, et cetera. But the framework is still here. That's because instead of paying tons of money on ads to get leads and hope they buy something from you one day with a low ticket offer powered by purchase intent amplification, you are getting paying customers who are perfectly prepositioned to buy from you again. And when that's done well and paired with a great sales funnel, it can self liquidate, meaning the ads pay for themselves, and you essentially acquire pre-sold buyers for free.

That's the proof that way, every time one of your low ticket buyers upgrades to your premium offer, you get to keep all the revenue as profit. That means you're no longer limited by the size of your current audience or organic reach, right? So now we're dimensionalizing it. So instead of waiting months or years to grow a sizable audience, purchasing 10 amplification makes it possible to profitably scale with paid ads in a fraction of the time. Most experts do.

Imagine the relief. There's the emotional, the relief of knowing you can grow your business without being shackled to your current audience size. And so the process just continues, right? We just keep making these claims which create these subie, which ultimately support this one big belief, this campaign thesis. And once we've gotten them to accept, right, or we feel like we've done a sufficient job in getting them, where the word I like to use is undeniable, right?

And this is really this, this is really something that I learned from Todd When Todd use Todd's approach to crafting a marketing argument and, and using the, the prosecutor analogy when instead of wordsmithing and using hyperbole and bloated copy and um, trying to create a masterpiece in terms of copy, what he does is he tries to create an undeniable argument, meaning by the time they're done with the argument, it's undeniable in the prospect's mind that you have the most effective way for them to solve the problem or fulfill the desire. And that's when you introduce the offer. And so the answer to the question is, well, how many of these claims do I need to make? Is it's as many as it takes for them to believe that. So now the question is, well, do I make, what if I am making multiple claims and what multiple beliefs do I repeat it over and over again?

So the answer to that question really goes to the benefit. So you can combine claims together to if, if they, if they result in the same benefit. So what you don't wanna do is keep repeating the same exact benefit over and over again. So you could repeat variations of benefits. People love benefits, the more benefits the better.

But if every benefit is about saving time or every benefit is about efficiency, or every benefit is about, uh, you know, something very specific, it tends to get redundant. So you don't want that. So what you want are, you want your benefits, they can be similar, but you want them to be distinct from one another. And so sometimes you might have three claims that all circle back to the same benefit. So for example, maybe claim one is you could get this campaign set up in an afternoon, okay?

And then claim two is, uh, there's no tech involved. And then claim three is you can get your first client within 24 hours. Okay? Now I realize I'm just using this as an example. I realize that some of these, um, have different benefits than what I'm gonna share with you, but I'm just using this as an example off the top of my head, right?

So number one is you can get it set up in an afternoon. Number two is you can get your first client tomorrow. And number three is there's not a lot of tech involved. Let's just say that all three of those relate to a speed benefit. Meaning you can get this set up in no time, it's not gonna take long to set it up.

Then you would combine all three of those claims into one statement because the benefit is all about speed. But if you are highlighting a different benefit, like let's say the fact that uh, you don't need a lot, there's not a lot of tech involved, well then that could also point to the benefit of ease, right? So speed and ease, they're related, but they're different. Speed is one thing, ease is a different thing. So I could potentially take that claim and and separate it from the initial one depending on the context that I'm using it, right?

So if I was using it in the same context of speed, I would combine it with the other claims. If I was using it in the context of ease, I would create a separate claim for it because there's a different benefit attached to it. And then again, this process would just continue until you feel like you have a rock solid, airtight logical and emotional marketing argument that proves that your unique mechanism is undeniably the superior option. That your unique mechanism is undeniable, undeniably the best way for the prospect to experience the primary promise to solve the problem or fulfill the desire. So look guys, I hope you guys got some value from this.

If you did leave a comment below, let me know because I'm happy to do this more often, um, in the group with you guys and share these insights with you. If you have specific questions, just go ahead and drop them in the comments and I'll do my best to answer them for you. And also just to let you guys know, I do work with clients one-on-one to help them engineer their marketing campaigns. I help them identify and name the unique mechanisms in their specific marketing and their business. So I dive into their marketing, their business, help them identify and name their unique mechanism, and then together over a handful of one-on-one done with you coaching sessions, I help them to craft and engineer the airtight logical and emotional argument that proves why the mechanism is the superior option.

If this is something that any of you think you would get game changing value from, just comment value below and I'll shoot you a message, a DM and we can talk further about that. But other than that, that's all I have for you guys today. I hope you got value out of this specific thing. And like I said, if you did, let me know 'cause I'm happy to do this more often. See you guys next time.
