---
title: "May 2019"
date: 2019-05-31
duration: 1h 25m
duration_seconds: 5140
vimeo_id: 339662711
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# May 2019

**Date:** 2019-05-31 | **Duration:** 1h 25m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Welcome to this A&M Masterclass. This is called the Covert Campaign. And this is how to use a free offer to get paid customers. Really what you're going to see is a really a low hurdle,
low barrier of entry funnel. An actual full campaign that uniquely leverages a soft offer.

Now, if you're not familiar with what a soft offer is,
a soft offer is where your prospects pay nothing today. They get to experience the product or service,
and then they pay and they only pay if they love it. And you're going to see how this campaign is so savvy. It's just so slick how it uniquely leverages a soft offer
to increase your conversion rate while bringing you more money and more customers
than if you just sent straight to a hard offer. Now, I've been using this kind of covert campaign for a number of years.

You're going to see kind of some snippets of some copy from one of our covert campaigns. Now, I want to give a little bit of credit where credit is due. I saw the early iteration or the early version of a piece of this from my buddy Russell Brunson
about four years ago. Actually, Russell Brunson and Dagan Smith. And we adapted it and then it evolved.

It's evolved over the last handful of years as technology has evolved
and the marketplace has evolved. And so I just wanted to give a little credit of where credit where credit's due to Russell. And so what you're going to see is you're going to see this campaign
and this is the overview of the campaign. And what I'm going to do for you today is I'm going to break down each piece. I'm going to show you the nuances.

I'm going to show you some of the extremely savvy elements. I'm going to tell you what goes on what page and why. I'm going to show you the timeline, the emails, you name it. We're going to go through everything. Now, it's really important for you to understand that this is not a lead generating campaign.

We're not talking about you rolling out a campaign just to generate leads. This is a moneymaker. In other words, this is a sales generator. This is designed to bring you money, not just leads. Buyers, not just leads.

Now, at the core, at the crux of this campaign is you're going to see there is this web class over here. And it's the soft offer on this web class. There are actually two soft offers in this campaign. The first, the main, the critical soft offer is on the web class. Now, I want to give you some numbers because I've talked about using a soft offer before.

You know, a soft offer, the kind, you know, a soft offer again is pay nothing today. And then only if you love it in a week, in three days, in 21 days, in 30 days, um, will you pay the amount? That's a soft offer. A hard offer is the typical offer that you see out in the marketplace. Hard offer is pay 49 bucks today or 97 bucks today and, and get the product.

And then if you don't love it, you know, you can get a refund, you know, for years, some of the best direct response marketers built monster businesses off the back of soft offers. A soft offer is an incredibly powerful way of acquiring new customers because you're really delivering results. First, you're delivering results up front. You're giving your prospects the opportunity to see that you deliver the goods before they spend a single penny. And so with that type of offer, your conversion rate is almost always, uh, a multiple of what it is on the hard offer.

And so the big issue is that what a lot of, what a lot of marketers, what a lot of entrepreneurs are afraid of is a lot of entrepreneurs are afraid that either people won't like their product. And, and so they'll get a bunch of, uh, of non, you know, people that don't pay non payers, um, or right. That people will beat them, meaning that people will get over on them, that they'll get a lot of buyers. People will get an experience, the product or service, especially if it's a digital information product, let's say. Um, and then a lot of people just won't, uh, won't pay for it.

And they're afraid that they're going to wind up with a lot less money. It's kind of one of those things where it's, you know, the need for immediate gratification, a lot of entrepreneurs, most entrepreneurs, most marketers, they want the money today. They want it. They feel good about the money today, even if the money today is less than what it could be, um, in the future. But the reality is that with a soft offer, you could wind up with substantially more money very quickly, especially with the covert campaign.

Like I'm going to show you compared to the hard offer, you're just delaying it a bit. And so if we look at the typical campaign, the typical campaign getting, let's say, let's say we got a hundred visitors and let's say you're doing okay on the typical hard offer, uh, uh, and you're getting a 2% sales conversion. So a 2% sales conversion means you're getting two customers on a hundred visitors at $97 a pop, for example, that is $194. Now on a soft offer, it's not uncommon to get 6% and higher. And I'll tell you that these are conservative.

This is a conservative number because we've had soft offers that did 10%, 9%, um, certainly 8%. So this is a conservative number. Now let's say you get a 6% conversion on these hundred visitors. That is six people, six buyers at $97. But now let's say 25% of those people, which is also a, it's, uh, it's usually less than that.

If you're delivering the goods, let's say now 25%, one out of every four people tell you that they don't want to pay, right? So now one out of every four tell you they do not want to pay. Well, the hard offer compared to the soft offer, the soft offer still brings in double the initial revenue,
even with 25% of the people saying that they do not want it, right? Even, even with 25% of the people saying they do not want it. Basically what you're in essence, you know, doing here, right?

Excuse me. You're getting 300% more new buyers. And even if only, um, even if only 75% pay, you're still winding up with double the buyers right now. Well, that's just the beginning because this is on the initial sale. This is assuming that you have one offer right here and that you don't sell anything else.

I'm not even talking about the backend. I'm talking on the front end that there's nothing else. But if you look at, let's say a complete funnel, right? So we already, we're already seeing that the, a soft offer can bring you 300% more new buyers
and double the revenue on the initial purchase, right? But if we add in additional AOV, additional AOV in this case is that's, that's AOV average
order value above and beyond the 97.

This is assuming that you've got a bump offer, an upsell or downsell or an add-on offer,
or maybe a second, uh, upsell offer, um, et cetera. And let's say that, um, this campaign is worth an additional $30 per buyer. Well, look on the hard offer, you've got two buyers at an additional $30 of AOV. That means you add an additional $60, but on the soft offer, because you got the six customers
right at the same additional AOV. Now you got $180.

What that means is that you've collected three times the additional revenue, additional AOV,
just from this, um, just from having a soft offer. And you could play around with this. The reality is like, if you have a really crappy product that doesn't, that doesn't fulfill
and you had a 50% non-payment 50%, which typically, like I said, 25% would be high. If you had a 50% non-payment, you are still doing better with the soft offer, not just on
the initial collection, but through the additional, um, AOV. And so the numbers just make sense.

You've got to get over your fear of not collecting the money upfront. You've got to get over your fear of not collecting the money upfront because you're actually leaving
money on the table by not leveraging the power of a soft offer. So let's start with the very first piece in the, the covert campaign. The very first piece is you are sending folks to a web class registration, you can, uh, registration
page. This is not a free offer.

This is a soft offer. And I'm going to give you the details in just a second. So the thing that I want you to remember is that, that I want you to consider is that this
is closer to a sales page for a product than it is a typical webinar registration page. So we're not here to just, um, get webinar registrants. This is an offer that you are presenting a $97 web class, a $97 piece of education, piece
of information.

And I'm going to give you topics in just a second. And so this needs to be sold as if you were using a hard offer. This is not a lead generator. This is not a webinar registration. This is, you are marketing and selling a web class.

Now I want to talk a little bit about some topic ideas for you because, and you're going
to see later on how this comes into play, like why this is important. And so there's a few different kind of go-to topic ideas that we've leveraged with tremendous
success with these type of paid web classes. So number one is of course, the typical go-to is what to do, right? So this is what, you know, what to do to grow bigger tomatoes, what to do to lose weight,
what to do to attract the mate of your life. This is the typical, very straightforward, what to do.

The difference here is that we are not going into, um, the how to, we're not going into the
nitty gritty detail here on what it is that you're teaching. You're teaching them exactly what to do. You're just not getting into the how to. And this is like the, the basic kind of common, uh, masterclass, uh, that, um, that you can
teach. Then there is how to do things, right?

So this might be, uh, this might be, for example, how to lose weight. And you're actually getting into things like, you know, um, you know, calculate your basal
metabolic rate, calculate your daily caloric requirement, and you're, you're telling them
or showing them how to do things, but there's, there's more that they need to know to be able
to do it on their own. So for example, this is a perfect type of web class to offer if you are actually providing a
service for folks. So let's say you were providing a, um, a service, a search engine optimization service to folks
where they could pay you to actually have you do their search engine rankings and, and, uh,
and, you know, get their search engine rankings, set up all their pages and whatnot. Well, you could actually show them what to do and how to do it, right?

Uh, you could show them how to, you know, uh, like, uh, um, set up the title tags for their
pages. You could show them how to do, um, linking, but there may be more tools that they need. There may be, they, they, they may need to understand how to set up a domain name. For example, you know, buy a domain name. They may need to set up their hosting a certain way, right?

So you're showing them what to do and how to do it, but there's more information that
they need to know to be able to, um, do it on their own. A great example of this is years ago, I actually sold many, many, many moons ago. I sold a high ticket, um, uh, training to chiropractors all about setting up their, their website
to acquire new patients and part of the, uh, part of the initial education that I gave
them part of the initial class, so to speak, that I gave them was showing them how to do
it. But there were things that I intentionally, uh, um, treated as if they knew already. Like I talked about things like, you know, I said, all right, once you've got your hosting
set up, once you've, excuse me, registered a domain name and, um, and gotten hosting
for your domain name, here are the first three things that you do, right?

Here's what you do next. Here's what you do after that. Here's what you do after that. And so I showed them what to do. I showed them what to do first, second, third, fourth, and fifth, but I didn't show them how
to buy a domain name and set up the hosting.

I treated as, as if kind of, they, they already knew that, but I knew that they didn't know
that. And so all I was doing was, was showing them the, you know, giving them value and showing
them the potential payoff of SEO and what goes into it, but really they still needed to know
more, which is what led them to, uh, to ultimately, uh, uh, participate in that higher ticket program. So it, it gave me the opportunity to, uh, to present an offer in the end to have me do it all
for them. Next is right. You can show them a piece of what to do and how to do it, but not everything.

So a great example of this is I could take, for example, the E5 method, and I could pull
out one piece and I could drill deep on that one piece. I could take the big idea if I wanted to, and I could teach all about the big idea and
I could teach what to do and how to do it. I could give them the formula. I could show them examples. I can do it all right, but it's really incomplete because it's not the entire E5 method, which
allows me to then follow up with an offer for the complete E5 method.

This just as a side note is why we put out books about the big idea, why we have a book
coming out about the unique mechanism, because while these deliver value and while these tell
folks what to do, it's incomplete. They still need the rest if they want the full picture. And so before I even go on to the next topic, the thing that I want you to understand here
is that what this allows you to do is this allows you to deliver value. This allows you to teach, to educate, to give, to give your folks aha moments, right? To actually teach and deliver value.

But it's how you are teaching. It's what you are saying and what you are not saying, what you're including and what
you're not including that actually will set up the next sale. So during the web class, if you tell them how to do things or if you give them a piece and
you drill real deep, it's going to feel incredibly valuable. It is going to be incredibly valuable. But when we circle back, as I'm going to show you to the offer at the end of the web
class, it is, it perfectly sets up the sale.

You could tell folks what not to do, right? So I want you to think about this for one second. You could have a web class and I want you to think about the value of just recognizing some
of these topic ideas that we've used successfully. You could teach folks like what not to do, the top 10 mistakes to avoid when saving for
retirement, right? And you can go into detail.

The top 10 mistakes are the top 10 blunders that will kill your likelihood of retirement
at the age of 60, right? And you just go piece by piece by piece. The beauty of a web class like that is it allows you to deliver value. It allows you to teach, it allows you to educate, it allows you to establish your expertise
and your positioning, but what it doesn't do is it doesn't tell them what to do, right? They, they still need, they still, they understand what not to do, but now what should they do?

Well, that sets you up to make an offer. So you're still delivering value. You're still educating. You're still giving them an aha. You're still moving them closer to, to avoiding what they shouldn't be doing, but they still
need you to know what to do.

There's what we call the difference between, you know, quote unquote, winners and losers. This is really kind of like the difference between, um, you know, uh, a successful realtor
and a struggling realtor, right? The top 10 differences, the top six differences, the key differences, the key character traits
between successful, um, successful, you know, realtors and unsuccessful realtors between,
you know, wealthy, uh, entrepreneurs and struggling entrepreneurs, right? And so that's kind of, you're, you're, you're, you're teaching them. And like I said, it could be characteristics.

It could be the, it could be the daily, um, schedule. It could be the life of a, you know, a day in the life of a winning, uh, you know, uh,
athlete versus a struggling athlete, again, all incredibly valuable, but the beauty is that
they understand the difference by the time that they're done with the masterclass, uh,
or excuse me, the web class, but how do they do it? How do they actually become and live out that day in the life of a winner? That's what they need you for. There's of course what to do, but not necessarily the best way to do it.

So for example, you could certainly, um, you, if let's say you were selling a software
on, um, on SEO, for example, how to get search engine rankings. Well, you could have a web class that's all about how to get top rankings, right? And you show them the top five, you know, ways of doing it manually, getting backlinks
and setting this and that, and right. So you're showing them and you're telling them what to do. You're showing them what to do.

You're telling them and explaining to them why it works, but it's not necessarily the
best way, meaning because in the end, you could let them know that there is a faster and
easier way to do this. If they're willing to make a little investment in the process, and then you could introduce
your software, right? Which shortcuts the entire process. So you're showing them all way. It's just not the, um, the best way.

So if they don't want to make an investment, right? If they're not willing to make an investment, you still taught them what to do. You still shown them all way. You still delivered value. You still set them up for success, but it's just not the, um, the best way.

Of course, if you're doing something like this, if you are choosing this kind of topic
for your web class, you want to make sure that what you're going to offer in the, in
the end is the best way, right? Is the best way. And so, uh, you just want to make sure that it, what to do is congruent with the, uh, the
best way. Hopefully that makes sense. You could also do a detailed case study.

So you could do a detailed case study of yourself, or you could do a detailed case study of a
client or customer. And so if you've got a customer that, you know, a customer or client that went from struggling
to success, or that went from newbie to expert, or that went from zero to a million, or that
went from no garden to, you know, being featured in architectural digest or whatever, uh, for their
backyard garden, uh, you can give a detailed case study. This is not meant to be like, right, this is, this is not meant to be a testimonial. This is not meant to be fluff. This is a detailed in-depth case study, step-by-step date by date, you know, a timeline out of what
they did so that an individual can see exactly what was done to go from, you know, from zero
to whatever.

And it's, it's interesting, you know, there are, there are actually books, uh, that are
really all about case studies in a variety of different markets. Like I remember a couple of years ago, there was a book from a guy who, uh, I think he had
one like infusion soft marketer of the year. And he went from like zero to, I don't even know, you know, a million, let's just say for
argument's sake, a million dollars in 12 months. He went from a brand new, you know, zero new business, new account infusions off to
a million dollars in 12 months. And the entire book was just a dissection, uh, of his case study of what he did on day
one.

It was almost like a peek into his diary of what he did day one. He did this, he launched this, he set up this, he called this person day two, he did
this, he did this all the way through, right? Showed on, you know, on month number four, he took a one week vacation. He read this book and then he came back and he implemented X, Y, Z, a detailed case study,
incredibly valuable. If it is detailed, this could be for you.

This could also be for a client or customer, like I said. And then finally there's the kind of, you know, I labeled this as dirty little secrets. This is kind of like, this is, you know, underneath this is things like you can have a masterclass
on the, the, the six things that, you know, the professional, uh, you know, financial advisors
don't want you to know, um, what your mutual fund manager, um, doesn't tell you about saving
on fees, right? What hedge fund folks don't want you to know about doubling your money, um, how, you know,
what, uh, or, or how the, uh, professional, uh, you know, folks keep you from getting in
on the latest IPOs, right? So it's all like, it's what you don't know, what you're not being told, what's being kept
from you, what's being hidden, uh, you know, and this could be applied to so many, so many
different things, what the expensive fertilizer makers don't want you to know, uh, you know,
about how to do your own fertilizer or how to save, you know, 80% on your fertilizer, right?

And so it's, um, it's all about the position. These are great topic ideas, uh, for this type of web class, because I just want to say
it again, this is a paid web class. This is not a free webinar. This is not a pitch. This is not your, your typical, you know, sales webinar where you're giving three secrets
and you know, that are really not three secrets at all that where there's very little teaching.

This is a paid web class. And as you're going to see, we are though, going to make another offer at the end of this
paid web class, these topics, these type of topic ideas allow you to deliver massive
value, allow you to teach while at the same time, setting up the sale of what it is that
you're going to offer at the end of this web class. And so just keep that in mind. Now the offer here, as I mentioned is a soft offer. The offer here is paying 97 bucks after the web class.

Only if you love it, this is paying $97 after the web class. Only if you love it. I want to show you, this is, oh, let me just see something here. Okay. So this is taken from one of our, um, one of our sales pages running this, uh, or one
of our web class sales pages running this covert, uh, campaign.

This is, uh, man, this is, I think the first time that we use this. This is actually before the E5 method was around when I was teaching just EBM, um, content. Now what I had done is I ran this web class live and then what we did was we evergreened
it. And so you're going to see some copy here that is, um, is for the evergreen version,
but it's very similar. If you're doing this, um, live, it just says at the bottom, yes, Todd, I understand that
I'll be billed zero right now to get instant access to the entire four hour bootcamp.

So see instant access is because like I said, it's evergreen. So I can see exactly how it doubles my sales conversion. I understand I got three days to try everything and prove that it works to bring
me back a lot more income from every, from any marketing funnel. If any time within the next three D three days, I don't feel it was worth my time. I can simply email you using the secret email address that you give out at the end of the
training and I won't pay a dime.

And this we're going to come back to, if I love it, feel it was incredibly valuable
and see how we'll at least double my sales converted. I, I, um, I do nothing and I'll be billed just one payment of 97 bucks. That's all. Give me access today. You pay zero after, uh, only after three days and only if you love it, will you be charged
97, a $97 one-time fee unless you cancel before then.

And you'll never be billed anything. See, so this is presented as a soft offer, even at the top of the, um, at the top of
the page, it was presented as pay nothing. Try it first, right? Try before you buy, see for yourself before you pay a dime, that sort of positioning. And then, uh, they're given the opportunity to, to pay nothing right now.

Uh, and then this is important. This is language that you want on the page, right? Like, um, you can simply send in an email using the secret email address that you'll
get at the end of the training, using the secret email address that you will get at the
end of the training. And you'll see when we circle back to present this at the, uh, almost at the end of the,
um, the training. And so once they click on this button over here on this sales page for this web class
with the soft offer, what happens is they come to the order form.

Now here is where a little magic begins to, um, begins to happen. So on the order form, there are two payment options. And let me just say this very quickly for you, kind of a deeper, a deeper lesson, a deeper
marketing lesson that it's not just what you offer and it's not just the offer. It is how you present, excuse me, the offer. So it's not just what you're offering, but it's how you present what you're offering and
when you present what you are offering.

So let me explain what I mean by that. I just took a drink. So, so let me, let me show you on the order form. There are two payment options. There is the full pay with the trial, meaning, you know, you pay zero today and you know,
uh, um, 97, uh, after the web class, only if you love it, right?

This is the offer that we were able to present on the sales page. So the offer that we presented on this page is the first payment option. It's pay nothing. And then at the end, um, you know, after the web class and only if you love it, do you pay
97, but you want to give a second option on the order form where somebody can prepay right
now. They can pay before the web class and they get a discount where it's only 64 bucks, right?

So you're going to get a percentage granted. It'll be a minor percentage. It'll be a small percentage. It'll be probably somewhere under, um, 20%, probably closer to 15%, give or take. Uh, but you're going to get a percentage of people that pay right away.

They just pay the discount. And so this allows you to collect a little money from a small percentage of people, um,
upfront. It also allows you to identify your hottest buyers, the people that are, you know, because
the people that are ready to pay now that don't need, they are people that obviously
have a level of trust for you. They, uh, they know that you deliver the goods. That's a good thing to know.

The people that identify, right? That take that prepay option. So you've got these two payment options right here, and then you want to bump offer option
on the page. And what you want to make the bump offer option on this order form is you want to make the,
uh, you want to offer them the video recording, the audio, the, um, transcript, handouts,
and a simple cheat sheet that's delivered to them in one week. And you want it, you want it to say delivered in one week.

This is if you're doing it live, right? If you're doing it, if, if you, if it's evergreen, it would be, um, excuse me, it would be in four
days. And so I want you to think about this for one second. So number one over here, video recording, no big deal, right? When you deliver the web class, you're going to record it.

The audio, no big deal. You just extract it right out of the, um, video transcript, no big deal. You take the audio and you send it over to, uh, something like, you know, Temi, or there's
these extremely cheap, you know, machine based transcription services. Um, now handouts are the slide deck that you use. So if you're using a PowerPoint or keynote, you would just print out the, the note taking
version, the cheat sheet.

I would just make a one page PDF out of the key points that you want them to take away
and boom. So you literally have got, you, you, you record the thing, you extract the audio, you have
the audio turned into a transcript. You give the, a PDF version of your slides, and then you make a cheat sheet and you offer
it for 19 bucks right on the order form. So you got the two payment options. You got a discount if they prepay right now before the web class, and then you've got a
bump offer at 19 bucks.

The bump offer, you should see a take rate of right around 20% on that, on that bump offer,
meaning that that bump offer adds $3 and 80 cents to every single, um, buyer, um, right
away, remember, see the, the thing to really recognize is that, um, the beauty is that once
we collect the credit card, even though we're not billing right now, we have the, we have
the ability to monetize that customer, right. To actually generate revenue here and now, right now, um, with, uh, excuse me, with, uh,
with that buyer. And so that's the beauty, even though you're not taking any money right now, you're still
collecting their credit card on the order form. You still have the chance to monetize with the bump offer and on the add on offer, the
add on offer, an add on offer is, uh, you know, some people refer to it as an upsell. I refer to an add on offer.

I refer to an upsell offer that is actually priced lower than the main offer as an add on
offer. You're not upselling. You're not asking for more money. You are, you're adding something on to the, um, to the offer. And so in this case, this is really straightforward stuff over here.

Um, you're going to offer, you're going to, there's going to be an add on offer, something
else that your folks can buy, um, that is related to the topic of the masterclass that
you're going to price at $49. Now there's a couple of things that are critical here. Congruence is key. And what I mean by this is that you're not just throwing together an add on offer. You're not just throwing up a page and offering something, you know, something else to these
folks, like whatever it is that you've got on your hard drive, whatever it is that you've
got an inventory, whatever it is that you've already done.

It's your job to think about what is it that these people would want? What is it that they've identified themselves as being interested in by registering for,
by signing up for this paid web class? What is it that they're interested in? What is it that they need to know? What is it that they want to know?

What is it that they would find valuable that is congruent with what it is that they've already
identified themselves as being interested in? And with this kind of offer here at $49, you want to make this a lopsided value proposition,
lopsided in their favor. That means that I want you to think about, I want you to take something right that you
think is legitimately value valued at 10 times this $49, whether it is a bundle that you put
together, a combination of things, one particular thing, I want you to put together something
that legitimately has a $500 value and your job here is to present it for $49 your job here. And really, this is your job always when putting together every offer for that matter is to
make your prospects say, well, why wouldn't I do this? Why wouldn't I add this to the offer, to my order?

You see, this is extremely important. This particular offer right here is an extremely important offer for two main reasons. Number one, right? The higher the take rate on this, the higher your payment rate will be on your paid web
class, on your soft offer web class. The higher your take rate on the add-on offer, the higher your payment rate will be on the
web class.

And so you get above 30% take rate on this and mark my words, you will have above a 90%
payment rate on your soft offer masterclass. That means that only, you know, one out of 10 people will ask not to be charged on that. That is monstrous. The other thing here is that this gives us upfront money, right? So this helps us at 30%, this offer right here contributes $14.70 immediately, right?

So you take this $14.70 and you take this, um, this bump offer right here, call it $4, right? And we are almost, whoops, and we're almost at $19 of value from every registrant, excuse
me, from every registrant. And that's if nobody took the discount, uh, to pay in advance. Meaning that's if everybody took the soft offer, you're now at $19 of registrant value, $19
of registrant value means that you are approaching just with, with just that, right? With just that you are, uh, already approaching a value, uh, that can be leveraged with cold
traffic just from that.

So this is extremely important. I want you to think about, it's, it's my job to make this offer a no brainer at the
$49 price point. So don't start to play around with the price point. Don't make it 69. Don't make it 79.

It's $49. It's a $49 add on offer on a $97 soft offer web class. Now, after this, you bring them to a confirmation page and I don't care so much about what is
on the confirmation page with the exception of one element on this page. And that is this, you want to provide an instantly downloadable fill in the blank web class guide. So you basically want to give them an implementation or execution guide that they are going to use
when they go through the web class with you.

Kind of like a, you know, it's, it's a, it's, you know, a fill in the blank. It's to help them pay attention. It's to help them identify the most important points of the web class, what it is that you
are presenting, like to make sure that they get massive value. But here is the thing that I want you to understand that it is created as an attendance boosting
tool. So it, it serves a dual purpose with the primary, primary purpose being that it's an attendance
boosting tool.

So in other words, the dual purpose and attendance boosting tool, as well as helping your, um,
your registrants get the most value from the, um, from the web class. Now understand something here, right? I want you to get this. I want you to think about something for just one second that maybe you've heard that in,
uh, you know, online today that the show rate on webinars is in the toilet. And it typically is right.

If you can get a 30% show rate, 30% of people to show up live for your web class, you're doing,
um, you're doing really great, right? 30% show 70%, um, don't. This is vastly different because this is a paid web class. And so it's not uncommon for you to see the reverse for you to see a 70% attendance rate,
a 30% non attendance, um, uh, rate because it is a paid web class. Remember that on that registration page, on the sales page for the web class, we said that,
um, that if they did not want to be charged for it, that they can just use the email address
given out at the end of the web class.

See that also serves as an attendance boosting tool, because if they want to be able to, uh,
not be charged, they need to attend the web class in order to get the, the secret email
address to, um, to cancel. And so this is another way that we, uh, drive people to attend. You want to create, and this is typically, you know, uh, it's typically three, four,
maybe five pages, very easy to put together. It doesn't have to be super duper, you know, graphically, you know, like a super duper,
uh, killer graphic, uh, graphically designed thing or anything like that. But you want to, you want to create this fill in the blank guide as if you were writing bullets,
meaning you want to create mystery, curiosity.

You want to build value around what it is that they are going to learn. See, what's going to happen is the overwhelming majority of people that register for the,
um, register for the web class, you know, again, whether they take the soft offer, whether
they prepay with and get the discount, whether they take the bump, whether they take the add
on or not, they're going to come to this confirmation page. And the very first thing that they're going to do is download and open the, um, the web
class guide because they want kind of confirmation that they made a great decision by registering. They want confirmation that they're going to get the goods and see the goods, um, in this web
class. And so really you're, you want to continue to build that mystery, build that curiosity,
build that excitement.

You want fill in the blanks to be written by bullet written as, as if they were bullets,
like, you know, the number one way to blah, blah, blah, or the number one, if you're,
if you were doing something like mistakes, right. Uh, you know, if you were doing dirty little secrets, it's like, you know, the number one
thing, you know, professional, uh, you know, financial advisors don't want you to know is
blank, right? Like you're, you're doing it so that you're reinforcing the value that folks are going to
get when they attend. This is critical. After this, what we're going to do is we are going to use a, an intensification process.

So many years ago I taught, uh, what I call the webinar intensification sequence. It was something that I really discovered with Rich Sheffrin being done by our buddy
Clayton make piece when he was running the marketing over at, um, Weiss financial. And this is basically, and you're going to see the timeline in, in just a few minutes,
how this all kind of comes together, what this looks like. But what we're doing here is we are leaking out content that builds value around attending. Again, this is a, another attendance boosting tool.

So we've got that, uh, we've got that little blurb on the registration page that says, you
know, um, if, you know, if you don't want to be charged, just use the secret email that
you'll get at the end of the training. We've got the fill in the blank guide. And now we've got this web class intensification sequence, this three part, three part sequence. This can be, um, you know, essays, blog posts. This can be a video or excuse me, video.

This can be audio, or this could be any combination of those, of those things. And so basically what happens is I want you to imagine somebody registers for the web class. They take the, you know, maybe they take the bump offer. They don't take the add on, they take the bump, they take the add on, whatever it may be. Um, and, uh, and then they go to that confirmation page to download the, um, to download the guide.

Now they're going to get the first intensification piece. The first intensification piece is really just the what and the why now. And this is very similar to what it is that I do or how I structure launch campaign. What I mean by that is what it is, what, what are you talking about on the, uh, on the web class
and why is now critical? Like why is now important?

So whether you're talking about like the difference between winners and losers, you know, it's
what, what you're going to be talking about, like, and why now, why is it critical that
your prospect get this information now? If you're talking about dirty little secrets, right? That's the, the, what that you're talking about and kind of breaking it down of what,
what you're going to be talking, but why now, why is it important now? The why now, the why now is the most critical part is the, is the critical part of these
two. Why now?

Because this is creating urgency around getting the, um, getting the content. Why right now? And so, um, the next piece, which you'll see is the next day is the benefits of the content. So in the first part of the first intensification piece, and if this was a video, let's just
say this could be five minutes. Really?

That's, that's really it. It could be a five minute video. What, what we're going to be talking about and why now is critical. And I would say that this is 80, that this is 80, 20, right? So this is 80% and this is 20%.

So the first 20% is what we're going to be talking, what you're going to be learning. And again, all of this is we're intensifying the reason to attend the web class, right? What we're going to be talking about and why now. The second piece is now the benefits of the what, meaning like the, like, right with what
it is that you're going to learn on this masterclass, you're going to experience
this and this, you'll be able to do this, which means you can have this and this and
this, I'm going to teach you LMNOP, which will allow you to do this. And I want you to think about the impact on your garden.

If you can do this, when you, this, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right. And so again, another call it five minute video, uh, um, of the benefits of the content. And then the third intensification piece is a, a day in the life snapshot. This is like basically the gist of this video or this piece of content is after the web
class, you will, your, your, your life will look like this after this web class, your practice
will look like this after the web class. Here's what you'll experience with your diet.

Here's what you'll experience with your weight loss. Here's what your workouts will be like in the, in the gym, right? So you are giving a day in the life of somebody that attended the web class. This is not a day in the life of just an ordinary person or a day in the life of a customer or
day in the life of a product user. This is a day in the life of somebody after they've learned what it is that you're going
to teach on the web class and implemented it and are now benefiting from it.

And you want to end all intensification pieces with what I call an attendance plug, right? Something as simple as, and that's why you want to make sure that you're ready to learn
this Thursday at 8 PM New York time, uh, because that's when our masterclass, that's when our
web class, that's when our web stream happens. And so make sure it's in your calendar and I'll see you then, right? Even though this is a paid masterclass or a paid web class, you still want to remind them
you still need to drive for attendance. And that's why we are, um, we're doing this now.

Let's talk about the actual live web class itself. Number one, and I said this earlier, uh, and this is important. This is critical is you teach, you deliver value. This is not a, a sales webinar. This is not a setup to sell them something else.

You are teaching, you are delivering value. You are giving, giving, giving. It's why I love this, this kind of method, because really the reality is that the more you
give, the more you teach, the better your offer in the end of this, uh, as you'll see in a
second is going to, uh, excuse me, is going to perform. Here is where you give the goods. I recommend that you go anywhere from 90 minutes to 120 minutes.

So anywhere from an hour and a half to, to two hours, um, you are teaching, you're sharing,
you're educating, you're going the distance. Cause again, this is a paid resource for folks at the end of that 90 to 20 minutes of
education. You want to kind of give a recap and establish a dollar value of what it is that you just
shared. What do I mean by establish a dollar value? Like what if you're teaching gardening or something like that?

Well, like, look, if you just taught them how to save on their, um, you know, fertilizer
by doing their own, by making their own, you know, home fertilizer or whatever. Um, well you could say like, look, if you take and use what it is that I just shared with
you over the course of a year, this is, this will save you $362 or on average $360, right? Like you want to establish a dollar value. You want to make sure really what you're doing here is that you are demonstrating that you
delivered the goods. You're demonstrating that you delivered far more than the $97, uh, soft offers, $97 price
point.

This is very important at the end of your education that you do a recap. And that recap is, you know, you're, you're talking, you know, 30 seconds, 45 seconds recap,
but you are making sure that you demonstrate how you delivered more actual value than the
$97, uh, that they are going to, um, to pay at that point. That is where you transition into the, um, you know, into the, so, you know, was it worth
it? Was it worth it for you to attend this masterclass at, uh, you know, at just $97 now that you
know how to do LMNOP, which can save you this, or which can make you this, or which can give
you this. Well, if you don't feel like it was worth just $97, then here's the special, um, address
where you can shoot me over an email.

Let me know. You don't want to be charged and you won't be charged. But if you're like most folks on here and you found this wildly valuable, let me ask,
is it okay if I give you guys a special opportunity, a special offer, a, you know, whatever, however
it is that you want to say it, the, the, the actual wording or phraseology here is, is
rather insignificant, um, to might be to take your gardening skills to a different level,
to learn how to, to be able to blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? So in essence, what you are doing is you're teaching, you're delivering extraordinary value,
right? For, uh, an hour and a half, two hours.

Then you are recapping what it is that you showed them and establishing the actual dollar
value, the financial value, the financial payoff. Then you're asking, was it worth it? You're giving this special email address, and then you're really asking permission for them
to ask their permission for you to present a special offer, at which point you are going
to present a mid ticket soft offer. Mid ticket is obviously all relative based on your marketplace, but here is the beauty
of this. What you're going to do is you are going to, uh, do a, another soft offer.

You'll understand why, uh, like how to also monetize this right away. Uh, but a mid ticket soft offer where they pay nothing for 21 days. Now, before we go on, right? So it's a, it's, you remember something that you just got, right? You just got, um, and I'm going to tell you, I'm going to give you an advanced way to present
this or rather a savvy way to present this.

So remember something that, excuse me, that you, you're going to have substantially better
attendance on this because it is paid. You're also going to have more people that pay for it because it is a soft offer. And now you're giving them an easy way to say yes, right here, right? You, you got a lot more people on here. You just delivered the goods.

You just established that you delivered value. You just asked permission to present an offer. Now you're going to present a mid ticket, um, offer. And what I recommend you, you do here is I recommend you present the retail costs. Let's just say, I'm just going to give you an example right here and say something like,
uh, you know, that this is 296, right?

So you're going to present a mid ticket offer. It's going to have a 296 price point. And then what you, what you can do, you don't have to do this, but this is a very savvy way
to do this, you present it as 296. And then you say, and what I'm going to do is for, um, for all of you, uh, I'm going to
take, and I'm going to give you a $97 credit, the $97 that you guys paid for this web class. I'm going to give you a full $97, making this free, bringing this down to just, um, to just
199, which you don't even pay today.

You can enjoy the product for the next 21 days. And then it's only 199 because what you do is you're now burning a hole in their pocket. Whoops. For the, um, for the 97, this, sorry about that. Uh, so what you're doing is you're basically, you are burning a hole in their pocket for the,
um, for the $97, right?

But remember something that now after this masterclass, everybody, everybody, uh, that
is okay with you billing them is still going to be billed. Even though you're giving them a credit, a $97 credit off of the future purchase, the future
payment in 21 days of this mid ticket soft offer, the $97 that they paid for, or that they will
be paying or that their credit card will be charged will still be going through, right? It'll still be going through. All you did was just deduct that from the cost of this particular, um, this particular, uh,
um, product over here. And so hopefully that makes sense.

If you've got a question about that, let, um, let me know. Cause I don't want you to think like, I, you know, immediately when I've shared this before,
you know, folks were like, I don't understand. I've just presented a soft offer for the web class. Now I'm presenting a soft offer here. When do I see the money?

You're now seeing the money coming in from the web class, right? And now all, all you're doing was kind of in essence, giving a discount, which you can
adjust the price. Like if you wanted to, if you felt that, like if you're, if it was normally 296, right. And you want it to collect 296, you could just make it, you know, 396 or whatever it is,
and then give them a $97, um, discount, $97 credit, uh, um, on it and bring it down to
296, right? So the, the $97 payment for the web class is going to go through period.

And then you just made it easy for them to say, yes, remember we got maximum people on
this web class. We got maximum people on this web class so we could deliver maximum value. So we could bill the maximum number of people, the $97 and exceed their expectations. And then we presented another offer for that made it easy for them to say, yes, depending
on the technology that you have. If you have advanced technology, like something like Infusionsoft, you can actually just send
them to a page that has them click a button and says, yes, I want this.

And underneath the button, it says, by clicking this button, you agree to pay one 99 in, you
know, in 21 days. If you don't have that kind of advanced technology, then you can just send them right back to an
order form where it's the same thing. It's very similar to the web class order form where it's, it's, um, it's pay nothing. If you really want it to get super advanced on the order form for this guy, you could do
the same thing that we did on the web class where you give them the ability to just pay
up front right now. And instead of one 99, it's one 49 or whatever, if you really wanted to, um, to do that, uh,
um, to do that right now.

Now let me show you a couple of other, um, things. So web class replay, we're going to talk about the web class replay is for the people that,
um, that don't, that didn't attend the, um, the live class and that, um, didn't cancel
their payment. Um, very straightforward, no controls for the video on the first visit, delayed add
to cart button on the, on the first visit. And then, um, on the second visit going forward, the controls, um, can be displayed and the
add to cart button can be displayed. If you don't know how to do this, this is actually a lot easier than you think, but you can post
in Slack for Teddy, uh, you can ask him for the code, little piece of code to show, uh,
to redirect to a second page, um, or a different page, uh, on second visit.

Basically it, it, it, it works like this. It's kind of, there's a couple of different ways to do this, but it's very simple. Let's just say this is the first visit page, right? So we've got the video here and then there is no controls and then there's a delayed button. Well, there's a piece of code that would drop a cookie on, you know, onto the, um, on the
browser of the, the visitor.

And then when they tried to come back, it would check for that cookie and then it would redirect
them to a different version of the page. One that has the controls at the bottom and one that has the button displayed, right? And then every time, anytime they just went here, it would just redirect them to this. So first time they go here, no controls, delayed at the cart button. If they come back controls with the button displayed, very, very, very, very, um, simple.

Now let's cover, uh, and you'll be able to go back and watch the recording of this, but
now let's cover the, uh, email timeline. This is really a seven day campaign. So this can be delivered over the course of seven days. When you first roll this out, I recommend that you do this live. Don't try to ever green this bad boy or automate it, um, right off the bat.

We run a lot more things manual, manually, like with broadcasts, then you likely, um, realize,
uh, I like, especially when we're doing something initially doing things manually first, because
it allows us to kind of make sure that everything is being done in the right time and that there's
no hiccups or issues. And so here's the, the, the timeline for this bad boy. So on Monday, let's do this. So on Monday, which is day one, right? So we are going to, we are going to, uh, send an email to a registration email really to
your entire list.

So in the morning, you're going to send out a registration email, sending them over to
the web class, right? So it's kind of like, imagine that you are selling a product, you're, you're marketing
and selling, uh, you know, uh, uh, imagine that it wasn't a soft offer, whatever. You're going to send out an email and send them over to the, um, to the registration page. Uh, then at night, right. The people that clicked on this link, the people that clicked on this link, but did not register,
we're going to send them another email with a, a benefit email.

This is a benefit of the content. So this is kind of like, take one of the benefits that you mentioned in the, um, in
the second intensification piece and include it in here. Um, also PM on Monday, you're going to send an email to registrants. So to the people that did click and did register, you're going to send them an intensification
email. This is basically an email that sends them to the first intensification page, right?

And think of the first intensification page as kind of pre-launch content, meaning like
you're sending them to a page and it's got, you know, the first piece of, of content. It's got the first video on there. Tuesday in the AM, you're going to send the second registration email to non-clicks. So that's everybody on your house list who did not click on this first email. You are going to send them another registration, um, email for the people who did click yesterday,
the day before on Monday, who did click and didn't, didn't register.

We're going to send them another benefit email. And then also in the morning. So you can see that you can see that Monday is you got an AM and then you got two PMs Tuesday. It's all AM. There are three emails that are going out.

We're sending out the intensification email, uh, number two. Now, the thing that I want you to understand is, is that at the top of the, at the top of
the intensification page for, um, uh, uh, for part two intensification piece, number two
is a link to intensification page number one. So you're just giving them the ability to, you know, to consume that video, right? If they look, because let's say, um, let's say somebody registered Monday night after you
sent out this email. Well, when we send out this email and they go over to intensification page number two,
we want to include a link to send them, you know, for them to go over and click over to
intensification number one.

If they want to consume it next day, Wednesday is the same thing. It's another registration email to the non clicks on your house list. And then another benefit email for the clicks and no registrants. So this is all of the people that have clicked so far in any of these and haven't registered. They get a third benefit, um, email.

And then we send out another intensification email for intensification, uh, piece number
three. Now that's it for the house list. So the house list gets three emails and that's it. By this point, we're going to just make an assumption that if they did not click on any
of these, they're not interested in the topic. And then starting on Thursday, if you wanted, while the rest of this is going on, you could
move them into a different timeline.

You could promote something else, right? You can start talking to them about a different web class or a different product or something
altogether, uh, altogether different. So starting Thursday, right? And what we're going to do is we're going to have the, um, webinar at 8 PM and you could
play around with the time. I've, I like 8 PM, uh, 8 PM Eastern time, uh, on Thursday night.

So Thursday morning, you're going to send out another benefit email to the clicks and no
registrations. We're sending a fourth email to these people because they expressed interest. They just didn't go all the way and register. So these people did not express any interest, right? On third by Thursday, if they haven't clicked one of the prior three emails, they're done
with this campaign.

But by Thursday morning, if they didn't, um, register, we're still going to send them
another, another email and reminding them that right. Reminding them of another benefit of attending and that attendance is, um, tonight we're going
to, in the morning, we're also going to send a reminder email. Now on Thursday, it switches to a reminder email, reminding them that tonight is the webinar,
uh, excuse me, is the web class. And then, um, at night, uh, an hour before we're going to send another reminder email
for these folks. And then we're going to do the live, uh, we're going to do the live web class the next day.

What we're going to do now, we're going to start to look at, we're going to start to look
at attendees and non-attendees, right? So who attended and who didn't for everybody that attended in the morning, we're going to
send a non-buyer email. You're going to see now that basically for the rest of the sequence, the next three days,
we're going to send attendees, um, a non-buyer email. When I say non-buyer, I mean, this is going to folks to attendees who didn't buy. So they attended the live web class, but they didn't take advantage of the soft, the mid-tier
soft offer that you gave at the end of the web class.

You're going to follow up with these folks twice a day, once in the morning and once
at night for the folks that didn't attend and did not ask for their, um, did not ask
not to be billed. We're going to send them, uh, a, a replay email in the morning on Friday and then one
at night and then one a day on one, one on Saturday and one on Sunday. And then on Sunday night is when at midnight Pacific time is when you would end the deadline. So the deadline for the, the mid-tier soft offer would be, um, would expire, right? And so, so you can see that you're promoting it to your house list for three days and then
you're promoting the mid-tier soft offer, um, for three days to attendees who didn't buy.

And then you're promoting the replay to the folks who, um, who, uh, who paid, uh, you
know, or agreed to be billed, but didn't, uh, didn't attend. And so this is what this bad boy looks like the overview. And this is kind of really just a simplified view for you, but, uh, I want to give you three
somewhat advanced techniques that you can use very quickly. And then we'll go to some Q and a, so advanced technique number one is you can present a second
chance offer via email for the bump offer to people who didn't take it. So if we go back, so if you look at this over here, right?

So remember we said on the order form, let's say there is a, uh, a bump offer $19 for the
video recording, the, uh, audio transcript, handouts, cheat sheet, um, et cetera. Well, what you can do is you can have a second, uh, a little second email series over here of
two emails that for the people that don't take the bump offer, right? During the intensification sequence, you could send them two separate emails that just give
them a second chance to take advantage of that bump offer, right? Like, so it's kind of exactly, it's exactly what it is that we do with people that don't
take our normal bump offers. We'll send them an additional second chance opportunity, uh, to, uh, to take advantage of
that.

You can also present a second chance offer via the intense, uh, intensification pages for
the prepay. And so what I mean by that is that remember we said that on the order form, you're going
to have two options. You're going to have the person who, um, wants to do the, you know, the soft offer at 97
and you're going to have the other option of, or you can just prepay right now, you know,
uh, for 64 bucks or whatever it is right here. Well, what you can do is you can take the people who, who did not choose the prepay and you can
put them in a separate campaign and you can give them the opportunity during the intensification
sequence to prepay, right? So, and, and the reason why you want to do this on the intensification pages, right?

So you send them to an intensification page and on the intensification page, you can have
a button that says, right? If you'd like to prepay for the, um, the web class and save such and such, right? Or save X amount of dollars when you prepay for the web class, right? The reason why you're doing that is because remember on the intensification pages, you're
building up value. You're building up excitement around the web class.

And so it's the perfect time to give folks the opportunity to, um, to prepay. And this again, gives you money upfront rather than waiting until after. And then finally, the third advanced technique is, uh, is you can actually make the web class
registration, the upsell on the back of a low ticket offer. And so what I mean by that is over here, this right here, this page right here, which is
the soft offer, right? Soft offer can actually be an upsell on the back of a low ticket, um, sale.

So let's say, uh, let's do it like this and just say, you've got a, let's say like the,
the first iteration of the way this was done years ago was this, you had a free plus, uh,
shipping and handling offer, right? So let's say we were sending out a DVD or a CD. So it's free, right? And, uh, you can advertise it on Facebook today. It's, it's not really compliant like this free plus these free plus shipping and handling,
um, offers, um, but free plus shipping and handling was the way that it was, was done.

And then what would happen is they would be brought to a page like this, which was basically
kind of like a case study page with a soft offer for a web class. And the beauty is that because it was the, uh, it was the upsell, there was no more order
form. They just had to say yes. And so it was an easy, it was an even easier yes over here because you're just saying, yes,
you're not being billed anything else. You're not being charged anything else.

Um, you're just saying, yes, I'll, I'll, I'll, I want to attend the web class and only
if I love it, will I pay $97 because the credit card information was all collected on a free
plus shipping, but free plus shipping offers aren't, aren't, you know, they don't work the
same way that they used to in terms of compliance on, uh, on Facebook and obviously demand for
DVDs and CDs aren't what they, um, used to be. And the other thing is that you needed to have this offer, uh, and this product ready
to be fulfilled in order to make this, um, work. And so that's why, you know, some time ago we iterated and moved away from this bad boy,
but you certainly can do that if you have a low ticket, um, offer the issue, the only
issue and the reason why we don't do this, the reason why we don't do this. And we just really, uh, we just, um, oops, we just, uh, go right to this. Our, uh, covert campaigns start with this soft offer on the web class is because if you use it
as an upsell, uh, it impacts your average order value today, right?

And so when you're going to cold traffic, you want to maximize average order value today
and using a soft offer as an upsell will definitely make it more difficult for you to maximize your
AOV. You can try it certainly as the second upsell if you want to get, um, advanced, but, um,
but you can also just go straight to the web class. And so there you go. That is the covert campaign. It is a, it's an easy way to get customers and make money easy, not meaning easy because
it's easy to set up, but easy because it is a low barrier of entry, right?

Low barrier, low hurdle way to get a lot of yeses from customers by putting out value, uh,
before you are asking for money. A lot of entrepreneurs, a lot of marketers just don't have the cojones to do that. Uh, but you should, because there's massive money to be made there. Uh, and it's a tremendous opportunity. Okay.

So Glenn asked a question. He said, how would this fit in with a new product campaign? Big idea. Would you still run a typical MVF first to test the idea? Uh, or if you think this fits your current offer, would you come out of the gate with this
or with a stripped down version with just the web class, but not the bumps.

So, yeah. So, uh, so this is just another, this is really the way to look at this is this is another
tool in your toolbox. This is another, you know, this is another weapon in your arsenal and what you really
want to always do, um, both, this is both for Glenn, who is in a very sophisticated marketplace,
but this is also for you guys and gals that aren't in sophisticated markets that you always
want to look at different models, different ways of, um, of generating customers and different,
uh, you want to compare AOV and, and your CPA. Like the reality is that different markets at different sophistication levels operate differently,
meaning a free plus shipping offer for, um, you know, just as an example for one market
might perform like gangbusters, but for another market that is a little bit more sophisticated,
it might not. And so it's wise in your marketplace to regularly be testing different acquisition models, right?

Like to see if, well, who knows what, you know, you, you can make it a soft offer like
this. And, um, and before you know it, you can double your acquisition of customers, but maybe you
double your acquisition of customers, but your, um, you know, your costs go up, like meaning
like the difference between your cost per acquisition and your AOV, um, becomes wider. You have to look and see, will that still work in our business? Would we rather, you know, are we willing to go a little bit more negative per customer? If that means that we can double our customers, if we could double our customers, how much more
negative would we be willing to go?

See what you, what you've got to understand is that sometimes, right? Sometimes, you know, when you've got a, when you've got a winning offer, right? When you've got a winning product, a winning offer, right? You, you should be testing how you are presenting that winning product and, and winning offer. And so this is one of those things where you can drop it into the mix.

I'm not saying like, like, listen, you never want to have one, my opinion, my recommendation
for you after years and years of doing this is you never want to have just one way of people
for people to come into your pipeline. I love the idea, right? I love the idea of having, we have high ticket front ends. We have low ticket front ends. We have mid tier front ends.

We have hard offer front ends. We have soft offer front ends. We have a physical product front ends. We have digital product front ends, right? You want to give multiple ways for people to come into your world because people look
for different things.

There are some people that don't need a soft offer. And then there are some people that'll never buy your hard offer, right? Like, so some people love hard offers and are good to go. And some people, they only want to try it before they, they buy it. And so it's wise to have a healthy mix.

For Glenn, for you, somebody who's got a house file and a nice size house file, the beauty
is that you can roll it out as an MVF and just test the big idea to your house file before
you do anything else with it. So you don't need all of the other, like you don't need the add on. If you don't want, you don't need all those other pieces. You can roll out an MVF, uh, um, to your house file just to test the, um, the big idea,
right? Just to test the campaign.

And so, um, yeah, so you, you never, you always, always, always, always want to roll
out your new campaigns. This one included as an MVF, especially when you've got a house file, because you're not,
you know, you're not, you're not spending any additional capital to, um, to test it. And so hopefully that answers your question, Glenn. Sure. Cold offer.

So the question was, will a cold offer work for a cold market? Cold offer, uh, excuse me, soft offer works best with a cold market, right? Like the reality is this, that not like I would probably never do. I shouldn't say never, but I would likely never do a soft offer to my house file, excuse
me, to as my, as a backend, because there's no need to do that, right? So a soft offer is the exact kind of offer that you want to use with a cold market because
it makes it easy to say, yes, that the cold market are the exact people that you want to,
um, present a soft offer to, because it, it takes away risk from them.

And so, meaning it takes away the, uh, the fear of, um, of you not delivering because
you're delivering first before they, um, pay anything. So let me see this here. Okay. So, so, uh, yeah. So how do you know when to do a soft offer campaign?

I'm thinking this could work really great for affiliate offers. So, well, for, let me say this. So for an affiliate offer, you have no control. The offer itself, whether it's a hard offer, a soft offer, um, is really determined by the,
the owner of the product. And so, right, the person who owns the product is going to tell you, uh, is going to tell
you, um, what the offer is.

You can just, whether it's a hard offer, a soft offer, you can just add bonuses on there,
um, if you want. Um, but there really is no, like a soft offer. I would say this, if there was a perfect time to use a soft offer and a soft offer always
out pull, assuming that you deliver the goods, like, listen, assuming that you deliver the
goods, a soft offer will always out pull in terms of volume of new customers, a hard
offer because you are lowering the barrier of entry. You're lowering the ability. You're, you're making it easier for folks to, um, say yes.

And so, um, it's, you know, there's the only time that I would say like, well, again, I would
say it's, you know, it's, it's not appropriate and I don't even want to say it's not appropriate,
but it's, it's not needed is, um, is let me see here, um, is, um, on your backend because
you just don't need it. And so hopefully that, um, how do you sell the web class with a VSL on the registration
page? So JMC, that's JMC question. So, um, that depends. You can sell it, um, both ways.

So you can sell it with a VSL or you can sell it with long form copy. It's no different than I don't, I don't want you just because it's a soft offer doesn't
change the way that you market it, right? It only changes the offer, right? And it might change around some of the copy, some of the deck copy, some of the lead copy. Um, uh, and so, because you want to get that early in, you want to get it.

You want to get the fact that they don't have to, uh, they don't have to pay right now or,
or, you know, uh, um, you want to get that early because that is extremely compelling. Other than that, JMC, there's no difference in the way you're marketing your mark market it
as if you were charging 97 bucks today. And the only difference is, like I said, the offer. And so hopefully that, um, helps. We used to do it primarily, uh, most of the hours were done with long form.

So long form copy, uh, what changes would you make after running this for a while, uh,
to turn it into an evergreen, um, campaign? None. And so the only thing that I would change, uh, I wouldn't change any of the steps. The only thing that I would change is a little bit of the languaging, like I showed you on
the, um, on the registration page. And so basically it's, excuse me, they don't have to wait, right?

They get, excuse me, they can get access to the web class, um, immediately. Right. And then I would just change it to write, um, you know, if any time within, you know,
like they get three days to enjoy it, go through it, blah, blah, blah. And if any time within those three days, they're not, um, you know, they're not thrilled or
they don't want to pay for it. Just use the secret email address given at the end of the training and let us know.

Um, and so, uh, so that's the only thing that I would change other than that, I would keep
it all the same. Uh, Jim said, Todd, you casually mentioned that a free plus shipping offer is not compliant
anymore. Did I hear you wrong? If not, what makes it no longer compliant? So, uh, the, the issue is that Facebook doesn't like how people are charging these, um, you know,
rates for shipping and handling that isn't really the rate for shipping and handling, right?

They're charging $9, $11, $12, you know, for a, um, for a book. And so some free plus shipping offers, uh, aren't getting approved anymore. And so it's also why you don't see us. We don't do a free plus shipping offer. We actually just charge for the book, even though a free plus shipping offer works better
than a straight up offer.

We, you don't see us doing any, uh, so Jim said on number seven, the web replay. So non-attendees are not charged from the original registration. Yes, they are. They're charged the same time everybody else is charged just because they didn't, um, attend. Uh, no, they're, they're, they're, their billing is not delayed because they didn't
attend.

So it's just that if they didn't attend and they didn't email in, which, you know, if
they didn't attend, they don't have the secret email address. And so they're not going to be able to, um, they get the, um, the replay. So just because, and I, this is important just because somebody didn't attend doesn't
mean that their billing gets delayed. Everybody is billed on the same day. So the reality is like the webinar takes place.

The web class takes place on Thursday. I would bill everybody on Friday. And so everybody gets billed on Friday, unless they tell you that they, that they don't want
to be billed. And so whether they attend or they don't, they get billed on Friday. Um, and if they didn't attend and they didn't tell you that they don't want to be billed,
like some people won't use the secret email address.

They'll just use, you know, your, your support, you know, address. Um, uh, you know, those people don't get the replay. So if they didn't attend and they asked not to be billed, they don't get the replay. Uh, and so hopefully that makes sense, but they are given the chance to pay. No.

So, okay. Uh, yeah. So JMC, you certainly could use this with, um, cold traffic. It's just, uh, you've got to see what the, um, the numbers are, how the numbers play out,
uh, in terms of CPA and what is your immediate average AOV. And, uh, you've got to just see how the numbers play out, but sure.

You absolutely would. You could use this with cold traffic. Uh, so what tools do you use to pull this off? So you could do this with any, uh, like the tools are insignificant for this. Cause there's nothing magical that there's nothing advanced that's going on, on, on any
of these pages.

The most advanced thing that I shared with you was the, um, the replay page having, you
know, the controls and the button hidden on the first visit, uh, and then them not being
hidden on the second visit, which is really nothing more than a script that you, you know,
a little piece of code that you could put on click funnels, lead pages, thrive architect,
any of those things. So there is nothing advanced that you need to pull this off. We happen to use infusion soft as our CRM, which just allows us to do things like, um, you
know, charge somebody's card that we have on file if they tell us to without asking them
for their credit card. But all you need is a basic CRM or basic, um, email platform to be able to, uh, to be able
to, to do this one that allows you to apply tags to somebody that, you know, like if they
buy the, if they take advantage of the bump offer, we tag them as, as having taken advantage
of it. If they don't, we tag them as not, you know, they didn't right.

And then we'll say, Hey, if they didn't, you know, if they've got this tag that says
no bump offer, then let's send them the second chance emails. It's all, all very basic, uh, um, email autoresponder stuff. There you go. The covert campaign, a way for you to, uh, use a soft offer while you are delivering
value, giving, giving, giving, but in a very savvy way where you're able to generate upfront
money. Uh, and I want you to think about like, look, there are some, you know, like I said, there
are nuances like the, on the order form, having the two payment options, the one option where,
right.

Like I want you to get the, there are nuances to this. And that's why I don't want you to start picking little things out, right? Like the beauty of that is that you're going to get some hyper buyers that see that opportunity
to just pay that, that know that they're going to pay, know that they're going to love your
stuff. And then, and so they're going to take advantage and they're going to prepay, you know, right
there. But yet on the sales page for the web class, you're not even talking about the prepay.

You're only talking about the pay nothing today, pay nothing today. But then on the order form, you're giving them a chance to, um, to, uh, you know, to, um,
to, to, to, to prepay, right. So that you collect some, you know, you collect money upfront. You're also on the bump offer, right? You're also, you're the bump offer, right?

You're giving a lot of value for just $19, right? The video, the audio, the transcript, the handouts, um, you know, cheat sheet, all that. But you're also letting them know that they'll, that it'll be given to them in one week. That's an important nuance because again, if they don't want to be billed, they need
the secret email address, which is given at the end of the training. And so, right, that's important that you say one week because it prevents people, like
if you gave it to them immediately, let's just say, if there was an evergreen version
and you gave it to people, uh, immediately is not, or, or let's say you gave it to them,
you know, on the day of the, the web class.

Well, it gives them the ability to just say, no, I don't want to be billed without ever having
to attend the actual web class. So because you're delivering it one week later, right on, on that bump offer, it requires them
to attend all this stuff. We're driving them to attend so that you can deliver value so that you get that high collection
rate on the soft offer, but also so that you get the most amount of people on there exposed
to your mid tier soft offer. And then there are so many additional advanced things that you could do, um, with that mid
tier soft offer that I didn't even want to overwhelm you with, but you could do things
like right on that mid tier. Of course you could follow up with those people within a week and you could give them the ability
to prepay, right?

Like by upgrading to, you know, instead of, instead of waiting the 21 days and paying one
99, you can upgrade right now. Uh, I'm going to throw in an additional bonus and you'll prepay just one 69 or something like
that. Right? Like, so you get the people that know that they're going to want the mid tier to, um,
to, to upgrade. You can circle back to the people that don't take advantage of the mid tier offer on the web
class with a payment option, also soft payment, right?

Like a pay nothing now. And then only pay 99 bucks every, you know, three weeks starting in 21 days. Like, so there's some advanced things that you can do to really monetize. Uh, but you got the gist of the covert campaign. You now have a way of giving away, you know, value first in advance before anybody pays, but
yet monetizing customers and acquiring lots and lots of customers.
