---
title: "May 2018"
date: 2018-07-02
duration: 1h 4m
duration_seconds: 3877
vimeo_id: 278066101
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# May 2018

**Date:** 2018-07-02 | **Duration:** 1h 4m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

What is going on, everybody? This is Todd Brown. Super pumped to be with you on this
Memorial Day in the States. Excited to do something kind of special and something a
little different for you guys and gals. And that is just an open Q&A.

And I got the little
funky whiteboard here in case we need to draw anything out and get into a lot of detail. But I wanted to give you guys and gals the opportunity to just ask me whatever questions
it is that you have that you may be struggling with, that you may be dealing with as it relates
to your marketing. This includes both front-end customer acquisition as well as customer
monetization. As I've been leading this newest group of marketers and entrepreneurs through
the E5 Camp Masterclass, I've been getting a ton of questions just on a variety of aspects of
designing a campaign. And I'll answer a couple of the main ones that I've been getting because I
think that it'd be really valuable for you to hear my answers to these folks in just a minute.

But if
you've got a question that you'd like me to address, go ahead and just pop your question
right into the GoToWebinar box or the GoToWebinar area, and I'll answer it. I know that we've got a
small, small group on here, which I fully expected with Memorial Day. But this is your opportunity to
ask, to fire away whatever question or questions it is that you have. And so the first thing that I want
to do is, I'm going to get rid of this thing over here so that I can show the whiteboard. And let's
actually get rid of this.

And I want to bring something else on here for you. Whoops. Let me see. Let me do this. And so the first thing is, I want to do this.

And many of you have seen
this before. You've probably seen this multiple times. And this is, as you guys and gals know,
this is kind of the timeline that I use to describe and explain every marketing campaign
that I put together. No matter what type of campaign it is that I'm putting together,
whether it's a multi-part video sequence, a single VSL, whether it's really even a webinar campaign,
or even for that matter, a long-form sales letter, I follow the same exact framework over and over and
over and over. Now, specifically in this context, and I want to show you a couple of just little points
in just a second.

But the thing that I want you to really understand is that in this context,
what I'm talking about here is I'm talking about a front-end campaign. So we're talking about a customer
acquisition campaign here. And one of the questions that, let me just move this thing over so that I can
write on this thing. One of the main questions that I've been getting asked is this idea of,
all right, so you know, and I'll just walk you through, you guys and gals, I'll walk you through
this quickly, right? So you know over here, this is where we present our offer, right?

And when I'm
asked all the time, you know, it's amazing, it's funny how, and you guys and gals as A&Mers can really
relate to this or probably, you know, you probably can, can get this, you know, it's amazing how folks,
they want to get into talking about their product. They want to get into talking about their, the
benefits of their product, the, the, the, the specific kind of the, the offer, they want to get
into it so early in the marketing campaign. And the thing that I want you to understand that I really
want you to grasp, and I think I shared this on one of the last training sessions that I did for
A&M, but many of you have probably heard me say this so many times that what we're talking about
here is marketing, man. We're not talking about putting together a, an advertisement. We're not
talking about you selling.

Like, look, if you, if you're running an e-commerce store and you,
you've got to buy one, get one free deal, that's an advertisement. You're, you're in essence,
selling in print. What we're talking about here, what, what I want you guys and gals to really grasp
what I do, what I want you to do, which is, which is what will allow you to really open up the
floodgates for new customer acquisition is creating a marketing campaign is taking someone's desire for
a result and turning it into demand for the thing that you are offering before you ever even offer it
to them. And so I want you to understand that there is a tremendous difference between advertising and
like I said, advertising and selling in my book are really very similar. Advertising is all about
the product.

It's all about the deal. It's all about the offer. It's much more direct. It's much
more appropriate for, um, really for, for certainly for, uh, for backend. It's much more appropriate
for folks that are high on the awareness pyramid.

Um, but when you're talking about opening up a
tremendous opportunity, opening up a tremendous universe, opening up, uh, uh, to the largest
segments of your marketplace, we're no longer talking about advertising. We're no longer talking
about selling. We're talking about marketing. We've got to get their attention. We've got to create
engagement long enough for us to hook them in, want to hear more about what it is that we have to say,
consume the message.

And then by consuming the message, we create demand for the product where
no demand existed. Now, I just want to, I want to, I want to stress something here as it relates to
demand. I'm not talking about creating desire, right? So that desire, and, and it was, uh, if I remember
correctly, it was legendary ad man, Gene Schwartz. That was the first to really say we don't create
desire.

We simply channel desire. And so what's the difference between desire and demand in this
context? So desire is the, is when we're talking about the transformation, the promise, the, the,
the main benefit, the outcome, the result, what it is that your prospect wants to eliminate from
their life, what it is that your prospect wants more of in their life, right? That has to be there. There has to be that desire for that, that outcome, that result, even if that desire is not like, uh,
uh, uh, pushing them to look for a product or look for a service or look for a solution, but that
desire for the result has to be there.

You're not going to convince somebody to want a result that they
don't already want, right? So we're tapping into an existing desire. Demand is really another way to
kind of say it is it's a desire for your product. So they start with a desire for a result, an outcome,
a transformation, a benefit, right? And, and we turn that into a demand for your product, a desire for
your product.

They now want your product or service before you ever even offer it to them. And so I'm
sharing that with you in this context, because that's why the offer comes in the last 25% of the
campaign. That's why the offer is the final piece. The offer comes in the end after you've done the job
of creating that demand. And only after you've done that job of creating, creating demand.

Now, you know
that we always start with the offer. When I create a campaign, when I, when I engineer a campaign, I
always start with the offer. I always start with the offer because of two reasons. One, it's the final
destination of every campaign. It's ultimately where we're leading every prospect and ultimately
everything that we do and say and show and present and demonstrate in the marketing campaign is designed
to create that demand for the offer.

Let me say that again, everything that we do and say and show and
present in the marketing campaign is there to create demand for the offer. When we finally present it
in the last 25%. And so the thing that I really want you guys and gals to understand first, right, is
right. So we've got this and many of you, you've seen this, especially those of you that have gone
through the E5 masterclass, but all of you have heard me talk about this before. Right.

And so in order
to like, we, we don't present the offer, we don't, we don't present the offer until we've got, until we
believe we've done, said, showed, present everything needed to get buy-in, right. To get buy-in on the
thesis. And the thesis is the one belief that they need to have the one belief that they need to have
in order to want the offer when we, when we present it. And typically when I am creating,
not, not even typically, when I'm creating a marketing campaign, that one belief is typically
very, very simple. That one belief is in some shape or form.

It is that the unique mechanism
will deliver that primary promise, that thing that they want, that desire that already existed
when we started this campaign, right. My job is to get them to see, realize, understand why
the unique mechanism is the best way is the way is a huge opportunity for them, a new opportunity for
them to finally experience that result, that outcome, that primary promise. That's everything
that I am doing. Everything that I am doing, showing, presenting, demonstrating, saying in the
marketing campaign is designed to get buy-in on the thesis. Because as long as I get buy-in on that
thesis, I know that I've created demand for my offer.

Now, when I present the offer, the job of the
offer is to make it a no brainer for them to respond, to make it easy for them to respond, to make them feel
like, why wouldn't I respond? Or to make them feel like only an idiot wouldn't take advantage of this
offer. But the thing for you to understand is that demand, right, that demand comes, demand comes about
when that one belief is established. That one belief is the thesis, right? And you, you all have
probably, you've heard me talk about this before, nothing new yet here, right?

And so after the, the,
the, we put together the, the thesis, then I go back to, right, I always go back to the beginning. And here's where the big question has been, has been coming in. So, right, we go back to the
beginning and we create, we develop the big idea. And the whole purpose of the big idea is just to serve
as a pattern interrupt, right? It's a way of getting attention and creating engagement, right?

Today,
right, you've got to understand, you've got to understand, I think two R's interrupt, pattern
interrupt. You've got to understand that the days of just a pure promise headline, how to grow bigger
tomatoes, how to meet the person of your dreams, how to lose weight, that those roll off the back
today of prospects in the majority of markets because they've heard it all before, right? They've heard it all before. And here's a slight thing. Here's a slight little element that I want to
make sure that you guys and gals get.

And of course, this is all about you today. And so, I don't want
to, if you've got a question, pop the question in. I don't want to take up all of the time just kind
of answering these other people's questions if you guys and gals have questions. But the thing that I
want you to understand is this. If you are making a promise that nobody else has made before, you don't
need a big idea.

Just make the promise, right? Just make the promise. And so, if you are making
a promise that has not been made before, just make the promise. In that case, you can roll with a
promise-driven idea and a promise-driven headline because it will serve as a pattern interrupt because
nobody has heard of it before. But in most markets, that's going to be extremely difficult to do,
right?

Because most markets are saturated. And so, in that case, right, you're likely going to be
making a promise of transformation, right, that has been made already. And so, the way that you get
attention, the way that you create engagement is with a big idea. An idea, really, and it drives me
nuts. Like, it drives me nuts when I see lots of entrepreneurs, marketers that are learning this,
whether they've gone through, they've read my book or they've gone through the E5 Masterclass or
another coaching with me or heard me speak about this, they really get lost in the minutiae of the
big idea.

The big idea just needs to be a new angle, a new angle, a new story, if you will, right? It's a new way of looking at, of talking about something that they've heard before. It's a new
way, a different way, right, of talking about something that they have heard before. And the
goal, right, is to use it as a pattern interrupt, to bring something new, different, unique, a fresh,
a fresh angle, something that nobody else has talked about as a way of getting attention. That's it, as a way of getting attention and creating engagement.

Now, excuse me, the thing
that I want you to understand is that we then take the big idea, right, and we translate it into
a headline. This is, and here is, this is, this is a, an important point. When you're developing big
ideas, you're not writing copy. You're not developing, you're not writing copy. You're not
trying to share copy.

You're, you're not like, this is where, because what happens is immediately
when folks first, excuse me, first learn about the big idea and they try to pitch an idea, they end up
going into copy mode. They end up writing copy, right, out loud, so to speak. They'll go, right,
they'll immediately say, you know, who else wants to, blah, blah, blah. They immediately start to go
into copy and what happens for most, and this is an important point for you guys and gals, what happens
for, for most is their idea gets muddled in copy. Like, in other words, it becomes hard to understand
what the idea is because the way they've articulated the idea with copy is so muddled.

They've, they've tried to copy it up. They tried to word smith it up and the idea gets lost. I want
you to think about pitching your idea as, uh, as if you were at a social gathering and you're just
sharing the idea as if you were pitching an idea for a movie, as if you were pitching an idea for a
book. If you were pitching an idea for a book, you wouldn't just share the title of the book,
right? You pitch the idea.

If you were sharing an idea for a movie, you wouldn't just share the title
of the movie. You'd pitch the idea, right? And your job when pitching the idea, right,
is not to try to word smith it up. Just say it, just say it. And a great exercise, a great thing
for you to do when you're developing these ideas is to start with, right?

And I, and this comes
directly from, uh, from Joe Schrieffer, uh, the copy chief over at Agora Financial. It it's, it's,
what's the ordinary idea. What's the plain idea. Somebody that doesn't understand the big ideas,
somebody that doesn't know what it is or understand what it is that we are doing. What is the ordinary idea to share the ordinary run of the mill idea, right?

It's, you know, it's,
it's, you know, how to grow a bigger tomatoes with, um, you know, with a, with a better mix of
nutrients in the soil, right? That's the ordinary run of the mill idea. Then share, well, what's the big
idea? What have you found when you were researching those, those nutrients, that mix of
nutrients, who else is using those nutrients? Is it based on science?

Is it, is there something
from medicine? Is there something from psychology? Is there something from the Bible? Where is the big
idea in that ordinary idea? And that big idea you find, you develop through the examination and
research.

And then only then, once you, once you can clearly articulate the idea. And when I say
clearly articulate the idea, I don't mean, I don't, I don't mean you choose the exact right words. And,
and when you're, when you're sharing the idea, I mean, do you have clarity on what is the idea? And I, I, I shared this once before. I can't remember, you know, I've been doing so many coaching
sessions and so many calls lately that I can't remember, uh, where, and when I shared what, but
I gave this example from, uh, from one of my favorite, uh, uh, promotions, uh, for teaching
purposes.

And that was the, the promotion that came out of Agora Financial. And it was basically how
Americans are, are, how any, how anybody can collect four extra payments, uh, from,
social security, um, every year, no matter what their age is and excuse me, and, uh, and, uh,
without impacting their future collections from social security, right? It was this idea how
anybody can collect four extra checks per year from social security, no matter their age, without,
uh, without impacting their future earnings, right? That was the big idea. And that's compelling.

It's interesting. You want to hear, you want to hear more. And I think they gave a specific
amount, like how, you know, how to, how, uh, anybody, how any American or something like that
can collect up to $4,000 and four extra checks, uh, every year, no matter their age, without
impacting their future, right? That's interesting. It's compelling.

It's not ordinary. It's something
that prior to that, I'd never heard before. I'd never seen anybody talk about that before. Right. But really the ordinary idea, the ordinary idea underneath that was that there was a,
there, there's a, um, uh, a REIT, a real estate investment trust.

I think the symbol is dot
G O V. This is a company that owns lots of buildings that the United States government
leases. Most people don't know that the, the, most of the government organizations lease their
office space and right. Like the FBI, the, there was like 13 or 14 different government
organizations that leases something like a total of 500,000 square feet of, or maybe it's 4 million,
5 million square feet of, of office space. I'm not even sure.

Um, but right. And so the government
leases the, um, the, the space and right. This real estate investment trust, it's kind of like,
right. They own the buildings. And so they're collecting the lease payments.

And then in here,
right. Uh, they, they're forced to pay out something like 90% of their profits, 90% of
what's collected on here, because it's a real estate investment trust that the, the, the details
are insignificant. But one of those, um, one of those government, uh, uh, organizations,
uh, is the social security administration, right? And so the social security administration
leases their office space and pays their rent. And then as part of your payout, when you own this
REIT, uh, when you own shares in this, in this REIT is you get to share in you, you get a portion of
that lease payment, right?

That's the easiest way to explain it. So the ordinary idea is right. There's a way that you can own a REIT, um, that collects money from, uh, the government leasing
their office space. That's the ordinary idea. The moment that you mentioned REIT and, um, a real
estate investment trust and blah, blah, blah.

There's no more mystery to it, right? Because
anybody that's, you know, that's even reasonably understands how to research the equity markets is
going to be able to identify, is going to be able to find what that is. And so that copywriter took
that ordinary idea and turned it into, right. How anybody can collect, you know, four extra checks
a year of up to $4,000 or, you know, minimum for something like that, right? Blah, blah, blah.

Yeah. Ordinary idea to, um, to, uh, um, you know, big idea, right? And the big idea, when it was first
articulated, it was just articulated like this. The big idea was, was articulated something like,
um, check this out. There's a way, no matter what your age is, no matter how, how many years you worked
or haven't worked, no matter whether you're retired or not, uh, there's a way that you can collect
four checks every year from the social security administration.

And no matter how many checks
you collect and no matter how high or how much those checks are for, it will in no way negatively
impact your ability to collect on social security in the future. You can start doing this right away
and you can continue to do this for the rest of your life. And, and you get to determine how big you
want those checks, big or small. You want those, those four checks to be every year, right? That's
just pitching the idea interested, right?

Then once you've got clarity on that, then you craft the
headline and only then do you craft the headline. The headline is just what is the most effective way
to communicate that big idea with punch, right? And, and ideally all else being equal, I'm going to
look for the least number of words. I'm not saying that, you know, the shorter headlines, uh, uh,
necessarily work better than longer headlines. That's not what I'm saying.

I'm saying I'm going
to look for a way to communicate that as, as pithy as possible, as pithy as possible. And so then
we've got the, um, then, then we write the headline. And so folks have asked like, well, all right,
you've got the big idea, you've got, um, you've got the big idea, you've got the headline, and then
you've got the lead. And what is the lead? You guys know the lead is the first 300 and 300 to,
you know, 850 words or so, right?

It's, it's really the opening of the marketing campaign and the entire
purpose, the entire purpose of the lead is just to set the emotional hook. That's it. It's just to get
them excited about hearing more. And the thing that I want you to understand is, is this, that the
headline is not what sets the emotional hook. The headline is just the way that we get attention
and create engagement.

Remember, you know, people, people have asked this, you know, this, uh, all
right, so I've got the big idea and I've got the headline. And so where does the big idea come in
after the headline, or does the headline come in before the big idea, blah, blah, blah. And so the
thing that I want you to understand is that the big idea is what is behind the headline. The, the,
the, in other words, in the marketing campaign, the headline serves to communicate the big idea. So the headline, we, we develop the big idea, right?

We get clarity on the big idea,
and then we turn the big idea into a headline. The headline introduces the big idea. And like I said
earlier, the purpose of the big idea now in the form of a headline is simply to, to get attention
and create engagement, right? Like what do I mean by attention and engagement to stop them long enough
to engage with the lead. Now, this is an important point for you guys and gals, because I get, you know,
like, because if you've ever looked at the, um, analytics on a VSL, oftentimes what you will see
is you'll see something like this.

You'll see a VSL that goes like this, right? And this is the
engagement and there's, you know, massive drop-off right away. And then it continues. And usually,
usually not always, but usually that's because the marketer behind that campaign thought that the
headline was responsible for setting the emotional hook. And what happens is somebody, a prospect stops,
they, they, they, they, right.

They'll see the headline on an ad. They'll see the headline on the,
on the page and they'll, they'll start the video, let's say for example, but then the lead doesn't do
the job of setting the emotional hook. The lead is weak. And so the person bails because the headlines
job is just to stop the prospects in their track, in their tracks to get them to engage long enough
for our lead to set the emotional hook. The way that I, I, I like to look at this and the way that
I like to think about this, right.

Is that, excuse me, is that we're fishing, right? We're fishing in
a pond and we've got this, you know, we've got this bait, right? And we're, we're, we've got this bait
and the bait is the equivalent of the headline, right? Like it, it stops the fish, like it gets
a tension, right? And it stops the fish just long enough to chomp on that, to chomp on that bait.

But if we don't set the hook on that bait, what happens is, and I know, cause I've done this many
of times is the fish spits out the bait and swims away because we didn't set the hook. And so the
bait in this case is the headline. It just stops the fish long enough to bite the bait, right? But we
then have to set the hook before we start reeling them in. What happens is over here, whoops, over
here, they start reeling in too soon, reeling in too early, and they don't set the emotional hook.

What do I mean by setting the emotional hook? Really what I'm talking about here, just to kind
of simplify this for you guys and gals in A&M is I'm teasing. I'm teasing what it is that I'm about
to share. Ultimately, I'm teasing what the UM will do for them, right? And I'm saying this in a
variety of different ways.

Usually in some way, shape or form, I'll open up a VSL with what you're
about to hear is a unique way to do blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. In fact, what you're about to see
will benefit, benefit, benefit. And it does it without negative, negative, negative. In fact,
within just 15 days, you'll be able to benefit, benefit, benefit. And the entire thing works
without you having to negative, negative, negative.

It's called unique mechanism, right? And in a moment,
I'm going to tell you how to start using it to benefit in your life. Hi, my name is Todd. All I did
was tease. All I did was tease that there is a new and different and exciting way to experience the
primary promise, the benefits, right?

And so the big question that another big question that I've been
getting is so people have asked and right, and then, you know, that over here, right to right to the
thesis, we've got the marketing argument. This is the body of our marketing campaign. And one of the big
questions that I've been getting is, well, how does the, this is some shape or form, this is the
question. How does the big idea tie in with the headline? And what are we presenting in the lead
that, like, how are we tying this lead together with the marketing argument and the headline and
the big idea?

Like, I'm coming up with this big idea. That's this outrageous idea, you know,
and how does that tie in with the lead? And how does that tie in with the marketing argument? And they're overcomplicating the, they're overcomplicating the process. The way that I
would think about this is let's say that you released a book, a nonfiction book, and the purpose
of the nonfiction book was maybe to create awareness about the value of, let's say, the value of eating
organic, right?

The value of eating organic. Well, right. If we just started out with, right, this
is, you know, why you want to eat organic, right? That's something that they've heard before. They've
seen before they've been, they've been presented with that before.

That's not going to work right
from a book. Like if we named it, why you want to eat organic, right? That's, that's not going to do
the job because they've heard it. They've seen it. That's not going to become a wild breakaway
success, uh, on the New York times or wall street journal bestseller list.

We need a hook,
right? Think of, um, think of, for example, the four hour work week, right? As you've heard me say
before, the four hour work week was a book about outsourcing, but Tim Ferriss was smart enough to
know that if you named it, how to outsource your business, how to hire freelancers to run your
business, how to get free from your business without outsourcers or write how to automate most of your
life through outsourcing, um, that that was ordinary. Even back then that was ordinary and
common. And so we came up with this idea, right?

And then it became the four hour work week, right? How to escape the rat race and become part of the new rich or, or, or something like that. Right. And
so came up with a big idea translated into a book title. That title was all about, right?

Getting
attention, uh, creating engagement. And now the way that I want you to think about this is what happens
in the intro of the book, what happens in the intro of a book in the intro of a book, you're really
selling readers on reading the book right now. It might not be as explicit as what a lead is in a
marketing campaign. It might not be as aggressive as a lead in a marketing campaign, but that's really
all you're doing. You're taking that big idea, right?

And now you are teasing what's about to
come. You're teasing what changes a person can experience in their life in the rest of the book. And the whole purpose of that intro, right? Uh, when it's done well is to get people excited
about reading the rest of the book, right? That's really what we are doing here.

We're doing that
by teasing what it is that we're about to teach, what it is that we're about to show,
right? That we've got a unique mechanism, a unique way of doing it. And that unique way
comes with massive payoffs. And there's all these good things, right? Good things.

And there,
and there's none of the, there's none of the bad things, right? And get excited because your life
is about to change, right? And then what happens? Then we go into the body of the book and the body
of a book, a good nonfiction book is written in a way where it teaches people what to do and why to do it,
right? Why to do it.

And it shows them the payoff. So if we go back to the four hour work week,
you'll see that there's, Hey, you can outsource, you know, these nonsense things. And here's why
outsourcing is great. And here's how you should outsource. And here's blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

Right. And basically you're creating buy-in on the thing
that we introduced. You're getting people to say, yes, I see it. I get it. I understand it's,
it's all still connected for our work week, right?

Uh, for our work week here, you you're about to,
you're about to learn a way where you don't have to work so much. You can have other people doing
it for you. You can have a lot more free time. It's going to change your life. And I'm going to
show you how to do it and wonder, right.

And we create excitement. And then in here, right,
we, we explain how it works, right? Here's how you can have the four hour work week. And it's with
outsourcing and here. And, and if you're thinking that you can't outsource because you don't have
money, blah, blah, blah, but here's why you can.

And here's the, the, the best sources for it. And here's the different uses for it, right? And we're laying out the whole marketing argument,
right? And in the end of a book, right? The kind of the, if you really want to think about it,
there's a thesis of the book, right?

That at the end of, let's say the four hour work week,
it's okay, cool. I can do this. I'm going to start doing this. This will, this will be great. Right.

And if you really think about it over here, right? It's kind of call it the,
the last chapter, right? Or the conclusion, if you will, in the book telling you like,
all right, you've got everything you need now, right? Go to it. And in here, the call to action
is use what it is that you just learned for us.

What it is that we're, we're doing is in here,
we're setting up the desire to want this thing as if let's say Tim Ferriss had the four hour work week
system, right? And it came with all the, all the, um, the processes that he uses and the,
the ads that he uses to find out sourcers and, and blah, blah, blah. At the end, right. He would
say, and that's why I've put together the X, Y, Z package for you. Right.

And, and he would put
together or present a, uh, you know, a superior, irresistible, no brainer offer. And so it's all a
seamless message. It's all a seamless message. Big idea is the new, unique, fresh angle on an
ordinary idea that we translate into a headline that's designed to get attention and create
engagement by presenting something new, unique, and different, right? Which once we've got that
attention and engagement, right?

We then hook them in with a teasing lead that gets them excited that
maybe this time they can experience the result, right? That maybe now with this unique mechanism
that they're about to learn, um, that they can have the, the, the outcome. And then the rest of
our marketing argument is just designed to get buy-in on that. Remember what I said, the, the,
the thesis is just that the unique mechanism will produce the promise. That's it.

That's it. Everything that I do and say and show and present and demonstrate is designed to get buy-in on that
thesis, right? And that thesis is that the unique mechanism can produce the result. So some people
have asked, well, what if in my, uh, in my headline, I don't mention the unique mechanism. Well, you don't
need to always mention the unique mechanism in the headline.

As long as you hint at, um, hint at,
that there is some sort of mechanism. You could just, you'll name it in the lead. You'll introduce
it in the, um, in the lead. So over here in the headline, you might have, you know, a new, uh,
a new and different way for, uh, you know, for any student to get into college, right? That's not a
great headline.

It's not a great idea necessarily. Um, but it's hinting at a unique mechanism. And then
in the lead, I'm going to start off with, it's true. What you're about to hear is a new and very
different way for any student to get accepted into the college of their dreams. It doesn't matter
what your grades are.

It doesn't matter how many volunteer hours you've done. And it doesn't matter
your athletic prowess, what you're about to see and learn can get you in no matter whether you've
got a 2.0, a 3.0, or, or, or even something less best part of all it works, no matter blah, blah,
blah, what your experience, how many schools you've applied to, or how many, the process is called
LMNOP. The process is called the unique mechanism name. And, and in the next three minutes, I'm going
to share with you how you can begin to use it within the next 48 hours to get noticed by school
administrators to stand out to blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Hi, my name is Todd.

Right. And so
that, right. And then what I'm doing is I just introduced the, right. It's called blah, blah,
blah. And now in the marketing argument, I just prove it.

I prove why it works. I prove how it works. I prove that it works. I demonstrate and I overcome why it's better than any other method. And I overcome
potential objections and concerns like, right.

That, well, what if I got suspended? You know,
what if I'm a, what if I'm a terrible student? What if I don't have the money to, what if blah,
blah, blah. I, I, and so that by the time I reach this point, right. By the time we reach that point
right here, right, right here, they say, dang, I, I see it.

I get it. This LMNOP mechanism works like,
man, I, I, I want it, right. I want it. I'd love to use this thing. I'd love to be able to get in
to the school of my dreams.

And I understand why it works and how it works and why it's the best
option to get into the school that I want. Boom. Then we present a superior, irresistible,
and no brainer offer to make it easy to say yes. But we only do that after we believe that we have
established the thesis. And so, uh, so there you go.

That's really all. That's what I wanted to
share with you. I know that 40 minutes later. Um, but I think that that's how I create every
campaign. And you could see that the, the, the, you know, the key here, right.

The key to the whole,
whole campaign is that you've got this unique mechanism and what you're doing here, here,
excuse me, in the marketing argument is educating. You are educating, you're educating them on how
and why the unique mechanism works. And so I'm not selling, I'm not selling a product. I'm not even
talking about a product. I'm not talking about my product.

I'm talking about the unique mechanism
behind the product. So you remember the thing to, to really understand the thing to really grasp
is that the unique mechanism, let's do it in, in like this, the unique mechanism is not the same
as the product. The unique mechanism is not the same as the, as the product. The product contains the
unique mechanism, but the unique mechanism can stand on its own. Meaning that, right.

Meaning that it's,
it's kind of like, look, the, the, and granted, this isn't the greatest example because of the way I
name this, but the E5 method, right. The E5 method is the unique mechanism, but the E5 masterclass
is the product. And it's the only way it's the only place to get the, the E5 method. So at the end of
my campaigns, folks say, I get it. I see it.

I understand why it works. I understand why it's
effective. I understand why it's the best, most effective way to acquire new customers. But the only
way that they can learn it, get it, use it is when they take advantage of the product. And so the
reason why I'm sharing that with you in this context is because over here, I'm educating.

I'm educating. That's all I'm doing. What am I educating them on? I'm educating them on the
unique mechanism. In this case, the unique mechanism is the E5 method.

And finally, when I've led them to
the point where they realize the E5 method is the way to go, that it's the best way to acquire new
customers, that's when I introduced the offer, which includes the product, which is the only way
that they can experience or get or learn the unique mechanism. And so with that, if you guys and gals
have any questions, it looks like a couple of people posted some questions in here. So Pete Renzulli,
what's up, Pete? Pete is a machine, man. I love Pete.

Pete gave a tip, actually, E5 marketing
argument tip. If you're struggling to do the research for your marketing argument, ask this
question and it focuses what to look for. Why should I believe that? It's an easy way to create
your CPB chunks. Absolutely.

Right? It's absolutely. And so then it's a great, it's great. And I'm going to
delete this or remove this. And so, um, it's, it really is a, a great way to think about this,
because if we really look at the marketing argument, right, let's just use this entire space
for the marketing argument.

The thing that I want you guys and gals to, to realize is that really what
we're doing is we're just making a series of claims, right? This is a claim. I'm going to claim that,
you know, we're going to make a claim, whatever that about the, that, uh, that let, let's say if
I was presenting the E5 method that, you know, that, uh, having a funnel, having a funnel today
with an opt-in page and a VSL and an order form is no longer enough, right? That's a claim. Um,
and how today, uh, you know, promise driven headlines don't work nearly as well as they used
to do.

And that's why you need a big idea. And, uh, in addition to a big idea, you need a unique
mechanism. And when you have a unique mechanism, here's what it, what it, what it does, right? We're making claims, right? That's really all we're doing.

Right. And so like Pete saying, right,
well, why should I, why should I believe that every one of these claims need to have proof. You need to be able to prove that you need to be able to prove this. You need to be able to prove
this, right? You need to be able to prove this.

Every time you make a claim, you have to ask yourself
like, why should they believe you proof? So, right. So having a funnel is no longer enough. Here's
proof. I might show the amount of funnels that are out there.

I might show the success rate of,
you know, the 65,000 active users, uh, um, in click funnels and how many are actually making money
and how many failures. Right. And, and, um, and so it's no longer enough, you know, you need more. And by realizing that, and then I'm going to give a benefit of just this, this clip, boom. Right.

Um,
and then we go on to the next one, whatever that promise driven, and here's proof that promise
driven headlines aren't working. Right. But there's another way. There's a different way. There's a
better way that you can use to get, um, attention that is working today.

And it's with what's called
a big idea. Here's what it is. And here's why it works. Right. Proof for that.

And so what that
means is that when you have a big idea, blah, benefit, right. Excuse me. And to, and to really
separate yourself and stand out, you need a unique mechanism. Here's what it is. Here's why it works.

Right. Here is proof. And so what that means for you is benefit. Boom. Claim, claim, claim, claim,
prove for each one of the CPB, like Pete said, right.

Why should I believe that? Why should I
believe that? Why should I believe that? Why should I believe that? Why should I believe that
next until right?

We've established that thesis until they realize, my gosh, I get it. If I want
to acquire new customers, right. I need the E five method. At which point when I introduced the offer,
they are grateful. They're, they're grateful.

Why are they grateful? Why will they be grateful to you
as well? They'll be grateful to you as well, because you've educated them. You've educated
them. They understand now, right.

They understand you've proved it to them. You didn't just dump out
a bunch of, a bunch of claims. See, right. If you hit a, um, a sales funnel, which is why I don't,
right. I don't, I don't create sales funnels.

The majority of my stuff are marketing funnels,
uh, uh, certainly on the front end, but excuse me, it's right. A lot of times what you see from,
um, from, you know, new marketers, uh, or, you know, new people online is they just make a bunch
of claims. This is easy to use. It's the greatest thing. It'll get you top rankings.

It'll, it'll do
wonderful things for you, blah, blah, blah. Claim, claim, claim. And what they're doing is they're just
expecting that the prospect or prospects are going to believe them, right. They're, they're just hoping
that because they said it, that prospects will believe them. And look, some will, some will write
the folks that are higher on the awareness level, the folks that are, are looking for that exact
solution.

They will, but that's why these folks don't acquire the monster amount of customers that
you guys and gals can, when you go and you operate at the lower level and you prove you, you put together
a full marketing argument, right. And you're not just offering claims, but you're presenting an
argument. That's what you're doing. And when I say an argument, I want, you know, this is the same as
look, like, look, if you were asked to debate somebody on stage, uh, and share why it is that
you believe what you believe and why it is that you're asking the audience to believe the same
thing that you believe you'd present an argument. You wouldn't just say, right.

Like that people who
don't eat healthy, um, die younger. That's a bad example because most people know that, but you would,
you would say, right. Most people that eat that don't eat healthy, they die at a younger age. For example, according to blah, blah, blah, UCLA, according to Harvard, according to the AMA,
according to this, according to that, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And not just that,
but the folks that eat more, uh, Omega three fat, and you're going to go through a full blown
argument that doesn't expect your prospects to connect the dots, but connects all the dots for
them, leaving them in no other position, but to say, I get it.

There's no, there's no gap. There's
no loophole. There's no missing element in here, right? There's no little, there's no holes. There's
no holes in this argument.

It is a complete rock solid airtight argument that proves that what he or
she is saying is, um, is legit. And like I said, when you do it that way, when you do it this way,
because you're educating them, they're grateful for the offer. They're not resistant. They're not
skeptical. They're not annoyed because you delivered value and you change their perspective
and mindset.

You educated them. And so Pete is absolutely, um, correct. And Scott, what's up,
Scott? Um, Scott is a, uh, fitness guru gold. He said, thanks for pointing out that I was wordsmithing
priceless.

You got it. It's oftentimes I'll, I'll leave you with this unless there are any specific
questions. Hopefully I answered, uh, some questions that might be lingering questions for you guys and
gals. The thing that I really, I want to point out and you know, is especially with newer, newer
marketers for sure, newer marketers for sure is that, um, is that they, yeah, man, they, they get sucked
into writing copy. They think that they've got it.

Like I've seen headlines submitted that are like
ridiculous in terms of, you know, uh, there was one headline that was like, um, the secret of the
golden ratio, um, take, you know, uh, taken from 500 years ago from Leonardo da Vinci that will allow
you to have a lucrative career in project management in under, you know, four weeks. I'm like, what the
heck is going on here? What the heck are you even trying to say? That's an example of getting caught up
in the, like the, I need to deliver this headline. See, because they think that it's the words
that make it compelling.

It's not, it's the idea that makes it compelling period. It's the eye. And
you just want to be able to communicate that compelling idea as clearly and as simply as possible. When you find that you are trying to wordsmith it up, right? It's because likely because you really
don't have a great idea, you have a subpar idea and you're trying to sexy it up with makeup and a
nice dress.

It does not work that way. That's when it becomes convoluted because it is right. It's,
it's like I said, and I hate it's, it's, you know, this is, um, crude, but it's like putting lipstick
on a pig. It's still a pig at the end of the day. It's still a pig, right?

And trying to make a pig
look pretty is a difficult task. You take somebody, you take a, and I hate to, this is going to sound
just for illustrative educational purposes, but look, you start with a, a beautiful, a model man
or a woman, and you don't need to do that much. You don't need to do that much. You start with a
pig and yes, man, oh my gosh. And that's why lots of marketers struggle when it comes to writing copy
and it comes to figuring out there because they're struggling to figure out how do I take something
ordinary and make it sound great?

How do I take something ordinary and make it sound great? Start with something that is great. Start with an idea. That's like, wow, that is a great idea. Take that Canadian, excuse me, Canadian.

That's, that's another promotion of Canadian social security. Take that one about the, you know, how to collect, you know, four extra checks from social security,
um, a year. There's a lot of different ways that you could probably write that headline. See the, how that headline was written is not the power in that campaign. The power in that
campaign is the idea that anybody can collect four extra checks from social security, no matter their
age.

There's a lot of different ways that we could say that, write that. And really the reality is that
the power, the power is in the idea, not in the specific headline. And so hopefully that, uh,
that makes sense. And that's why you want to spend your time, right? Developing the idea.

Like you've heard. And for those of you that have paid attention to anything that I've shared with,
you know, my client, Agora financial, you know, Agora financial, when I started working with them,
they were doing 50 million a year this year. I would not be surprised if they did over $400
million a year. Um, I'll take very little credit for any of that. The reality is that they are just
great proficient at coming up with big ideas.

And Joe Schriefer, the copy chief over at, uh,
Agora financial would tell you that they, from idea to testing the campaign, it's weeks. That's it. It's two weeks, 14 days, 16 days, 18 days, right. To being able to the biggest block for them. The
biggest is in the tech side is in getting the, the, the pages up and launch.

It's not in, because
it, they don't, it, they focus very little time on the actual wording, right? Like if you've studied
any of the Agora financial copy principles, um, you'll find that they don't teach like headline
formulas because it's not about the formula. It's about the idea, right? It's about the idea. And so
I've drilled that in enough.

Let me go on. A couple of questions were submitted. First one from
Glenn. Glenn said, when you're using CPB chunks, how do you come up with benefits for a negative
claim? For example, your claim is something like off the top of my head, the federal reserve is
printing, the federal reserve printing dollars is destroying your buying power.

What are the, the,
um, the benefits? Do you talk about the benefits they'll get now that now that they'll know about the
negative claim, or do you skip the benefits part or talk about the negative benefits
consequences? Great question, Glenn. And so sometimes, um, sometimes if there is a clear
benefit, uh, I will include a benefit, but when dealing with a negative claim, sometimes there
is no benefit, right? It, it, it, the, the only benefit might just be like you said that, you know,
like, look, the, the, the, the fed is printing, um, money it's destroying your buying power.

It's going
to destroy the economy. Uh, um, blah, blah, blah. In fact, according to that, boom, proof, this chart,
boom, proof, look at how the, you know, the Wilshire index is blah, blah, blah, right? Proof,
right? The good news is that, um, the good news is that when you realize that, like you do now,
you'll be able to make little moves that will protect your buying power.

And in fact, allow you
to make money and that's why boom, next claim. Right. And so that, you know, but I don't force
it. And so you've got to, is there anything that I can say? Um, is there anything that I can say
that, uh, naturally fits with that?

If not, you don't always have to have a, uh, a benefit for
every, like when you're addressing something negative, when you're, when you're kind of sometimes
early on, what happens is you're stating the problem, right? That you're, you're, you're
stating the problem and you're just establishing the belief in their mind that this problem exists. And if I don't do something about this, I'm going to, um, I'm going to, you know, I'm going to get
pounded, right? Like I'm going to lose all my money or I'm going to, you know, my business is going to
continue to struggle, blah, blah, blah. Sometimes there is no like explicit benefit.

And what I say
is the beauty is that with what you're about to learn, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Right. And so I'm constantly, even when I'm talking, even when I'm negative, getting, getting negative on
something, I'm still bringing it back to them. And I'm still showing them the good news is that this
is the good news is, is that you don't have to worry about that because what you're about to learn
is going to protect you from blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And that's why you want to understand the
power of a big idea, right?

Like hopefully that makes, that makes sense, Glenn. And so just don't force it. Uh, Ed asks a question, how do you balance not having too many claims and benefits in the marketing
argument so that it doesn't take away from prospects desire for your offer? So it's a good
question, Ed. So, um, I don't, I don't, I don't reduce or, or, uh, or increase the volume of claims
that I present in my marketing campaign.

I let the thesis drive what the volume of, of, of claims,
right? And so I'm not predetermining. I'm only going to have five claims in here or three claims
or two claims or, you know, or six claims. Uh, I don't predetermine that. I just, I start with the
thesis and then I ask myself, like Pete said, what do they need to believe to believe that?

What do
they need to believe? What do they need to understand? And sometimes like, look, what do
they need to believe could be something new or it could be the reverse of an existing belief,
right? So they might believe that having a, um, having a marketing funnel is the answer. Well, my job is to show them that that's not true, right?

They might believe that they can use
a templated email or excuse me, a templated headline. And my job is to show them why, um,
that's not the case in, in, in most markets. So sometimes you're introducing something new,
a new belief. Other times you're changing an old belief, either way you're establishing
beliefs. And they're like, just like an attorney would, uh, a prosecutor would never say, I'm only
going to, I'm only going to establish three beliefs in this case.

That's it. No more. I'm no less. They
present the, the, the things that they need to present in order to get buy-in on the, um, on the
thesis. And the thing to understand Ed is that when you're doing it in this context where you are tying
it back to benefits, you are showing them what this means for them, really what you're doing,
the way to look at it is as the campaign, if, if, if this was, let's, let's do this.

Let me do this. Let's, uh, oops. Um, well, I was going to say, I was going to do this again, but let, let's,
let me do it like this. Let me do a different color here. And let's say that this was the kind
of excitement line of the prospect, right?

Like this is the excitement line. This is their,
their excitement level. Well, really it's going up as you continue. When you do this, it's going up
and it's going up because as you are leading them through the argument and presenting all of your,
all of your claims and proof, their belief in your unique mechanism is going up. And when their
belief in your unique mechanism is going up, their belief in their opportunity to experience the payoff
is going up.

They begin to get more and more excited about what this can do for them. And so
don't look at it as the more claims that you have, the less their excitement gets, the more their
excitement gets, when you're doing it correctly, because the more you're proving why they can
expect the outcome that you promised them. And so hopefully that makes, um, sense, Ed. And so
there you go. And just remember Ed and, and for everybody else, just remember that the,
this, right, even though we're making claims, understand that we're delivering value because
we're educating.

And so we're getting them excited because they're learning, they're changing their
perspective in their mind. They're gaining insights that are valuable and precious as a means of
accomplishing or achieving the, that outcome, that result. And by the end, they're extremely excited. They're extremely excited because you've established this belief in their mind that they can finally
have the thing that they, that they wanted. Right.

And it's all because you've proven to them that
your mechanism is the answer. And so hopefully that, uh, that makes sense. Uh,
uh, so Ed asks one more question. Can your lessons on flawless copywriting be applied on live webinars,
VSLs and stage selling as well? Absolutely.

I don't like, I, like I mentioned at the beginning of
today's call and I'll, I'll, since we're at the top of the hour, I'll wrap it up with this. My approach to creating a marketing argument, uh, that ultimately leads to the sale is no different. Whether I'm presenting from stage, whether I'm on a webinar, whether I am in a VSL, right? Whether
I'm in a multi-part video sequence, it does not change. I'm doing the same thing, right?

And so if I
was creating a VSL, I would do the same exact thing that I would do if I was creating a multi-part video
sequence. Granted, there are some slight nuance changes to, to when certain information gets
presented when you're doing a multi-part video sequence compared to, you know, a VSL. Um, but
you know, to, to me, right. The, the, the bulk of what it is that I'm doing is identical, right? Because understand, right.

I, I need them to buy into the fact, this is the way to think about it. We can, we can wrap it up with, with this. I need them to buy into the fact that I've got
the solution, not a solution, the solution to their situation, to their problem, to their
circumstance. I have the answer to what will give them what they want. That's what, that's all,
whether I'm doing that from stage, doing that on a webinar, doing that in a VSL, doing that
over a video series.

That's what I'm doing. I that's my job. And the way I go about doing that
is the same, regardless of the medium, regardless of the medium, everything I'm doing, showing,
presenting, demonstrating is designed to get buy-in on the fact that I've got the solution to what they
want. I've got the answer, the best answer, the answer that is far superior to any other, uh, any other,
uh, um, possible, you know, solution out there. I have the answer.

That's all I'm doing,
right? That's all I'm doing it. All I'm doing. The beauty is that we are doing it right. We're doing it
with, um, education, right?

We're doing it with education. And so we're doing it in, in, in a way
that is perceived as valuable and beneficial. And really it is, it is because I'm not just trying to
pitch them on this. I'm showing them why they should be excited about this. And so does that
make sense?

Guys and gals, everybody got that? Give me a heck yeah in the go-to webinar box. Cool. Ed says, yes, Pete. Yup.

Thanks. Um, cool. Awesome. Glenn. Heck yeah.

Heck yeah. Thanks,
Todd. You got it. Awesome. So you guys and gals are out.

Keep your eye out this week for some
important updates for A&M. We're continuing to add in new stuff. We're making some, um, some cool
changes, some new changes. I'm kind of actually cool. Very cool.

You're going to see this announcement
shortly. Um, I'm so proud of, so David Pereira, uh, has gotten an amazing opportunity that I told him to
jump at, to play a big role in the marketing department for dedicated emails, a company that,
uh, we've used that we recommend. And it's just a tremendous opportunity for David to spread his wings
and start playing a, uh, a monster role in the marketing. As you guys and gals know,
I hold two positions in my company. So I'm the CEO, as well as the, uh, marketing, uh,
the chief marketing officer.

And so there's only one room for a king, uh, as chief marketing officer. And so this is an opportunity for David to spread his wings and I couldn't be more proud of him. And so
what that means is that, uh, I'm excited to be, um, really spending more time with our A&M folks. I'm going to be bringing Damien in to spend more time. Damien is my chief operations officer
at MFA.

He also oversees all of our traffic, um, generation. And so I'm super excited for him
to, um, to be doing that for you. David, of course, will still be around and still be hanging out in the
community and still be sharing. And we'll probably have him on as a guest sharing all the things that
he's doing. Um, from a marketing perspective, we'll probably share some of his campaigns,
uh, as well, but yeah, some cool stuff, some exciting stuff.

And so, um, and so just keep
your eye out for some great stuff. Uh, we'll be announcing, uh, more stuff this, uh, this week
for you guys and gals. And so with that, you guys are out and I will talk to you, um, shortly. And so take care of everybody.
