---
title: "May 30, 2019"
date: 2019-06-03
duration: 48m
duration_seconds: 2937
vimeo_id: 340092107
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# May 30, 2019

**Date:** 2019-06-03 | **Duration:** 48m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

All right, everybody, welcome to Weekly NN Call, guidance and feedback, not only from
the man, himself, Mr. Todd Brown, but myself as well. You're listening to the voice of Damian Lemprench, Todd Brown's business partner, COO of Marketing
Funnel Automation, and media buying guy. And so we are here, really, really excited to get everybody in here and some new faces
coming in as well, which is always exciting when we get new folks in. And so we are on Zoom.

We just transitioned to Zoom, which is kind of cool and pretty smooth last week. I thought I liked it. And so everybody out there, I also have my guys coming in, my shadow, the first and original
shadow, really exciting, Mr. Sam, and then Jeff, which is really, really awesome. And so I'm going to promote Jeff.

You've been promoted, Jeff, and I'm going to promote Sam as well in case they need to do
something. You could keep your camera off or on, doesn't matter to me, but just telling you, Jeff,
we can all see your handsome hair there. So we could all see you. All right. So if everybody could just chat up and let me know, you can hear me and you can see my
screen and then we're going to get into it.

Loud and clear, loud and clear. Awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome. And Sam, you could just make a note or Jeff, when we post this up for everybody, let's
just trim off to start. Nobody needs to hear the sound check two times in a row, as exciting as it is. All right, everybody.

Welcome to Acquire Monetized Live Traffic Q&A. You're listening to the voice of Damian Lenfranchi, Todd Brown's business partner, COO, and media
buying guide guru. I don't know what you want to call me. I'm the media buying dude, if you want to call me that, here every other week, again,
every single week inside of A&M, you have a chance to get direct guidance and feedback
on the most important parts of your business to get more sales, more profits in your pocket,
your conversions, with Mr. Todd Brown happens every other week, the live conversion feedback
call, which everybody needs to be on and submitting on regularly.

And then the other part of your business, which is the traffic, getting the bodies in the
door to see those amazing offers, messaging, big idea mechanisms, hooks, arguments, and
all that stuff so that you can acquire more new customers, more customer sales, and just
move your business, your bank account forward, and of course, help a lot of people in the
process. And so, we've got some great questions that have come in. We have a lot to cover. Really, really exciting. I have Mr.

Sam and Mr. Jeff, me as well. You guys, you can unmute your phone if you want to say hello, guys. Hey, hey. Hey, what's going on?

Sam and Jeff, these guys have just been tremendous. We started this vision about, I don't know, what was it, Sam? It was just before the start of the new year, right? Yeah, it was November. Yeah.

So, we had tried a number of times to bring new people into the MFA team. And honestly, what would happen is they would come in and we'd kind of give them a title
and a role. And inevitably, they just couldn't mesh with the culture and speed that we work. And so, I decided to switch things around. And I kind of, I don't know where the idea came from, Sam, but I'm glad it came because
it's been a tremendous addition for us.

And now, we're equally excited to have Jeff, which was to have a marketing shadow, to have
somebody that just kind of, kind of like a wingman that goes in the trenches, gets dropped
in guerrilla warfare. And every time I need something more and more, I start handing things off. And so, Sam started that journey at the beginning of January, did such a phenomenal job. We had a role come open and he was our first choice and the only person we've looked at
and considered because of the way he showed such promise. And then we were so excited about the success of having Sam that we decided to invite Jeff
at an opportunity.

So, he's just started a handful of weeks, but he's been in, he's actually been in the
trenches with me, redoing some really cool E5 retargeting video stuff, which maybe we'll
share that with them in two weeks, Jeff, once it's all up. Yeah, sounds good. And yeah, so really, really exciting stuff. And so, you never know. Hey, we might open the door again in a couple months and you might have an opportunity.

But right now, I'm just excited to have these guys on, to ask some questions, manage your
comments. Hey, Jean-Michel Chow. Hey, Michael. And also, hey, special welcome to Carl Trump, one of our newest members we accepted into
our Top 1 program. Carl's just an amazing guy, dad, has a Disney business, publication business, is doing some
big things and now excited to have him join the echelon of marketers and entrepreneurs
we work with in Top 1 to do some huge, huge stuff together.

And so excited to have you here as well. So, we're going to jump in. Again, you have the opportunity. You're welcome, Carl. You always have the opportunity before these calls to submit anything you want guidance
and feedback on.

Well, not anything. Like, if you need relationship help, I don't know if I'm going to be very useful for you. But anything related to traffic calls with me or conversion with Todd. And then, of course, if you have some questions at the end, we'll cover them. So, we're going to jump right in.

So, the first question comes from Mr. Thomas Nesnate. I think it's Nesnate. Well, I'm going to unmute Thomas in a second. And he says, I'd like to ask you for a Facebook ad copy review and compliance review, Better
Trade Academy, Thomas and Andrew.

And they're also Top 1 members. Really cool from Australia. Really excited to have these guys on. They have great business. And so, I'm going to – can one of you guys unmute Thomas for me, please?

Let's see. Thomas, you there, buddy? I don't know if I have that capability. You don't know if you have that power? Yeah.

Okay. Maybe I have power. Yeah, I don't have that power. Okay. I'm going to mute.

Thomas, can you hear us, buddy? One, two, three. Can you hear me? Yes, I can hear you, Thomas. How are you?

Yeah. Hi, Damien. Very well. How are you? Thank you very much for getting our submission to review.

I'm very excited. What do you say? I'm excited. As well. Now, how do you pronounce your last name?

Miss Needle. Yeah. It sounds so much fancier when you say it. When I say it, I'm butchering it. But when you say it, it sounds Miss Needle.

It sounds very fancier. Yeah. And there's actually a mistypo. Oh, S-S-N, not N-A, but N-I-D-A-D-E-L. Oh, I apologize for that.

Okay. Miss Needle. Miss Needle. N-E-S-N-I-D-A-L, but it doesn't matter. Okay.

So we're going to look at, you know, we're going to look at this URL in just a second. But before we do that, there's a couple of things. And this is for everybody in the call. Again, as we go through this, I don't want you to ever feel like, oh, we're talking to Thomas. I'm going to go have a soda.

I want everybody here to absorb, to just completely get indoctrinated to the way that we think about ads, the way that I run ads, and the way that we approach this. And so they're about to go live. It's a question of both reviewing the copy and reviewing compliance. And so a couple of things first, and this is what I talk about with everybody. Honestly, this sounds basic, but I've missed this step.

A lot of times I get so excited to just write whiz-bang copy that you skip some of the most important parts, which is first, let's slow down for a second and ask, who is the target prospect? Specifically, what is their level of awareness? And so, Thomas, for this offer, for everybody here, Thomas and his partner, Andrew, have a really awesome company. They've built a great seven-figure business in the financial space with teaching algorithmic trading platform. And so who is the target prospect?

Describe just briefly. Don't get me to that. You know, it's a mom who enjoys taking a doctor. But like just generally speaking, who is the target prospect and what's their level of awareness, Thomas? Right.

So in general, this audience is already aware of solutions and it's already aware of products as well, because there's quite a few products on the market which can help to build strategies and build them fast. So they are aware. And also our target group, they're savvy, smart people. So, it's a pretty major, highly competitive market. And our target group in general is very pragmatic.

They are pretty much logic-driven and, yeah, basically numbers and logic and stuff like that. And they're also pretty valuable clients because our clients usually, once they're satisfied, they are happy to spend quite a lot of money with us. But it's very, very difficult to get them on board, so to speak, because there's a lot of crooks in our market. So there's a lot of mistrust and also a lot of skepticism. In general, our market is very skeptical, very skeptical.

Okay. Okay. And that's true of the finance investing space. It's true, honestly, of anything in the make money, whether it's make money in business, biz op, finance, people, right? The, you know, it's a lot easier, right, to write an ad about gardening.

People, maybe I can grow some bigger tini. I think I can believe this guy. But whenever you say you're going to put more money in somebody's pocket, people always get a little sketch. And rightfully so, because that's where the biggest sort of scams and false claims and promises come from. Now, one more question before I go to the next part of this, Thomas, which is, you said they're aware.

And this is interesting. I might actually unmute Glenn at some point. Glenn is another one of our top one members. We're going to meet Glenn, Thomas. Glenn's been in the finance space for a number of years, doing publications, doing some really cool stuff.

You guys will get along great. I might unmute Glenn in just a moment. Maybe we'll get another perspective from Glenn. But let me ask you a question. So, when you say aware, are you saying they're aware that there are other chart-based or investing strategies and methodologies?

Or are you saying they're aware of other algorithmic trading approaches? Both. They are aware that there are other approaches, but they are also aware there are other solutions. And in general, our niche is pretty small. There are just a few people serving this niche.

And a lot of our audience is aware of the competition. So, yeah. Aware of both solution and also other approaches. Yeah. And everybody, you're going to understand why I'm asking these questions and why you all need to ask these questions when you put your ad copy together.

Because as we're going to see in a second, there are certain things that Thomas mentioned in his copy that depending on their awareness level and who the target prospect is,
either is going to hook them in and get the right people to raise their hand or it's going to completely confuse a whole lot of people. So, we're going to get to that in a second. Now, the question is, inside of Facebook, do you have either a list you're uploading, a lookalike audience, or are you able to specifically target that audience? Because that's very important for everybody here, right? So, we've heard from Thomas, right?

He said, listen, our ideal person is an investor. They understand about training. They're aware of what it is. They're solution aware. But now the question is, can we reach those people, right?

I mean, in our world, right, my ideal thing is like, hey, give me a million people. I understand the importance of, you know, average transaction size and are committed to investing in their business to improve their average transactions. I can't find those people and target those people very easily on Facebook. I can let the AI go after them, but I can't target them so easily. So, I just want to make sure that as we understand who we can reach, Thomas, that we're – that's aligned with the approach.

So, you looked around and are there people, are there publications through software and are those targetable on Facebook? Have you checked that? So, from our past experiences, it looks like the best approach is to use the lookalike audience. And this add points specifically to a webinar, and the webinar sells a 197 product. And we already have hundreds of customers who have purchased this product.

So, we have a pretty big lookalike audience. It's definitely a couple of hundreds of people. Okay. All right. So, we're going to start with some lookalikes.

That's definitely a strategy worth testing for sure. And we talked about their awareness. So, again, these are questions we ask. We don't just jump in and say, well, let's tweak this word. Let's – we have to ask these questions.

So, what we do is savvy markers, and I want everybody to pay attention to that. I'm going to ask you one more – we'll make one more point, and I want to hear from you. And this is for everybody, and Todd and I have been talking about this. Sam and Jeff, you put this on the call, and you could add some color to this because I know Todd said it just so well. And I'm not sure if I'm going to capture it just exactly right.

But when we come up with a marketing message, we always want to get to the simplest version of the idea. Do you remember we had this conversation, Sam? Yeah, many times. I forgot the campaign we were talking about, but, you know, it's just so important that a lot of times we can kind of come up with this idea, and it could be great. But ultimately, especially from a Facebook app, right, it's interruption marketing on Facebook.

For the most part, again, people are saying hi to their grandmother and looking at pictures of cats, right? They're not thinking about you and your solution, even if they are a target prospect. And so we need to make sure that when we grab their attention, it not only has to be compelling, but it has to be the simplest version of the idea because if they're confused and they're like, wait, this has to do with the CIA and some documents, but also has to do with the new trend in monoculture crops and conversion, they're going to be like, I have no idea what this is about. Ooh, cat. And they just go on to the next thing, right?

We have to grab them immediately, right? That's why if you've heard Todd teach about it and analyze it, you know, the huge, probably all-time best Agorah promotion, the end of America, you know, it was so big because it was just an idea that you immediately like, dude, it's the end of America. Like the currency and the value is about to be decimated in a way you've never seen. It's going to change. Like immediately it grabbed you by the throat and understood what it was.

It was really clear. So before I open up your copy, just in your own words for myself, for Sam, Jeff, and everybody on the call, Thomas, I want to hear from you the simplest version of your idea. Wow. I haven't thought about this. So the simplest version of the idea.

That's a very good question. The simplest version of the idea is there's a new way to build viable trading strategies fast, or there's a little known way of building trading strategies fast. Okay. Okay. So, so that's, that's a very simple, but, but what's compelling about it, right?

There's a new way to build trade trading strategies fast, right? We want to, we don't want to just go simple, meaning the fewest words. Okay. Okay. We want to get to, right.

If I were to say to you like, Hey, Thomas, you know, these medical doctors are researching cancer, but instead they made this weird compound that actually speeds up your metabolism. It even has the hardest weight loss people lose about a guaranteed pound a day because of what this compound will do. And it actually expands your life, you know, your lifespan. You'd be like, Whoa, what's this art? You know, again, this is all make-bossed.

I think it's something simple to articulate. And so, okay, you're able to generate trading strategies faster. Why do I, why do I want more trading strategies? What's the value of faster? Uh, so the value of faster is, that's basically one of the biggest hurdles to create a trading strategy.

It takes a lot of time and a lot of effort, a lot of sleepless nights. So that's one of the biggest hurdles of the industry. Uh, and the product is specifically targeted for busy traders, which is the vast majority of our clients because based on our research, they most struggle with time. And this is a solution that will, uh, uh, cut the time needed to produce a viable trading strategy tremendously by up to 90%. And the way we do it is that we're using, um, a specific mechanism, which is called combination screening, which we, which is normally used by big pharmaceutical industries, which we, which use, uh, the same process, uh, to, uh, sample, to randomly sample, uh, new treatments.

And, uh, they're tremendously speeding up, uh, the, the efficiency and, uh, their results. They, they are able to find something new. So pause for a second. Um, so, so what you just said, now you're starting to catch my interest, right? It took us a while, a little bit of dialogue, but now it's part of the interest.

So what's interesting, if I'm, I'm interested in algorithmic trading is, Hey, you can generate algorithmic trading recommendations, 90% faster by leveraging this unique method called combination screening. That was discovered, um, that has been proven in working side of the pharmaceutical industry on breakthrough drugs, you know, like, and that's kind of like, okay, that's kind of interesting. Right. You know, let's, I would switch it around. Maybe let's, let's position a little around a little bit and just say, Hey, uh, you know, the, the, the proven, uh, clinic, you know, proven clinical methodology.

Uh, you know, known as combination screening, you successfully in the pharmaceutical industry for years has allowed, you know, is now, you know, is now allowing us to generate algorithmic trading recommendations, 90% faster than anything else. That's ever been seen before with that interest, with that interest, with that interest, with that interest, your prospect. Yeah. Yeah. Brilliant.

Got it. Yeah. Um, but do you see the way that's a simpler, it's a simpler, it's a simpler idea, right? They found the process inside of big pharma companies, and now you're using it to get algorithmic, algorithmic, uh, trading recommendations, 90% faster than anything that's ever been seen before. Right.

Yeah, I understand. Yeah, that, that's really good. And so now what, if we come to, I'm opening up your copy here, um, is combination screening, the new hope for algorithmic traders. Um, so I would, you know, a European trader and hedge fund manager recently confessed that finding reliable algorithmic trading strategy is much harder than most traders think. Although many algorithmic trading gurus keep pressed, promising fast financial reward with no work, the reality is way harsher.

If you want to succeed in trading markets, get ready for sleep at night's later. Um, this seems really long for Facebook copy, and it also doesn't grab them right away. You know, I would use copy that would be similar to what we just came up with, right? Um, you know, you know, I would figure out what, you know, I'd write the lead, and then I would worry about the Facebook copy, worry about the headline, but it would probably start. And it would just say, Hey, anyone who has, is currently using algorithmic trading or is considering using algorithmic trading needs to pay close attention to this because, you know, we recently, you know, uh, whatever we recently discovered, researched, uh, you know, whatever.

We recently had a massive breakthrough where we took the, you know, the proven, uh, QA methodology used by big pharma companies to, to find the biggest breakthrough drugs faster than their competitors. And we were able to adapt it to the algorithmic trading world. We've done something that's never been seen before. It's actually producing algorithmic trading recommendations, 90% faster than anything else that's ever been seen. It's actually shocking.

And I've been doing this for over 40 years or 30 years or whatever it is. Um, I'm sharing the entire breakthrough on this really cool little, you know, workshop. It only takes 51 minutes. And, uh, if you have any interest in it all, this is a must see. In fact, I'm pretty sure your job will drop open by time.

We're done. Um, you know, so click here, grab a spot on the free workshop and, uh, and I'll show the entire
breakthrough with you. Awesome. Thank you. That's very, very helpful.

Uh, you're welcome. Um, and the beauty is the beauty here because of what you shared, um, with me, Thomas, is
that how we get around the claim, right? Cause if we start putting claims in there of like, Hey, you're going to make this much
money on a trade, right? Fine finance. Again, I've said this to everybody finance and health is under the biggest, you know,
sort of scrutiny level, right?

If you're growing vegetables back to the vegetables again, uh, cause I'm thinking of our buddy,
James Glenn, um, you know, back to that, if you're growing vegetables, like you're not
on the same level of compliance scrutiny as if you're in finance or you're in, uh, the
sort of the health niche. And so what's beautiful about this is Thomas is rather than making a claim around, you're
going to make more money. You're going to 10 extra return. You're going to make $50,000 in a month. You're able to make a claim around generating algorithmic trading recommendations, 90% faster
than anything else that's being done in the market.

Um, you know, you'll have to be careful. You'll have to kind of work through a little bit, um, articulating what the benefit is to
traders. Obviously, you know, you'll have to say like, you know, no more sleepless nights, you know,
less frustration, less time, you know, less time waiting on the sidelines and more time
executing on the, on the trades you want to make. You know, you'll have to figure out ways to say that to, you know, you kind of get to
it right here in your copy, but articulate those benefits. Does that make sense?

Absolutely. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. And, and that's how I would go about it. And I think that'll keep you clear.

I think that has a good shot of not raising any, uh, compliance flags, uh, but also being
really compelling to your market. Fantastic. Yes. Okay. Thank you, Damien.

Very, very helpful. Thank you. Absolutely. Absolute pleasure. Excited to see.

And I would really recommend, you know, Todd's obviously, uh, has a ton of insight into
the finance space, uh, from his unique relationship with Agora. So I strongly recommend that you, um, reach out to him on the conversion call next week and
send your updated stuff. Yeah, we've developed with, with big help of Todd, we actually developed the opt-in page,
which you can see from the link above and, uh, yeah, we've been working on this for nearly
two months. Um, so I think the opt-in page is pretty, uh, much done and, uh, now we need to, uh, continue
and get a copy for the Facebook at, uh, done as well. Gotcha.

All right. Awesome, Thomas. All right. So I'm going to, I'm going to kindly just mute you, Thomas. Thank you very much.

Thank you. Let's, uh, keep going on at Thomas short, trust one syllable there. All right. So next up, let's talk Jean-Michel Chau. Uh, Jean-Michel, always a pleasure to have you.

Let's, uh, I'm out, uh, Jean-Michel. Do you use manual bidding, uh, bidding, biting, bidding in your campaigns? Do you have any best practices to share? Um, all right, Jean-Michel, are you there? Yeah.

Hey, Damien. Can you hear me? How are you? How are you? I'm good.

You? Uh, very good. Cool. All right. So Jean-Michel Chau is asking a question.

He says, uh, about mid-eight bidding. And so this is a pretty easy one. Let me kind of come through how I would approach it. So, uh, so I do not use manual bidding, uh, personally, Jean-Michel Chau. Again, everybody has their own approaches.

I'm just going to share in the trenches what I do. Uh, I've continually found that my ads and campaigns don't get served this quickly or
frequently with manual bidding. I feel a lot of times, again, and I've said this before on calls that, you know, Facebook
really favors letting their algorithm, their system, uh, do what it does best. And the more you put restrictions, the more it can tend to sort of have some issues. Um, so the exception to this rule is when retargeting, for example.

So I may manually bid extremely high to overstatch, saturate my reach to a highly targeted
hot prospect list. Uh, in addition, it helps you reach, you know, to reach optimal CPAs more. So, so first of all, I would use bidding if I needed to reach an audience. It's like, if I had a cart open, a cart closed, a launch, and I wanted to make sure I really
hit my audience hard. I might do manual bids just to drive up, uh, because I know that the ROI is there and make
sure that I just aggressively hit those people.

Even if my frequency, which is how often the ads serve goes up a lot. Uh, in addition, what'll help you more in terms of reaching optimal CPAs rather than trying
to like hack the bid strategy is by feeding Facebook maximum conversions. And so one, the way to do this is, you know, when you get a new campaign live, if you have
a list, launch it to your list at the same time, this way, Facebook's kind of sees that
goal bell ringing over and over and the campaign gets grabby and momentum. Does that make sense? Yeah, totally.

Yeah. Um, do you have any questions with that, Jean-Michel? Uh, no, that's it. Thanks so much for the insight. Okay, cool.

Absolute pleasure. Absolute pleasure. All right. So let me mute Jean-Michel. Oh, Jean-Michel is muted.

Thank you. All right. It seems that compliance on Facebook is more important than ever. Can you explain the difference between a direct and indirect claim and when they are not allowed? So let's talk about direct versus indirect claim.

So here's an example of direct claim. So my product will make you lose 20 pounds in two weeks. You are guaranteed to earn an extra thousand dollars a day instantly. Anyone who follows my method will get result X. Okay.

Those are direct claims. Direct claims on Facebook, uh, especially when related to health or finance. Again, you could still get flagged for, you know, this will get you bigger tomatoes guaranteed in two, two weeks. You know, especially when you add, uh, that's important. Whenever you add a time restraint on something, um, like this will happen by this day.

Uh, that's when you kind of really start to raise the flag. Um, an indirect claim is going to look more like this. Here's how I did my first five figure sales day or Bob followed these seven steps to lose 10 pounds for his wedding day. And, or this is the process I advise my clients to follow to get a five times ROI on their ad spend. Those are indirect claims.

And so, um, in terms of when they are and are not allowed, you want to stay clear of direct claims in your ads and on the web pages, especially the page after the click. Right. Um, Facebook, uh, I've heard, and again, it's all hearsay. Um, but I've heard more and more that Facebook is looking at all the pages inside of a funnel. I don't know.

I can't tell you if that's true or not, but I can tell you for a fact that the first page after the click is what's going to get scrutinized the most. And so you want to make sure you avoid direct claims in that space. Uh, however, obviously you're free to make the clear claims in emails inside of your webinar, inside of messenger. Uh, you are able to make those direct claims. Um, and so you just want to make sure you, you handle it properly.

Does that make sense, Sam? Did I answer that question? Okay. Yeah, you did. Uh, and with, with indirect claims, is there any moment where that wouldn't be okay or all indirect is fine?

Um, as long as it's, I mean, listen, at some point, I mean, at some point that, right, at some point, right. If you're Tony Robbins, you're spending a million dollars, everything's going to get scrutinized. If you're a gore, everything's going to get scrutinized. But for the average player, seven figure business, multiple six figure, um, as long as you keep your direct claims off of Facebook's platform and off of directly where you're sending them, um, then you should be okay. Okay.

But what about the, uh, indirect, is there any type of indirect claim that should be cautioned with? Um, no, indirect, you're generally okay. Um, again, but just use common sense, right? We don't want to make an indirect claim. That's like, here's what I did to lose 97 pounds in just three days.

Yeah. You know, um, so that, that's the issue. So, um, I want to start, I'm going to hand the ball to you, Sam, since I have it for six. So I've read some of the gurus that using a pattern interrupt is best for image ads. Is that true?

If so, what form of pattern interrupt gets you the best result? So before I give some examples, can you explain, just take two or three minutes to explain everybody what a pattern interrupt is and why it works in marketing? Yeah, pattern interrupt is just when you show something or say something that your prospect is not used to hearing or seeing in their daily life. So, for example, their competitors are all saying one thing. So you kind of say the opposite.

It's, uh, it's, it's a new pattern that their brain hasn't been able to categorize. So they actually have to pay attention to it. Um, and that's why it's important because before you can get your message read or engaged with, you need to get the attention first. Um, okay. What else would you add to that?

Hmm. In terms of this question specifically on the screen or should I let you answer them? Yeah. Specifically to just pattern up routes in their, in their place of marketing. Yeah.

So there, there are, I mean, just one thing that I always follow is there are true pattern interrupts, which is like what we just did with Thomas, like a simple, but compelling idea. But then there are gimmicky pattern interrupts, which is the classic, you know, what this, uh, you know, what this goldfish, you know, how this goldfish can like make you rich or whatever. I'll explain in just a second. That's a gimmicky. Gotcha.

Yeah. All right. So let me give you some, um, let me give you some idea. Cool. Um, and I'm going to give some examples.

That sound good. Yeah. All right. So inside of the Facebook world, we were put a pattern up. This is thumb stoppers is what we talk about.

Cause people are scrolling on their, their cell phone when they're supposed to be paying attention to their wives or their employers. Um, and now all of a sudden it stops. And so here's the trick. Generally speaking, Facebook ads that look like ads do not perform well. And again, this comes from all the ad data and all the ads that I've run because Facebook is a social platform.

Um, so you need to find pattern interrupts that also look like they could be real organic posts and don't be cutesy. I like being cutesy. I'm kind of funny and cutesy by nature. I don't know. Let's see.

I feel very awkward, but I just should that with everybody. But when it comes to creating ads, like, you know, Sam, I always come up with some wacky kind of funny little off the wall thing to do. Uh, and as much as it looks real cute, um, it usually doesn't pull. So let me give an example of what I would call sort of pattern interrupts or thumb stoppers, but at the same time look like they belong on a platform. So this is a picture I use.

Um, this is doing a Gora promotion. It's a picture of a guy looking, you know, and this looks like a real picture. It doesn't look like an ad. It just looks like a real picture that you go, wait, you know, um, Hey Vin, yes, Vinny, it's live. What is it?

You know, it kind of stops you. Um, but again, it doesn't necessarily scream. I am an ad by my product. Does that make sense, Sam? Yeah.

Here's another example. This was when we did, uh, the book giveaway at TNC as well as Funnel Hacking Live. Um, you know, we gave away our book and so we took a picture of their bag and we had our book blurred out. Again, this looks like a real picture on Facebook, right? It doesn't look, even though it is an ad, doesn't scream ad to you.

Okay. Does it scream ad to you, Sam? No, it's, uh, just curiosity. That red circle. I love those.

Love the red circle, right? Or the arrow. Uh, this is an ad we've run, right? This is our marketing grid. Looks a little bit more like an ad, but still, uh, again, it looks like something that would show, right?

It's thumb stopping. Okay. What is this grid? What is this triangle? What's the person pointing to?

What does this have to do with the biggest opportunity in marketing, uh, catches your
attention, but it's, you know, it's not super cutie. Uh, and it looks like something, uh, that would show up. Granted, I could have, uh, had Josh do this photo and put a drop, better drop photo before
the hand and, or shoot this image myself, which I did when I did the big up marketing idea formula
on my hand ad, uh, which I showed a while ago. Um, that's an example, right? Looks real, looks organic, but still thumb stopping.

Here's another example, uh, when we did the, uh, masters of media buying and the Agora
media buying, uh, bootcamp launch, uh, we took a picture inside this room, put a big
thing below. It says never before shared. It says never before shared a very interesting looking room, a bunch of people sitting down. Um, and then it talks about Agora's, you know, 1000 X traffic generation system. Um, those are all examples of what I would call thumb stopping, but at the same time is going
to focus on that.

Does that make sense then? Yeah. It's like, uh, you're not really using stock photos or something that looks like stock. They all look pretty real. Yeah.

And that's the point, right? Stock photos smell like stock photos. Very hard not for them. Um, okay. So let's keep going here.

Let's see what we've got next. Uh, and ask yourself, right. If this was in my feed, would it arrest my attention? Um, that's really important as well. Um, and you just kind of do that test, right?

You put it up and you ask yourself, I mean, it's the same thing you do if you were running
ads and an offline publication or, or banner ad, you just go like, Hey, would this grab
my eyes? Would I pay attention to this? What? I want to click this. Okay.

Um, next question. I feel like when I'm trying to write compliant copy, it's boring and it wouldn't make people
click. Are there strategies, techniques for writing compliant ad copy? That's also compelling. And that's important, right?

That's the world of, of all ad platforms, but especially Facebook today, it is about being
a good citizen, being compliant, but also being compelled. So a couple of strategies. So you can make indirect claims, which we just talked about, which done right are ultra
compelling, right? Done right is in the details, right? Ultra compelling claims are in the details of not just like, Hey, this is how, what I
did to increase my business.

But it's like, Hey, you know, I never bought my wife a gift over a hundred dollars before,
but when I finally got my first thousand dollar sales day, here's how I did it. And here's what I bought my wife. Like that's way more compelling than, you know, here's how I grew my business. Right? So you can make indirect claims, which are compelling.

Tell stories, Facebook, love stories. Facebook is a social story based platform. Um, and then remember, you know, everyone is always making the same promise or claim,
right? The promise of claim doesn't change, right? Everybody wants to lose weight.

Everybody wants to grow their business. Everyone wants to retire early. It's all in your big idea. That's what we talk again and again, why you need to be on the conversion call. Study the E5 method.

Um, you know, it's about how you capture their imagination, which are idea, which we just
kind of worked on before you saw that example, when we worked on that with Thomas, as well
as a unique mechanism that piques the curiosity and evokes hope because they've never seen
or tried anything like it before. Again, for, to go back to what we worked on with Thomas, right? Algorithmic trading, getting algorithmic trading done 90% faster. And they go, Oh, everybody made that promise. But then all of a sudden he says, you know, because we're using a methodology we uncovered from
big farm companies that they've been using for decades to get breakthrough drugs to the
master market faster than their competitors.

Uh, it's called, you know, uh, uh, something screening. I forgot what the first word was. And then you go, Oh, I've never tried that. And that gets people excited. It's not about making a different promise, right?

We're not going to promise, you know, you will retire, you know, laughing more, right? That's not what people want. People want more money. They want to lose weight. They want a bigger business.

They want less work. And now you have to come up with the idea and the mechanism. That's how you write complying copy. That's also compelling. Um, we have one more question that actually is a multi question and we'll see if Michael
is here.

Michael is here. So I'm going to unmute Michael in just a second. And so Michael is launching his, uh, minimum viable funnel. Um, and so want to kind of talk through, uh, he has a bunch of questions. And so what I'm going to do, because these are a lot of questions and this is kind of
the, the details of setting up minimum viable funnels.

And so I'm going to walk through this and then I'm going to unmute you at the end. Uh, Michael, just, just a lot to cover and I want to make sure it's clear for everybody. So we're going to start at the top and Sam, feel free to throw up a hand. If I, uh, if I miss anything, sound good. All right.

So how do you name the campaign knowing that we may later be changing the elements such
as the idea to lead them argument? Do we use one campaign called minimum viable funnel and launch new campaigns or just change
ad sets of ads? And so typically the campaign, and this is, I'm glad you're asking this question, Michael,
because last call I spent a lot of time talking about maybe you can mention how important
it is to keep data clean, uh, is that the campaign is the campaign. The, the campaign name is based on what the campaign is and what the objective. So it's either going to be conversions, uh, conversions, uh, whatever algorithmic trading
often, you know, conversions often dash algorithmic trading or conversion sale dash algorithmic
trading.

So if we change the idea, if we change the price point, uh, if our objective is the same,
which is to get them into this promotion and get them to either opt in or to buy the campaign
name's not going to change. Um, you'll just create new ad sets and new ads. Um, so that's his first question. Would you create an AB test of audiences and optimize budget across ads? I typically don't.

Um, I like to keep my hands on the wheel, not necessarily forcing, uh, you know, putting
restrictions on Facebook's AI. Uh, but I would test one or two audiences because what will happen a lot is if you're
not having a lot of ad, uh, a lot of ad dollars or a lot of data, Facebook won't
serve both audiences. And so after like $2, they'll go, Oh, we're only serving this audience. You won't know if the other audience works. So I wouldn't optimize budget across ad sets.

I would manually set a budget for the one or two ad audiences. You're going to test the beginning. Uh, I, you know, I have seen good results with lifetime budget in terms of question number
three. However, the bummer about lifetime budget is you could say, I'm going to run $300 for
the next four days, spend it as you see best. And then if it works, well, guess what?

Any learning that was done, well, you got to start it over and that's kind of a bummer. So I typically, unless I'm doing a launch or a time sensitive promotion, I'm going to
run daily, uh, from the beginning, uh, what's a good budget or timeframe for $120 product. Again, I would look to spend about $250 per ad set as a test, right? If I make it to two 50 and nobody does anything, I would pause and kind of look through my data,
look through my clicks and see what's happening. Um, and I would probably run about 60 to 80 bucks a day.

So I would do each ad set 60, 80 bucks a day. And then once I hit two 50, if I didn't see any, uh, any sales, I would stop. And again, I would also strongly recommend you do a two-step checkout here. So at least if you don't get sales, you're getting people that took the first step and
started to check out and gave you an email and phone number. So you can always follow up and find out if they didn't complete, why didn't they?

And that'll help you kind of find you the conversion process. In terms of big strategy, I always leave the default, not saying that there aren't,
there isn't value in doing other stuff. Um, but I don't do standard or accelerated. I will just run on the default conversion. Again, I generally have found that the more you tinker with settings, the more Facebook,
the AI is like, you think you know better than me?

Fine. You run it. And they kind of get a little bit of annoyed and it shows up in numbers. So I, I don't try to tweak too much, especially at the beginning. I try to stick with Facebook's recommendations and let them do what they do best since they
are smarter than we are.

Um, the ad set naming convention, I typically will just name the ad set based on whoever
the audience is. Uh, so, you know, uh, Tony Robbins fans dash mail, Tony Robbins fans dash over 30, uh, whatever
the case may be. Again, just keep it simple. Uh, it's going to be different for everybody's market or niche, but you want to make sure that
the average fifth grader could look, know what it's referencing, and you'll be able to keep
track of it as you go forward. Um, back to the point of default settings.

I generally recommend start with the default, uh, start with automatic placement. Um, after you get some data, you might realize, Hey, my users interact more on desktop or mobile,
and you might try tweaking it, but I would start with automatic placement. I would, this is a setting I would change. So I'm glad you brought this up, Michael. I would do a one day, uh, one day click conversion is typically what I set it at.

Um, unless you have a really, uh, higher price point, in which case you might be optimized
for something else. So I wouldn't do seven day click, uh, your attribution gets all crazy blurry. And so I would do either one day click or three days at most, uh, which I'm not even
sure that's an option. I typically do one day click, uh, and using an existing post for an ad rather than running
cold traffic, cold ad to cold traffic. So you can use an existing post.

Um, that's perfectly fine. Um, the method that I teach inside of internal traffic is setting up dark posts and then taking
the post IDs and reposting those. Um, and that allows you to manage all the comments and also get all the social feedback in one place. Um, however, you can use an existing post. If it's a good post that has some good feedback, there's nothing, uh, wrong with that.

The only thing is though, you have a post date on that. So some point that's going to become dated if people are like, oh, right, this is from
like November of 2018. It's not very interesting when that shows up in your feed. Uh, and then in terms of naming convention, if you're testing price, how would you reflect
that? What's really important when you set up your URLs, I'm glad you're asking these questions,
right?

Let's start smart, start organized, Michael. Is I would, you want to make sure you never split up the core part. So if it's bid dash details, um, I would put any appendage at the end. The reason is when you split it in the middle, when you're setting up audience rules, like,
Hey, any URL that contains bid dash details, do this, include this, exclude this. But when you put things in the middle of that, that URL strand, you're going to break the
rule.

And so Facebook, if you put bid dash details, it's not going to recognize bid dash seven
dash details. And so what you're doing is fine, except you want to move that number to the end of the
URL string, uh, that variation. So I'm going to unmute, uh, Michael in just a second. I'm sure you're going to need to play this back, Michael, because it's a lot of data,
a lot that I just shared, but, uh, I want to hear from you. See if you have more questions.

Michael. Hey, how are you? Can you hear me? Yeah. Can you hear me?

Yes, I can. Michael. Can you hear me? Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. No, this is very helpful because I'm trying to, you know, go through all the steps. And when I said about the existing post, I didn't mean using your dark post method. Does that also have a date on it? No, they don't.

They don't show it like that. Okay. Okay. That's good. Yeah.

And the naming convention. So those URLs, they actually go onto the pages, uh, in the, uh, like the landing page
or the sales page. Correct. What refers to your question, Michael? Well, like I used your BIV is a big idea book.

Yeah. Uh, that's actually the URL. That's like, say the landing page or the. Correct. Correct.

That's right. Remember though, the way we name our URLs is what's going to allow us to set our rules
when we create our audiences. And so if you want to make sure we're always retargeting people that made it to the sales
page that has the details, big dash details in this example, um, and you know, you're going
to test prices, test different things and make different versions, different URLs. Well, then you're going to have to go back and update or create all these different audiences. But if you keep big dash details, always continuous in any URL variations, then you'll be able to grab
them all with the same URL and you won't have to update anything.

Right. Right. Right. Cause it's something that the prospect will see the URL. So you can't have too much of an internal thing.

Yeah. I mean, the prospect will see the URLs, but I mean, you know, you don't have to call them
seven, you know, if you're afraid they're going to see the price, you could just call
them 001, 002, you know, you can come up with something else. It doesn't need to be the price of the offer, you know? Yeah. Right.

Right. Right. Right. Right. That's good.

It's good. Yeah. Cause I'm getting ready to launch. I keep saying that. Another thing to, you know, make sure.

Okay. Well, certainly you could also post in the, in a, in the Slack, A&M Slack channel. Let us know if you have any questions or last minute things. You're welcome. Well, great.

Sounds good. Yeah. Thank you. Awesome. Awesome.

Awesome. Cool. So, uh, let's chat. We just chatted with Mike. So we covered a lot, Sam, a lot, Jeff.

Did you guys get a lot out? You got, I feel like, I feel like I just ran a marathon on spring. Yeah. That was, that was a lot in a little bit of time. A lot in a little bit of time.

Well, I like to pack it in for everybody so they can get out there and do their marketing,
run their ads. Uh, but certainly before we go, um, before I kind of get some closing comments for everybody
to hear, uh, does anybody have any questions or anything like that you need to shoot through? So, uh, Glenn asked a great question. He says, what do you think of using, uh, the idea of the idea of using a big idea and ad
to survey, to test the big idea and get data for creating an eventual product? Uh, yeah, absolutely.

That's brilliant. Um, that's really the smart way to do it. I mean, the smart way to, to test any offer, any idea is to, to get the bites before you
actually go out and build a campaign. Cause as you know, Glenn, building a campaign is a long, arduous, expensive, both in time
and dollars process. And so if you have an idea and especially the only, the only catch here is you have to
have an audience, right?

If you don't have an audience, if you don't know what the right audience is and you're testing
some wild idea, you'll burn money fast and you won't really get useful data because
you won't know if it's the wrong audience, but if you know, Hey, this is my audience. These are my people. Then by all means, spend a hundred bucks, 200 bucks, 500 bucks, test the idea out. Um, certainly capture some leads in the process so you can always, you know, monetize them
later. Um, but I would do that.

I think that's, that's, that's what smart savvy marketers do before you go throw trouble
building the entire offer, building the product, building the marketing. Um, so great question. Let's see if anybody else in the A&M crew has a question. All right. So thank you, everybody.

Thank you, Jeff and Sam for being here guys. Thank you. Awesome. Thank you. Cool.

So we'll have this replay up for everybody in the next 24 hours. Uh, again, next week, uh, you have the opportunity to hop on with Todd and, and bring your copy,
your ideas, your hooks, and all that great stuff and your campaigns and your metrics. And, uh, excited to have you part of A&M and we have some great stuff coming out in A&M,
by the way, I'm sure Todd's been leaking it, but we have some really cool, uh, the first
ever A&M, uh, marketing newsletter is going to be shipped out to you as part of your A&M
membership and some other really sweet stuff happening. So appreciate you guys have been here, uh, honored to be a part of your journey, whether
you're going to six figures, seven figures, or even higher than that. And, uh, keep pushing and, uh, see you next time.

Bye-bye. Yep.
