---
title: "New Recording - 1/6/2026, 8:56:55 AM"
date: 2026-01-06
duration: 12m
duration_seconds: 774
vimeo_id: 1151904264
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# New Recording - 1/6/2026, 8:56:55 AM

**Date:** 2026-01-06 | **Duration:** 12m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Hey, Todd. So, um, I'm gonna shoot you over this Google document with some product ideas that I have. And so I'm just shooting you this video just to give you some context so that you know, kind of where my brain is at just in case I'm not, uh, clear in, in what I'm writing here. So, first thing I just wanna say is like, you know, when you say, think about like, what drive, like what would drive the market wild, right? I think we just need to be like more specific in the way that we think about that.

I think like, uh, essentially like what you're saying is like, what would send people into a buying frenzy, right? Like, what would make, what would make them just take out their wallet and spend money, right? But like, if I look at something like Donald Miller's tool, like off the cuff, I, I wouldn't say that that's necessarily something that would quote unquote drive the market wild. I think what makes that tool desirable is StoryBrand track record credibility, positioning, um, testimonials and supporting marketing content. Now, again, I could be wrong.

I, I can only tell you from my perspective and the way I think, just knowing what my strengths and weaknesses are and having, you know, some sense of self-awareness. I think that in the marketing space, it's going to be much more challenging for me to come up with that home run offer that drives the market wild. I think that would be more challenging for me than it would be for, you know, say somebody like you, um, who's been in this space and has like an abundant knowledge, uh, and amount of knowledge and wisdom in this space. I think for me, it's, I think it's more practical and realistic for me to come up with, you know, an offer I would say that maybe doesn't necessarily drive the market wild, but with the proper support behind it could be an acquisition winner. And when I say proper support behind it, what I mean is at a minimum, this, so all front end offers, in my opinion, should have EBM videos and or supporting content from multiple social media platforms at a minimum, let's say Instagram, maybe either Twitter or LinkedIn and YouTube.

There should be a multitude of ad creative across top of funnel, middle of funnel and bottom of funnel. And we should be leveraging any social proof, uh, credibility, case studies, testimonials, and big names that we've worked with, Joel iWay, Cole Gordon, Brooke Castillo, performance Golf. Like we, there's no reason why we should not be leveraging, um, the fact that, you know, that you specifically have worked with these people and had a massively positive impact on their, um, on their businesses. And so for me, I feel like, uh, the most realistic path is to get something out there that is backed by things like this that would turn it into a winner and make it viable as opposed to trying to make that big leap into, man, what is that one thing that we could hit that home run? Now again, maybe you can come up with that thing, right?

Um, and I would say that you would probably be better suited to come up with that sort of a thing. Um, and hence, I think that's part of the reason why we agreed that you would kind of set the vision and the strategy for what we want to do moving forward. With that being said, these are some of the ideas that I've, that I've come up with. Um, I have them listed as front end and back end. They are, I believe they are interchangeable.

I'm just putting them in that format here. Um, but so first is the offer analyzer, which then would go to the send offer, uh, GPT tool. Again, that funnel's already built out. I'm just waiting for, uh, Teddy to confirm that the automation is wired up correctly. 'cause I did create some follow up sequences, uh, for people that don't buy the GPT and don't buy the upsell after that.

So that's one thing. Second thing is like, you know, we talked about offering frameworks and tools, so we would just need to figure out like, what framework do we wanna offer? Like, let's come up with, I don't know, maybe the top two, three, maybe five frameworks that let's get clear on what the frameworks are, how we want to deliver them. Do we want to deliver them in PDF format? Do we want to do like a mini training on them?

Let's just get clear on what the frameworks are, the problems that the framework solves, uh, and then figure out what frameworks we wanna offer. And then based on that, you know, we could figure out what tools we then want to sell folks, or I could create those tools if they're not existing already. Um, next is the, uh, the website or the messaging analyzer, which is, uh, in the works right now as of this, uh, as of this recording, I do like the message market fit audit that we talked about last month. I just think, um, I just don't think now's the right time to launch something like that just because of the, uh, sophistication in the complexity that's involved with that. Let's get a few of these other things off the ground first, and then we can revisit that.

Um, something like an acquisition assessment quiz where, um, basically like the person, uh, the user answers a few questions and then we can then score how ready their offer, uh, or their messaging is or something to that degree. I haven't fully thought that through yet. Um, and last is the E five book, which I told you on our last call. I do believe that with paired with, uh, a, uh, AI tools and maybe some playbooks or, um, some, some other, uh, accompanying material, I don't know what it would be yet, but I do believe that the E five book paired with, again, EBM videos, multitude of ad creative, uh, leveraging social proof in big names, um, you know, uh, uh, uh, email marketing, uh, newsletter from something like, uh, Substack or something like that. I, you know, I gotta believe, man, that like, if we just like, you know, if we committed to like, let's say something like that for like the first six months of 2026, um, you know, I would venture to say like, if we couldn't get that to work, then man, we should, we probably should not even be in the business of marketing if we can't get our own acquisition offer, which teaches other people how to acquire customers off the ground.

I would say that that's kind of alarming, and I, I think we can, um, I know we can do it. Um, and then some other product ideas, again, some of these could be backend, they could be front end. So the ordinary idea is what if there was a product that grows your business across all three pillars, right? So J Abraham 1 0 1, you can either get more customers, increase transaction size or increase transaction frequency. Is there something that does all three of those things and maybe does them in some sort of an order?

Like first it gets you customers, then it increases the transaction size of each of those customers, and then it increases the transaction frequency of those customers. This could be, again, an info product with a set of tools or one tool. Again, this is very, um, initial thinking on my part. I haven't really thought out the finer details of this, so we could maybe talk about it if you think it's worth talking about. What about if we had an AI tool that turns all your existing educational material into a set of AI tools or turns them into one tool?

So the basic version of this is like the, you know, the GPT that I created that shows you how to create your own custom gpt. But you know that again, that's the ordinary idea. Maybe there's a more specific way, um, that we could do that that makes it more interesting. Um, or intriguing. I've already created the angle finder tool.

So this is a GPT that based on your, uh, source material, which could be an existing website, it could be existing, uh, educational material, it analyzes it to find different angles, uh, that can be used in things like ad creatives. Um, so we could do something like that, but maybe, I don't know, maybe the angle finder alone isn't enough. Maybe it's packaged as, um, like it's tied to a specific use case, like how to use it in an ad creative because maybe prospects wouldn't understand like, well, why do I need different angles? Like you would, you would think that they would, you would think that the people that we want to attract and talk to would understand the importance of having multiple angles, but, um, I don't know, maybe it just needs to be tied to something, um, that they do immediately see as beneficial. Next is like, and this relates to the, the supporting content is like, like you mentioned yesterday, let's talk to Teddy about coming up with an automated, uh, let me just put this, an automated content distribution workflow.

So we could create a workflow that basically posts all of the content, comes up with the content, aggregates it, curates it, whatever it might be. If we have existing content, it curates it. If it, uh, you know, basically, yeah, it curates existing content and then, uh, automatically posts, schedules automatically links back to an offer. Um, so on and so forth. Like, we could talk through the finer details of what we wanted to do, but essentially it would be completely hands off and then we could license that or offer that to our tribe, right?

Like, we could just be like, Hey, listen, if you need a content distribution system to support all of your current, uh, marketing, but uh, you know, you don't want to have to think through doing it and you want to completely automated, we've already got a system or a tool or a workflow that does it for you like that, that I think people, I think people would go crazy for that. Um, another idea that I had was an EPP tool. So I think there's a ton of value in the, uh, entrepreneurial, uh, planning process. What if you just answered some questions about your specific business and then the tool maps out your entire EPP process for the year? Um, I like that, you know, I love a lot of the stuff that, like Ryan Deis, uh, shows like when he shows his playbooks and his workflows and stuff that he uses internally with his team, uh, where they, you know, every single funnel is mapped out.

Every single product is mapped out. Um, you know, maybe something like this would do that for the, uh, for the business owner. And then the last one you mentioned yesterday, turning a stage five bootcamp into a book. So I like this idea. What I would like to do is I'd like to turn it into a book with an AI bundle.

So a book with maybe some AI tools. I don't know if we offer them, if we offer the book and The tools together, or we offer the book with the tools as the order bump and then the bootcamp as the upsell. So I think that's another thing that we should talk about is how do we take some existing offers that did really well, but then kind of, um, change the funnel structure, right? So that there's a different entry point. So we know stage five did relatively good, but you know, the list has seen it a few times now.

So what if we now just change the entry point into, instead of going straight to the bootcamp, we offer them the book with the bundle and then upsell them into the bootcamp. So again, man, so these are just like some rough ideas that I have. Uh, and again, just wanted to throw 'em out there to you. Let me know if you want to, uh, talk more about these, if you like them, if you don't like 'em, whatever, man, I don't, if you don't like an idea, I do not take it personally. Uh, I don't take the, the rejection for lack of a better term of an i of a product idea or an offer idea personally.

Alright, so I'll talk to you soon.
