---
title: "Perfect Funnel Opening Training"
date: 2024-07-31
duration: 32m
duration_seconds: 1970
vimeo_id: 992869144
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Perfect Funnel Opening Training

**Date:** 2024-07-31 | **Duration:** 32m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Kudos on a very wise decision to grab your copy of the perfect funnel Opening script and tutorial. What you're about to learn and get access to is the single most effective way to open up any marketing message so that you turn your prospects from interested into engaged in other words, so that you get your prospects excited to consume your entire marketing message, and ultimately lead them to your offer so that they can buy no more. Having to worry about people hitting your marketing page and bouncing. Instead, you're gonna have a way to open up your marketing message, regardless of whether you're using video long form sales letter webinar to turn your prospects little bit of interest into extreme excitement to hear what it is that you have to say. Now, this isn't just another tactic or fad or weird trick.

My name is Todd Brown. I'm the creator of the E five Method, the author of the E five Method book. This process has been endorsed by the absolute best, most effective marketers and online entrepreneurs today. Now, don't be afraid or, or scared off by this crazy beer. This method is working for entrepreneurs in over 76 different countries and 68 different marketing verticals to suck prospects in to engage with their marketing message so that folks buy.

Now, the very first thing that you want to do is you wanna go through the tutorial. The tutorial is gonna lay the groundwork for you so that you understand not only the purpose and aim of the first 300, 400, 500 words of your marketing message, but it's gonna teach you the ins and outs of how to properly fill in the script so that you can deploy this right away. Let's go over to the training right now and dive in. Welcome to the perfect Funnel opening script tutorial. Now, in this short training, we're gonna do a couple of things.

Number one, of course, I'm gonna walk you through the entire perfect funnel opening script. We're gonna go line by line, piece by piece, so you understand exactly what it is that we're doing and achieving with your prospects at each piece or each sentence of the perfect funnel opening script. Now, you'll see in just a minute that this is a short script. This is super simple, but wildly powerful. What this perfect funnel opening script is gonna do for you is it's gonna ensure that the bulk of your prospects are eager, excited, motivated to continue going through your marketing message.

And of course, you know that that's critical because we need prospects to consume your marketing message and ultimately get to your offer if they are going to buy. If prospects bail at the start of your marketing message, they're never gonna have a chance to buy because they're never going to get to the offer. And so this is wildly valuable for you. In fact, marketing research shows that 80% of a marketing campaign's success comes from your headline and lead. Now, for context, I want you to understand that when we're talking about your funnel opening, what we're talking about is the lead.

That's how it's commonly referred to the lead. The lead is the first 350 to 500 or so words of your marketing message. Now, that applies regardless of the marketing format that you use, whether you're using a long form sales letter, a video sales letter, a webinar, a multi-part video sequence. It doesn't matter. In every one of those formats, there is a funnel opening.

There is a lead, there is a first 350 to 500 words or so. Those 350 to 500 words or so ultimately determine the success of your marketing campaign because the lead the funnel opening determines how well you drive prospects to hear the rest of your marketing message, how excited they are, how attentive they are at consuming the rest of your marketing message. And this isn't only according to me or according to studies. Most of the legendary marketers and copywriters from the world of direct response have preached this same thing for years, like Herschel Gordon Lewis who said, you can create a brilliant offer for a product or service that everybody wants, but unless the lead the funnel opening is a grabber, you won't be competitive. Bob Bly, another legendary direct response marketer and copywriter said, your lead either forges an instant connection with the prospect or the promotion fails.

Mike Palmer widely considered the absolute most successful copywriter in the financial publishing industry, said the lead is by far the most important part of any campaign. And finally, my buddy and early mentor, Mark Ford, said, 90% of your success depends on 10% of the copy that you write. Get that 10% right, and you'll have a golden career fail to master that 10%, and you'll be eating ketchup sandwiches. The 10% is the 300 to 500 words that make up the lead of your marketing campaign. I'm sharing this with you because I want you to understand the power and the importance of the opening of your funnel.

It is critical. Now, here is an example of the impact of the lead or of a poorly done lead. This is Justin. We're gonna get to the funnel script, the the opening script in just, uh, a few minutes. I want you to understand how important this is because I want you to take this seriously.

I want you to use the perfect funnel opening script in your campaign so you get the benefit. See, this is an example of video analytics. This is showing you the engagement. When somebody hits, let's say a video sales letter, what Is the engagement? And what you're seeing here is a graph of engagement analytics that is very typical for the typical online marketer.

What you're seeing here is that in less than 30 seconds, half 50% of prospects bailed on this video. That means that immediately within 30 seconds, 50% of the people left. 50% of the people did not consume the rest of the message. Obviously, 50% of the people did not even make it to the offer, right? That is the lead, and you see that all the time.

That's what happens when you don't nail the lead. Now, with that as the backdrop, I wanna start to introduce you to the perfect funnel opening script, and I wanna give you some context. So the perfect funnel opening script comes from the E five method. This is the process that I use, that I teach my clients to engineer wildly successful customer generating campaigns. And I wanna show you the role that the lead plays within this framework, within the E five method framework.

So I wanna give you a little bit of education, a little bit of additional value here, so that you understand where the lead fits with the other pieces of this campaign. And there are really only five. And so the first one is the big marketing idea. The big marketing idea, so that you understand every marketing campaign that you create, every funnel that you create, that you launch, that you set up has an idea behind it. The idea behind the campaign is there to get attention.

The quality of the idea ultimately determines whether you get attention or not, right? And so a big marketing idea is a type of idea that appeals to both your prospects intellect as the, as well as their emotion. A big marketing idea presents a unique, different fresh and timely idea. Again, the big marketing idea is the idea behind your marketing message. You can call it the theme, the hook.

And again, it resonates with your prospect on an emotional level, and it appeals to them on an intellectual level as well. And the purpose and role of the big marketing idea is to get attention. Obviously, we need to grab attention in your marketplace for people to even engage with your campaign. They'll never see the lead or go through the lead and get hooked as you're gonna learn how to do, uh, in the rest of this little training video, if we don't capture their attention with a great idea, then we've got what's called the primary promise and unique mechanism. Two elements that I'm gonna introduce you to and teach you in just a minute.

After that, the primary promise and unique mechanism play a role in the lead. This, of course, is what I'm gonna teach you in this, uh, in this training, and walk you through that simple, perfect funnel opening script. After the lead, we go into what's called the marketing argument. And this is ultimately to give you some context where we prove what it is that you're gonna present in the lead. This is where ultimately we lead the prospect to want your product or service before we ever even offer it to them.

So the marketing argument makes up the body of your marketing message. The marketing argument is there to prove what it is that we present in the lead, as you're gonna learn in just a second. And then we present the sin offer. The sin offer is a type of offer that then gives your prospect the ability or the opportunity to buy your product or service now that we've led them to want it. These are the elements that make up an E five campaign.

Now, in the rest of this little training, we're gonna cover these two elements. I'm gonna walk you through the, uh, the primary promise and unique mechanism, what they are, because they are used in the lead. And then I'm gonna walk you through the, uh, the perfect funnel opening script. You could refer to it as the perfect lead for your campaign. Now, there's a couple of things that I want to cover very quickly for you as it relates to the lead.

I want you to understand what it is that we are ultimately doing and the objective of how you open up your funnel or all of your, all of your funnels. So the first thing that I want you to understand is that the lead is all about setting the emotional hook. In other words, the lead is there to speak to the heart. That's supposed to be a a, a heart right there. Then when we go into the the marketing argument, you could say that we are speaking to both the heart and the head.

In other words, the lead is all about getting your prospect emotionally excited. And in the argument or the body of your campaign, we then present the evidence, the support, the logic, so that your prospect can see what it is that we presented in the lead as being true. And you'll see exactly what it is that we're doing in in, in just a second. This is all about setting that emotional hook. So you gotta understand that the head follows the heart.

In other words, the head, the intellect, the logic looks for justification for what the heart wants. It starts with the heart. And this is why we kind of speak to your prospect's heart first in the lead. And only once we've gotten your prospect hooked emotionally, only once we've convinced them emotionally or gotten them emotionally excited about your solution and what it can do for them, do we then go on to the marketing argument to prove to them that it works and that it will work for them? And that is ultimately what it is that we are looking to achieve.

By the end of the lead, all we want is by the end of the first 350 to 500 words, by the end of this perfect funnel opening script, all we're trying to do is to lead your prospect to say, wow, this sounds amazing, right? This sounds amazing. Now, prove to me that it'll work and prove to me that it'll work for me. That is the entire objective of the lead. That is it.

Nothing more, nothing less. Again, as a quick recap, we're setting the emotional hook. We're setting the emotional hook. We're speaking to your prospect's emotions first so that later when we go into the marketing argument, right, their head, their intellect will look for ways to justify what they now want emotionally. And by the end of that 350 to 500 words, we just want your prospect to say, wow, this sounds amazing.

Now just prove to me that it will work and prove to me that it'll work for me. And we do that. We create, as you're gonna see in just a second, as I'm gonna walk you through the, uh, these two elements in just a second. And then we're gonna dive into the perfect funnel opening script. We do this, we, we, we set this emotional hook.

We lead the prospect to be emotionally excited in the lead by presenting what's called a primary promise and a unique mechanism. And unless you are selling a pure commodity, like a glass of tap water, you have both within your product or service. And I'm gonna show you this in just a second. We're gonna take the primary promise, we're gonna take the unique mechanism, and we're gonna bring them up right into the lead. We're gonna unpack them a little bit, and we're gonna get the prospect emotionally excited, emotionally hooked, saying, sounds amazing.

Now prove to me that it'll work and prove to me that it'll work for me. And at which point, we then bring them into the marketing argument, and we do just that, leading them to be extremely excited to buy when we roll out the sin offer. And that's why as a side note, the, uh, the E five method or an E five campaign converts at such a crazy high sales conversion rate. Now, with that as the backdrop, let's go through and talk about the primary promise and unique mechanism. These are both very simple, so do not get overwhelmed.

A big high level definition for each of these. Let's start with the primary promise is the primary promise is the main claim of transformation, of result, of outcome, of change that your prospect desperately wants, that your product or service can give them. It's the one big overarching outcome result change, transformation that your prospect desperately wants that your product or service can give them. So we're not talking about a small minor benefit. We're not talking about the kind of underlying benefits of your product or service.

We're talking about the main reason, the main transformation, the main outcome. You can think about it this way, uh, and again, this is a very high level overview of the primary promise. Uh, I typically go through an entire module with my coaching students just on this, the, the primary promise. But for now, I just want you to understand that this is, think of it like their current. They're in a current state.

There's some pain, there's some problem, there's some issue, there's some obstacle, there's some unmet need or desire that your prospect has, right? And then there is an after state, after that need is met or after that pain is or, or problem is alleviated, what does their life look like afterwards? That's what we're talking about here, the big overarching change, transformation result, outcome. That's what we call the primary promise. Then we have the unique mechanism.

And the unique mechanism is nothing more than how your product or service uniquely works to produce the primary promise. So what we're talking about here is, when I say mechanism, this is how does your product or service work to deliver the result? Is there a system? Is there a process? Is there a framework, uh, that delivers the result?

Whether it be that you teach them, if you are a coach or a consultant, if you have an agency, what is the system or the process or the framework that you use to give your prospect the primary promise, that main overarching transformation result, outcome, uh, et cetera. And so we're talking about how your product or service works uniquely, uniquely compared to your competitors to deliver the result. So we've got the result, the primary promise, and then we've got how your product works to deliver that result. Now, with that as the backdrop, and I know I just gave you an ultra quick overview. Again, there's a whole module that I teach my clients just going over the primary promise and then a separate module just on the unique mechanism.

But you have a handle on what these two are. Now, with that as the backdrop, let's go through and look at the perfect funnel opening script and go line by line through this. So now this is it. Now what I wanna show you here is, uh, is a couple things. Number one, you'll see that there are terms that are all caps and that are in brackets.

These are for you to fill in for your product or service. Uh, you'll also notice right over here that this is where we segue into the introduction. So right off the bat, I want you to understand that we don't open up a marketing campaign by introducing yourself, not when we are generating new buyers, not when we are going to cold traffic. They want to know why. They should care about what it is that you're about to say.

They don't care about you yet until they know what it is that you're gonna share with them and how it's going to benefit and improve their situation, their life. And so we don't start the opening or open with an introduction of who you are. Again, they don't care about who you are until they understand the value of what it is that you're gonna, you're gonna share with them. So you could say that this is the, this is the lead right here. This is the main funnel opening right here.

And then this is the segue into the introduction and what we call in the E five method, the credibility chunk. So everything above, hi, my name is, is the lead. Now, you'll see that this opens very simply with it's true. There's a new and different way for you to primary promise. So I want you to understand that we've got two things going on here.

Number one, we're leveraging new and different. You have to understand that what your prospects care about is, uh, is new, right? Prospects wanna know what's new. Nobody shows up to a, a party or a social gathering and asks what's still the same in your life, right? What they wanna know is what's new?

People are attracted to new, right, wrong, or indifferent. The next thing that I want you to understand is this word different over here. And this is key because what your prospects want to know in the opening of your marketing message is that you've got something different for them. Something different that will give them the outcome, the result that they want. They're not interested in hearing more about the same stuff that they've already heard.

What they're interested in is something different, something unique, something they haven't heard before, something that they haven't tried before, something that they haven't been made aware of before. And that's what we are leading with right upfront, because that is one of the main questions that your prospect has going into this. When they think that you've got more of the same, they will bounce. What they wanna know right off the bat is that this is different from what it is that they've already heard. So there's a new and different way for you to, whatever your primary promises, whatever that main transformation outcome result, if it's, uh, there's a new and different way for you to strip off three pounds of belly fat every week for the next seven weeks, whether it's, you know, how to grow a green lush lawn in, uh, in the next month, whatever that primary transformation is, is what you're gonna plug in right here.

The next line is, it's called, and this is where you introduce the mechanism, the method behind your product or service, the method behind how your product or service works. So we're saying it's true. There's a new and different way for you to get this result. That new and different way is called, and here is where we introduce your unique mechanism. And like I said, regardless of the product or service that you sell, you have a unique mechanism.

Unless you are selling a pure commodity. And unless you are copying exactly to the T point by point, step by step what your competitors are doing, you have a unique mechanism. You just have to understand how to pull it out, how to identify it, and name it. Once we mention or or introduce the unique mechanism, which is only available through you, it is a new and different way for your prospect to get the result that they want, we then go on and you'll see, and it's very different from the common methods you're likely familiar with because of how it, uh, it loses, you know, or strips off five pounds of fat by, and then differentiate how the mechanism works. So let me break this down for you over here.

So number one, you're gonna see that we're restating the same thing, the same idea that we introduced up here, but we're saying this is very different from the common methods that you're likely familiar with. Again, we are restating the fact that this is not more of the same. This is not what you've heard already. This is not what you may have tried already. This is something very different and again, for producing the result.

Now, what we're doing over here, when I say by differentiate how your mechanism works, this is where you state one single point of differentiation about how your method, your system, your framework, your unique mechanism works compared to the way your competitors' mechanisms work, the way that your competitors' products or services work, right? So in other words, what is different? Name one point of differentiation about the way that your mechanism works compared to the way that your competitors' mechanisms work, right? So over here, we may, we might say, right, it's very different from the common methods that you're likely familiar with because of how it strips off, you know, two pounds of belly fat a week by, uh, by stimulating, uh, specific brain chemicals, uh, that trigger your body to burn fat, right? That would be, and I just totally made that up for this, uh, for this video, but you see how I'm, I'm not, I'm, I'm, I'm clearly saying this is very different in how it works to strip off belly fat because this method works by blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, stimulating brain chemicals or this method, uh, right?

This, this how it works to grow green grass by, uh, recycling healthy soil to continually give your grass nutrients, right? So we're stating one point of differentiation of how your mechanism, your framework, your method, your process works to produce the result. And then we say in the next line, and as you'll see it, easy benefit and fast benefit, what we're talking about here is, uh, and you'll see this on the accompanying cheat sheet, is we're gonna state a benefit related to ease, and we're gonna state another benefit related to speed. So we might say in here, and you'll, and you'll see that it only takes, uh, it only takes three steps and it begins to work within one hour, right? That is ease, uh, benefit, uh, ease, simple simplicity and speed.

So you'll say, you'll see that it, uh, you'll see that it only takes three steps and it begins to work within 60 minutes. Of course, you're not making anything up here. You're not lying, you're not stretching the truth. You're looking for, uh, a, a benefit related to ease. And you're looking here for a benefit related to speed.

Next, best part of all, it doesn't require you to big negative one or big negative two. So what are these? These are, what are the complaints, the issues, the frustrations, the obstacles that your marketplace has as it relates to the other methods, the other mechanisms, what it is that your competitors are teaching or giving to the marketplace. So we might say, right, like, let's say best part of all, it doesn't require you to follow a, you know, a low calorie diet or to exercise for hours every week, right? So we're picking out two big negatives, two things that your prospects don't wanna see in the perfect solution, right?

So we're looking at your mechanism, and all you gotta do is ask yourself, well, what is it that my prospects don't wanna have to do? Right? What are the things that they don't like with the other solutions? What are the, what are the aspects of solutions that they see as negative that are not part of my method, that are not part of my mechanism? And so then you're gonna let prospects know right here, best part of all doesn't require you to follow, it doesn't require you to starve yourself on a low calorie diet or exercise like a, a machine for hours every week.

We're taking two negatives and we're letting your prospects know that that's not part of your new and different way to get them the result. And then in the next sentence, and you can predictable benefit regardless of whether common objection or concern. So let's break this down over here. So a predictable benefit is a benefit about the safety and the reliability of what it is that, uh, your mechanism does. In this case, it might be, and you can continue to lose weight week after week, uh, regardless of whether you've yo-yo dieted, regardless of how much weight you, you have to lose, and regardless of how many times you failed in the past, right?

So what we're taking here is we're taking a benefit for predictability, reliability, consistency. See, it's important for you to understand that what your prospects want to know, right? They wanna know the big overarching change transformation, and they wanna understand how easy is this? How fast will the results come about? And is it consistent and reliable and kind of safe, so to speak, right?

Um, and so that's why we're touching on those and then we're addressing the common concerns that they have, right? This is really, will this work for me because I'm on medication? Or will this work for me because I've yo-yo dieted 12 times, will this work for me because I've got a sluggish thyroid? Will this work for me because, um, I can't exercise or, or, or whatever, right? And so we're taking two to three of the common objections or concerns that they have about your type of solution, right?

The typical, the typical solution for, let's say in this case, losing weight. And we are letting them know that yes, you can still experience these ongoing, consistent, predictable and safe results regardless of whether you x, y, or Z. And then we are simply saying, so if you want to primary promise, again, you wanna pay close attention to what I'm about to share with you. That's it. Hi, my name is Todd Brown.

Boom, that is the perfect funnel opening script. And so you can see that if I, let's say if I, uh, I, I read this off and I'm just gonna again, make this up as I go, right? It's true. There's a new and different way for you to strip off two pounds of belly fat every week for the next seven weeks. It's called the TB method, and it's very different from the common methods that you're likely familiar with because of how it burns belly fat by stimulating, uh, brain chemicals that fire up your metabolism and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

And as you'll see, um, it only requires three simple steps that begin to work burning fat for you, uh, the very first day. And best part of all, it doesn't require you to starve yourself with a low calorie diet or do excessive hours of exercise every week. And you can continue to lose belly fat for as long as you want, regardless of whether you've tried other diets in the past, regardless of whether you've yo yoed several times, regardless of whether you have a sluggish metabolism. So if you wanna start burning two pounds of belly fat every week starting this week, you wanna pay close attention to what I'm about to share with you. Hi, my name is Todd Brown.

Boom. And then we go into the credibility chunk. That right there is the perfect funnel opening script. This is what we use over and over and over and over to make sure that our campaigns suck prospects in and really almost force them to consume the rest of the marketing message to hear more. You'll notice that this introduces something unique and different, something new, right?

That they've never tried, that they've never heard of. It gives them a massive amount of hope. When this is done correctly, hope that maybe this time with this unique mechanism, they will finally get the results that they want, right? It shows them, uh, uh, gives them a taste of how this works differently. This unique mechanism from the others that they're, that they're likely familiar with and maybe even have tried it, introduces a benefit for ease and speed and predictability.

It lets them know that it doesn't require two of the big negatives that they see with other, uh, with other solutions or mechanisms out there. And it overcomes the common objections or concerns that they may have as it relates to this type of solution. And then it propels them to want to hear more. You see how by the end of this, a prospect could say, wow, this sounds awesome, this sounds great, but now prove to me that it'll work and prove to me that it'll work for me, which is what you do after the credibility section in the marketing argument portion of your campaign. And so there you go.

That is the perfect funnel opening script. Now, I told you that this comes directly from the E five method. I showed you these five pieces. Of course, I gave you an overview of the primary promise and unique mechanism as well as the lead. Now look, if you want to understand and learn how to develop and deploy the other pieces, a big marketing idea, a marketing argument, and your sin offer, then I would highly encourage you to learn more about the E five coaching experience and the E five method.

There should be a button below this little training video that will allow you to schedule what we call an E five implementation session. This is a call with one of the advisors on my team. These guys are pros as it relates to the E five method, and what they'll do for you is they'll ask you some questions about your business. They'll make sure that your business is a perfect fit for the E five method, and then they'll explain to you if you'd like, how the E five coaching experience works so that me and my team can help you to deploy these other pieces, help you to develop a full E five campaign, and then help you to grow and scale the amount of customers or clients, buyers that you get with this campaign, and then ultimately help you to scale and grow your business even more. This is a completely free session.

This is not a hardcore sales pitch for you. This is a way for you to learn how, how you can have me and my team help you to set up a full blown E five campaign that will ensure you bring in new buyers, new clients, new customers every single day without fail. If that's something that you're interested in, go ahead, click the button below and schedule an E five implementation session. With that, that is the perfect funnel opening script, training tutorial. I hope you got value.

I hope you learned something. Now go and deploy this bad boy. And like I said, if you want help in deploying a full E five campaign, schedule an E five implementation session, I would love to work with you and help you to get new clients, new customers, new sales every day with this method. And so take care and talk soon.
