---
title: "Rob-Kira"
date: 2022-10-23
duration: 27m
duration_seconds: 1676
vimeo_id: 763177219
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Rob-Kira

**Date:** 2022-10-23 | **Duration:** 27m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

All right, so I'm Rob Marsh. It's Kira hug. I don't know where you're actually resumes gonna show us but we are the founders of the copywriter club and Todd asked us to share a recent email campaign that we did we came up with a new program. We've never run this program before all about pitching clients and our audience is copyrighters a lot of them struggle to find clients on a regular basis. Maybe they find one they do some work and then they struggle to find another for you know, a few days a few weeks maybe even longer and so we created a product it's multi-workshop.

Lots of documents templates workbook type things that they can work through in order to solve this problem of finding clients and there's a couple things that our program does that are different that we point out in the emails, but we're gonna show you the email campaign that we use to introduce this to our audience. It's not perfect. It's really the first one first time we've done this but I think you're gonna get a sense of the kinds of emails that Send out and it and just to be totally Frank and up front. This is really different from the kind of stuff that Todd would send out or even a lot of other marketers because Kira who most of these are coming from she writes personality driven copy. There's a ton of personality in these emails.

That's what our audience expects from a lot of the emails that we send out. And so we deliver on that and we tend to have a pretty good result. We'll show you or talk through a couple of the response rates and some of the things that you know, we we did as we're going through these but each email is really intended to you know, introduce something like a guarantee or a bonus or the program itself, but also to answer objections as they come up and go along and so as they hit your inbox, you know over the course of a week or two, you know more people respond and we had a pretty good launch from this first time we've ever run it program those $500. And we had if I'm not mistaken 25 or 26 people who opted into it from our list. So we thought that was pretty good for a first program.

Yeah, and I think you may be you'll know this raw, but we launched it and we built the program quickly relatively quickly. Yeah, and then launched it quickly and so we wanted to keep it really easy and we we do many launches we've done many launches but this one is just it's email based. We had a couple social media posts for our community. Other than that we didn't do a webinar. We didn't do a challenge.

So we really relied on our relationship with our readers and that intimacy and connection. We've already built in this email sequence to just keep it super easy for us. We are about to relaunch it. So we were out of beta and so we're now repurposing a lot of these emails, but you get a chance to see the original emails, you know, the early stage before we reworked everything so we can first maybe jump over. To the sales page just to quickly show the unique mechanism and maybe Robin.

Okay, that's good. And you know as we built the program or as we started to Market it we actually didn't have the program done when we started to write the sales page or write the email which is maybe the first lesson that we would share is, you know, we are trying to validate as we go along that what we're selling is actually something that somebody wants and so we had a really good idea because we had surveyed our audience before about the things they want it from us. This was the number one program by a large margin or the number one problem that they asked us to solve. So we kind of had a sense that it was going to hit right but in a day, I mean there are tons of programs out there that talk about how to find clients and so we did have to identify something that's a little bit different about ours. It's actually I think significantly different about ours but yeah talk through what we're looking at here on yeah, that's that's the most important part is we talk about pitching clients all the time and there's so many different systems that copywriters.

Failure with and so we had to really focus on the unique mechanism here. Which of course is Todd's specialty so working through E5 to put this page together was really helpful and we pulled together the p7 client attraction pipeline based off the elements. We knew worked. Well as far as prospecting and then on top of the steps you need to prospect for clients. We added a couple ingredients that truly feel like something we can own and that is behavior design.

So I just went through certification program and so I could become certified in tiny habits through BJ fog and that was a piece we felt like was often missing when copywriters were sitting down to send cold emails to clients. The truth is they won't even sitting down to do it. They said they do they need to do it. They know it's important, but they weren't fitting it into their schedule and making it a natural part of their Day, and so Rob the way we broke together this unique mechanism is that Rob focused on the prospecting elements of it. And so he speak to that part and I focused on the behavior design and then we pulled it together in a way so that it would work as a system and and hopefully be effective and I say hopefully because this was beta so we had to test it so Rob, do you want to speak to the prospect?

Yeah, like you said, excuse me like you said Of people know what to do. Right like they don't need us to say. Oh you need to identify somebody to pitch or you need to write a pitch. We gave them a lot of tools to help them do that. And those are steps two through six identifying your ideal client and figuring out what you're going to say and having something they can say yes to very easily all of that kind of stuff but most writers already know that it I mean that information is out there that like we mentioned their programs to teach it.

They're free blog posts everywhere. But what you were saying Kara is that building a habit that really turns this into something that you can do daily or weekly is missing piece because it's one thing to know stuff but it's a lot more effective if we can actually make it part of people's day. And so we built that into the program and so you're gonna see that here on the sales page as well as in the emails that we'll go through in a minute. So there's there's a front end like you mentioned Cara really focused on The habits then we taught the program. And then at the end of the program we went back and talked about habits again and and really focused it on.

How are you going to implement the things that we just taught in the program into a daily or weekly habit. So we make sure that it's happening and it's getting done and we saw that almost immediately from the workshops people were posting their successes in our community sharing that they finally found the pitching was fun for them something they've never had before and a large part of that was because of the habits that we helped them learn as they put this whole thing together for themselves. Yeah, and the tricky part with this campaign is talking about changing your habits and talking about shifting your behavior Can Feel daunting to the reader. It's like okay, you're gonna make me do a lot of work. You're gonna make me change my behavior.

I don't want to do that. So we have we had to be careful so that we came out with a big promise and didn't overwhelm the promise with something that just felt impossible. Luckily. We know our audience well and copywriters are actually like we geek out on habits and our routines. And so we knew that that would speak to them even though that might not land with another audience where it might feel like work.

So we did Lean in fully into our unique mechanism and we were hoping that the email campaign if we hung it on this unique mechanism, even though we didn't have social proof really that we can get around 20 people into the program and I like Rob said we were able to do that. So I don't think there's anything else we need to share. On this page, unless Robbie feel like there's something else. It's mostly program related. Yeah, I think if anybody wants to check this out, you could probably see the URL at the top of the recording there the copyrightclub.com forward slash clients Dash now dash Workshop forward slash will be updating that as we make improvements to the program.

But if you want to check out that page, you can see all the things that are on there from a sales page standpoint. Yeah, and the only takeaway I was share here is just as you're working on your own unique mechanism, you know figuring out if there's a way to help take the content you're teaching and layer on top of that implementation or something that around Behavior design and a habits so that your customers are able to actually jump into the content and implement it rather than just consume it or actually not even consume it and just let it sit there. Okay, so we're gonna stop sharing there and let's jump in to the emails. Okay. Yes.

So as we look at the emails at the yeah the top of the document we've shared some of our open rates you'll see some of the subject lines. We don't use preview text. Although we certainly could start dropping that in but we just we just haven't really used that but we do send consistently every day through the campaign sometimes early afternoon sometimes morning occasionally evenings. We changed that up just a little bit you can see some of our open rates. They're not, you know, we're not blowing the doors off of anything with these open rights, but they're very consistent with the open rates that we have with our entire list and there's some decent days with click through rates, especially on the front and where we're introducing the programs the first thing and then of course, we give people an option to opt out so that they don't, you know, we're not bothering them with pitches over and over.

We do see a few people opt out but again because our audience To hear from us almost on a daily basis very few people opt out when it comes right down to it. Yeah, so you can check out the email copy. first round run through email by email just to share kind of what we were thinking as far as like the goal behind each email for the first one where we introduce this product and this offer for the first time. What I think is most relevant here is that we're actually speaking about pop culture reference that is relevant. And so really grabbing the attention of our audience which you know, there their attention is scattered through of reference that feels like it was written today or yesterday.

And so these emails were written timely we referenced a movie called. Nope that was coming out that week to make sure that people were felt like this was fresh and new and so I think that's something that actually speaks to our audience because again, we know our audience copywriters are into pop culture they geek out they love some Netflix and so that's a way to pull them in and make it feel like this is something new and fresh. This isn't a program that has been Running for the past five years. So that's something that we played around with too. I would say that probably the movie I referenced here with Jordan Peele.

Nope. It's a horror flick. It's not you know horror. It doesn't appeal to everyone. So maybe he was less.

Well known pop culture wise than other movies that I could have referenced, but I just loved it. So I wanted to mention it. Anyway. Yeah Carissa curious a horror fan and so that comes out in a lot of our Communications to our emails but one thing is really interesting about this is when you start with a reference like this, that's so relevant to something that's happening this week or next week is that you can take the bulk of the email and rewrite the lead several months later and it will feel like a completely different email even though it's really only the lead that's changed up and then you can introduce the program the same way, you know, so it does give you the ability to reuse the work and just rewrite the lead and make it relevant again, and so, you know if we're sending this This week we might reference something that's relevant on Netflix now or a movie that just came out this week. And if we do it again in January or next march we can do the same thing and basically reuse the copy, so it's actually a technique or tactic worth borrowing.

Yeah, and that's a good point. So if you come up with the theme then you can swap out the reference and so another takeaway is just like how Can you get your emails not all of them but some of them newsworthy. So again people are clicking on it because it feels like they've got to they've got to know what's happening and that also trains them to open your emails because they want to catch what's happening. What's the latest in those references? So like Rob said we were able to actually update this email because we're launching again and we're refreshing all the emails and so that movie nope.

No long no longer. Nobody really headlines. Yeah, it's long gone, right. So what's happening this week in pop culture. If you go into Netflix this week Dahmer the series is all over Netflix or at least maybe it's my algorithm and it's just all over my Netflix, but I mean people are talking about it.

So we want to again stick with horror because the whole email theme is around how prospecting is more terrifying than these horror shows on Netflix. So we had to stick with the theme and so we were looking for another Friends dommer seemed perfect. It's probably even better than Jordan peele's movie Just because again, it's like all over Netflix. So it's hard to miss it. Even if you're not into it, you know, it's it's happening even though it's a really disturbing show and I'm not able to watch it yet probably will not be able to yeah, it's a little dark people are gonna think that we're very dark and and we're not you're gonna see some emails in a second that are less dark.

I have not been able to watch the show but it's still worth referencing because the message can land for most people. So anyway, I just wanted to show that this updated email you can see the old one and the new ones to see how we swapped out the reference and so you are doing that in your emails. And then the other thing you're doing here is you know, Kira is introducing the program and you're making a big promise. There's a it's a little bit buried in the copy, but we're basically promising that they can land a new client if they follow the program they can land a new client every 14 days and that is a big promise that solves the problem that are that are people Who are reading our emails have and so that's really important that we get that in there. So that is in.

There you did send out. Email today so that this is all very relevant for us. The Dahmer email went out yesterday and I shared some feedback that we received from our community because number one we we love to get replies from our our readers. Even if they're not necessarily opting in this round just so we can build that engagement with them. And so it was great actually that we had a comment that actually spoke to how relevant the content is.

So that's somebody who is gonna continue to read our emails because it feels relevant to her. So always good to get feedback. Yeah. Let's move forward to email number two. Okay.

So what was the purpose of this email Kara as obviously we've introduced the program. We've made a big promise now, what are we doing? So we haven't. really agitated the pain and there's a lot of pain prospecting or even the lack thereof, right? This is your lifeline as a business owner if you're not prospecting and looking for clients and you don't have referrals your business isn't really alive and well and so we wanted to make sure we leaned in and pulled in voice of customer to speak to like how it actually feels when you're supposed to Prospect and you don't actually do it.

And so this was definitely an agitate pain Point email to speak to the procrastination of like why don't we actually do this thing that we we say we're going to do Yeah, which is again from the feedback. We've got we know people know what to do. They just don't do it and that's why we built in the habits. And we address that as we talk about how this program solves that problem. And like Rob said earlier our emails are definitely like we really lean heavily into personality to capture both of our voices because people are Community listens to our podcast mostly so they already feel like they know us and we're just kind of trying to strengthen that relationship.

So we lean into it. We also speak to copywriters who also write copy and oftentimes it it could lean in the personality Direction. So they're kind of expecting it like they get really excited about this. So that works for us. Also, you'll notice lots of emojis that's part of like part of the personality driven copy.

We lean heavily into gifts and emojis. It's part of our our brand guide. And we also introduce dig deeper into the p7 client attraction pipeline in this email starting to show more information and share more information about it. If you're looking at the copy thinking well, I'm not going to use emojis or I'm not gonna lean that heavy in a personality that's less important than what we're actually trying to address which is agitating the pain, right? So email number one introduces a program makes a promise.

Now, we're going to agitate the pain if if you're paying attention, it's from email to email. It's almost like the different parts of a sales page, you know, we would do a sales page slightly differently as we showed you earlier, but we're basically stepping through the different things that you need to do to get to the sale. So we just break it up by emails. Yes, so then we get to email three. This is where we're building more connection with the reader helping create some relatability because we know many of our audience members have young kids.

We have a lot of parents in our audience who are juggling business and three-year-old at home. And so this was more about sharing a relevant story. I was a personal story of my own that had just happened that spoke to the power of habits. So we were able to connect a personal story that feels relatable to why habits the power of habits and why it's so important and why creating good habits can actually change your business and change your life. So a lot of this is digging deeper into the why to start to shift the readers belief to understand.

Okay. This is something I might need to Yeah, and again, you know following from the previous email agitating pain now, we're starting to introduce the solution and how our program solves this in a really unique way. Yes. And then we have some credibility boosters right pulling in some proof as to like why this unique mechanism is going to work pulling from pulling from active scientists who are teaching these same principles to provide that credibility. So it's like we're not just winging in it and making all this stuff up.

This is a system that actually works and is beast on Behavior design science today. And this is where we outline the unique mechanism. So we're starting to really highlight that element of it. And we wrap it up. Next email email number four.

What is this one going to do? Well first I looked at the subject line as we're pulling this together. I was like, what was I thinking this is not a great subject line. I don't know what I was thinking with this one. But we do test a lot of different subject lines and we're always we send to our unopens sometimes multiple times with new subject lines to get the open.

So this was not one of my favorites this email really speaks to the objections that the reader might have as far as like how difficult it could be to shift your habits to change your behavior that can feel really daunting and overwhelming and so we spoke directly to some of those objections in this email. Now you mentioned the subject line, which is reviewing. We're like, yeah, we don't really like that. It just happens that this is one of the two lowest performing emails to from an open rate standpoint. So that's why it's so important just to check back on some of this stuff and say okay we might have missed the boat here.

There's got to be a better headline and we'll be doing that. Yeah, this this week for people on our list to see the new revised version. Yes, and sometimes you can also get too clever. And this all these emails were crafted by our team. We have a team of copywriters who contributed this one definitely leaned in the more clever Zone where we had the letter written from the reader and like it's just a little if you look closely it's definitely creative.

It does appeal to our audience again, the copyrighters who are reading our emails are looking for ideas. They can use in their own emails and for their own client work. So this really speaks to them, but it could hurt our conversion rates when it's too clever and less clear. So I'd say this one probably needs to be reworked for the next round. Yeah, but the purpose is still there forging that connection introducing, you know, some of the some of the sales elements that we've been talking about and we lean into some of the benefits of the program down here in the email.

So then we jump to email five. This one is a really about shifting beliefs more shifting beliefs and introducing Our bonuses so we do introduce a couple what we think are exciting bonuses throughout this sequence to get people to jump in and with this particular bonus. It's the perfect, you know, it's a prospecting template they can use but we really also need to shift their Belief around the perfect having the perfect template and that there's no such thing as a perfect template, but we can help you personalize a template and figure out which one works for you. So there was some mindset shifting in this email. Yeah.

One of the bonuses we have is a document with more than 20 different templates that could be used. And so we want to get that out there copywriters tend to like templates, you know, whether they're going to use the word for word or use them, you know as a as a model to rewrite and rework. But again, we want to make sure that that's out there for them to know. Hey, not only getting the training but you're gonna get this incredibly useful resource you'll be able to use for years. Yeah, and then we start to shift into some future pacing and showing what life could look like as a business owner if they have the perfect proposal and this is another bonus reveal.

We have a perfect proposal template and training that we know. Copyrighters love and so this is all about that bonus. Yep. To add there. Oh, yeah sure enough showing off that new bonus email seven as we're starting to wrap up the sequence.

This one is really just showing the different paths forward in which one, you know, which baby basically giving the reader an option as far as what path you want to take forward and then just teasing more of the program sharing more about the benefits of the program. There's some repetition in here as far as just like reminding the reader of some of the benefits of the program. Let me get to email number eight. We're getting to cart close time. Again.

This is kind of a short sequence and short period of time that we had open for people to jump in. This one was where we focused on social proof and that was the tricky part of this. New offer is that we didn't have social proof yet, but we had done a couple beta challenges testing the behavior design model. So we did have some feedback from that and then we also had feedback from all of our other programs that we have been running. So this is where we're able to really pull in.

social proof from what we have done in other programs to show that we're not We're not starting from scratch, even though this is a new offer. So we really leaned heavily into social proof in this email. Yeah, there's a lot of really good testimonials in there just to say, yep. We do know what we're doing. We have helped others have success and this is a good time to jump in.

And this email is also. Is what our team member Johnny Stellar worked on and we're showing a lot of social proof and then we're using personalization at the bottom of the email where we actually say isn't it your turn to be so the social proof and show the reader as the testimonial and so we got some positive feedback about that, too. Okay, and then I believe this we're getting towards the very end. Introducing the final bonuses. This email was probably a little less successful.

If I'm looking at the stats, I think it's really clever and fun and we're agitating some pain points, but you know, maybe it was a little bit less successful than some of the other ones it could be the bonus where it could be. It could just be that we leaned too far into clever. I'm not quite sure about that one. And then as we reach the end, there's some future pacing some real future pacing. This email was actually written like a script from a movie to show the future pacing of where you could be which is kind of fun.

There's also we lean back into the relevance and timeliness of some pop culture references, especially when we launched this over the summer stranger thing stranger things just came out on Netflix. So that was really relevant to our audience. And so we pulled in some references from that show which went over. Well again that goes over really well with our audience if we can kind of keep Taps and like what you're watching what they're reading and so we pulled that into last email FAQ touching on Final hesitations objections in an FAQ email doesn't always have to doesn't have to be the last email actually. Usually it's not our last email but in this sequence It looks like it was so we touched on all those final hesitations before we close the cart.

So anyway, that is our walkthrough of the most recent promotion that we just did we are actually in ascara mentioned. We're in the process of we launching or or conducting that same program again, and so we're going through and rewriting them and we'll be comparing what we do this time around with what we did last time because of course we're interested in improving each time improving what we did whether it's the sales page the sales emails and other things that we do to get people into that program. So that's the next step. Yeah. We got some really great feedback from Todd's team about what we can do on the sales page to improve it as far as adding the bonuses adding more social proof leaning heavily into the promise and just kind of reworking the page a bit.

So we're excited to see what happens with that as we relaunch it. So hopefully you can pull an idea or two from this email sequence something that you could experiment with or test or maybe you can just find something that you don't like and that you don't ever want to do in your own emails. And fair enough. Everything is worth testing. Everything is worth trying if it doesn't work try something else if it does work do more of it.

Yeah, but overall, we are really happy. with launch and how it went for such an easy launch. It was a program that we hadn't even created yet. So yeah. Thanks for listening.

To and enjoy the swipe file.
