---
title: "Sept 05, 2019"
date: 2019-09-06
duration: 1h 3m
duration_seconds: 3836
vimeo_id: 358338602
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Sept 05, 2019

**Date:** 2019-09-06 | **Duration:** 1h 3m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Cool. So first of all, welcome everybody. You're on Acquire and Monetize, the live traffic
call only here inside Acquire and Monetize with your host, myself, Damian Lampranchi,
Todd Brown's business partner, COO, and resident media Facebook ninja guru general guy that's
here to help you make more money, have more fun with your ads and your media and get better
results. And so thrilled to be here. I also have here with me today, my guys, my right
hand guys, Mr.

Sam is there. Hey, Sam, how are you? Hey, Sam. Sam is muted. It looks like
he's muted.

Oh, Jeff. Oh, Jeff is on it. Sam. Hey, Jeff, how are you? Hey, I'm Sam today.

You're Sam today. You can shut your camera you want, although you look handsome and dashing
as ever, but you certainly clean the camera off if you'd like. And I appreciate everybody's
patience. I know we're, we always start on time. However, Zoom, I told you we'd get a
little rant.

I got to give a quick little Zoom rant. I like Zoom. I like Zoom, but their
webinar feature is all funky. It's been erasing our webinars every single week that we do your
A&M workshops with. And for some reason, they just start vanishing and getting put into archives
even before they take place.

And so it's all under control now. Everybody's going to be safe
and we're going to land this plane just beautifully. And so we have a lot of great stuff today,
including an awesome question that launched me into a pretty deep exploration in terms of
Facebook and the biggest, most profitable lessons that I've learned over the years and years and years
of scaling businesses that I'm going to be sharing with you today. Never been asked the question,
but it was a great question. So I spent a lot of time thinking about that.

Also wanted to show you
something really, really quick. For those of you that haven't seen it, which I think everybody here
should have, this week, Todd is opening up our last run of seats we're going to be accepting for
2019 into our top one mastermind. For those of you that don't know, our top one mastermind is our
highest group. We'll work directly with our clients to add a million dollars or more to their
business over the course of a year. It's an unbelievable group.

We started when we first
started, which we're about to start our third year in our first year, almost all the members were six
and seven figure entrepreneurs. It's now made up almost exclusively of seven and eight figure
entrepreneurs with a couple gunning for nine figures. And you can see just the endorsements,
the clout behind what we do. It really is unbelievable. So I mentioned that for you because
this did not get opened up publicly.

This only got opened up to those folks who are currently
students and clients, which obviously is A&M members. You are a very important part of our
world. Look at that handsome guy is right there. Recognize him. And there he is with no beard,
beard, no beard.

Very interesting. Todd always has the beard on. I think he's afraid of change. And so for those of you out there right now on the call, listening on replay, you're sitting there
and your business is doing certainly at least in the mid six figures, and you're really ready
to not only have Todd and myself intimately in your corners to see working side by side
with you, really scaling your business to a whole new level, but looking to add huge numbers
to your business, hundreds of thousands, million or more to your business. This is where you need
to be.

It is a hand selected process. I review, screen everybody. Most folks don't even make it
to the call, let alone get accepted in. And so check your email. If for some crazy, bizarre reason
you haven't seen this, Todd shared it this week.

Just message me privately and say, I think I might
be ready for top one and I'll send you the detail. And so now onto A&M, into our academy. So let's hop
right into this right now. We're going to go right in. And Jeff, if you would just be so kind as to
moderate any questions as we go, that would be awesome.

And also let me know if Zoom has given
you the ability to unmute people as that would give me one less thing that I need to worry about on the
control side. You got it. All right. So the first question comes in from Peter. So Peter,
actually speaking of top one, is our most recent, actually second most recent member.

We accepted
into top one, works out of Vietnam, does personal development and business coaching, has a private
group there who's doing some pretty great stuff and is really ready to scale up significantly. So
we're excited, super excited to have them as a part of our top one family now. And the question
that comes in from Peter comes in and we'll unmute you in just a second. If you're somewhere,
you can talk, Peter, is we have ads for a book and also a webinar. What we see is that the price
increases 100 to 400% after four to seven days.

And we need to start with a new campaign or start
making a new creative. 50% of the time we do it and we get down to the price again. This is quite
time consuming. Just want to hear if we're doing anything wrong or how we can possibly do it
differently. So I have a lot, I spend a lot of time thinking about this.

I'll have a lot to share
with you. So let's see if Peter is somewhere that he can talk and I'm going to mute him. Peter,
are you somewhere you could talk buddy? Yeah, I can talk. Awesome.

Happy, happy Thursday. Thank you. And you're, you're in Vietnam right now. Is that correct? I'm in Vietnam.

That's right. And what is, what is the weather like in Vietnam in early September? There is like 28 degrees Celsius now. I don't know where it is in Fahrenheit, but I was going
to say 28 degrees Celsius. Is that what you make ice cream at?

I'm a Fahrenheit guy. I'm going to,
Jeff, pop off on Google for everybody and chat in what the translation is for everybody,
non-international. Cause I have no idea what temperature that is. Fahrenheit Celsius conversion. Got it.

All right. Jeff will be our weatherman. So I'm assuming it's
gorgeous weather. It's nice. It's nice weather over there, Peter.

Yeah, it's nice. It's 82.4. Yeah. 82.4. You can't get nicer than that.

All right. So I'm going to, I'm going to go through the
notes I took for you, Peter, but I'm also going to ask you some questions. That sound like a plan? That's a good plan. Yeah.

Cool. So let's talk about why KPIs drift. Uh, when I say KPI for
everybody, anybody who might be newer KPI key performance indicator, meaning, are we looking
at having a hitting a certain goal of cost per lead of say $5 a lead? Are we looking to acquire
a webinar registrant for 10 or an application to a coaching program for 30? Uh, we have a KPI,
buy a goal and drift referring to, uh, the cost changes.

All of a sudden you get out of the gate
and you have one cost for a little bit and then something changes and they go all over the place. And it could be super duper frustrating. And so, first of all, just, uh, so, you know, Peter and
for everybody in the call, uh, that's not unusual. It's not an unusual phenomenon. Uh, Jean-Michel's on,
we'll talk to him later.

He, he has an agency, so he runs for a lot of different businesses and
he'll tell you the same thing. It's not unusual. So let's talk about why they drift. And then let's
talk about, uh, what I would do on these campaigns to combat that and, and either minimize or eliminate
it. So the first reason that KPIs drift is frequency.

You know, what is the size of the
audience? And so as frequency goes up, uh, and when you look at your ads, if you click down from the
default setting into performance and clicks, uh, which I could show you later when I open up an
account, which I'll show you, I'm going to show you on a demonstration a little bit later,
you'll see that there's something called frequency, uh, opinions vary, uh, but you're able to more
important than whether or not, you know, I need to keep my frequency at 1.5 or two. I generally try to
keep it under three. Uh, what, what was more important is I would start to take a look at how does
that frequency change with costs? Like when you look at your ads over the first four to five days,
is the frequency 1.2 and then by day eight, it's at like six.

If so, the more you're serving to the
same people, the more Facebook is going to charge you. The other thing is there is a Facebook phenomenon,
which I've heard before. And again, a lot of this is, is cloak and dagger. Okay. Don't,
don't buy into any of the hype that, you know, somebody, you know, met with the CEO and he knows the
secret formula of how Facebook charges you for ad.

It's just experience in the trenches and really
sensing what the trends are. And there, there is a phenomenon where it seems like a lot of times
Facebook will sort of skim the cream off the top. And so if you give them an audience of 30,000 people
and you're looking for book buyers, they'll skim off the first like 20 at the lowest possible cost. And then all of a sudden they'll start to go to, instead of the ones that cost you $10 each,
they'll go to the ones that cost you $15 each or $20 each or $25 each. And so let's talk through
how I would address this, Peter, and some of the questions I have for you.

Does that sound good? Yeah. Cool. And if anybody else is, I'm going through this, I'm sure, like I said, this is a common thing,
seeing KPIs drifting in, in your Facebook ads, just message in, ask some questions and let's work
through this all together. This is for everyone here.

So here's what I would do. So first thing is,
Peter, are you using a lifetime or daily budget? Daily budget. Okay. So my best practices, I use daily budgets as well.

That is typically what I do. Every market,
every part of the world is different. What I would tell you is I would test using a lifetime budget. Not because, again, it's not my default setting. It's not my default best practice,
but one simple thing to test to see if you can eliminate the drift is to go to a lifetime budget.

So if you're spending $100 a day and you usually drift after seven days, set a lifetime budget of
700 bucks and set it for a week and see if your KPI is set in range. And if so, then once a week,
you just might need to duplicate and reset your lifetime budget ads. Does that make sense? Yep. So that's one thing I would try.

Next up. I would also test a different set point. I can, you know, I'm a math guy. I was an accounting major. I like math.

I can theorize
why the algorithm gives different performances based on your set point, meaning the daily budget
you're shooting for. Um, it doesn't, it seems like it should be linear, right? What works at
$30 a day should work at 35, 40, 50, you know, 60, 80, a hundred dollars. But I've noticed both above
and below a certain price, uh, not price, uh, budget standpoint that the, the KPIs we're able to achieve
can vary for some reason. And again, cloak and dagger, I'm not going to tell you there's some secret
formula I have, or I met some ex Facebook disgruntled employee who gave me, you know,
his secret sauce.

Um, I could just tell you from the millions that I've managed on Facebook,
there are just times when I run a campaign at $80 doesn't do well. And I bump it up to one 20
and all of a sudden it sits in KPIs and it stays there, uh, for a good amount of time. And I've also
seen the reverse sometimes just dropping it a bit. So one of the things I would test is if you're
always running at how much of your daily budgets usually on a, on a campaign, Peter right now is
like, uh, uh, $500 or something. Okay.

So I would test, I would test some different numbers. I would
test, uh, you know, $500 is, you know, it's not a small amount, not a huge amount. Um, but I would
test maybe running at like 350 and seeing whether or not you still experienced the drift. Um, I would
test lower first just cause it costs you less money. Uh, and then I would, you know, possibly
test higher.

And again, these are all things that you, you, you need to test, right? There's no,
uh, there's no specific, like if you just push this button, money will come out of the computer. If there was, uh, as Todd says, I would be pushing the button, not talking to anybody,
not talking to any, not, not here. I'd be pushing the money, but, uh, you know, this is,
this is what marketing is. We have to test these things and see how they perform.

Does that make sense? Hmm. Um, the next thing I would look at is, uh, one thing I would check into is if I noticed my
KPIs drifting on an ad, I would notice if after four to seven days, if I start getting negative
feedback, uh, have you checked into this Peter? No, I not done that. So check.

Yeah. So check into
that, right. You know, you might not realize that five days later you have 10 comments that are like,
Hey, the link doesn't work. Or I know the guy in that picture, he's a jerk, or you have a typo,
you know, you're not professional and you might be getting negative feedback after five to seven days,
which is then hurting your, your KPIs and increasing your costs and stuff like that. And so,
uh, I would be sure to check your ads, see if there's any negative feedback issues, whether it's
negative comments, people putting angry faces or thumbs down on your ads.

And if so, uh, inside of our,
our MFA internal traffic program, which you get as an A&M member and as a top one member,
you have access to that. Um, I go over how I warm up ads and how I make sure that I get, you know,
a hundred likes on an ad before, uh, you know, before I start to scale just to make sure that
the ad has a lot of social proof at the end that the algorithm goes, Oh, okay. This is a good piece
of valuable content that people are responding positively to. Does that make sense? Yeah.

All right. Um, quick question for you. Have you tried to ride the wave past the rise in cost? Like
I know you said it typically rises after five to seven days. Have you ever made it to day 12 to
see if it comes back down?

Uh, not maybe so long times, like five more days, but I tried to do it
like two, three more days and it's, uh, basically just keep up, but maybe I could try a longer period. Um, I, as long as you've gone at least three days, uh, it's a rule, my buddy, Kurt Molly said to me
once, and I think it's a, it's a good one is he, you know, he said, listen, he goes, if you don't see
something for three days and straight in Facebook, he's like, don't believe it. Um, so as long as you've,
you've gone at least, you know, and you've seen three consecutive days where there's no sign of
it coming back, like it jumps from $5 a webinar registrant to 15 and it's a 15, 15, 15, three days
in a row, uh, then I don't need to go any further. But what I would ask is at the $500 a day, uh,
you're optimizing for, and this is important for everybody to listen very closely to what I'm about
to say. You're optimizing for webinar registrants or book sales or both or two separate campaigns.

Uh, two separate campaigns. Yeah. So, yeah. So let's talk about the webinar registrants about
how many are you getting per day registrants? Um, so I am, uh, around, I pay around $15 per
a registrants or something.

Uh, yeah. So yeah, then you can calculate for yourself like 20,
25 around that. Yeah. 25. Yeah.

Okay. So, and the reason I'm asking for everybody here
is you really want to, you know, in order to feed the AI inside of Facebook, you want to hit the bell,
so to speak, right? The Pavlov and his dogs and the little bell, we want to train the algorithm
in order to train the algorithm. We have to have enough successful occurrences. And so if we set
up a campaign and we're only getting five webinar registrants a week, and we say optimize for webinar
registrants, Facebook has no idea what to do because we're not feeding them enough data.

And so that's
why I'm asking, certainly if you're getting, you know, 20, 30 webinar registrants a day, that translates
to, you know, 150 to, uh, you know, 200 plus a week. That's a good amount. What about, and you said
the webinar registering cost is also drifting after four to seven days. Is that correct? Yeah.

Yeah. So what I've done most is webinar registration and that's where I had the
biggest problem, but now I just launched the book. So now I see the same thing is happening. Okay. All right.

So four is a best practice for other campaigns for your particular issue. Four
doesn't seem to be something I'd look at Peter. Uh, but it is a good practice for the future just to
keep in mind, but I would not apply it to this case now that you've provided some additional
information. Um, and then I had two more points I wanted to make with you. Um, one of the things
I would consider is I'll tell you this, my experience, I know, I know it sounds really
impressive.

I've seen the Facebook articles. I've watched the videos. I've heard the trainings
and they're like, you know, once you get a hundred conversions, you can dig through the conversions
and figure out where the ROI is and the most responsive and really set these really tight
parameters quotes on tight parameters around your audiences. Meaning that if you're advertising
to say people who are fans of baseball, and then you're like, well, I noticed that females
who are 20 to 35 years old, who are married and also live on the West coast there, they spend
the most money. They convert the best.

They get my, my best KPIs. What I have found time and
time and time again is that the Facebook AI has a, has a little bit of its own personality. And when you try to tell it to do its job too much, um, I've noticed that just time over
time, nine out of 10 times, Facebook is going to penalize you. And so I've had campaigns where
I've had a 2 million person lookalike audience. I've dug through the data and I've seen, wow,
males who are over 50, you know, and on this device, man, that I'm getting leads for like
two bucks.

It's amazing. And I'll create a same exact campaign and I'll say males over
50 only on mobile. And you know what? Facebook jacks my KPIs up almost tenfold. And so I've
found time and time again that the AI, uh, if you try to be too restrictive in terms of
setting restrictions, um, it will hurt you.

However, I have seen good success. And one of
the things I would look at in terms of splitting out at a very high level. And when I say high
level, either by country, by device or by male, female, only one of those things. So not like
super intricate, like age range and, and, uh, you know, people who live in a part of a country and
this and that, but, you know, having these big, broad things, if you're advertising to say,
you know, five different countries, um, and you notice that two of those countries are doing really
well, try average setting up a new campaign just to those countries. See if you still experience
a dream, same thing with a device.

If you, uh, drill down, um, and if anybody here doesn't know
how to drill down, just say, Hey, Damien, show us how to drill down. When we look at some data
on, you could drill down to device and you know, that mobile is, you know, wildly more profitable
than you could set your ads, you know, set up two campaigns, just mobile, just desktop, uh, or the
same thing with just, just female, just male, not adding too many restrictions. Cause again, I've seen
that backlash so many times from the AI that, you know, I kind of imagined the AI going like,
you think, you know, better, I will teach you. And then it was like, and it hits the KPIs and the KPIs
go through the roof. Uh, however, doing a big split like this, uh, can be effective.

Does that make
sense, Peter? Yeah, it makes sense. Uh, and then not last, but not least, uh, goes without saying,
but worth mentioning, are you currently retargeting? Yeah, I'm doing that. Okay.

And is your retargeting
helping to mitigate your, your rising KPI costs? You know, retargeting is also working quite bad
for me. I never, uh, when I retargeting, I, it's, I don't, that's another story, but, uh, it doesn't
work. So like, uh, I don't get, so I get a lot of time. I get more costs on retargeting audience than
I do on that.

Yeah. So, so again, I, I go over the retargeting method that I use internally for
us inside of that training, uh, Peter and Jeff, if you could just make a note, Jeff, uh, after the
call, just Slack, uh, Peter inside of, uh, A&M and just show them where that, uh, MFA internal
training is. He's a top one member. Uh, he's got access to everything. And, uh, yeah, you can watch
through that retargeting module, how I do retargeting, uh, just a couple of quick pointers,
just setting the retargeted budget around 20% of your overall daily spend.

So if you're spending
500 a day, I would not set the retargeting budget above a hundred bucks a day. And a couple other
things that are important. Uh, but certainly, uh, you're retargeting on a straightforward lead
generation campaign ought to dramatically drop your, your should be producing lower KPIs. So typically
when we have a regular campaign that's producing $10 webinar registrants, retargeting and go get
us down to about around half, five, six bucks a lead. Okay.

Cool. Okay. Um, so these are the
steps I would look at. Again, this is all going to be a little bit of testing, uh, as you go through
again, for your particular case, Peter, uh, I wouldn't be concerned with four, but it's a best
practice going forward for everybody on the call. As you're looking at a drift, I would definitely look
at number three first and just see if all of a sudden your ads are suddenly like getting a
ton of negative feedback and, or even questions and comments that are being ignored and nobody's
addressing it.

Um, and I would check that as well. And then if, if that's not the case as well,
then I would start by again, doing some of the tests I mentioned, uh, about trying a different set
point, trying to switch the budgeting strategy, uh, and then even trying like a big split based on
country or device or gender. Okay, cool. Cool. Does this give you enough to, uh, to work with and
come back with some results and data for us?

Yep. Thank you so much. Awesome. Pleasure speaking
with you. All right.

Great, great question. I hope everybody got a ton out of that. If you have any
questions, certainly pop them through and I could also answer them later as well. Next, we have a
question from my man, Andre, Andre Minsov, uh, really great question here. So, uh, let me read this
out loud for everybody.

Andre is coming from a different part of the, the different side of the
pond, as they say. And so he's not on with us live, but I'll be watching us on replay. And it's
a great question for everybody here. So here's Andre's situation. You could think about what you
would do.

Uh, unfortunately I will not be able to attend live, but really hope you can go through
this. Your hopes are fulfilled, Andre. We're going to go through this and Jeff, you could also message
Andre and just let him know, uh, at what time mark we covered this. That way he knows we got them
all taken care of as we love to show our love to our A&M members. It says, I'll try to provide as
much relevant info as possible.

Who are we? The only trademarking company in the world that offers a
risk-free guarantee trademarking service for an all-inclusive flat fee. Interesting. Our offer,
we don't really have a low entry price point, 2,500 after a free phone call with our strategy advisors,
our closers, the objectives to get qualified, traffic to book calls with our strategy advisors. We've tried several things on Facebook with very disappointing results.

So funnel number one,
he said, Facebook ad video plus tax, uh, to a click funnels page, an on-demand webinar on how to,
uh, webinar about creating and using brands to build a successful business webinar makes
watch the webinar to book a call with our strategy advisors spent around 300 bucks, 186 clicks,
no webinar signups. Um, and then next there was another funnel with a video plus text direct to a
booking page, spent around 150 bucks, generated 33 clicks and zero bookings, uh, for a reference,
uh, around 15, they spent 15 minutes on a little Google ad and spent 150 bucks, 96 clicks and five
bookings. And he says, our competitors are not advertising on Facebook, but everyone is telling
me we should be. We're working with some local consultants. They came up with two different
strategies and this is the, uh, trademark factory.com for those of you that want to check out a
site or need a trademark, right?

We're going to work with somebody, work at the best, work with
our A&M members. So one strategy he said is to, you know, was recommended by his consultant is to
run 10 new ideas, new landing page, new audiences, new copy up to a hundred dollars each. See if that
works. Another strategy he suggested is that a hundred dollars, just too small of a budget for
Facebook to learn. Unless we spend three to 5k, uh, testing one obsession, uh, one assumption
we'll be throwing our money away.

And so Andre's questions are in order. Who do you think is
right? Strategy one or two, neither are both. I like that question. I'd like to hear from
everybody.

We're going to get to you in a second with that. Without seeing the webinar or landing
page, do you think it's a viable strategy for selling trademarking service? And do you think
Facebook is the right platform for cold traffic of cold business owners who have a brand they want
to protect? Okay. So first question, is anybody here?

And I'm going to look, especially to some of
our, some of our senior guys like Jean-Michel, who's a savvy student agency owners, always on these
calls. Uh, so what does everybody on the call think? Strategy one, strategy two, neither or both. Would you approach if this was your business? And I'm going to tell you how, uh, how do I look at
this challenge right now?

This traffic challenge. Got some folks on the fence, a little bit of thinking
going on here. Jeff, feel free to chime in the chat box as well. I won't make you talk. I always
put Jeff on the spot with math.

Um, Jean-Michel is voting for number one. Um, uh, I'd like to hear
from, I'm going to unmute Jean-Michel in a sec. I'm going to unmute Jean-Michel. Uh, hey Jean-Michel,
how are you? I'm great.

Good. So tell me why, why, why would you, why, as an, you're an agency
owner, you've helped multiple businesses, different niches. Why would you go with strategy
number one? I'd like to hear your thinking on this. Um, I would say because maybe most
of business owners may be not aware about, uh, protecting their brand, I would say.

So
I think that would be wise to kind of educate, um, the prospect first. Okay. And what, what about strategy number one says, educate the prospect that just says
try new landing pages, new audiences, new copy? Oh, okay. Oh, I was thinking about funnel
number one, actually.

Uh, click funnels to an on-demand webinar. So you're saying you,
you would try a webinar, but what about the strategy? Would you try strategy one or two
or neither or both? Okay. One, 10 new ideas.

Uh, I don't know, maybe not 10 new ideas, but
I think it's love to test with corn traffic differently. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, so, so that's
interesting.

So let me, let me tell you how I look at this issue. So let's talk about search
versus Facebook and let's talk about content. So what's interesting is, you know, some people
will always say, Oh, is search better or is Facebook, which is, you know, you could call
it interruption marketing better. Um, and there is no better. Um, they're both good, but they're
for different purposes, right?

Um, the very simple example, let's say your toilet breaks
in your house, right? Jean-Michel. Right. And you're a service that provides, you know,
you fix toilets in 24, you're a 24 hour plumber. Do you think a 24 hour plumber belongs on Facebook
with interruption marketing?

Or do you think it belongs on search? On search. Uh, yeah. Yeah. Right.

Because it's something that people are looking for, right? Unless until the day comes
that Facebook goes like, Hey, we know when people can't fit into their bathing suits and
their toilets break, and we're going to let you click a button and show an ad to them
exactly when they're feeling emotionally high or low, or they can't use their toilet. Um,
until that day comes, there are certain things that are people only really look for when there's
a very specific need. Uh, and my, my contention, my experience would be something like trademarking
is, is, is more of a search, uh, is more search driven. How do you feel about that, Jean-Michel?

Jean-Michel. Yeah. I think like, um, like Google ads are more a bit like, uh, yellow pages and Facebook
more like, you know, um, um, um, kind of newspaper, uh, in which you have ads. And, uh, yeah, I think
for trademark, it's good as well to have, um, to use maybe Google ads, but I would try as well. It depends on the budget, but I would try as well as well.

Yeah. Yeah. So, so I, so first of all,
I agree a hundred percent on the, uh, that it is more of a search item, but a couple of things that
I would do. So first of all, I liked the idea of a webinar. Um, however, you know, and it might be
the way the ad was set up, but you get 186 clicks, no webinar signups there.

There's an issue somewhere. There's an issue with the audience, the messaging, the landing page. Um, and so something that Andre,
uh, you can do on a conversion call next week with Todd is I would talk through it. If you feel like
you can really come up with an ultra compelling hook for a webinar, right? If the webinar is about
trademarks, I'm telling you, the only people who are going to get it are those people that are
currently going, I think I need to trademark my stuff.

Um, but if the webinar is about like how to,
you know, how to build concrete walls around your business so that, you know, as soon as you start
making money, nobody can pirate, take or steal, you know, your income and your life's work, or,
you know, if it's around something and that that's a very, not the best example, but if you could
create something really, really interesting, how to create an unfair advantage in any market and
actually close out your competitors, you know, with the simple solution that puts the government on
your side or, you know, whatever it is, um, then by all means I would test it. You know,
you can test a webinar. Um, but if it says sort of trademark right on the front,
my gut tells me you're only going to get people who are thinking actively thinking about getting
a trademark, which is more search driven. Now, the exception to that is if I was going to use
Facebook, I would do a face. I would do two things.

Number one, and I think Jean-Michel,
this is what you were about to get at is I would test, uh, content, right? So I would put together
a three minute video that very fully front and center says, Hey, have you ever wondered,
you know, should I trademark my business and what happens, you know, is my business, my life's work,
my following at risk if I don't, and do I need a full legal team or is actually a simple way to put,
you know, the government on my side and my corner so that people can't steal my life's work
and my imprint in the world, you know? Um, and then if people watch that video and they watch at
least, you know, half of it, or maybe the full hundred percent or 75% of it, then target those
people on Facebook, but use the video since video, uh, not only is much less expensive, but it also
gives you a lot more targeting options than just driving to a clicker conversion. Uh, you can use
that. You agree with that, Sean, Michelle?

Yeah, totally. Now the other thing I would do,
and this, this is, uh, this is pretty good is I also would potentially try doing a cross platform
strategy where you do something like YouTube ads and, you know, because again, people, you know,
YouTube is search driven, right? People go to you. I just went to YouTube. I go to YouTube for the
most bizarre things.

Um, you know, I went to YouTube, what was it the other day? It was, uh,
how to, Oh, how, how to trim the feathers on a duck. Jean-Michel, my ducks have been flying away. Oh, yeah. I was in, I was in Chicago.

My dad's getting medical treatments. I take trips with him
to Chicago every, uh, every month or so. And, uh, my wife sends me a message and she goes, Damien,
the neighbors just called, uh, one of your ducks is swimming in their pool. And so, so I had to do
something. So I went to YouTube and I said, you know, how do I trim duck wings?

And it was like
this little, little cute, little nine-year-old girl with a pair of scissors and I learned how
to trim some duck wings. And so I trimmed my ducks wings. My point is people go to, you know,
use YouTube for search and information and no, undoubtedly, uh, they're going there to learn
about trademarking. And so I would really try a heavy YouTube strategy around content around,
you know, how do I get a trademark? Do I need a lawyer?

What's the least expensive way? How do I know if a trademark is protected? Really cover the questions that people have,
uh, and then maybe offer something, uh, a lead magnet, a free download. I wouldn't go straight
to an assessment or a call. That's a little too intimidating.

And then, you know, provide
a URL when people hit that URL, then those people could be retargeted on Facebook. How do you feel
about that? I know, I know this isn't your campaign, but since Andre is not here and I love
talking to you, Jean-Michel, I figured I, I'd let you, I'd let you be a representative. Yeah, I think that's a great idea. Yeah, definitely.

Yeah. Anything you'd add to that, Jean-Michel? Uh, no, you said everything. I said everything. Well, you heard it, Andre.

So now Jeff, you could tell Andre that I said
everything and Jean-Michel agrees. And now for everybody out there, again, I want you to think
about that in your market, in your niche. And it might not only be market-based, it might be
for certain types of offers. Certain types of offers lend themselves to interruption marketing. Uh, other offers really are search-based.

Uh, and so really think about that when you put
you through your campaigns, whether you should be on search or Facebook. And as I just showed
you right here, a very simple way to use Facebook, uh, even if you have something that is more
search-driven, you can still use Facebook, uh, and sort of create a layered content strategy
to identify those people. So it's good that I have you unmuted because I have your question
up here, Jean-Michel. Uh, it says, Hey Damien, after all these years of running Facebook ads,
what is the biggest, the biggest lesson you've learned? I don't have one biggest lesson.

I
have like eight. I probably have more, but I've got eight so far. Does that sound good? Yeah, that's great. All right.

So, so here we go. I've never been asked this question. And so this is going to
come fast and furious. The first couple of things are going to seem, uh, are going to be
different. They're going to be more mindset driven than tactical driven.

And that's because
listen, when you're running ads and you're spending money, whether it's yours or your
clients. And as soon as you click that little active button, there's an excitement that happens,
but there's also a, Holy smokes, the money's going to start going out, right? The money's
just going to start going out and it could be a very stressful experience. And so a couple of
things. So let's talk about what I would do and how I would, uh, how I would approach this.

All right. So first thing, my biggest lessons from scaling Facebook and buying ads. So first
of all, all marketing is test marketing. This is a mindset thing. Uh, it's really, really,
really important, um, that you understand all marketing is test marketing.

Listen, nobody
hits a hundred percent of the time, uh, inside of a Gore financial, uh, who Todd consults with
and we do a lot of different work with them. They're, you know, $400 million financial
publication. Their success record is they, they look for about two or three out of every
10 promotions to actually work, right? That's why it's so important for everybody to be in
A&M being part of this Academy so that you can learn to put out more than if you put out
only one promotion a year, it might take you 10 years to get to a winner. You have to get
to a point where you're, you're marketing chops.

You're surrounded by great marketers. You're getting educated. You're inspired so that you can put out three, four, five promotions
a year so that you can get to those winners a lot faster because all marketing is test
marketing. And that includes going on Facebook. I've had campaigns that have crushed to our
house list.

I'll put them on Facebook and it's crickets. Um, you know, all marketing is test
marketing. Get that in your mind. Understand that when you're marketing, it is test marketing. You will feel better about yourself and you'll be less stressed.

Number two,
get your mindset right. Okay. Todd speaks so eloquently about that, this, and you could hear
him teach about this in numerous of our courses and programs for everybody here. Remembering
advertising is not an expense is an investment and you are an investor buying data to establish
a steady and scalable source of new customer sales. And so even avoiding, I know it might sound
like a little, uh, a little voodoo, like don't say the word expense, but really like avoid it just,
Hey, we've invested this much in ads.

And here's what we learned. We learned that this audience doesn't
work. We learned that for this audience, it costs us $50 to get a book fire. We learned that this ad
is doing better. We're buying data.

And our goal is to establish is to buy enough data that we find the
data that will allow us to get steady new customer sales. We are investors again, very, very important
because if you don't have this mindset, you'll invest money on ads and you'll just, you'll freak
out. You'll be stressed out of your mind. I know cause I've done it. And you'll also make bad decisions
because you won't understand that you're investing.

You'll just feel like, Oh, I'm just, I'm just losing
money. I'm wasting money. Um, now if you're not following the stuff I teach, you're not learning. If you're not studying the data, then yes, you're wasting money. However, if you're doing it right,
you are, and we are investors.

Okay. Uh, all marketing is test marketing. I don't know why
that popped up twice. It's cause it's that important. Number three, uh, don't take your
Facebook wins and losses personally.

This is Jean-Michel, be honest. Do you sometimes feel
like Facebook is out to get you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Me too. Me too. So let's, let's just
agree that Facebook isn't out to get you. They're not out to get, they're not out to
get anybody on this call.

It's not a personal thing, right? Sometimes ads get disapproved. Sometimes it's, it's just, uh, an automated disapproval. Sometimes there's a rep who didn't
understand what you were doing. Accounts get into trouble for different issues.

Sometimes,
you know, I get charged a ridiculous, you know, I've gotten charged like $50 CPMs for ads for
no reason. I've experienced drift just like Peter has where I'm running. I literally, I've had ads,
Jean-Michel, where I'll like, you know, every couple of months I'll review all our data. Cause
we spend a, spend a pretty good amount on ads and I'll go in and I'll go like, Holy cow,
this was a great campaign. Why did I turn this off?

This was getting us $4 leads. And I'll literally
all do is click the button, turn it back on. And it'll be like leads $24. I'll be like, you just,
you just gave me like a couple hundred leads at four bucks. Now they're 24 bucks.

They're six times as
expensive. You know, it's not personal, right? It's just a machine. It's just a machine. Don't
take the wins and losses personal.

The more you can get data minded, data driven, the better off
you'll be mentally and the better decisions you'll make. Number four, build a strategy that respects
the fact that you are playing in their sandbox. This is so important. There are no, you know,
all this stuff and they still come out. I can't believe they still come out today.

People be like,
oh yeah, there's this thing. It's not technically compliant, but you can like scrape data from
Facebook and then put it into a second Facebook account and then, you know, mail it to a friend
in Canada and have them uploaded to a third account. And then you can, it's like, dude, stop, stop. Right. We're here to build scalable businesses the right way.

Don't try to game the system. Learn,
respect the fact that you play in their sandbox. Stop getting mad. Stop getting angry. Facebook's a
company.

They can make, they're allowed to make the rules. They're allowed to change the rules
as they want and learn to play within their sandbox. That's why I've spent as much time as I have
talking about compliance, talking about just sound ways to run your ads. Look, listen, I love ninja
moves, which I'll talk about in a minute. I love the ninja moves, but you have to play in their sandbox
and it's the fundamental stuff.

It's getting the fundamental stuff, right. Uh, that establishes a winning campaign. It's not all the like, Oh, if I only just
slightly bent the law, you know, maybe I could figure it out. Um,
so next up, number five, focus on your MDF. Uh, I use MDF for a lot of the different stuff.

Todd always talks about minimum viable funnel. Uh, so I'll use MDF tracking and nail it before you
start spending. I think a lot of times, uh, Jean-Michel and for everybody on the call,
what a lot of marketers do. And I've done this before is I'll start a campaign and I'll be like,
I want to know webinar registrants. I want to know show rate.

I want to know show rate based on,
uh, you know, which ad they came through. Then I want to know their buy rate based upon their show
rate based upon how many days between the time they registered in the webinar. Then I want to know
how, you know, the dollar cost per registrant based upon whether they click the ad two times or
three. And, and, you know, they might be great questions, but when you're first starting out,
what I find out time and again is where we set up these very complicated metrics,
instead of getting very complicated metrics, we don't even get the basic stuff, right? We, we mess up the Jean-Michel, tell me I'm not alone.

Tell me you've been there where literally
you shoot for the moon. And then even the basic stuff of how much are we paying per lead and how
much is the lead worth? You can't get to a reasonable answer. Yeah, that's true. Yeah.

Right. It happens, especially dealing with clients. I'm sure you see it all the time. And so
when, for everybody here, when you're starting a campaign, um, and this goes for Jeff, Jeff has
done a great job. He's been, uh, I think he holds the title as the only person who set up ads for us
on our team inside of Facebook, um, and actually set them up.

He has a campaign running now that's,
that's doing pretty well for us. Um, and like I always said, like, there's a lot of questions I'd love
to ask, but at the start, like, let's, uh, uh, you know, he, you know, let's just get the stuff
right. Like, let's get the stuff right, uh, from the beginning, um, and get the basics, right. You
know? All right.

Let's see what else is happening. Number six, always minimize the variables when testing
new campaigns. This is so, uh, this is so, so important. Okay. So when you test with multiple variables, what happens is you can't determine what's winning or
losing.

So if you're like, well, I'm testing five different audiences. I never tried three different,
uh, ads I've never used before. And also an offer that's unproven. Well, guess what? You're
going to have no clue why anything works.

It's impossible. And that's why I said, we're investors
because the further along you get, the hardest thing is, is when you first start, because you
don't have the data, you don't have a proven path to put your feet on. But the further along you get,
the more data you get, the more you're able to go, Hey, look, I know that, you know, people who have
pet ducks, if I have a good offer, people who have pet ducks will convert from my offer. And you start
to minimize those variables. So when you come out of the gate, we want to have the straightest path,
the most minimal number of variables.

Otherwise we're going to pay to get a lot of data that we're
not going to know what to do with. Does that make sense, Sean, Michelle? Yeah, totally. I got two more and I could easily, as you could tell, I could, I could go way deep into these. I
could spend a couple hours just on this list, but I wanted to give some high level stuff.

And
obviously a lot of this I've taught about before, uh, certainly on our A&M calls. Number seven, master the art of the MBF ad testing. Remember optimization will never turn
a loser into a winner. And so the, the next lesson in terms of what I've learned is that
it's so important to learn how to get to minimum viable testing quickly. And what I mean by that
is how do I get to the point where I can determine what's going to win and lose as quickly and easily
as possible.

Okay. Uh, you know, what's the easiest way to get there? Because we don't,
you know, if we're in the business where every time we come up with a new offer, it takes us
three months and $50,000 to figure out if it wins, man, it's going to be hard. It's gonna be hard to
make money in scale. You need to get really good.

And again, I talk about it. I teach about it all the
time. I share my best practices with you at learning how to get to that minimum viable ad test as
quickly as possible. And keeping in mind, I love optimization. I love optimization.

It's one of
the things that I fell in love with the online business is idea that you could have something
that's making a hundred dollars a day. And then literally by changing a couple of words,
tweaking something, changing a price, suddenly it can make $140 and literally you can make money out
of thin air, but be clear about this. You will never turn a win, a loser into a winner through
optimization. And the reason I say that in the context of minimum viable testing is because when
you're doing minimum viable testing, if something looks like a loser, if you know, I need to get
webinar registrants for around 10 bucks and you set up a funnel and no matter what you do, it's
generating leads at 50 bucks, you're not going to optimize your way to a winner, right? That's just
not working.

Whether the messaging is not working, whether the ad and the landing page is off, the
point is you're not going to get there. And so minimum viable testing, so you know as quickly as
possible, is this a loser or does this have the possibility to be a winner? And last but not least, and my Roman numerals are all messed up. Blame the Romans, blame Zoom. I
apologize, but I don't think anybody really cares about my Roman numerals here.

Just the slides,
they just don't update the way they're supposed to sometimes. Anyways, focus on horizontal, not
vertical scaling. I taught about this, I think it was not last session, but two sessions before this
about horizontal scaling that really where one of the biggest lessons I've learned is that
adding zeros to your ad budgets into your daily sales is not about just clicking the increased
budget from $50 to $500. It's about horizontal scaling. It's about being able to open up different
winning ads, different winning audiences, different channels, and creating blended KPIs that are all within
range.

Okay. So any questions on any of that, Jean-Michel? No, no, it was really clear. You know, as an A&M member and somebody who's been a student, what would be one of your biggest lessons
you'd share with the other A&M members that you've learned from Rang Eds? I would say mindset to, and yeah, this is, you were spot on about the mindset that you have to
invest and be okay that in the beginning, maybe you're not gonna, I would say, get the result that
you want, but you're learning with, you know, with the data that you're getting.

So yeah, because
sometimes you want to stop some tests even before you get enough data. And I think it's all about the
mindset that you have to be okay that, yeah, you have to, to invest and, and make sure that you
have enough data before you start making any decisions. Yeah. And what do you, and just for everybody here who's running their first ads, do you remember
when your first, when you ran your first ads and how emotional and stressed you were? Yeah.

What was it like? Uh, updating the ad manager, like almost every five minutes, stuff like that. And, and yeah,
kind of, yeah, like stress and, and yeah, many that. Yeah. Yeah.

It can be stressful, but it can also be fun, right? When it's making money,
it's a good feeling when you're like, man, I, I did the work. I got it right. Um,
and so cool. Well, thank you for, for joining.

Uh, I'm going to actually, this is a question you
had from a couple of weeks ago, uh, and I'm going to answer it now. So I'll, I'll leave you
unmuted, Jean-Michel. You're, you're, you're not making any, any loud sounds or distracting things. So, so Jean-Michel asked a question. Everybody should be noticed this, that Facebook has now
rolled out campaign optimization.

And so this is being flipped over on accounts. Uh, sometimes when
they roll stuff out, they roll it out, uh, on the per account basis and just make sure nothing breaks,
but most of you are probably seeing this already. And what campaign optimization means
is that prior to campaign optimization, you would have a campaign, a campaign objective might be
get webinar leads. And then within that, you would be able to have different ad sets. I want to target
people who visited my blog.

I want to target, uh, people who follow Tony Robbins. I want to target,
you know, women who are into yoga and you could run a different budget for each of your different ad
sets. However, Facebook is now doing what's called campaign optimization, a step that they feel is
towards letting their AI do more of the work and get you more of the results and us advertisers more
of the results we want. And what that means is you do not set the budgets any longer at an ad set
level, but rather they're happening at a campaign level. So let me show this to you.

Uh, give me one
second. I'm just going to stop my screen sharing. Cause I have to get out of my slide deck
and I will pull this up. Just hang tight, everybody. And so Jean-Michel asked this question, uh, a couple of weeks ago, he said, what are you going
to do about campaign optimization?

And my answer is I'm going to do absolutely nothing, uh, until I see
what the effect is on, uh, on our, on our campaigns and what's happening. And so let me show you something. And, uh, and I think they rescheduled it for February, I think, 2020, I think. What was that? Jean-Michel?

I think they rescheduled the, uh, CBO for, uh, February, 2020. February, 2020. Interesting. I mean, I'm seeing it, I'm seeing it now. So, so I'm all on, all my stuff is,
is being, uh, changed up a little bit.

Let me, let me see. I had one campaign, you know,
it's funny you say that because some of my campaigns that I set up earlier are not doing
that. Uh, they're going, uh, they're still based upon ad set, but, uh, let me see if I could show
you one. It might've just been a test ad that popped up, but it definitely showed up in our
account, uh, where they were, they stripped out all our options. Let me do, I'll just show you this
real quick.

So this is, uh, let me screen share. Hold on a moment. So you should be able to see my, uh, screen. Yes. Yep.

Yep. And so as you could see, this is a,
this is a little test campaign that, uh, we may leave on, we might turn off for a book we were
doing for a little bit. Anyways, this is just a little bit of data. And as you could see,
you can set the budget here. Um, and I had our first campaign come up where Facebook actually
removed this entire column of budget.

And so there was no more budgeting at this level. Uh,
you could still create different ad sets. Uh, however, the budget was being set at this level,
which is the campaign level over here, uh, was being set. Let me just see this right here. Yeah.

See, this is, this is an example of that. So this campaign right here,
uh, this is a little test campaign we're running. It's 80 bucks a day. Uh, and as you click in,
you'll notice that that option is gone. Do you see that John, Michelle?

Yeah. Yeah. That option
is gone and it's using the campaign budget. And so that's the difference. And so what I found was,
uh, in typical Facebook fashion, uh, if we click on a lifetime over here, uh, what would happen was a lot
of times they would not even serve the other ad sets.

The algorithm would just go, no, no, no,
I know which one's the winner. And they would just stop, uh, serving everything. By the way,
I just stopped my, my screen shirt. Cause there's nothing else I want to show you there for the
moment. Uh, so they would just stop serving to the different ad sets.

And so certain ad sets
wouldn't get served. And so basically what I've, what I've done is the same thing that I've done
when Facebook does the same thing with ad creatives, right? How many times, Jean-Michel,
have you run an ad creative and you put up two ad creatives or three ad creatives and Facebook
sends 95% of the traffic to one ad within 24 hours and you never know how the others are going to do. Yeah. Yeah.

Almost all the time. Yeah. It happens all the time. And so just like I would run multiple
ad sets with one with different ad creatives and each is duplicate the ad set and then run a
different creative. That's the same thing that I've done at the campaign level.

When that optimist,
when it's, uh, when I'm being forced into campaign optimization, which will all be in campaign
optimization, uh, eventually, uh, and again, some of us are already seeing it, uh, start to trickle
out. I'll then create multiple campaigns at the campaign level. Like if I know that my ad sets are
all getting served, then I'm going to create multiple campaigns, the same exact setting, and then
force Facebook to serve my different audiences at the ad set level by just creating one, a different
ad set, uh, within each of the duplicated or clone campaigns. Does that make sense, Sean, Michelle? Yeah.

Yeah. All right. Awesome. Awesome. Well, I hope everybody had a great time.

I'm certainly here. If anybody has any questions about what we covered today, we covered a lot, a lot of ground. We had a
great question from, uh, Peter all about drift and how to deal with drift when your, your expenses start
going out of range. Uh, we talked about, uh, the biggest lessons I've learned inside of Facebook,
uh, and Facebook advertising mindset as well as some other best practices. We drilled into Andre's
campaign and talked about search versus interruption marketing.

And then also talked about campaign
optimization. So a lot, a lot of ground we covered here today. And, uh, of course, I always enjoy having
Jean-Michel with me. Thank you. Pleasure to have you.

And my man, Jeff. Yeah. Great to be here. Thanks, David. Absolutely.

Absolutely. So if there are any final questions, I'll hang out for, for getting the
golden seven seconds of silence. Uh, just have a quick question. That was like one second. Good.

Very good. What's your question? Pretty good with what we've really broad targeting. Are you getting
as well, those kinds of results? Like, I mean, not putting any interest, just really broad.

And, um,
I have really good campaigns that working very well, uh, with really broad targeting. So, so what I would say, and I've covered this a couple of times, um, and you could look back into
some of the convert, uh, some of the traffic calls I've done. So broad targeting. So, so let me tell you
kind of like a, a blessing and a curse. Uh, a lot of times, you know, Todd, Todd is, is, uh, is a consultant
to Agora Financial.

Agora Financial is massive. They have massive broad appeal, right? They,
they just reach into a big, huge financial financial market in general reaches, right? Everybody wants to make more money, right? There's no, you know, it's not like clipping
ducklings or teaching people how to, you know, craft a more, uh, more persuasive marketing argument,
which there's a very niche, niche group of people that want to do that.

Everybody wants to make more
money. Everybody wants to lose weight. Um, everybody wants to have better relationships,
right? All those things are sort of universal. And so when you have an offer that potentially
is, is one just wildly valuable, unique, and irresistible and something that, uh, you'll
probably hear Todd talk about along the conversion calls.

We're talking about just more and more
really emphasizing. We've always taught this, but really recognizing how much more important
it is today than ever before. You have an offer that presents a new opportunity, right? It's
a new idea with a new opportunity, right? A new way to lose weight and a new opportunity that
nobody ever thought about, right?

Um, you know, lose weight through singing, you know, something
that people are like, Oh my goodness. Uh, you know, I never thought you could lose weight through
singing. I've never heard of such a thing. Um, that's where you can go broad, right? And there's
a certain markets.

Uh, I've, I've written them down. I know them off. I don't know them off the top of
my head. Uh, but I did a breakdown, right? When you're dealing with financial stuff with, uh,
weight loss and nutrition, uh, with personal development, uh, even biz op, uh, there's a
handful where broad marketing will work.

However, uh, when you're getting into other markets,
right? If you're teaching trademarking, if you're teaching how to get a physical diet plan,
uh, for somebody, you're just not going to find that you're not going to, you're not going to be
able to go in there and just advertise broad. You need to sort of really dissect that out. Does
that make sense, John Michelle? Yeah, totally.

Okay. So we're going to go to, I'm going to share a book
campaign. Hold on one second. So Michael asked me a question about drilling down on data. And so let's look at, let's look at this.

Okay. So tell me if you can see my screen, please. Everybody see my screen. Okay. Yep.

Uh, so, so Michael asked a question. Can you show me how
to drill down? How do you drill down to see the different data? And so let me show you that. And so inside of Facebook, right?

There are breakdowns right over here. And so you can do
a breakdown based upon gender. And so I can switch on gender and now I can see, okay, what was my cost
per result for an opt? And while my males were five 26, my females were six 37, and this is my
uncategorized. And so I can look based on audience.

Where is the trend? Uh, where's the trend for male
versus female on my costs? Now you have to ask the right questions, right? If you, if you ask the wrong
question, you're going to get the wrong answer because we might go, Whoa, females are more
expensive. But the question is, we have to then do the analysis and ask ourselves, do females,
do they have a, they have a higher lead value, right?

That's important as well. Um, but you can
use these breakdowns. Uh, you can look at by age and gender. You can break down by age. Um, and again,
all these different breakdowns start to give you an idea.

Okay. So 18 to 24, uh, we get to them
least the least expensive, but I can tell you categorically our market is not 18 to 24 year
olds. Uh, very few, uh, 24 year olds, you know, spend three months and invest $2,000 in our master
class to master the arts of direct response marketing. Um, that's not who our audience is. So even though we reach them less expensive way, I could tell you there are less valuable lead
into our world.

Um, and then again, you could break these, these breakdowns, then go by country
or region. Um, and then you can even do breakdown, uh, by placement, meaning like, what is the
device? Uh, because at the ad set level, let me just clear these breakdowns. You're able to see at
the ad set level, for example, you can start to enter, uh, some of those restrictions. You can
advertise only to men.

You could add in the demographics. You can add in the geography. Uh,
you can even edit the placements and say, Hey, I, I, you know, I'm noticing I only want desktop. I only want mobile. And so you can go through and figure out all those things.

Just make sure
that you don't make a false assumption, right? Michael, we don't want to make an assumption
is go, well, cheaper is better. No ROI is what is King, right? ROI is what matters. It's what's
going to generate the most ROI for us.

Uh, that's, what's most important. And so, uh, let me know if
I answered that question for you. Okay, Michael, or if there was something else you wanted me to cover,
but that is where you can see the breakdowns inside of Facebook. And then, uh, again,
my experience and John, Michelle, if you want to, uh, I'm, I like having you, uh, be able to share
because I, again, I'm, you know, I know what I know. I know it extremely well.

I know what works. I'm extremely confident in it, but I'll always tell you, there's always more than one way,
especially on Facebook to get results. And I've heard some very smart people, um,
say some very different opinions and get good results. And so is your experience the same John
Michelle, that when you start to add too many restrictions to a lookalike audience or you too
many parameters, uh, even to a cold audience that you, you find that the KPIs, uh, tend to get pretty
bad pretty fast. Yeah.

Yeah, that's true. And I think simplification, even in the structure is
really important. Yeah, I agree. And so Michael just asked to follow up. He said, at what point
would I focus on an age group?

Um, my answer is I wouldn't unless I had an issue, right? If I noticed
that, wow, this campaign has signs of life, but I just can't get it into range with my KPIs. Then I
might say, okay, you know, I've invested a decent amount. Um, again, decent amount is all relative, but
you know, whether it's a few hundred dollars for leads or a few thousand dollars for buyers and
I have enough data, I got the bell to ring enough, right? Um, not just based on, well,
these people, I can get cheaper CPMs or cheaper clicks, but I know, right.

If I go through my data
and I see, holy cow, like people who are 35 to 40, they've bought 80% of my books, right? 80% of my
book buyers are 35 to 45 years old. Um, when I see those big things, the things that
shout, they shout and they are clearly the goal. They're not just a trend of, well, maybe
cheaper is better, but they're clearly giving, driving the KPI I want, uh, whether it's donations
in your case, uh, if it's lead acquisition, if it's sales, then I would consider that, but
not sooner. Um, it's very rare.

And again, Jean-Michel, I'll invite you, I'll allow you to
be a counterpoint here, but I find that it's very rare that you're going to take a losing
campaign and turn it into a winner by just layering on some additional demographics. What's your experience with that? Yeah, that's true. Totally. I agree.

Yeah. You might, you might optimize a little bit. You might find a little bit more of a
honeypot, but you're not going to turn a losing campaign into a winning campaign by going
only show it to women who are over 45. Unless of course your product is for like
menopausal supplements. And then of course that's the exception, you know, of course women
over 45.

Yes. Uh, then you need to advertise or to the right people. But if it's not specific
to gender or age or very specific to country, just layering on, uh, based on trends is not
something I would look at, uh, as an, as a first line defense or a first line strategy. All right. So thank you so much, everybody for being here.

Uh, thank you again, Jean-Michel
and Jeff, uh, appreciate all of you again, every single week. It's all part of A&M, right? Like, oh my God, there is so much inside of A&M. We built out traffic tools, marketing tracks,
you get access to our programs, you get a goal pass. There's the community where you can
talk with all the other bright A&M folks like Jean-Michel, uh, inside of our private
Slack community.

Um, and then every single week, every single week, you get to come on live with
either myself or Todd, ask questions, get guidance, get feedback again, just, uh, seven days from now,
uh, actually six days and 23 hours. She'd be able to hop on with Todd
and go through your conversion campaign, right? Talk about your hook, your idea, your offer,
your new opportunity, um, and really get, uh, the best guidance you can for the master himself. Um, Mr. Todd Brown.

And so hope you enjoyed it. We'll have a replay up and have a great day, everyone.
