---
title: "video1936706254"
date: 2026-02-17
duration: 33m
duration_seconds: 1996
vimeo_id: 1165723738
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# video1936706254

**Date:** 2026-02-17 | **Duration:** 33m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Yep. Alright, guys, welcome to the call tonight. And so today I have a very special training that I wanna share with you. It's actually very near and dear to my heart. This is a topic that I have not only been teaching for the past 12 years, but it is a marketing strategy that I have been using personally in my own business and, uh, and with clients for probably close to 20 years.

And, and so when I first started my journey into the world of direct response marketing, it was as a copywriter. And I have to be honest, when I first started my, my initial exposure to like the old school copywriting, news style hyperbolic headlines and claims really didn't resonate with me. Like I went under, I, like, I understood that like these were, uh, the copywriting frameworks that had been proven to work, and these were the tactics and strategies that created home run marketing campaigns. But like, I would read some of these headlines and I would be like, man, like, who talks like this? And who, who listens to this kind of stuff?

Like, um, and so for me, storytelling was a lot more intuitive, uh, for me. Now, you could argue that I'm a natural storyteller. I wouldn't say I'm a natural storyteller. I would just say like, I've been telling stories my whole life, like I grew up in New York. And, uh, you know, it's just one of the things that we do is tell stories.

And so, uh, while I wouldn't say I'm a natural storyteller, I would just say that I've been doing it for a very long time. And that's the cool thing about storytelling is that it is a learnable skill. And so what I'm gonna share with you today is what I call the Magnetic Narrative seven Figure Storytelling Framework. The reason why I call it that is because this is the framework that I've used again and again to generate millions of dollars worth of revenue in my own businesses and for my clients. And so today I'm gonna share a portion of it with you guys and gals.

I'm not going to go into the entire framework because, uh, we just wouldn't be able to do that for time purposes. But what I will say is, if, if you do find this topic interesting and valuable, like just let me know, and I'm happy to do a full on like live workshop training on this topic. So when we hear a compelling story, our brains actually release chemicals like oxytocin. And this neurochemical response is one of the reasons why the Hollywood industry generates billions of dollars every single year. They've essentially mastered the art of tapping into our brain's chemical rewards system.

So think about the last time you binged watched a series on Netflix, you likely found yourself completely absorbed in the story, identifying with the protagonist and experiencing the same emotions as the main character. This experience is storytelling at work. So imagine if you could now harness this power for your marketing, your branding, your products, or your services, by crafting your message as a story, you could potentially create the same captivating effect on your ideal clients and customers. So let's do this. Let me shift into presentation mode.

And so really at the core of effective storytelling is an emotional decision making process. So the reality is, as human beings, we would like to think that we use reason and logic and rationality to make all of our decisions, but the reality is we are emotional creatures and the majority of our decisions are driven by emotion. And then we will use logic to justify those decisions later. Now, in many cases, it's challenging to get someone to make a logical buying decision until you've emotionally hooked them first. And so that's why, just, just to digress for a second, like that's why the marketing argument in the E five method is so effective.

And what makes it work so well is because there's a blend of both logic and emotion, a combination of logic and emotion in the marketing argument because we're making claims, but we back them up with proof. So that that allows the prospect to be able to logically justify and accept that claim. And then every proof point is backed up with, uh, functional experiential and emotional benefit statements, which then project the prospect into the future reality of them experiencing the benefits that are associated with those claims. And so that taps into the emotional aspect of it. Um, I would say that storytelling leans a lot more on emotional, uh, or the emotional aspect of the decision making process.

So what's the neuroscience behind stories? So first of all, there's neuroplasticity stories affect our brain's ability to form new neural connections. There's the attention aspect. They captivate our focus by activating the brain's sensory and emotional centers. There's the emotional impact, which I mentioned narratives trigger the release of oxytocin, a hormone that promotes empathy and connection, and then behavioral change.

So stories can change beliefs, behaviors, and motivate listeners to take desired actions. Well-crafted stories do more than just entertain. They foster trust, shape, beliefs, and motivate audiences to take action. Stories are an excellent tool for creating that emotional connection that drives purchasing decisions. You know, I tell people all the time, now, I'm not a historian, but I would argue that storytelling is the oldest form of communication, right?

So if we think about this, right? Like a caveman walks through a forest, did caveman walk through a forest? What, whatever, whatever they walk through and he stumbles upon a spiderweb. He observes the spider catching its prey in a web. And this observation sparks an idea, Hey, if a spider can set up a trap, why can't I?

Right? Like he's running around trying to catch his prey with a spear, and he's like, man, what if I just set up a trap? So he creates a simple trap using a stick, a stone and bait. And when a rabbit approaches the bait, the stone falls killing the rabbit. The caveman has discovered a new more efficient way of hunting.

He returns to his tribe and shares this story, how he saw the spider, how the idea came to him, how he created the trap, and how he's found an easier way to catch prey. So this illustrates why stories are hardwired into our brains, is because we've been hearing and telling them since the dawn of humanity. And so at the core, storytelling is the art of using words and narratives to convey ideas, emotions, and experiences. It's a powerful communication tool that's been used for centuries to engage audiences, share knowledge, and inspire action. Now, there are three what I call bulletproof components to storytelling.

First is the plot. This is a clear narrative arc with a beginning, middle, and an end that grips the audience. This is the classic storytelling structure that human minds are trained to understand and respond to. So you don't wanna deviate too much from this plot structure because again, it is the, it's the structure that human minds are trained to understand and respond to. Every good story should have a hero.

It should have a relatable protagonist who faces a challenge and undergoes some sort of transformation. Now, the key is to make this hero relatable to your ideal clients, customers, and prospects. Now, I've heard other storytelling experts say that the hero of the story has to be the ideal client, customer, or prospect. And within that, there's almost this claim that you as the business owner, can never be the hero. And I just flat out disagree with that.

Now, while it is true that the key is to make the hero relatable to the ideal client, customer, and prospect, and while the hero could be the ideal client, customer, and prospect, I do not believe that it is absolutely necessary for it to be the client, customer, or the prospect. If you have gone through some sort of an experience in your life and you are able to leverage a story in order to be able to share that experience and convert prospects into paying customers using that story, and you are the hero of the story, then so be it. You should absolutely tell that story. Now again, the key is to make the hero relatable to your ideal clients, customers, and prospects. And then the next aspect is conflict.

A compelling problem or an obstacle that the hero must overcome creating drama and tension that keeps the audience engaged. Now listen, lots of storytelling methodologies introduce additional elements like villains, trusted guides, multiple characters and things of that nature. And like, what I want you to understand is that, in my opinion, those things often overcomplicate the narrative. You see, the more things you add to a story, uh, even in terms of like conflict, right? So let's say aside from adding villains, trusted guides, multiple characters, twists and turns, right?

Let's just say we stuck with what we have here, a plot hero in conflict. And let's just say we added additional conflict. So every element of conflict that you add, generally speaking, makes the story that much more interesting. So if I say, a guy is running from another guy who's chasing him with a gun, right? And then I say he gets shot in the leg and he falls down, and the guy who's chasing him is getting closer, and as he's crawling, he then falls down a sewer, and now he's trapped in the sewer.

Well, I've just went from one level of conflict getting chased to three levels of conflict. So level two is the guy gets shot, and the third is that he's now trapped in a sewer. Just, just for all intents and purposes, just to suspend your disbelief about how he would fall into the sewer. But I'm just saying that I'm illustrating the point that every time you add an element of conflict to the, uh, to the story, it potentially does make the story stronger and more engaging because the, the listener now is even more interested, like, okay, how does he get away from the guy, guy with the gun? How does he survive the bullet wound?

How does he get out of the sewer? Right? But the trade off is that every time you add a level of anything into a story, you run the risk of confusing the audience, making it more complicated. You also need more time to be able to, uh, introduce these things and resolve them, right? Because you, you, you don't want to have conflict that remains unresolved in the story.

That is a no-no. So now you need the time and the bandwidth to to, to resolve all this conflict and these additional elements that you have introduced into the story. Well, the beauty of this three part approach is that it just lies in simplicity and effectiveness. So remember, the primary purpose is to teach you how to sell more products and service and build your brand using storytelling. And that really, you know, leads me to this next point, which is the difference between Hollywood stories and business stories.

So Hollywood stories are designed to entertain the audience, and these types of stories can be consumed in parts over time, so they can be lengthy and elaborate. Business stories on the other hand, are designed to convert a prospect into a customer. So here we need to capture and retain the attention throughout. And this often needs to convey ideas, uh, quickly and efficiently. So in the business context, the success of your story largely depends on your ability to capture and retain the audience's attention throughout the entire narrative.

Because if you fail to do so, they will likely disengage and not return. We need to capture attention, retain it, get to the point and convey our idea in a limited amount of time. Whereas right, if you're binge watching something on Netflix and the phone rings, you can, you can pause it, get up, have your conversation, come back, you can watch three episodes today, skip a few days, come back, watch three episodes and three days from now. In other words, the the success of a Hollywood story does not depend on the listener's, uh, ability to be isolated for a set amount of time, whereas a business story does, especially in today's day and age, when we are competing for our prospect's attention like we never have before. So again, keep your stories simple.

I'm a strong advocate for starting with simplicity and then expanding. And I apply this principle not only to storytelling, but also how I create courses and training. The reality is the human mind can only process about seven bits of information at any given time. So I always start with core topics and then expand, breaking them down and adding sophistication as I go. The benefits of this are number one, you get clarity of purpose.

It keeps you focused on the end result, the theme of the story and the main idea you want to convey when it comes to achieving a task. Simplicity always triumphs and it avoids overwhelm because if you start with something clear and simple, it prevents analysis paralysis. I can't tell you how many clients I've worked with in the past that were perpetually working on their info product or their course or their training or whatever it may be, trying to perfect it. And they're creating a hundred slides and mapping out the, the entire framework. And the reality is, is that that can seem daunting and overwhelming, but when you start with something simple and expand, it becomes a lot more manageable.

Now, you can enhance a story, like you can elevate a basic story without adding unnecessary complexity, uh, through sensory details. So visually, right? You can paint pictures with descriptive language, uh, auditory, you can incorporate sounds, rhythms and dialogue. Olfactory, you can leverage sense and aromas and, um, tactile, you can use touch based language. So here is the magnetic narrative framework.

This is essentially my core framework for using storytelling in the direct response marketing world. So first is the present reality. This depicts the current state challenges and pain points that the protagonist faces. It sets the stage for the story, and it helps the audience understand the need for change. Next is the pivotal shift.

So this is where you introduce the key moment or decision that propels the protagonist toward a solution. It's the turning point that sparks the transformation. And then last is the transformed future. So this is where we depict the positive outcome and the benefits that the audience can achieve. This inspires hope and motivates the audience to take action.

Realize people buy things for one of two reasons. Number one, they wanna solve a problem or fulfill a desire. So they're either trying to solve a problem like they're dealing with debilitating back pain or crippling anxiety, or they want to fulfill a desire like they wanna play the guitar, they wanna speak a different language, they wanna improve their golf swing. So in that transformed future, the problem is gone or the desire is fulfilled. Your job, uh, I should say the job of your story is to take them on a journey, connecting the dots between the present reality and the transformed future.

Now, where I differentiate from where other, uh, or from other storytelling frameworks is that within the pivotal shift, there are two key marketing concepts that take place the big idea and the unique mechanism. So within that pivotal shift is where I introduced the big idea, uh, which is essentially a way of reframing the, uh, the way that the prospect thinks about the problem, and then as a result, the way that they think about possible solutions and the unique mechanism, the unique parts system, framework, component algorithm that ultimately solves the problem that your promising to solve in a new, different and superior way. So the unique mechanism is the distinctive right framework algorithm formula. Um, a process system that underlies a product or service to deliver specific results in a way that differ from competitors. It's the secret sauce that makes the product or service special and effective in today's competitive marketplace, having a unique mechanism in your product or service is not just beneficial, it's essential.

This distinctive element is the core of what makes your product service offer special, enabling it to deliver results in a way that sets it apart from the, from the competition. This matters because number one, it differentiates you. It enables you to, uh, provide a proprietary solution where all roads lead back to you. It provides hope for prospects because I always tell people that hope in my opinion, is directly related to differentiation. Meaning the way that you really architect hope, um, well, I should say one of the prerequisites for hope is something different, right?

Because otherwise I would argue that the prospect would have no reason to be hopeful, right? There has to be something different this time around in order for hope to be present in order for them to be hopeful. Next is it showcases expertise and innovation, and it builds trust and credibility. So central to your marketing efforts should be the cultivation of one big belief among your prospects. In the E five world, we call this the marketing thesis, which is the one big belief that we need your prospects to have, which is that you have the best solution.

And so here is the eight part story structure that lives within the magnetic narrative framework. So first is the introduction. This is where we set the scene, provide the context and describe the setting characters and initial situation. You could keep this concise but vivid. Next is a trigger event.

So this is where we introduced the main challenge, problem or conflict faced by the protagonist. Next is rising action. This is where we build tension and explore the premise. We explain steps taken to address the challenge, including, uh, obstacles or complications. Then there's a turning point.

This is the most intense moment when the conflict reaches its peak, you introduce a central twist that changes the story's direction. Next is falling action, where we resolve the conflict and show how the situation started to improve after the climax. Next is the resolution where we wrap up the story by explaining the outcome and the lessons learned. We highlight the resolution and its impact. Next is the idea, which is this, the, the, the, the, the, the takeaway, the key takeaway or the central idea that you want the audience to have.

And then there is the conclusion where we reinforce the main message and call the audience to action. So again, this eight part structure lives within the three part magnetic narrative framework. Think of it as a three story house with eight rooms distributed across the floors. And this really just provides a more granular approach to storytelling, helping you, uh, paint a detailed picture of each main part. So essentially what we are doing here within the pivotal, uh, twist, right?

Which is where, um, all of these things kind of happen here. Uh, the rising action, the turning point, and the falling action takes place in the second part of the magnetic narrative. Well, this is essentially where we want to introduce the big idea, or we wanna recalibrate the problem solution paradigm and then introduce the unique mechanism. So there are lots of different ways that we can, uh, we can reframe the problem solution paradigm here. I'm gonna give you 10 simple frameworks, uh, that will help kickstart your thinking about how to recalibrate this paradigm.

Um, and really the goal is to present an extraordinary idea that's unique, intriguing, and captivating. So the first one is called the Old Way versus the New Way. This is where you juxtapose conventional methods with innovative approaches emphasizing the advantages of the new solution. Number two is the real core issue. This is where you uncover the true often overlooked cause of a problem, redirecting attention from surface level symptoms to the fundamental issue.

Next is the metaphor where you employ a relatable concept to elucidate a novel or complex idea, enhancing comprehension and relatability. Next is the force of nature where we introduce an irresistible external force that drives external change, often revealing a surprising connection or opportunity. Next is the recent discovery where we present a new finding or a breakthrough that challenges established knowledge or provides an innovative solution. Number six are myths where we identify and dispel widely held but inaccurate beliefs, replacing them with factual information. Number seven are lies where we expose deliberate misinformation or deception, providing the truth to counter falsehoods.

Eight are false beliefs where we tackle erroneous ideas that significantly impact decision-making, offering accurate information to guide better choices. Number nine are the incomplete solutions where we recognize partial truths and existing solutions while revealing critical missing elements that complete the picture. And then number 10 is the new unrelated cause where we introduce an unexpected factor that appears disconnected from the main problem, but actually contains the solution. So the key here is to first identify based on your product, your service, your offer, uh, and more importantly, the way that you help prospects experience transformation. And based on the promise that you make to them, you wanna start thinking about which one of these actually makes the most sense and, uh, seems like it's the most, um, appropriate for your business.

And then you wanna start matching that up with when you think about your story and the discovery of your mechanism, which one of these seems the most appropriate for that context? So, you know, for example, if you discovered a new way to fry food using air, and your unique mechanism is the air fryer, well, the metaphor would work really well for that, right? Because if you think about it, an air fryer really is just a mini convection oven that uses air circulation to heat food very fast. Somebody just decided to call it an air fryer and use a, uh, and use a metaphor in that context if maybe the, um, the way that you help people is, is by attacking, maybe you help prospects overcome anxiety and maybe your unique mechanism addresses anxiety that's living in a place within their body that they're not aware of. So maybe their anxiety is actually coming from gut inflammation.

And so either one of these would work well in that context, right? The old way is by addressing, uh, to, to address anxiety or to, to reduce anxiety, would be to address it in the brain using brain focused approaches like SSRIs or meditation. But maybe the new way has to do with attacking it in the gut. And you could also argue that you could use this framework. The real core issue is that you're attacking your anxiety at the wrong place.

The real place, the real source of it is coming from your gut inflammation, right? And so the key is to start thinking about which one of these would be the most appropriate. There are four essential keys to crafting your story. Number one is you gotta get clear on the theme. The story should have a clear central theme that guides the narrative, and that theme should be tied to an idea.

When it comes to telling a business story in your marketing, you have to get clear on the objective, which is to convey an idea you're ultimately want, you want your prospects to essentially accept an idea that you are conveying. Once you get your prospects to buy into that idea, the rest of your marketing becomes much easier. The challenge, as I see it, is like most business owners don't know what that idea is. They're not clear on that one central idea or they're trying to convey too many different ideas and therefore they dilute the message. Number two is, again, make the hero relatable.

Your pro, the, the, the hero can be you. It doesn't have to be you, but whoever the hero is, the prospect needs to be able to identify with them. They should feel like they are the hero. The story should match the prospect's reality. When painting the picture of the hero's current reality, it should match the prospect's current reality, right?

Relevance is the most important thing. Next is to recalibrate their thinking. So during that pivotal shift, we need to recalibrate the current thoughts about their situation as it relates to the problem. We want to recalibrate the way they're thinking about the problem and, and then how they can think about possible solutions. Ultimately, we want to cultivate curiosity.

What we want is to create this thought in their mind that there is a way of solving that problem or fulfilling that desire that they never would've thought was possible. Next is to project a transform future. During the transform future phase, the audience should be projected into their new reality. As a result of the new solution, they should feel that this solution could be the most effective way to solve their problem or fulfill their desire. And so if you adhere to these four keys, you'll craft a story that not only engages your audience, but also effectively conveys your business message and drives your marketing goals.

So one of the biggest, uh, challenges that I've gotten from customers and clients in the past is that they don't know where to come up with stories. So when I'm looking to generate stories, uh, story ideas from my business storytelling, I always start by asking myself some key questions. And these are the questions that have consistently led me to uncover my most powerful narratives. Number one is, what's the hardest thing I've ever done in my life? Number two, what have I achieved that I never thought would be possible?

Number three, when was I nervous or scared, but pers uh, persevered? Anyway, uh, number four, what challenge did I overcome regardless of the odds? What battles have I won? Gather ideas from various sources to build a diverse library of potential stories, origin stories of your brand or product success, stories of ideal customers or clients and indirect success stories using your methodology. These three types, uh, of stories account for about 80% of good business stories.

Remember, don't always start with the most dramatic or interesting story. Instead, select a story that illustrates the point you wanna make. Choose the story that aligns with the key theme because we can sh we, we can always polish it, expand it, and make it more dramatic. But what we can't do is make it a relevant story relevant to your objective. And so this is really a key point.

Like I've got tons of stories that I could tell that are very traumatic and interesting, but the reality is those are stories that I would tell in social contexts to entertain people. So they would almost fall into the category of like a Hollywood story. A business story needs to be told based on the point that you wanna make based on the idea that you want to convey. So you never wanna start with what's the most dramatic or interesting story I could tell in that context. What you wanna start with is what's a story that I could tell that is highly relevant to the objective, to the task at hand in this case?

And then you can polish the story later to make it more interesting. So hope you guys enjoyed this. Hope you got value from this. If you did, let me know. And if you want me to go deeper on this topic, like I said, we could do a full on immersion masterclass workshop type of thing with this, where I'll go really deep on this, uh, topic.

That's it for today, guys. I'll see you guys next week. God bless you and take care.
