---
title: "video1387547911"
date: 2025-10-17
duration: 1h 48m
duration_seconds: 6507
vimeo_id: 1128280780
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# video1387547911

**Date:** 2025-10-17 | **Duration:** 1h 48m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

April. Hey Natalia, how are you? I am good, thank you very much. And you? I'm good.

I haven't seen you in a while. I know, I know. And I missed you so much, guys. Like, really? And I, but I was so exhausted because I have calls like after midnight and I had like two weeks that really, I had to work hard, but I'm back.

You have calls as late as midnight? Yeah, it's half past midnight here. But I'm saying you have calls, like you have calls that you do at that? No, it just, uh, it just with you. Oh, okay.

I gotcha. Okay. And yeah, so, and I was like, by this time I was so exhausted and I thought, okay, I have like a couple of hours to sleep. Should I jump on the call? Should I sleep?

And I thought, okay. I think the, the best solution for me would be to sleep. Yeah. Sleep is good. I mean, sometimes, uh, sometimes it needs to be done.

You gotta listen to your body for sure. Yeah. Yeah. I hear ya. Ham and I were just on a call, so Hello again.

Ham. Good to see you again. Hey Paul. Hey Natalia. Hey James.

Hey Ham. Hey James. Hey Paul. Is this offer to jump on the call with you after this, uh, workshop about the offers? Is is it still valid?

Yes. Yes it is. Oh, that's beautiful. Yeah. Thank you.

Certainly. Do you need a link for it? Uh, Or do you have it somewhere? I think I have it some. I, I keep everything, um, as my bookmark, so I have it.

But if you have it somewhere like Yeah. Handy. Let see if I, uh, Hand. So, yeah, but I think I said Have it here. Uh, uh, I think, yeah, I got it here.

Uh, let me just pause And I also found it. Yeah. I have offer workshop with Ted and I have your calendar. Yeah. Perfect, perfect.

Okay, perfect. What's going on James? How you been man? Uh, it's going good, Paul. Good to see you again.

Good, good to see you my friend. It's been a minute. It has, it has, yeah. Made a lot of progress on that since we, uh, we talked last. So I, I went back, back over our recordings multiple times by the way, which is great.

Um, saw a couple things where you were, uh, I was, uh, banging my head against the wall, but I didn't know why and you kept trying to tell me and I was like, oh, now I get it. Ah, Cool man. So, um, alright, so let's jump in. Italia, you jumped on here first. Do you have anything for me to look at tonight?

Uh, Not really, but I have a couple of questions. Uh, oh, first thing you remember the page, we, uh, we reviewed about like heal your hidden wounds. Yes. Okay. So we decided to do heal your masculine and feminine energies.

And, uh, we hit like 500 tickets, almost 500 tickets in 10 days with Ross. Almost 200%. That's good. And it was Crazy. It was like, oh, that's cool.

So we still have like 23 days to, to sell tickets. So our goal to hit like 3000 tickets and it was like, oh, that's perfect. So our cost per per purchase is right now, like 52 bucks instead of like 152 that we had last time. And I sort like, oh, okay. So that's cool.

But my question is, um, How much are your, how much are the tickets? A hundred bucks. Um, we have main ticket 97 right now. So the early, it was early bird pricing, uh, the time for early bird pricing. So we got the main ticket 67 plus VVAP upsell 157.

167. Got it. Okay. So your average order value is around a hundred. 'cause you said you're doing two X roas, right?

Yeah, Yeah. And it was like, oh, that's cool. And we got, uh, yeah, so this is only from paid traffic, but we also got, uh, social media and emails and it worked like perfectly well. It was just, oh, okay. That's cool.

We are, we are happy. So we aimed for two, 2000 and now we aim for 3000 tickets. Cool. And is that like your, is that like your department, is that like you have complete accountability over that? Yeah.

Wow. That's good. That's good for you. I love that. Yeah.

Yeah. So let's, let's see. Because right now, because, well, I work for the marketing agency and they moved me from all of the clients to this client only because he's big. He has like 6 million followers across the platforms. So right now I'm going deep into his, like offers and content and everything.

And, um, yeah. And that's what he, what's his name Again? Tell me his name again. It's Danny Morell. Yeah, Right.

Okay. Danny. I, I've seen him on YouTube before. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.

That's, it's his goal to hit 50 million in revenue in, in two years. Cool. How far off is he? Uh, right now it's around 10. 10 Okay.

To do like five x. So. Cool. That's exciting. That's Exciting.

Yeah, it's so exciting. Like, really. And yeah, and he does like live events and now we have like virtual events and like, so yeah, I will keep you posted on that. So my question is Paul, uh, about the email strategy. So we want to launch the funnel like lead free lead mac funnel.

So it'll be like free lead with funnel. Uh, and we will do upsell to this event for 97, and then they will build another upsell for 1 97. And, uh, the free lead magnet is five day, uh, inner Balance journal. And so it means like they will need to do something during five days. So what would be the best email strategy before we start selling or pushing for the event for purchases?

Should we do like five sales emails or we should do five content emails and then sales emails? Yeah, so if it's the way you're describing it, it's like a challenge model, right? Yeah. Some kind of, but it'll be kind of through emails. Yeah, through emails.

So the, what you wanna do is really the, the emails prior to the emails while they're in the challenge phase really should be about them completing the challenge and or whatever it is getting that end result. Because the, the, the more, uh, the more, uh, the, the better they are at getting that initial result and that win, the more likely they're gonna be to convert to the higher, um, to the higher level thing. So I would focus just more on, um, engaging them and getting them over those milestones throughout that process. Um, and then do you have a way of tracking who completed and who didn't complete? No.

Yeah. Um, yeah. Okay. So if it's not, if you're not at that point, then you, I would just focus on completion, completion, completion. And then from there, um, moving on to sales, I wouldn't start with sales right away.

Okay. We don't even need to add like PS join the event. Sure. Yeah, you could do that. I'm just saying I do make, yeah, I just wouldn't make the, the primary focus of those emails about, um, you know, about joining the event.

I would just make it about each day, them finishing what they need to do and then Yeah, sure. A PS is fine. And then Yeah, that's fine. That's the way I would do it. Keep it simple.

So We would do like five content, let's say content emails, and then we can keep sending like maybe in a day, like during the event. 'cause we still have like, have like 23 days. Yeah. So how is it, is it, are you, is it like done in, are, are you collecting leads up right up until the very end? Uh, like what, when the event starts, or like, how does that work?

That's a very good question. So yeah, we would love to test and drive traffic to this funnel as well. So, so far we, we want to go with organic traffic with emails and social media and we try to, but yeah, we will test to drive traffic and see how it performs. Yes. Because we also, we also want to add, so this is like free lead magnet, and now like from zero, we jump to 97, but we also have a workshop for 39.

So we want to put it between, uh, free lead magnet and, uh, like he heel event, like we ticket, event and test. But yeah, so far we have like, we, we need to prepare this page. So we will, we are working on this product, like low ticket product, so we just test lead magnets and 97 product. Yeah. So do you have incentives, like early bird pricing and stuff like that?

It's over. It's over. It's over, yeah. Alright. Just because, you know, if you have somebody that's coming into the challenge today, let's say, and they finish the challenge in five days, but your event doesn't start until just hypothetically November 15th, that person is gonna be way less motivated than the person who comes into the challenge on November 10th.

And the event starts right after that. So you want to get those people that are going through the challenge now. You wanna try to get them sold as fast as possible, get them enrolled, and you want to keep them engaged, give them some sort of, um, you know, I would be giving them some sort of pre-work, I don't know if I would call it pre-work, but something to engage them leading up to that event that also makes them feel like that they're getting something valuable now, other than preferred pricing. Yeah. Yeah.

That, but that's like the journal itself, it's kind of like assessment in general and some, like, some insights. So they, they will get like, take takeaways from these journal. Okay. And then if they want to go deeper into the topic, they like they can join the event. Got it.

Okay. So, but do you have, what I'm asking is, so you said the early bird pricing is done. Yeah. Do you have like an next tier of pricing? No, we had just early bird and then early bird.

It early bird was 67. Yeah. And, uh, full price 97. Okay. And when's the event?

Uh, November. November. Yeah. November 8th. November 8th.

Uh, okay, so you're getting closer, but you see what I mean, right? Yeah. So if this thing, yeah. How long is it? Five days?

Five days? Yeah. Just five days. Yep. Yeah.

So you see if I enroll in that today, right. And then I'm done on the 21st, but that event isn't starting until three weeks from now. Right. I I I would want some sort of an incentive to enroll in that event now. Right.

And you want them to enroll now too, because right now their emotions are very high. If they're in the challenge now, something prompted them to go in. So you want to capture that and, and capitalize on that. So I would have different tiers of pricing, um, or bonuses or something to incentivize people to be enrolling as soon as possible. But Yeah.

Um, so let's, uh, for example, we can keep the early bird pricing for people who download these journal, but then at the same time we drive traffic with 90 like normal price. It won't, it won't be confusion between these different pricing. Uh, well, you could give people that. See, I would you, you you have automated email set up. Yeah, not yet, but I mean, yeah, they'll, yeah.

So if you're doing everything in real time, yes, then it becomes a little messy. But if everything was kind of automated to where, you know, every new person that comes in, they have a three day or a five day window to enroll at a specific price, um, within the, within the time that, that they enroll into the challenge, it would solve that problem for them. Mm. Yeah. It makes sense.

Okay. Yeah, I will think how we can, how we can implement that or we can start doing this journal, not like tomorrow, maybe on Monday, like later. Cool. Yeah. Thank you.

You question. Thank you, Paul. That was it. Yeah. Yeah, I think that was it.

Maybe I will think about something. No, no, I think that was my question. 'cause I have to work on the emails. Okay. So Mohamed, I know Mohamed and I just got off a call and Mohamad had, um, he actually had some questions that probably would've been best suited for Zach, but, um, but maybe, but maybe not so.

'cause I, I advised him that I think, you know, part of the value for you guys being in this group is not just to talk to me and Todd, but to talk to one another. Um, and so Muhammad has some, just some things, some things that he's been thinking about, some thoughts, and I thought it would be valuable for him to share his thoughts with the group and kind of get some feedback from you guys. You cool with that Muhammad? Yeah. Yeah.

So go ahead man. Let it, let it, I Was thinking guys, it do have someone experience in that, uh, home improvement specific in the kitchen contractor area? I don't think so. Maybe. No.

You can ask the question. I, I mean I've, I've dealt with every home service business under, under the sun, but it depends on how, yeah. Basically the home contractors, um, the kitchen contractors, they get leads, but they're wasting their time right now. So basically they get a bunch of leads and they are in a position as a sales person and they don't wanna do that. Analyst may be thinking or listening if someone has an experience how to do their marketing That, I mean, that's, so we, we have a, we have an appointment setting team.

We have a sales team where we actually are closing deals on behalf of our clients as well. Okay. So I could talk to that all day long. Um, but what, what's the, the problem is that they're not calling the leads. Uh, they get appointments.

So basically they get in free consultation, the leads, uh, will come and they will, um, they will, uh, they will sign a kitchen for them. It takes maybe two or two to three hours and the lead's wasting their time. So they get an, um, kitchen on paper and they will go through different contractors. And after that, who, who has the best price, they will go through that. And that's a, a problem right now in this, in this specific niche.

And they want to change that. So they get leads. They said that already because I did my research. They get all, uh, leads. But the solution that is available right now, they don't like it anymore.

That's a problem right now. It's not about, um, I think what I see are told that, uh, to Paul as well. Um, there's a lot, a lot, a lot of, uh, the site of the homeowners. There's not enough trust right now. That's a thing.

Mm-hmm. So let, let me just share, let me share something real quick, James, just to give you like a little bit more context. So Yeah, that might help guys. I just don't quite understand. Yeah.

So, so, um, here's what Mohammad was, was initially thinking, right? Was that there's this problem that home contractors have where they're just basically getting tire kickers for leads and they're wasting all this time with them and so on and so forth. And so he was kicking around this idea of doing, like, of doing education based marketing campaigns for contractors where they're educating their prospects and kind of pre-framing them and warming them up and positioning them more as like a trusted advisor rather than like a a pushy contractor sales person. So that by the time they come in for a consultation, they're already kind of pre-sold on their expertise and there's some rapport built there and stuff like that. And so me, I, I don't know anything about this market.

Um, but so what I said was, just as an outsider looking in, I said the way that I go about hiring a contractor to remodel my kitchen, and I think the way most people do in America, he's in Belgium, is like, okay, I know I want my kitchen remodeled. The first thing is I wanna figure out like, what am I looking for? So I might have some ideas in my head. I might watch HGTV, I might look on some websites. Of course my wife is gonna have the final say in like, what the kitchen's, what it's gonna be, right?

Is it gonna be like a farmhouse look? Is it gonna be like a rustic look, a modern thing, blah, blah, blah. Then it comes down to, okay, I'm gonna start looking for a contract, or I'm gonna look online, I'm gonna go on social media. I'm gonna ask anybody if they've got recommendations. I'll narrow it down to let's say three contractors.

Then I'm gonna go on their website. I'm gonna look to see if I like their work. 'cause that's like the first thing. If I don't like their work, I'm not gonna talk to them. Let's say I like all three of their, their work right now I'm gonna look at their reviews.

I wanna see are people satisfied with them. Now if let's say all of those boxes are ticked and let's say all three of them are equal in all those categories, then it really comes down to speed and cost. Like, how much is it gonna cost and how, how long is it gonna take you to do to complete this job? So where I was unsure of was like, where exactly does the education come in? Is it more like they give like tips on like decoration or possibilities of what you could do with a kitchen or something like that?

Uh, like kind of like thought provoking stuff, like that type of stuff, which then kind of naturally leads into, you know, what they really want to sell them. Um, or is it more, and then I'll wrap this up 'cause I know I'm going on, but, or was it more, should he focus on creating more of like a touchpoint system for his contractors that other contractors are not using that ultimately that pre-frames them, um, and pre-qualifies them a lot more. Like for instance, like, you know, Zach who's in the group and a couple of other people that we've worked with, they do little things like the minute you, the minute you, uh, schedule an appointment, you get a welcome video right from the, from the contractor welcoming you, talking to you, blah, blah, blah. Like that kind of stuff. So I guess the big question is like, is there more of an opportunity to do this education based stuff and what would that look like?

Or is it more just about more touch points throughout the process? Yeah. Uh, so the, the last, uh, the last company that we did this for was like a year ago, and they were running into this problem too. So, and then before that we worked with a, um, a, not a designer, but a whatever they call it where they come in and they, they redo the furniture and all that stuff and they're like, let's decorator a free model. Yeah, like a decorator, but it's a higher, I don't know what the word is, but yeah.

Okay. Anyway, um, yeah, so the question was do we front load the education or do we back load the, the education? And we ended up doing back loading of education because it's a, it's a longer sales cycle in reality from, Hey, I'd love for my kitchen to look better to, okay, we're signing on the dotted line and, and if you can get the lead in and start nurturing them, that's the bigger value. If you could be the first one in the door, like, uh, speed the lead. This is just what we ended up doing by the way.

Just, you know, whatever. But yeah, we put the education on the back end. The front end was, um, uh, let's see, what was it? Is, is it bath remodel? A bath and kitchen remodel or what, what was it again?

Yeah, uh, bath. It's the same basically, but bathroom and kitchen. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Yeah. That's, that seems to be the, the same general category everybody goes after. So yeah, we, we, we went after a lead volume on the front end and the, we, we treated the levels of awareness pretty high because like Paul said, they do research pretty quickly. And if you can be the one that's, um, differentiating yourself, for example, um, just like a small education piece on, you know, uh, what was it, uh, on the different styles available to them. And just having, like, we, we actually tested a survey, I don't know if we got to completion of, of it where we had like, Hey, here's four different general styles you can pick, is one that you like, like is one that stands out to you.

So it kind of helps 'em feel like they're going through a journey of like building their own, you know, remodel. Um, so that created a lot more engagement and then it showed like, hey, there's a process here, but it was really the backend, uh, that, that made all the difference, like the, the front end stuff. My, my buddy does lead gen for, for this exact industry and he just sells leads off the, like it's easy to get the leads, um, but you need to get it that way so you can hit 'em hard on the backend. Okay. That's just how we approached it.

Yeah. Okay. Basically the backend is most important That, that's what we found. Like if you can, I mean, the sooner you can get into, I'm assuming their consults are, they do everything in house, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

So as soon as you get into the house, um, like the, the texting sequences were so, so important. Hey, just saw you requesting that, you know, this kind of thing you're looking for. Um, I have like, literally have them take a picture of either a palette of colors or a palette of like options and that'll be part of your templated text message, Hey, I've got these four colors. Do you have a preference? Just so I can start pulling together some information for what might be good for you.

Like, do something like that and, and literally just automate it. That's great for engagement. 'cause it pulls them into the, the journey of like, that's kind of future pacing for them. Right? Okay.

Yeah. You see that though with see Hamed, what he's talking about is more touch points. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. There's definitely some education going on, but it's different than like the education that in the context of the way that we think about it typically.

Yeah. Yeah. I think It's more touch points. Yeah. It's front end versus back end really.

Like, like the front end, like unique mechanism. Like if you're educating them so much up front before they become a lead, you lose a lot of opportunities because in reality, these guys need time to think, they need trust, be built. Like all those things you talked about, Mohammed, um, you're gonna lose a lot more people, uh, because some of 'em are just not gonna be, you're gonna have to capture the majority of the market. You know, like they say that the top 46% that are either considering or actively looking, you gotta hit that market, um, and then move them into that top 3% market. Yeah.

Like that's really, and and the best way to do that is the touch points and then them hitting 'em up immediately. Okay. So basically on fronted a lead magnet, so you give them a PDF or whatever. Then in the backend, um, you can do the little, little details. So it depends.

I I don't even know if you do a lead magnet. Like, uh, if you can, there's, there's multiple ways that we've done it. So one is just a, uh, a fancy survey where it's literally a checkbox. Yeah. Um, next to what, what style do you like?

Let, let put my, my buddy's website. So I'll show you the example. Um, I think this will be really helpful for you. Um, I'm sorry guys. No, this is great, James.

It's quite interesting James Showing up dropping bombs, man. I love it, Mohamed. I can add that. Well, as a person who lives in France and you work, you will be working like with French speaking audience. That's true.

Yeah. They all love like talking. So whatever you do, lead magnet, not lead magnet. There should be kind of follow up videos, uh, or voice messages or what, like, and, and give them like choices because they, they are not decisive like people. Now if you have, okay, you have this and this and that, what you choose, it's like, okay, you choose this and that and that.

So it's, yeah. It's, it's, it's about the touch points. Okay. Okay. And then you will get a bottle of chardonnay when we signed the contract, you know, something like with cheese from ZA or something, something, they, they love all this stuff.

So the more attention and just, yeah, they will love you forever or love you or contractors forever. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. So, um, so I, I love this industry because it is the most demonstrable industry.

Uh, it's kinda like, like realtors, like they can show, they can physically show the thing that they're looking for. So, I mean, this is probably obvious, but obviously you want, uh, uh, is it loading? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I can see it.

I can see It. You want the before afters, right? Like, that's gonna be, that, that's the attractant. It's like these, um, the decorator, whatever, the next, by the way, if we call these people decorators, this other version, they like get offended. So I don't know what the, the term is, but whatever, they're not here.

Um, so, so yeah, obviously that's the front end, uh, for the ad. Here's the, um, website. Here's the page. So lemme show you, um, actually, can I just share my screen? Is that okay?

Yeah, sure. Okay. And you'll, you'll be able to see the, uh, uh, the domain and all that stuff. So he actually got this, uh, so it's home pro genius, and basically if you go into like a walk-in shower, you'll see, come on. Like, okay, what are you looking for?

Right? See, it's nice visual. Like, uh, basically he, he framed this as a like, build your remodel, right? And the idea is this, there's no better visualization than to do it this way, this way. Uh, no, hold on.

Um, maybe let's do, maybe it's this one. Uh, he must have changed it. Anyway, he had a, um, uh, there was more questions to it and it was basically like, um, you know, what, what kind of style do you like? And you just give a couple, I mean, your clients probably can give you like four categories, general categories that apply to most people. Like, do you want modern, do you want, you know, western?

Do you want, you know, whatever it is. Yeah. Um, and to just visualize it that way, by the time they get to the, the end, it's like, okay, great. Um, you know, like we're, we're pulling together, um, the rough idea to give you an idea of what that could potentially look like. Then you send the text message and it just pushes in that direction.

But you just gotta know that this is a, a big deal for them. 'cause this, this means like maybe weeks or months of like, their house being destroyed and, you know, they gotta trust the people doing it. So if you can start the conversation in that way of like, just helping them build their dream remodel, like, and like, it is just, it's a longer sales cycle. We'll put it that way. Okay.

Okay. Got it. Yeah. Thank you for that insight. Sure.

Yeah. Hopefully it helps. Yeah. But thank You to, was there, yeah, I, I was thinking about it because I was thinking maybe Zach was here, but now, uh, Paul threw that out, so I get that information also from that group. Cool.

Good stuff. And so James, what do you got cooking, man, I Got a whole bunch of questions for you, man. Oh, All right. Are you ready for me? Yeah.

Okay. Um, hold on, lemme pull it up. Uh, okay. So I'm gonna show you the, the page. So last time we talked, we ended on the, the document basically with the, uh, the E five.

So let me show you. Can, can you see my screen? Uh, yes. Now we can. Yep.

Okay. So this is the CFO offer. Um, and basically I, I build things out here. This page is running, I'm working on a, a second version. Um, but I have a couple questions for you.

I shouldn't have done that. Sorry. One second. Lemme just make sure that that actually updated. Yes, it did.

Okay, cool. Um, so here's my question. Uh, I have a whole list here. Number one, the unique mechanism is called the financial flow sequence. Mm-hmm.

Um, it contains three steps. First step is to find cash leaks, basically. Step two is we build out a dashboard for them to have KPIs to, to, for ongoing, like, uh, improvement. And step three is we help build out a protocol for them to build a process for their team to take over. Yep.

So those are three steps. I was going to include all three steps on this page, but I realized there's so much more that needs to be said, um, just to even get that. So I decided to just show step one, my first question. Um, the, the lead here, here basically opens the gap that their current CPA is not giving them what they need, and it's the reason why they're feeling the pain of, of negative cash flow. Mm-hmm.

So the epiphany is, uh, conventional accounting only shows half of your complete picture. Yep. Cool. It's based on all it makes sense And your thing is based on the future, right? If I remember correctly.

Yeah, that's right. So my question is on the lead here, I, I did put, okay, most practices are, are missing this one financial system silently triggering cash leaks and loss control. Discover how top practices uncover kit in cash leads, blah, blah, blah with the financial flow sequence. This is the first time I mentioned the financial flow sequence in this page. Yep.

So, pretty early in the lead. I don't mention it at all, and it's not until I get to the bottom of this section that I mention it again. Is that okay to not mention it during the lead? Uh, bring your, bring your lead back up again. Scroll back up to the, to the top.

Um, scroll down a little bit. James. Is this the lead that you and I worked on? It's a version of it. Okay.

So how's this, first of all, how is this page converting for you? We just updated, uploaded it like Friday. Okay. So it's early. Okay.

So typically there, typically we, we want to introduce the mechanism in the lead. Um, and secondly in the lead, um, we want to express the big idea which you are doing, right? Which is this epiphany that you're basing all your financial data on the past when it, the true financial picture comes from the future. Mm-hmm. Um, scroll down a little bit.

Complete financial picture. Okay. Uh, Go down, scroll down. Yeah. Um, yeah, there's a couple of things that, that I would change in that lead.

Um, is that, okay, a lead is really supposed to be like an elevator pitch. And it's supposed to, it's, it's supposed to give the prospect a reason to continue to keep giving them, giving you their attention. So the headline and the idea that's expressed in the headline, the ads and all that stuff gets their attention. They hit this page, they hit the headline, the lead is supposed to give them a reason to continue giving attention. Mm-hmm.

So we do that by, um, introducing the mechanism, expressing the big idea, typically, uh, overcoming some high level objections. And then number two is, uh, teasing some high level benefits and then giving like a reason why. So it seems like almost what you've done here is you've begun because you're building on the idea, but you are, it's almost like you're transitioning a little bit into education mode. And the lead is not the place to educate. The lead is the place to say what needs to be said, which is all those things I just mentioned.

Introducing, reiterating the promise, introducing the mechanism, teasing high level benefits, overcoming high level objections, and then giving a reason to continue giving their attention. Then you kind of go into education mode. So it looks like here, it's like you're almost going, you're putting the cart before the horse a little bit. Okay. So yeah.

So I, I feel like I, I have all those elements that you mentioned. Is there a line that starts hitting you where it's like, I went too deep into it? Yeah. Um, Scroll, scroll Back up for a second. Let me see something here.

Um, so tight. Um, Yeah, so right there in between the sentence of, there's a reason most practices struggle with cash flow. And once you see it, you'll understand why money can feel so tight. And the next line, the truth is conventional accounting only shows half of your complete picture. Like, I would put something in between there.

Like, uh, there's a reason most practices struggle with cash flow. Once you see it, you'll understand why money can feel so tight. Um, and like I would allude to the fact that there is a way to fix it, and when you do, you're gonna experience this benefit, this benefit and this benefit. Um, and so I'm gonna show you exactly what it is in just a second. Um, like give them a reason to stick around.

And then I would build on that, uh, whole, the whole idea there about the conventional accounting and why it's flawed. Okay. So there, there should be like a copy chunk in between there. Okay. So this was kind of my attempt to rehook.

Is that, are you saying it just needs to be more of that, or are you saying that that's not a good No, I don't, I don't think there's anything wrong with it. I just think I would build on it a little bit more kind of teasing, um, kind of teasing. Like, see, you are, you are introducing the, the idea which is their problem, which is, which is great, but you're not, you're not teasing a solution to the problem, right? Like you're, you're saying once you see this, you'll understand why money can feel so tight. Okay, I get that.

But I want, I want you to tease the solution of, and once you fix this problem, this happens, and this happens and this happens, right? All these good things begin to happen. So benefits before I get to this. Correct. Okay.

Okay. All right. You know, kind of like how, like if I was introducing like a weight loss, a a, a new and different weight loss thing, right? I would say, look, there's a new and different way for you to lose 30 pounds of fat in the next 30 days. And it doesn't involve fasting and it doesn't involve calorie counting, and it doesn't involve doing hours of exercise.

Uh, all it takes is like a three second trick that you do every day. And once you do it, you'll see the, you'll see energy levels will go up. Uh, fat will begin to melt away, your pants will fit your pants from when, 20 years ago. F like that kind of stuff. Like, you're being very kind of ambiguous and building curiosity before you start going into like what you are doing here is like more specific.

You are educating them about the specific problem. Um, and typically within the lead, we don't do that. We're more teasing high level benefits, overcoming objections or the things that they don't want to do. Um, and also kind of differentiating be between like what, it's not like, it's not calorie counting, it's not no carbs, it's not keto, it's not all these things that you think it is, which gives them a reason to stick around. But the reason why I asked you, James, is reason why I asked you how this page is converting is because this isn't necessarily a bad lead.

Like, this is not something I would look at and be like, that is garbage. Take it down and put something else up. Right? But you, your question is like, based on best practices, is it missing some stuff? Yes, it is.

But sometimes in certain cases, depending on the market and the promise that you're making and there's sophistication, this type of a lead could actually work. So I would definitely test it against what I just mentioned to you. But this is by no means like a bad lead. Okay. Got it.

Um, yeah, awareness is, uh, is there problem aware and sophistication is also pretty low. Um, should I bring this up? Like, could that, I mean, rewording it obviously, do you think something like that in between what you're talking about? Scroll specific? Let scroll up a little bit.

I mean, um, yeah, scroll up so that I could see more of the copy on the bottom. Scroll down. Yeah, there you go. Um, yeah, Yeah. So like what you are, what you're doing here is again, like you're really building on the pain, which is good 'cause they're in pain, right?

But there's no link to the, there's no, like, you're not alluding to the solution. Like when you say once this once, uh, with a complete financial system that can show you a full picture, you could spot cash leaks in real time and know exactly how to stop them. And then once you do, this will happen and this will happen and this will happen. Mm-hmm. Yeah.

Okay. I mean basically it sounds like I just need to extend some more benefits, But not, yeah, just kind of like, again, high level benefits, like in other words, like the top, yeah, top three, um, most attractive benefits to them. And also kind of overcoming, you know, um, the top three objections that they might have. I do have those in here. The objections.

Um, okay. Scroll. Got it. Keep, keep scrolling down. Mm-hmm.

By the way, have you, did you, um, did you test the VSL version of this first? No, this is, this is, um, no. Okay. Um, so what happens when you click that button? Okay.

It starts the, uh, the intake. Okay. Mm-hmm. Uh, keep scrolling. My next question was going to be if it makes sense to have it this early.

We did have a couple leads come in and they did click on this first button, but I don't know if it's too early. How much traffic have you sent? Not, not enough to count 150, maybe 200 penny page views across different accounts. Okay. So what is, what does your opt-in rate look like?

Like is it, what are your, I mean, a hundred is okay. It's the's the lowest that we typically will look at. It's like the, you know, the, the starting point. But I mean, based on that, what is your, what are you, what does your k what does your KPI look like? I guess I probably shouldn't have said that because they're spread across five accounts, so technically they're all gonna be different.

'cause it's different audience, you know how it goes. So, um, one of them, uh, is that we produced only like two or three leads, but it's 1.5%. Before it was like 0.5%. There's not a, I don't expect it to be super high in this industry, this offer. But, but yeah.

So, but it's still early, so I don't know if that's even accurate. Yeah. So you said that they are problem aware though. They're problem aware. Yeah.

Yeah. Problem aware and low sophistication. Yeah. Yeah. So I would move that button down because you gotta educate them more then, right?

Okay. And if you, if you're allowing them to click on that, then you, you're running the risk of them, you're, you're losing control over the process of educating them before getting them where you need them to be to make the offer to them. Okay. So that makes sense. So my next question is, I was debating whether or not to keep this section at all.

Um, maybe this could go into the lead, I don't know. But this is kind of another rehook if you will. It, it covers one of the objections. Uh, so it's kind of the start of the marketing argument. But what do you think about this?

What objection does it cover? Uh, well, several. So Is that they're losing money and they don't realize it. Lemme look here. Um, I've re ridden this page so many times.

Lemme see what my version is. Lemme see. Maybe I was including this for a sense of urgency. 'cause the idea here was, um, things are changing and this is why it's important now. And then obviously some stats to back up what we're saying.

So that, I think that's probably why I was struggling with what to do with this, whether to keep it or not. Um, Two recent medical, Yeah, I don't know. Um, I don't, in my opinion, I don't see that as, Um, like supporting evidence. Like, um, or like, I don't see it as something that would provoke them, for lack of a better term, to see this as something timely. Because what it's really showing is that there was a study done on medical group leaders that are basically reporting that they're experiencing the same thing that your prospect is experiencing.

It's not really like forecasting a trend or something, or, um, something that, like something urgent that's about to happen or something that's, it's kind of just reporting on something that already happened that they're kind of aware of. 'cause you said that they're problem aware. So it's like, it would almost be like, like me sharing a study of how like, you know, 92% of men age 45 say that they can't lose weight. It's like, all right, well, you know, now if you were sharing a study showing that, you know, somehow or another, um, you know, uh, the ability to lose weight is gonna get harder and harder as we get older, even though that's still something we kind of already know. But if there was like, some sort of unique factor that I wasn't aware of that played into that trend, I would see that more as like, I understand that it's a proof point, it's just, I don't think it's the, I don't think it's a proof point in the right context.

Does that make sense? Okay. Yeah. I see where you're going and I think that's why I put this line in here, trying to show them that things are changing and you better keep up kind of thing. But maybe again, that's not, Yeah, I mean, if there was like a study that showed that, um, like instead of like, medical group leaders are experiencing longer receivable cycles compared to the year before.

'cause like again, they already know that that's a problem for them. If there was a study that somehow indicated that these receivable cycles are just gonna keep getting longer, like that's, that's outside of what they're experiencing. Like it's, it's, it's data that's showing what's going to happen in the future, not what's happening right now. To me that would be, that would be more like indicative of something I would use as a proof point in this context. So like here, for example, right, like in the marketing space, right?

Like in the space that Todd and I are in right now, right? Like, um, a lot of, you know, a lot of people, you know, 'cause we work with all different types of, of business owners, right? And like, what we see is that like a lot of people in like the, um, in the expert space are like, things are just becoming ways way more competitive because of ai, right? And so what's happening is now every, every, everybody and their brother is now able to use AI to create a product or a course to create a solution to create their marketing campaigns. So things are just getting more and more crowded, right?

If I was to show a trend of like how that's going to be, how it's gonna be even worse in a year from now, and how like, you know, maybe certain niches won't even exist anymore, right? Like, um, you know, for example, like, let's say accountants, right? Like, I, I, I, the, the, the future in my opinion looks very grim for people like accountants. I mean, what, I used to pay an accountant $1,500 to do a p and l for me, I could just use chat GPT to use to do that for me, right? If I was showing something like that, like a trend, like an a a an emerging trend, that's only getting worse, to me, that works better as a proof point than just saying like, a group of people have exper are reporting that they're experiencing the same problem as you.

Hmm. Okay. So yeah, I mean that was the, the goal here to, uh, with, with this line. I I see what you're saying. And yeah, there's not a, I mean, there's, there's not a study that I found that we talk about future.

The idea here was it was supposed to show the trend. I see where you're going with it though. Um, if it had that, do you think that would, uh, show reason to keep this? I mean, like, this was also supposed to be kind of the, you know, hey, we've got the financial sequence, you gotta do something about this and here's how we solve it. Or is this more of a lead type of thing?

Yeah, no, this is not a lead thing. This is more of like an education, um, aspect of it. Yeah. I just don't, I don't see it as a super strong proof point for that. Like, if I were to read that, it would, it would, like, I would look at that and be like, okay, like, all right, I, I would either like take it or leave it.

It's not something that would like kick me into immediate urgency to be like, oh my gosh, there's, there's something that I wasn't, like, this problem is worse than I thought it was. Like, I don't, I don't think it would convey that to me. I think it would convey that, okay, it's as bad as I thought it was, but it's not worse than I thought it was. Like it wouldn't, it wouldn't change my mind either way to think that the problem is more severe than I already think it is, if that makes sense. Got it.

Okay. Yep. That, yeah, that makes sense. That's kind of why I was trying to decide on that. Okay.

So that, that's cool. So with that gone then I'll need to introduce the, the financial flow sequence in here. I'll, I'll tell you On one second. I'll tell you where I would try that, James. I would try that as an angle in my ads.

That's a great idea. That's I would do with that. I love that. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.

That's a cool idea. Okay, so, cool. That, that makes sense. So just to recap here too, so I'll, I, I will play with this a little bit. Um, when you talk about teasing the mechanism like this, obviously I, I didn't even like say that it was our unique mechanism.

I said that if you had a full picture, if I just add a little bit of tease here to like add that phrasing into it, like add the mechanism name in there. Is that kinda what you're saying? Yeah. Go back, go back up to the top again. I just wanna see one more time how you're starting this off.

Uh, Yeah. See, this is the reason why I asked you if this is the lead that we worked on, because it doesn't feel like a lead to me. A as I'm looking at it, it almost seems like that there should be something like an entire chunk before this. Like, you know, typically a lead is like, and I'm, I'm just gonna paraphrase here, and I know that your, um, I know that your people are more moving away from pain than moving toward pleasure, but it's more like, Hey, did you know that there's a new and different way for you to experience this primary promise and it doesn't involve objection, objection, objection. And you can experience benefit, benefit benefit.

Um, hold on one second. There's a new and different way for you to experience this primary promise. It's called this unique mechanism, right? And it doesn't involve objection, objection, objection. And it doesn't involve this benefit, benefit, benefit.

And you can, and then you reiterate the promise again, but in like a different way. Um, and then you kind of allude on the fact that it's new and different because it, it has to do with, um, the way that you are looking at your data without getting into the past and future thing. You're kind of like, you're a level above that, right? So for example, in the campaign that I wrote about, I, I've given you this example before, right? But in the campaign that I wrote about anxiety coming from the gut and not the brain, like we didn't say that in the lead.

What we said in the lead was, there's a new and different way for you to reduce your anxiety in the next 30 days. That doesn't involve yoga, it doesn't involve meditation, it doesn't involve prescription drugs. And you can start, you know, uh, getting rid of your anxiety immediately feeling calmer, blah, blah, blah. It's called the Morningside method. And it works.

It's completely different than anything else because of how it attacks your anxiety at a hidden source that most people are not even aware of. And once you address this hidden source, you'll experience this benefit, this benefit, and this benefit. So if that's something you'd like to know more about, then sit down and stay tuned and pay very close attention to what I'm about to share with you. Now, did you know that there's a link between the gut? So I'm not saying in the lead that it's coming from the gut.

I'm kind of like one level above that. So instead of like in the lead talking about the past and future thing, like, I wouldn't say that I would go one level above that and say, like, I, I'm not sure what's the best way I would articulate it off the top of my head. I'd have to think about it. But like, I would be thinking of like a more blind way to say that. Like, it has something to do with the way that you're looking at the data or the, uh, uh, you know, a blind spot that every single accountant has that they're not even aware of that's completely wrecking your data.

Like, something like that. And then I would go into this. Got it. Does that make sense? It does.

And lemme ask you this too. So, um, since my offer is literally fill out a form, I also don't want to, 'cause I, I did play with the link. I, I, I understand exactly what you're saying and I'm going to go that direction. I'm gonna, I'm gonna ask how far that direction should I go in terms of adding that extra versus this shouldn't, we're just asking three to five questions. That's the, the ask.

It's not purchased on this page. So I tried to keep the page somewhat shorter because the ask doesn't demand as much. Mm-hmm. Does, does that make sense? Yeah, It does.

But we're still talking about with the lead in the context of the lead, the ask Is the content. Yeah, yeah. The ask is a tension and we need that no matter what. So that's not one place that I would, um, I wouldn't skimp on the lead. I, I, listen, what I would do is I would just run a true a b split test.

I would split test this versus whatever lead you and I came up with as the chunk before this, and just let the data tell the story and see which one, which one works better. Mm-hmm. Okay. That's what I would do. Man.

Makes sense. Because it, again, Here it looks like you're, you're going into like, what I would be going into if I was explaining how the gut, the gut brain connection and how people are getting anxiety from, it's almost like you're going into the education portion there, right? Rather than just teasing and building curiosity and giving them a reason to stick around. Got it. Okay.

Cool. That helps. Um, so then the next section is the marketing argument, basically. Mm-hmm. Um, I try to keep it as concise here.

Yep. And cover all the bases. Can you gimme feedback on this? What do you think about this? Um, is this the marketing argument that we did?

Pretty similar? Yeah. I mean this, like, the first point up there looks like it's like stripped down of benefits though. Like when we did your marketing argument, I don't remember exactly, but I know that every part of it had a functional experiential and emotional benefit tied to it. Mm-hmm.

So this 18 point diagnostic that's searches for the most common areas for cash leaks, that is, that's really almost not even a, that's not even a, a functional benefit. That's something else. Khaled, do you know what that is? It's not, I wanna see if Khaled knows the answer. It's not a functional benefit, it's something else.

The first step is an 18 point diagnostic that's searches for the most common area for cash leaks. Not a functional benefit, it's something else. Khaled feature. Give that man a cigar. It's a feature.

Yeah. That's a feature. So the difference, James, is you wanna think about the word you, right? If, if the sentence or the statement doesn't have the word you in front of it, more or less, it's not, uh, it's not a, a functional benefit, it's a feature. So for example, if I talk about remote control start in my vehicle, right?

And I say it, it starts the car before I come out of the house, that's a feature. When I say you'll be able to get into a nice, warm, toasty car, even when it's 15 degrees outside, that is a functional benefit because I'm saying, what's gonna happen to you as a result of being able to start the car inside? Uh, you start the car inside the house. Does that make sense? Mm-hmm.

Yep. The dimensionalized benefits. Yeah. So yeah, I just don't see like, um, yeah, so you've got, you know, again, that's a feature. Um, and again, you want that functional benefit, which is the, the surface level benefit, the experiential benefit, the emotional benefit.

This one, I've got something. Yep. Okay. That's emotional good. Um, yeah.

See, but these are, again, these are like features, right? Because you're talking about what the mechanism does, which is fine, you can keep that. But there should be a, a, a distinct benefit of what that looks like. Like the question that you want to ask yourself is like, okay, so then what happens to me? So even complex specialties, cash, uh, cash based or insurance heavy models reveal leaks that should traditional accounting won't find.

So what, so what happens to me? So I stop wasting time with my accountant, you know, whatever, I'm, I stop wasting time and money, you know, um, on my accountant, you know, whatever it might be. Like, what does that specifically look like in my life? Make sense? Mm-hmm.

Yep. Does okay. Yep. I can add that. Um, okay.

Well I'm assuming this is, I mean, this is the majority of the, the important stuff, right? Like the rest down here is just kind of introducing. Yeah. Um, but That, again, that looks different than 'cause like, I mean, I feel like we built out, we built out a pretty long, pretty robust marketing argument. Did we not, I mean, answering like a mm-hmm.

Overcoming a ton of objections and stuff like that. So this kind of looks like a chop down version of that. Yeah, it is. So What I would say, James, is, and, and look, this might guys just take this as, as a, you know, as a little bit of a lesson, and this might apply to James, um, more so than other people. So when it comes to marketing and testing things.

You typically, you wanna start with more stuff and then kind of let the data tell you the story between before chopping stuff down. Right? Now, there are certain cases where Todd and I, for example, we will take the risk of putting something out there that actually has less, uh, messaging on it. But we do that knowing very well that we're taking a risk and we have the media budget. We're willing to, like, take that risk to try to get to the 'cause.

We think we're gonna get to the answer faster. And so, because James has a lot of expertise in this kind of space, and he knows his, his customers and his prospects pretty well, and he also might be in a financial position to do that, where he is willing to kind of like, take a little bit more risk in his ads to try to get things working faster. But typically you wouldn't do that. Typically you would start with a bigger, robust campaign. And then, yeah, in the beginning, like you might spend some money on data that tells you, okay, this doesn't work, that doesn't work.

You gotta cut this out. You know, you might have to change this lead or whatever it might be, tighten things up. And in that process you might, you know, lose time or money, but the trade off is that you know, what's not working. Whereas sometimes if you, depending on how experienced you are, you might be willing to run the risk of cutting the line a little bit. But you just gotta know that if it, if things don't work and you cut the line, now it's, you can't go back now and start diagnosing where the bottleneck is because you, you, you, you, you, you shortcutted the process.

Does that make sense? Mm-hmm. So just something to think about. Um, it's just something to keep in mind. Any other questions about that campaign, James?

Yes. Um, yeah, so, um, the, okay. Yeah. So, uh, as they go, so obviously I know this is not a, a checkout page, so I was trying to figure out the, the customer flow in this case. So the first page, first page of the idea was to talk about the financial flow sequence.

And literally just, I, I don't even say this is just the first step. I, I just, I cut it out because it was, it added a lot to the page. And yeah, I did cut a lot of that down because it was just, it turned into a massive page that, yeah, I've just never managed long pages like this and just seemed excessive. So, um, the question was on the next page, oh, on the, on the, this final screen, I actually introduced the CEO control system, which is the, the, the service. And it's where we actually say we take the financial sequence and we, you know, you get a hands-on person, somewhat walk, you know, by your side walking through the stuff.

So it's the very last section that teases that. On the next screen is the booking page. So the idea was, I, I need to, 'cause some people I'm assuming aren't gonna make it to the very last page, um, or the very last screen, you know, for lead gen stuff, like, you know, I don't know, they, they scroll fast and just click. So the, my, my goal was to reintroduce, hey, the CEO control system is what, you know, how we deliver the financial flow sequence. The concern I had, well, first of all, does that make sense to do?

Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. So the, the problem that I had was, there's three components to the financial flow sequence, the three that I detailed earlier, but I just talked about one. Mm-hmm.

So what I was trying to do is, is how do I first of all introduce the two side by side without it being overwhelming and also knowing there's three components to it. So should I say financial flow sequence is step one? 'cause the first page is talking only about finding the cash leaks, and that's their main problem. Like, that's the, the, the biggest gap. Step two and three are kind of the, the fuller picture to that, right?

How do I, what's a good way to introduce that? In other words, without saying, oh, also there's mechanism A, B, and C within that. Okay. And it's also part of brand new name CEO control, you know what I mean? Yeah.

So, so the question that you're asking is about, what you're really asking is about like, how, like the approach I take to kind of refining the message and making it pier and tightening it up. So, like I said, whenever I craft a campaign, I never go into the campaign thinking that like there's a, a word limit or an amount of copy that I, I need to stick to. I can't go past 5,000 words. I need to stay within this range. I always just go with everything that I think needs to be said to in, in, in order to, uh, achieve the task at hand.

Right? And if that means I write a 25,000 word sales letter, then that's what I do. Now, once I've written that sales letter, I'll go through a refining process and I'll say, okay, I took three paragraphs to make this point. Could I really say that in one paragraph? And if I can, then absolutely I will chop it down.

And 'cause there is something to be said about p this, and everyone's got a, a certain people only have so much attention that they could give you, right? Period. So I will tighten it up, but I try to find the balance between tightening it up as much as I can without sacrificing critical things that need to be said. That make sense so far? Yeah.

Okay. So if you remember, do you, do you, did you and I talk about the difference between the condensed mechanism and the expanded mechanism? We talked about dimensionalized, like with all the, yeah, yeah. So, So let me, let me show you something real quick. 'cause it, it'll, it'll, it'll drive home.

Like, um, the point that I wanna make to you, um, Can you see my screen? Yep. Alright. So what you are talking about right here is everything in the campaign argument, right? Mm-hmm.

So the campaign argument consists of two things. It consists of how the mechanism works and why the mechanism is superior to competitors. The, how the mechanism works is typically like a very small portion. It's like 10 to 15%. 'cause the prospect doesn't really care how the mechanism works.

The prospect cares about why the mechanism is superior to competitors. So what I focus on when it comes to the how of how the mechanism works, I talk about that. The barometer that I use for that is like, how much do I need to talk about for it to be different than what everybody else has. So if your thing has three components, but all you need to talk about, is that one thing that you are mentioning, 'cause nobody else has that, then, then that's all I would talk about when it comes to the how, right? Mm-hmm.

If I had a proprietary blend of ingredients in a supplement, right? That consisted of like, let's say 10 ingredients, but I had like one ingredient that's like the star of the show that I know nobody else has, I wouldn't even talk about the other nine ingredients. When I introduce how it works. I would, I would just talk about that one star ingredient for, for a couple of reasons. Number one is that it allows me to be pier and tighter and say more while saying, less so saying what needs to be said to, to achieve the task at hand without, you know, going so far over that I'm, I'm losing them, right?

The second thing is that less aspects of differentiation are generally more attractive to a prospect, right? So again, if I show you a supplement that has 10 average ingredients in it, but the blend of them together makes my thing different, versus if I tell you I just have this one ingredient that's sourced from a, you know, the depths of the Amazon jungle and nobody else has this ingredient and this ingredient is the game changer, that's just way more attractive to the prospect, right? So if I can talk about less things in how the mechanism works, I will do that, right? Most people can't do that 'cause most people don't have one thing in their mechanism. Most people, for most business owners, it actually is a combination of things.

So I will, I will always go with, can I talk about this one thing? Yeah. That's different enough. Perfect. We got it.

Can I, nah, that's not different enough. Do I need to combine it with the second thing? Okay. Is that different enough? Good.

We got it. Okay. Is it three things that I need to talk about? Is it four? Once I get past like five, I start like maybe thinking about how I could chunk them up or categorize them.

'cause I don't wanna talk about 10 different points of differentiation. I just think that that, that becomes excessive. So, um, with your thing, the first question that I would be asking myself is, is the one thing I'm talking about, is that different enough, right? Or do I need the other two things to make it different? That's where I would start.

If the answer is no, if it's like no, I could just talk about this one thing, boom. I'll just leave it at that one thing. Now where I would talk about the other two things, and by the way, that's what I call the condensed mechanism. It's kind of like the, the short version of the mechanism where I would talk about those other things is in the other 90% of this marketing argument where we made the claims that overcome the objections, that's where I would lean on. So I would say something like, you know, whatever, if there's like an objection related to speed, let's just say that's when I would say, you know, in part in in, in the second component of this mechanism, there's this other thing that achieves the speed claim or proves the speed claim, right?

So you only meant when you talk about how the mechanism works, you're talking about one thing. But in the market, in the full marketing argument where you're making claims to overcome the objections, I would, that's where I would lean on the other parts of your mechanism as to support claims that I make. Does that make sense? Yeah, it does. Okay.

Yeah. Cool. Yeah, I like that. Yeah, just the one is fine then. Um, yeah, even the other two, they're, 'cause primary promise is, um, basically stopping their cash leaks.

Uh, you know, there's no defined number to it 'cause it varies. But secondary thing they're looking for is the feeling of uh, or getting control and visibility into their actual financials. So the other two mechanisms are supposed to cover that, but I could just summarize that. And like you said, I could just level up and just summarize it in one sentence. Yeah, if you can do that, go for it.

Yeah. Because I mean, again, in the context of a mechanism, the only, the only two reasons you're talking about a mechanism is to either show how it works or why it's superior. And the why it's superior is way more important than how it works. Because again, most business owners, uh, I'm sorry, most, uh, like, you know, most prospects, they don't really care how a mechanism works like I do. 'cause I'm a nerd, like I'm a marketing nerd, you know?

So like when Todd first released E five and he was like, yeah, it's 25 hours worth of material. I was like, wow, that's great. I'm gonna learn every aspect of this thing. But most people are not like that. Most people don't want, they don't care, they just want the result.

They're just like, how, you know, just tell me how it, tell me how, tell me why it's better than what everybody else has. And then again mm-hmm. All the benefits that are attached to that, which are the real reason, you know, that's ultimately like what we're looking to get out of mechanisms is benefits, payoffs, transformations. 'cause they don't really even care that we have a mechanism. They just care about what the mechanism is gonna do for them.

Yeah. Fair enough. Yeah, I cut the wrong parts. I can see it. Cool.

Awesome. Yeah, no, that, that helps, that helps on the booking page too. I'm, I'm not even, I was gonna go into like explaining there's three steps. I wasn't gonna create a whole new section, but just like a graphic showing the financial flow sequence and then the other two steps. But even that, I don't think I need to do it.

Probably just a sentence summary and also you get a dashboard with, you know, decision making process. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Was that helpful for you guys too?

The way what I just kind of broke down. Okay. Cool. Any other questions, James? I Think I have enough to, uh, to work on, well actually, lemme double check real quick.

Um, reset, yeah. Button, uh, answer that. Yeah. Super non important question. Like very bottom of the totem pole type question.

I wanted to put in a damaging admission. I was going to point out the fact that this is, it takes time to resolve these cash flow issues. Doesn't really matter where I put it, right? Or is it better just be in the lead? Or like, I I it's not even, it's the smallest of importance.

I understand. I'm just curious, Why do you wanna put in a damaging admission? Well, I mean, as part of the E five campaign you mentioned like have something like that. Um, I mean, my understanding too is if if your claims are even bigger, you have to have stronger proof points. But also having a damaging admission before all of that helps.

Um, so it, It's in a, in an E five minimum viable funnel, you shouldn't have a damaging admission because what you're a damaging admission. So let, let me first say this, right? There are a million different things you could add to a campaign and every time you add something, you, you always run the risk of it negatively affecting the campaign. Sure, it could, it could help it or it could negatively affect it with a minimum viable funnel where we're really just validating the idea, the promise, the mechanism we want as little as possible, um, in, in the, in the campaign because we, we, we, it's, we want kind of like, we want the messaging to do the talking, right? So Ka Kat and I actually had this conversation on a call last month where he was saying that like, um, you know, he wanted to know if he should do a video because he likes to connect with people and he feels confident on camera and stuff like that instead of like the way we normally test minimum viable funnels with ugly VSLs.

And so like what I had said was that like, the reason why we start with an ugly VSL is because we don't wanna run the risk of there being something in the messaging or something in the video that distracts the person from the messaging. So like for example, if I did a minimum viable funnel, I would never shoot a video personally, and I would never shoot a video in this office wearing a cross with a picture of the last supper behind me. Because there are prospects that subconsciously or consciously could be distracted or be deterred by that and just be like, oh, this guy's a Jesus lover. Like I, I I can't do business with him. Like, you just don't know man.

You just, it could be anything. It could be a a a cup of coffee that you have in the background that just subconsciously throw somebody off, right? So you want to keep things as minimalistic as possible. And the same applies to like a damaging admission. Like I, I don't see a reason to put that in a minimum viable funnel when it comes to claims.

Um, again, like the whole point of the E five campaign is to prove the superiority of the mechanism to reach the thesis. So I like just wouldn't make that claim if I couldn't prove it. I wouldn't prove it with, so in other words, like if the, if you're saying it takes time, right? And you wanna overcome, you wanna be able to s you wanna be able to make claims about your mechanism, but you know, it takes time. So you would use a damaging admission to, to kind of like to balance that out.

I just wouldn't make a speed claim if that was true. Like, I just wouldn't claim it's fast. There's a reason why I went down that path. Um, the market sophistication is extremely low. Like I've done, I've done competitor research, there's very few people doing any advertising in this space.

And in one way that's like a, well, there's a yellow flag there, like why aren't people there? Um, but at the same time, each one of these claims that I make wasn't about why it's superior or better. It's be, it just doesn't exist in their world at all. Like, there is no, the only thing, the only contrast we have is against the CPA, which we, we cover that, but the rest of the uniqueness part doesn't exist. So that's why I, that's why I cut it down because it was, it was almost like, that's why I was thinking about damaging aion.

'cause it's almost like this doesn't exist now. It's a brand new thing. I I don't believe that this can do all this because I've never seen, you know, this is like AI five years ago. Like you can create AI video. Like, does that make sense?

Like we're we're claiming things that they've never even heard of. Yeah. Um, again, yeah, I just wouldn't make a claim about speed. I would just, I would lean all on effectiveness then. Okay.

I would, that's where my, I would just be putting everything on effectiveness, not necessarily speed. Okay. Cool. That cool man, you have answered all my questions. I appreciate it, man.

Yep. You got it. What's going on? Khaled, my good friend. The new, the new version of Khaled.

I, I love the old version and the new version, but you look great my friend. Good sense. What's going on? It's going, it's going. How are you?

Good. So the new version is very lean, right? Like it was a long way. Yes. You look fantastic buddy.

Yeah, thank you. Thank you so much. Yeah. Uh, you know what, usually I try to prepare, uh, like do some homework before I ask my question. My question was all about, uh, uh, the GBTs that you have because I'm preparing the individual campaigns for these individual part of my product, but I couldn't finish it just because I came back from travel yesterday.

So I might send, send you an email if you don't mind. Sure. Asking you about how you approach each one of these, uh, GBTs and what would you ask them in order to expect the, uh, the answer or you correct the answer anyways. Let me just do the homework. I'll get back to you most likely by email, but if you don't mind, I would love to just give a or to, uh, Natalia and Mohamed as a just piece of advice for what they ask.

Do you mind? Sure, absolutely. Go for it. Thank you. So Natalia, uh, the point is, uh, when you are starting your campaign here, and you are launching your product here, right?

Like, you have three weeks distance and Paul said we need to keep them engaged. Usually one of the things that I tried it before, and it worked very well, Natalia, which is, uh, basically take your first win from the challenge. The very first quick win that we call it quick win. Okay? Take that part.

Take the habits that they, they will develop and send it to them via the last two or three emails in your inbound campaign. And ask them about these habits and tell them, you know what, let's build the habit tracking right now from now to the next three weeks until you get there. And let me meet you there and see what are your habits. Most likely they're gonna develop, they already have their current bad habit that you are gonna fix it to them during the challenge. And all you have to do is that habit tracking, like the keyword is habit tracking through the next three weeks.

Uh, uh, and they will give, give, keep them engaged by the way it's gonna give, give them engaged. Like I al like I have a habit tracker that I, I always send it to people and after the, uh, what we call it, whatever training, I focus only on the very first quick win. And then show them that in the next, let's say period, use the same habit tracker. You are a different person and it worked, worked so many times. Okay.

Just a, just a piece of advice. Take it, put it as an angle there, test it, it worked or not. It's up to your, uh, market, right? Yeah. Thank you very much.

That's really a cool idea. Well, we do not have like, challenge, it's more like assessment with some reflection, but I, I got the point, so I will try the way to Yeah. To adjust that to our journal, but that's cool. That's really cool. Quinn, something.

Your audio's cutting out Khaled. Yeah. Something. What is it? I can't hear you.

Yeah, your Audio's cutting out a little bit Bit. What about what about now? Yeah, a Little bit better. There we go. Let me, let me bring this guy very close.

What about now? Good. Better? Good. Good.

Okay. Uh, well, I'm saying just a few, take that very first quick win and send them the habit tracking about it, which is absolutely, they have bad habits right now. It's gonna make a huge difference when they see you even through the assessment, just to try to take the very first quick win and it works. Yeah. And I'm not sure about you.

Okay. But try it, test it. We will, we will. And I will also ask them to reply because they're very engaged and they can reply with their results so that we can use further going like till till the, yeah. Till the event.

So yeah. That's really cool. Thank you very much. Yeah. Okay.

Uh, uh, can I move to ask to say something to Moham Paul? Sure, sure. Yeah. Okay. Uh, Mohamed, this is, I believe the fourth time I hear you talking about, uh, uh, the, uh, the education side of your business.

And I believe that was one of the reason you, you entered this type of business that you wanna highlight the education. You are so focused and, and what we call it, you like the idea of, uh, of educating them, which is, okay, let's keep going with it. So the point is that I I, I also like tested it before, when we have a market that this market has like the buying, uh, a journey and that market is a long journey. The buying, uh, decision started way before they meet you, way before they contact the, uh, a developer or whatever, uh, like the, the person, uh, over the phone. So if you wanna educate them, we have two options at the very beginning, let's say when they start searching, when they, at the very beginning, like Paul said, okay, at the end of the day, the decision for my wife, I believe they already, if, if, if it's Paul and his wife going to buy it from, uh, your customers or from you, the point is they went through that discussion couple months before they even approach you, right?

And she start doing some research around that, right? So if you can access their email, right? We send them education through email and test the education through email. If you cannot send them, I still, uh, okay. Thank you.

I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I, I thought if you cannot send them an email because they talk, I can I cannot hear you. I cannot hear you. Hello?

Yeah's coming out again for some reason. What about now? Yeah, yeah. Better. What about now?

Better No cancellation app, but I'm not sure, maybe it's really blocking me so much. What about now? Let me just make it very, very loud. Is it good now? Now It's better.

Now it's better. Okay. Let me eat the microphone for you. But I think you made a good point because I was right now busy. I did my research, uh, when I was quite, I think what you are saying right now is true.

If, if I get access through their email, if I get to, if I do an test testimonial, a storytelling, it'll help them and increase to get an appointment or get, um, their trust, for example, instead of just an appointment and hoping to get a call and that's it, then it's done. Okay. But let me give you the other scenario where if you didn't have your email, so what happened here? Go start. Like take all of your path, break it down, let's say to nine steps.

And you call it that success path. From the minutes they have the problem to the minutes. They, they, they work with you and start doing all of this stuff. Okay? So if we call it success path, just between a bracket, success path is not the, uh, shortest path is the pass with least resistance.

So if you take each one of these points as a standalone point and you put it on a blog, just a blog, and then, and then you'll be more closer during their research. Again, let me go back back to Paul and his wife. If she starts searching about a pain point and you already address the, let's say, pain point and step number three, which is just like, let's say she's, uh, focusing about the coloring, how, like all of these color stuff, okay? If you have these pain points already addressed over there, you already educated her, uh, uh, his wife even without having her email address. Okay?

Now how we're gonna approach that, it's, it's kind of easy if you can start sending people to a link instead of asking them for email address. Like at the end of the day, we're gonna meet them where they are, right? This is my, my focus all the time. Like, let's meet them where they are and let me serve them as much as I can. So if you really, really laser focus on the education aspect in your business, you still can, you still can approach them with or with an email address or without, uh, without it.

And by the time they get to the buying decision, which is usually happen, what we call it at emotional hammer drop, so emotional, they, they, you know what? That's it. I can't handle it anymore. I have to make the decision tomorrow. At that point, if you have some specific, uh, uh, what we call it, uh, education already built up, guess what?

They're gonna call you. Mm-hmm. At the point of emotional hammer drop, if they already consumed stuff that you already approached them with, even indirectly they're gonna, they're gonna call you. Just let me wrap it up with this, uh, uh, with this one real scenario that happened with me, I was educating the market. I believe that was way before I travel.

It was like maybe like 2022. I was educating the market indirectly. And then at one point I opened the sales for, uh, one of my high ticket offer, which is 10 K. Okay. And, uh, I saw a name that purchased Tanya.

Okay. Tanya was basically Emma. Like my, my customer persona Tanya were like, where did you come from? Like, I didn't even know. Like we, she never even text me once.

Like she ever, even, like I, I know, I don't know any Tanya, okay. And she purchased $10,000 offer and she said, you made yourself and your education very accessible. And I was resonating with every single step in the journey. So she was consuming silently make sense without even coming to. And she already how was right.

So just, just to try it, put it there and try it would be email or I believe you might see some good stuff and this like, worked very well with, uh, with a product or service that needs a long, uh, uh, sales process. Buying process. Yeah. Thank you Javi for that advice. You Welcome.

You're welcome. Yeah. Thank you. It's cute. Anything else, Khaled, If you don't mind, I wanna ask the GBTs about the GBTs later on.

I, but I don't wanna wait until two more weeks. I believe next week is with Todd, right? No, Uh, with you. Like, I'm planning to work over the weekend. Do you mind if I shoot you an email around Monday morning?

Yeah, no problem. No problem. Thanks very much. Appreciate. We have, we, um, Paul did this big workshop explaining how all these Chad deputies work.

Yes. Like, was this like 17? Actually I did, We lost, we lost you. We lost the sound. The point is, when I came with my own product, I came, Yeah, I don't t your thing keeps cutting out.

I don't know why, but It's okay. Yeah. I don't know. Did you have a question about it, Natalia? No, no, no.

I just thought if Kaha didn't have that. Yeah, I have it. Oh yeah, I have Had it. No, he, he was on it live with us. He he enrolled in it Live.

Yeah, I was live with you as well. You were, Okay, cool. That's great. There we go. We had so many people.

Thank you. Thanks everybody. It was, it was so much fun. Yeah. Well, I have a very quick, uh, very, very quick question.

It's about birding and the copy. Uh, I, I'm thinking if, if it's just me or maybe it's really like overused, it's like if it's similar, if, if it sounds similar, you are not alone. And like the truth is, it's not about that. It's about that. Is it like really overused or you just, because I work with Cha g PT all the time and it gives me every time of the, the same thing.

Yeah. So really what you're talking about is like the idea, right? That's usually where you see that, well, it's in the lead, but the lead is based on an idea. Right? Um, and so yeah, there is a lot of that out there that it's not this, it's that the real problem is not this, it's that.

But, um, yeah, I would say it's, it can be overused in certain markets, but you know, all markets are different. You know, what people have seen in one space is completely new in a different space. Um, and, you know, there are a lot more ways to articulate a big idea than ba than it's not this, it's that there are other ways to do it. So, um, but yes, in certain spaces it's definitely overused. Okay.

Yeah. Thank you. 'cause I had a quick, uh, question, Paul, and for too, um, now I'm thinking in my situation, is it best, for example, from the contractors to, to do in front offer just the lead magnet? And once the people get in lead magnet, for example, shocking. Uh, these are the mistakes.

So when once they get in PDF, you can educate them on their backend, for example, through email and through email. After that, you entertain them and resonate with them. And then a soft offer, when they get a soft offer, you get them to a landing page. Um, I don't know, it's, uh, to go, uh, go deeper and after that, um, to get an appointment To Get that, uh, homeowners to, uh, to an appointment instead of in the front, uh, instead of the front offer immediately to get an, um, an appointment. Yeah.

I, I don't know the answer to that. Only because it, it seems to me like, again, if I, if I was, if I was looking to get my kitchen remodeled, um, it would probably be something that I would be looking to do sooner than later. Yeah. You mean he is not, he cannot, uh, by the way, is it this working right now? Yeah, it's better.

Yeah. There we go. I changed the mic. Yep. Uh, uh, uh, do you, do you mean Paul, that he should not do any lead magnet?

Just jump into the call? I, um, not necessarily any lead magnet, but I just don't know, like, um, like you're talking about lead magnet and then education and then entertainment. Like how long of a process are we talking about to like, does the prospect have that much time before they decide to, to, to, to renovate their kitchen? Like, usually like when you remodel a kitchen, that's an impulse buy. That's something that you want to do right away and get it over with.

Yeah, but the thing, the thing is also, it's also in high ticket. It takes time because you don't want to run fast because you want to hold on. You want to, that's true. That's why I'm thinking at this, uh, position. That's why I like, uh, Hal said, um, you, once you get their email, you can, how do, how do you say it?

Educate them through that from this mistake. Look at, this may be your lifestyle is this, uh, this kitchen will resonate with you, with this i from this, uh, this, uh, point of view. Do you mind if I answer? Yeah. Based on my own ledge, my own experience type.

If, if I, if I wanna create a lead magnet that work in a 2025, no an ebook that they're gonna put it on a shelf, yeah. I would put the success path like very high, uh, uh, level for the nine steps they're gonna take from, uh, point A to point B. People gonna see that you already know what you are talking about. And, oh, this is where I am, this is what I'm, this is what's gonna happen next. And that's it.

Don't go very, very detailed. This is what gonna work Success path work. Right now, eBooks doesn't work good. This as a lead magnet. Now, if I am getting into any call right now, and I wanted people to really believe in me very, very fast, I would take the market norms and I just go and throw rocks at their enemies, which is people who are, are making mistakes.

I would highlight a little bit more mistakes. I'm, I'm sorry, I, I, I made sound a little bit aggressive against my competitors, but I would put a lot of faith in me very, very fast. Okay, you know what? You face this mistake, okay? Or you like, next step, you're gonna have this problem, okay?

And they don't talk about it. I can address it for you. Something like that. So, so go to the market norms, uh, go to the mistakes, highlight them. If, if, uh, if you wanna give this advice to the contractors or, or anyone who, who over the, the, the call.

Good. Now, the same thing. This, these mistakes, market norms, like you are busting all of these myth and all of these people who are at the top of the market, but they're not really taking them to through the success path, which is the path of least resistance. Uh, I would just also use it in my, in my, uh, marketing. I would use it in my marketing and my, my free stuff, uh, that I put out there.

Let's say a p each mistake is a page, uh, on a blog. Good. Yeah. Something like that. And, uh, uh, like I have, I, I closed businesses.

You have no idea. I closed businesses with let's say like up to maybe 600,000 where I spoke to the owner and aggressively I was kind of a little bit aggressive, uh, talking to them. And I told him, no, it's not gonna work your way because Tototo, and then I start telling them all the problems that they're gonna face, the market norms, and I start busting all of these old meth, all, all old stuff. And people, they came, oh my God, you know what? I'm gonna partner with you.

And by the way, this is how I got the deal with Ford back in 20 20 17. I have a partner who, who invested like me, we 50 50 just because he didn't believe in me. And then I busted a lot of myth in the market, uh, by throwing rocks at his enemies. And it happened and it worked. Okay.

Just this is what I would say. Test it. At the end of the day, we test fast, chip fast. When You say Khaled, when you say the success path, like how do you deliver that? Like, is it through email or like how are you delivering the success path?

So the touch point is it varies between each person. For, for me personally, I, I have a software that, that has a part of it that called success path. I lay down the nine steps, but, but you can use it by email. Mohammad, you can use it anywhere. Good for me.

I have one pager. Okay? Let's call it one page based on nine. Like, it includes nine steps, no more than nine. Okay.

There is, there is a psychology for the 1, 3, 9 methods. Okay, let's go with the nine. Don't no more than nine steps. Okay. And you tell them this is hell island, this is heaven island, this is point A, this is point B, this is where you wanna go.

Good. I'm gonna tell you that your first step is gonna, you're gonna face this, okay? The second. And, and it has its own problems. And this is, uh, uh, the second one, and it has its own problem.

So you can, you can just mention that you know what you are. Let me take you in a journey from point A to point B through nine milestones. That's it. Good. Okay.

And mention the milestone. Define it. Just define it. Okay. I would add to it.

Can I add more Paul, like two more minutes? Yeah, I love it. Yeah, I would, I would absolutely make it extremely clear, sharp, like day and night. And I would tell them, you know what, this is the success criteria. Like this is what gonna happen to you if you work with me.

And step one, step one, if you don't do it correctly in my education, that's why we there. If you don't do it correctly, you're gonna go with the losing criteria and you're gonna face these problems. Good. So if you wanna do it, do it over nine emails if you want. If, if I can share my screen, gimme one second.

Can I? Or, or, or we are, uh, out of time. Uh, Paul, no, go ahead. Okay, give me one second please. I'm just curious right now, Uh, like, uh, let me, uh, you know what, before be, let's not worry about that.

I, I can't share it another, like another time just because I'm may respect the time here. Uh, Moham success path is the path between point A and point B. Good. You are gonna take them from point A to point B. Yeah.

Divide it to nine milestones, nine step stones. Good, good. Yeah. And send each one of them by email and tell them, you know, what, in phase one I'm taking you to here, we're gonna finish, we're gonna take off the old stuff in phase one. In phase two, we're gonna inspect behind the walls.

In phase three, we're gonna ship like shop for the materials. Good. Like, or maybe like step, uh, uh, four is materials. Step three is the, uh, uh, color in the background, color, all of these stuff. So you are gonna make it extremely, very, very clear that this is the step, this is how you do it, right?

This is how you do it wrong. Good. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.

Okay. Uh, I'm gonna, I'm gonna add one more thing, which is I sold a lot using it, which is, was binary. Yes. No question. I I used to go every Tuesday, live every Tuesday and tell people, you know what, these are the steps.

Okay? I, I'm gonna, I'm gonna open the, But my question is, you did on the front end and lead magnet after that, you, what you're talking about is the backend right now? No, the backend is working with you and with all of the details, the how with you is gonna be the back end, the front end. You take everything in the back end and talk about only the high level, Okay? You're gonna mention the same step name.

You are gonna mention the losing criteria. You're gonna mention like, but, but the how is gonna be with you. Make sense? Yeah. Yeah.

Okay. Good. Okay. Is that, uh, uh, this answer, Paul? The, the question how ham, I I do the success path?

The success path is basically these steps in the same order. Okay, let me, let me give you one very nice nugget that I sold a lot, just because I used to say this in my intro every single week. People are doing it all wrong altogether, or they are doing the right things in the wrong order. Show them that your success path, doing the right things in the right order. Make sense?

So step three must come after step two. It must, this is why they work with you. Send it in the third email and tell them, this is why I am sending it now. So this is education by email. Now what happen if you don't have their email, I would just go live, or I would go build like webpage or blog and tell them this is the success path.

This is, is step one. Let me go talk today about the problems in step one. Yep. Let me talk. You are not giving them the solution.

You're not giving them the how to fix it. But these are the problems and this is what Guru said, and I'm, I'm sorry, it's not working anymore. Make sense? Yeah, Yeah. Uh, like, uh, if we, uh, I'm, uh, I'm done just because of the time I after.

Yeah. Here we go. Okay. So that's it. Uh, let's talk about it next week or, uh, or together, alone later on.

I love it, man. This was a great call today because you guys really got to be the stars of the show and help each other. And, you know, again, that's, that's another part of the value of being here. It's not, this is not the Paul and Todd show. You know, it's the ability for us to come together and, and, you know, lean on each other for help.

So, you know, I, we appreciate, uh, you know, appreciate the insights you gave, the insights, uh, Natalia gave, uh, James Mohammad, you came with great questions. So yeah, all in all, great call guys. Thank you. Thank you guys. Thank you.

Thank you, Paul. And thank you for allowing me to speak, by the way. Of course. Go get some sleep and, uh, I'll see you guys next week. All right.

Enjoy Meeting. Have a beautiful week ahead and weekend. You too. Yeah. Take care guys.

Bye bye. Good night, Mohammed. Good night. Us two. Well.
