---
title: "video1706751254"
date: 2025-11-07
duration: 1h 39m
duration_seconds: 5992
vimeo_id: 1134632566
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# video1706751254

**Date:** 2025-11-07 | **Duration:** 1h 39m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

What's up Zach? Paul, What's going on man? How's it going man? How are you? Good, good.

How about you? Good. Hanging in there. Nice, nice. The time change got me on my calendar.

This said five 30. I was like, f**k, I missed it. I really needed to speak to Paul this week. Yeah. You know, it's, it's, it's the, the daylight savings time is such a bizarre thing.

And I have like, I have couple of clients out in Europe and so they're, uh, and overseas and like they're, it didn't change for them. So they were like, you know, yesterday I had somebody at six 30. Yeah. And then I was getting Zoom notifications that they were logging into the, and luckily I was here, so I just jumped on and, uh, you know, just kind of worked it out with them. But yeah, it's, it's a wild thing.

It Is weird. It is weird. What's going on, man? Um, Cool. So can I just hop into a question?

Yeah, Sure. Awesome. I need you. Alright. Um, so I had the tabs pulled up.

I'll get 'em pulled back up as I'm explaining this. So I had a very old list of emails back when I was doing sales calls. It was about like 6,000 people. Um, and I was like, cool, I'm gonna reuse this. They probably don't remember me.

This was years ago. They don't remember me. They certainly don't know the, the new company 'cause it's obviously brand new. And I set it up in GHL to start sending to that list in batch sends. Yep.

So I did 500, um, twice a day. So it was like 500 at 9:00 AM 500 at 11:00 AM Then the next day I did 500 and 500 again. Yep. And let me get this pulled up. I think that Gmail has blocked me.

Um, It's up jams. I did have a, uh, for, for how cold the list was, the open rate was like 20%, um, which I figured was fine, but now, and my deliv my delivered rate was 99.6%. I verified the list. I, I put 'em through an email. Verifier a good one.

Mm-hmm. Um, but on this last batch, lemme go ahead and share my screen here on this last batch. You can see this? I can now. Yep.

Cool. Uh, this drop dropped from 99.6 to what it is now, and the soft bounce was at 0% and it shot up to, um, obviously almost 13%. And when I looked at this, um, the numbers, so this was a batch of 500. And when I come in and check out the soft bounces, they're all Gmail accounts. So I'm thinking Gmail's like Gray listed me.

Um, um, so I don't know how familiar you are with GHL. I know you said that you used a few different softwares, but I'm hoping to get some kind of insight. Did I f**k my deliverability here? I'm using a subdomain, so it's not the end of the world. Um, but yeah.

Yeah. My, my question is, you said that was a batch of 500. So why does it say delivered 3000? Is that the total, because I know you said the total contact list was 6,000. Yeah.

Um, so I started sending this, uh, on the third or I guess yesterday. So, uh, it's sent the first 1500. Okay. So it's not a thou, so it's three batches of 500 per day. And the first, you know, all, all these batches were good except for the last batch.

That's when it, it, it seemed to tank on this last batch right here. Hmm. Yeah. Um, do you have a contact at high level? I do.

Um, that would honestly be the first thing I would do is I would reach out to them just because historically, like if you try to deal with Gmail yourself, it's historically it's kind of like difficult to deal with them. Yeah. Um, yeah, I would just reach out to the contact over there if it's all, if it's all, um, and this like, where'd you get this list initially? Like when you had it? Uh, sales calls.

So they would book into a sales calendar. Gotcha. And what, what is the content of the email? Um, see, I think I should be able to see it in here, right? Yeah.

Um, so it's basically just kinda like a story and then with, with a result and, uh, what my emails are going to start to be about. And then I, I, I basically am using this as like a filter, uh, to just have people start to opt out if they don't want to get these. Um, but yeah, this is it. What is the subject line? Um, let's see.

I, how Do I view this damn thing? Um, It might be like if you clone it, if you try to clone, oh no. And it doesn't carry over the subject line. Uh, when you clone it, Um, Did you send a, did you send an email to you? Like are you on the email list?

Yeah. Yeah. Let me check. I've probably deleted it. The, here it is.

So your show rates probably suck. Here's why. And this is the email and people, so people were responding to it. The deliverability was really good. Open rate was fine for a cold list.

Click, click through rate. I was okay with people were opting into the thing. Um, but it just tanked today. Yeah. And what does that say, uc tube?

Where? On the top there? That's the from email address. Oh. Oh no, this isn't, this is just somebody responding to, to the email.

Oh, I gotcha. Yeah, I don't know who that goes. Gotcha. What is the from email address? It was this right here.

So this is the, uh, subdomain I was using, and then I just put a team in front of it. Yeah. So the thing is, Zach and I let, let me just tell you like straight off the bat, I'm not an expert when it comes to like, the deliverability. It's all Good. Um, but like typically with a list, you wanna warm it up over weeks, not days.

Okay. For this specific reason. Um, because yeah, man, sometimes just what, what was your spam? What was your spam complaint? Like?

Pretty low. Uh, things were going fairly well, actually. And I have, so I've been warming this, uh, email up, but like gently, it, it's been going to just a few people that are in my beta round, uh, 0% on the spam and really low on the hard bounces. Hmm. Yeah.

Um, the click to rate is kind of low. Um, Yeah, it, it was better. Um, but it, it was about, I think 1%, um, until this deliverability got hit. Yeah, man. What I would do is I would just reach out to your rep wherever your contact is at high level and talk to them.

And then in the meantime, like if you, if you're like, what, what is the reason for you mailing this list? Like, is it, is it like, um, is it like an essential thing that like you need to like, do right now to try to extract revenue? Or is it More Like, um, just, ah, let's see what happens. No, not necessarily. So I've got, so I'm doing a launch on the software that I'll be running and I'm just trying to get people to opt in, um, so I can hit them up and give them like pre-launch access some bonuses, some other things.

It's, I, I didn't put much time into the software at all. It's I'm, it, it's just I building up some attention, some, some suspense for a launch that I'll be doing. Gotcha. Okay. Could you open up, just theoretically, couldn't you just open up another, do you have another like high level subaccount that you could just dump them into and use a different subdomain?

Yeah, a hundred percent. So on the, uh, let me go into it on the subaccounts, um, you can actually set up multiple domains. So like, I've got one set up for, uh, like payment receipts. I've got one set up for, for like automated workflows. This was just the one I was using for my campaigns.

So I can, I can scrap, scrap this, get another one, um, and just start over again and do it more slowly, I suppose. Is that what you'd recommend? Yeah, I mean, I, well, I would reach out to the rep first just to see if, number one, if they could they tell you to do something different or they might have a way to fix it for you. Um, you know, they might have a way to, to reach out to them and fix it for you. I've never had to deal with this with high level I have with Infusionsoft before.

Mm-hmm. Um, where I, I have to deal with the rep and then the rep, whatever they do, they reach out. They have relationships with these email service providers and they've got, they've always gotten it worked out for me. Oh, okay. Good to know.

I didn't know that. I didn't even know it was possible. Yeah. And I was sitting Like, this was my, I mean, this was years ago, but it was my own fault. I was hitting spam traps.

I wasn't, I wasn't cleaning my list the right way. And all it takes is like one spam trap, you know? Um, yeah. And, and then you're gonna, this is, this is kind of what happens. And every time I just had to reach out to my rep over there and talk them through it.

And sometimes you have to, like, depending on who it is, sometimes they want to see what you're gonna do to the list. Like I think with this guy, I had to like do the cleaning and show him that I cleaned it and all that, and then I was able to go back to resending. But I would do that and then like, in a worst case scenario, if that doesn't work, then I would just, I would just dump them into another subdomain and try it again and try to maybe warm them up over weeks. Gotcha. Gotcha.

Okay. Cool. I didn't even know you could do that. Did you get, did you Get any opt-ins? Oh, you only got seven clicks, right?

Was it seven clicks? Yeah, I got, uh, I think like two or three opt-ins. Um, it, it wasn't, it wasn't an email that had like a hard call to action though. It was just a little PS at the end. Um, the purpose of the email, to be honest with you, is just I want to get people to unsubscribe that are gonna mark me a spam in the future.

Um, so ironically, like, I'm trying, like, the whole purpose of the email is to boost future deliverability and I, I tanked it on the, the first campaign. Um, but that's okay. Yeah. I wonder if, um, Hey, Khaled, Khaled, let me ask you something if you're there. Do you have any, um, do you have any insights when it comes to this?

Is there maybe a better way Zach could be warming up this list? I dunno if he's there or if he, he might have stepped away for a second. All right. We'll wait for him to come back. But, um, yeah, sorry man, I wish I had a better answer.

No, it's all good. It's all good. I like email deliverability is, it's a whole other animal. I know. I get it.

Um, I've got a few other fast questions all around emails. Um, no worries if you don't know, I get it. Yeah, sure. Um, is there a best time to send, generally speaking? Um, no.

I would say that it, it really comes down to how you train your list. Okay. So the best time to send is the time that you've trained them to get used to receiving emails from you. Okay. They also have these features like where you can send based on that has like that predictive sending, I don't know if high level has it active campaign has it?

Yeah. It's never worked for me to be honest with you. Okay. Like, I've, I've always just seen better results where, so I mail at 8:30 AM and 8:30 PM Same thing with Todd. If you notice all of our emails go out at eight 30 Eastern or 8:30 PM Eastern.

Once in a while, if there's like a one off, I might shoot an email. Like last night I, I emailed something at like four o'clock, but that's like super rare. It's always 8:30 AM 8:30 PM It just kind of like trains them into, you know, just some consistency and predictability. Okay. Cool.

Um, let's see. And then, um, um, so do you segment leads based off of like what they've bought or what emails they open or just like what are your best practices or what, what's your, what's your thought process for for segmenting the list? Yeah, so we keep the segmentation now. Um, we, we keep the segmentation now pretty simple with our bullet campaign strategy. Okay.

You know about that. Yeah. Yeah. So that's really the extent of the segmentation that we're doing now. We have built Monster.

I mean, when I tell you the stuff that we've built in Todd's business over the years, the level of sophistication in some of the segmenting that we've done is like really insane. Um, and what I have found is that most of the time it just complicates things. Hmm. Uh, because if one of those things breaks and it doesn't work, right, people don't get tagged correctly. Um, and then the more like products and services you have, you're now creating different automations and segmentations for all of those different things.

And then like, sometimes you might set something up one way and then over time you realize there's a better way to do it, but then you never went back and fixed the old way. So like, we just keep it like super simple right now. We have our main list and then we just email them bullet campaigns. They raise their hand, they click, they get taken out and put into a, a conversion sequence. They get a three day deadline.

And that's the extent of segmentation that we do now. Awesome. Love it. Love it. Um, cool.

That one's answered. Um, ah, last one also about emails. Uh, so there is a feature in GHL that you can resend to those who don't open and you just enter in a different subject line. And after x amount of hours, um, it just sends the same email with a different subject line if they didn't open. Do have you used this before in any other softwares?

I've never used that, but I've done that. Okay. I've done that before. Yeah. And it works Cool.

It works cool. Sometimes people is is there an ideal time? Sorry. Yeah, sometimes people just don't, you know, they just, I try, I usually try to do it. Um, I found that it works.

So again, I do everything in 12 hour increments. So the, if I send an email at eight 30, the 8:30 PM email, I'll usually try a different angle or a variation. Or if I'm very lazy, I'll just do that. I'll just change the subject line, but I'll keep everything in the body exactly the same. Love it.

Love it. Okay, cool. Um, awesome. Thanks very much. I think every, everything got answered.

Um, one last thing. Do you know of anybody who does do, like, do you guys have an email deliverability guy or was it just built up over the years and now you're, you're set, I know you recommended the Kennedy guy last time, but is there someone just like, just for deliverability or Same guy? Same Guy. Cool. Yep, Same Guy.

Awesome. Thanks Paul. And, uh, real quick, so Khaled jump back. So Khaled, I just had a question for you about, uh, so, um, and you got a couple of comments here too. So James says, high level is a sub-account, a mail gun, um, right.

I knew that. I forgot about that. And Andy was talking about, uh, many people having deliverability issues mailing through GHL after authentication and warming up, sending domain. Um, but I just had a question 'cause I know Khaled like specializes in relationships with his like customers and subscribers and stuff like that. And so Khaled, have you found like a, a best way to like warm up an old list in terms of the frequency by which you email them?

How long it you take to warm them up? What you're sending in those emails? Are you asking questions? Are you sending them free stuff? Like you found any best practices to like reignite the relationship And you need it only by email?

First of all, good evening everybody. I'm sorry. Call. Good evening. Yeah, no problem.

Yeah. So, uh, you only need it, uh, Zach by email. What do you mean by email? Okay, so here, here is some, uh, like, uh, some practice I have done in the past and it worked very well with 800 people. Like, I wake them up very, very fast.

It was, uh, I believe four times type of a challenge, but it was like kind of support. I, I came up on Thursday, I emailed all of them and I told them, you know what, let me, let me just rebuild this relationship. Let me just connect with you guys. I'm gonna come up for the next four Thursdays and answer any question that you want in this exact area. Majority of them, they joined me on the first Thursday.

I'm sorry, Tuesday. It was Tuesdays. Yep. So if you, if you already build a relationship with them before and now it's not really as much, maybe the personal touch is what gonna wake them up very fast. If it's only by email, I have no answer for it.

I'm sorry. All good. All good. Yeah. Just by email, no community or calls or anything.

Okay. You don't, you don't wanna be, uh, yeah, you don't wanna be involved with them directly. Okay, I understand. Yeah. Yep.

Yeah, No problem. Yep. Cool. Any other questions? Uh, Zach, That's it.

Thank you guys. All of you. I think like everybody jumped in on that one. Love it. Thanks.

Cool. What's going on James? I think you popped up next. Ah, okay. Won't be able to talk, just here to listen in.

Okay, cool. Sounds good. Andy, what's going on man? Hey Paul, can you hear me? I can.

How are you buddy? Hey, good, how have you been? I'm good man. Excellent. Thanks for asking.

Yeah, no, awesome. Um, yeah, I didn't really have too many questions today. I mean, I've just been, uh, just trying to tie some things down, um, before I have a full squad of my family visiting from Cali in the next couple of weeks. So, um, but I think, uh, you mentioned in the past you guys did a offer workshop. I think I was listening to one of the recordings.

You guys had an offer workshop and then there was like a, um, like a, like a one-on-one like link that we could, uh, schedule a call with you to review the offer. Is that correct? Yeah, so it's basically, it's the offer, it's what you and I did in your campaign, but just the offer part of the campaign. Okay. Yeah.

So, but if you need me to look at your offer again Sure. I'm happy to do that with you. But that's basically, um, that's basically what it was. So, um, all of you guys actually, all of you went through the coaching with me. So what we do on the offer call is just basically it was that, but that, uh, just that, so no lead, no marketing argument, no unique mechanism.

It was just the offer. Oh, okay. Gotcha. Gotcha. Was there something that you wanted to change on the offer or was this for a different thing?

Uh, no, it was the same thing. I mean, the thing is, I think when we created our offer, it was based on like, um, I think at That time it was a call, right? Wasn't it a call? Well, you were bouncing back and forth between a masterclass and, uh, and uh, like an agency type of thing, right? If I remember correctly.

Correct. Yeah. Originally we, I did it based on like a masterclass, but then we transitioned it over to a call. Um, and, um, yeah, never really like fleshed that out, but yeah, I, I can, I don't have everything compiled, but can I email it over and then maybe we can talk about it if that's cool? Yeah, Man, for sure.

Okay, cool. Cool. Absolutely. Um, let me just, uh, Let me Pop My, um, lemme just pull up my link. Um, let's see here.

Where are we in November, right? Okay, so, uh, second, uh, why am I, uh, I'm having trouble pulling this up. All right. I'm gonna pop my link in the chat to my calendar. So just use the same one, the, the unique mechanism implementation session.

So when you're ready, just use that link and, uh, and we'll get it sorted. Okay, cool. And lemme see what I have. And I guess the last thing followed, like, i, it, in this, I'm mean, I've missed a couple weeks now, but in the scenario, if I have a question during that week, um, you, you said, I can just email you and then would, is that something you're just gonna go over during the call? And I, I, I can just catch the recording and you'll just answer it from there.

It depends, yeah. If it's, um, if it's something, if it's like a quick fix, simple answer, I'll respond in the email. If it takes a little bit, a while, a little while to explain it, but it's really just specific to you, then I'll shoot you a Loom video. But if it's something that I feel like everybody would get benefit from hearing me answer that question, then I'll answer it on the call. Um, and then yes, you can just watch the recording and I'll let you know, but I'll let you know either way, like which way I'm gonna respond to you.

Okay. Awesome. Uh, and then we would just send that to the, uh, the PJM digital email, is that correct? Yep. Okay, cool.

Yep. You can send it there, or you can send to Put them both in here. There's Also my, uh, I really should use, I should use the, uh, My professional email address, uh, which Is Paul At Funnel Automation, the longest URL in the history of the world, uh, marketing funnel automation.com. You could email me at either one of those. PJM digital is like linked up to all my calendars and stuff, so that's why I like to use that one.

But pull that marketing au uh, funnel automation. Uh, I don't really get any emails from there, so I'll probably catch them quicker if you send them there. Okay. But you could send to both. Okay.

Cool. Cool, man. Any other questions? Um, not right now. I'll, I'll stick on if I have any questions.

Uh, I'll definitely ask you. Okay, cool. Appreciate it. Hello, Khaled. Good evening again.

Good evening, sir. How are you? I'm good, man. It's good to see you. How is everybody, family?

Good. Very good. Very good week. Thank you for asking. How are you?

Okay, I'm happy to hear that. Awesome. Awesome. Yeah, I actually came just to see you say hi and hear some of your wisdom. I don't have a specific question, but I just came here to join you guys and be with you.

Gotcha. Okay, cool. So everybody's just here kind of to hang out tonight. Cool. So, um, I'm gonna share something with you guys, which I believe is, um, you know, you've heard us, you've heard Todd and I kind of talk about this before a lot in the past.

Um, but it's really truly like what we believe is the most important thing that you can do in your marketing, especially in today's day and age. Um, and so it's this, it's just this concept of differentiation. Um, like, and, and the reason why I share this with you guys is because like, even when Todd and I talk about, you know, launching a new campaign, a new product, a new service, a new offer, a new idea, Todd's question always to, to me is what's different about this? What's different about this? It sounds like, it sounds like this, it sounds like that, it sounds like this, it sounds like that, right?

And so it's, this is not only, I mean, everything that we share with you guys is stuff that we do in our own businesses, but I would say like, this is like really that thing that like, it's, it's really the thing that we live and die by, you know? So like for example, you know, the E five method is, is our core flagship approach to creating marketing campaigns designed to convert cold traffic, right? That being said, not every campaign that we launch is an E five campaign. So for example, when we launch campaigns to higher awareness audiences, like maybe people on our list, people that know us, right? We don't, we don't use E five campaigns necessarily in those types of, uh, for those types of, um, uh, audiences.

Just because some of those campaigns, they don't need a unique mechanism. They don't need a big idea, really. It's just like, here's what I got, here's what it'll do for you, here's where you why you should buy it now. And we kind of like really focus heavily on the offer and load up the benefits and all that kind of stuff. And so the reason why I share that is because even though the E five method is the core marketing strategy that we use, especially when it comes to problem aware people and converting cold traffic, there are times where we, we deviate and we use other things, right?

But in differentiation, I would say this is like really the thing that we very rarely ever deviate from. And so, um, and like, as you'll see in, in this training that I'm gonna share with you, like, we don't just differentiate like using the unique mechanism. There's like lots of different ways that you can, that you can differentiate, but like, the reason why you want to differentiate is like, obviously like the, the, the most obvious reason is that it helps you cut through the noise and get attention. But on an even deeper level than that, Todd talked about this the other night on this workshop that we did about, um, the unique mechanism. By the way, did any of you guys attend?

I didn't see any of you on there, did any of you, but I did shoot out an email to all the E five Alliance members letting them know about the workshop that we did. Did you guys get that email? Did you know about it? Maybe you sent it. I missed it.

I don't know. When was it, which date It Was? Yeah, pop. It was this past right? Tuesday.

Oh, Andy, you were on, right? No, um, no, I was trying to get on, but I, I couldn't get on unfortunately. But I saw the, uh, parts of the recording though. Gotcha. Okay.

Gimme one second. Let me just first pull up that link so that you guys have it, um, because I want you to, I want you to get that. Um, so let me just pop this in the chat. So this was the 10, um, mistakes that most marketers and business owners, um, make with their unique mechanisms. So it's just under two hours, um, that Todd went through this.

We did a little q and a at the end. Uh, but it was really insightful. It was like one of those, the way that I describe it is like, you know, in, in any area of life, when you have a person that's been doing something for so long and they've put in those like thousands of hours of mastery, they can see things, uh, they can see, um, they can see things that other people can't see. They, they see patterns, they see nuance. So like, you know, Andy, you know this like from training juujitsu, right?

Like, if you compare when you first started training Juujitsu to like where you are now in terms of like things that you can spot, or like, if you're watching like a UFC fight or a grappling match, like just the way that your pattern recognition system in your brain is just so much more sophisticated. And so, like, this is true of like every area in life, if you are like deeply passionate about music or you're deeply passionate about football or baseball or whatever it is, when you put such an immense amount of time, um, and exposure, when you have that like experience and ex repeated exposure to something, you begin to see patterns that the average person, even other experts don't necessarily see. And what Todd shared on this workshop was like a living, breathing example of his exposure and experience with the unique mechanism, because like, he just was, I mean, there were even things on there that he talked about that like, even I forgot about, and I'm the one doing these sessions with people all the time. Um, now of course, it, it, the context is a little different because we are creating unique mechanisms together. So I'm not really, these mistakes are kind of like, I'm al I already kind of have a filter that I'm going through to, to make sure that we don't, we don't, um, we don't make these mistakes.

Um, but still, you know, just the way he kind of like went in depth and shared like the, these, these, these mistakes that people make with them, it's gonna be super value for you guys, valuable for you guys, um, to watch that training. But the reason why I brought that up is because when we were talking about the unique mechanism, which is obviously one way to differentiate, like, you know, there's this idea that you differentiate in one way to get attention and to cut through the noise, but there's also something much deeper going on when you differentiate. And it has to do with the emotion of hope. So when people, when prospects engage with your campaign, especially if they are trying to avoid pain, if they're trying to move away from some sort of pain, um, something has to be different in order for them to move toward hope. See, hope is really the only thing that's gonna get them to take action and take out their credit card and do business with you if they don't truly believe and have a sense of hope that whatever you are promising this time is actually gonna work for them, they're not gonna take action, right?

So you could argue like that, the whole point of the campaign of getting specific on the promise and the mechanism and the marketing argument and the offer and all these things, you know, come together obviously to get them to take action. But really what it's designed to do is to give them hope. Because if we give them hope, they will take action, right? Without hope, they will never take action. If you have a person that is in pain and has tried everything, and they're exposed to your marketing message, and your marketing message does not give them hope, they will not take action.

So why is this important? Because differentiation is directly tied to hope. When you show somebody something different, it's like their brain automatically associates the fact that this is different. With that, uh, it gives them a reason to start becoming hopeful. And the more different, um, the more different you are to your competitors, the more hope you actually give them.

This was actually another thing that Todd talked about where, like, if you differentiate with a mechanism, um, completely differentiating is way more powerful than like, differentiating on like, just one thing. So like, if, if, if I had like a way to lose weight, and I would, and like, let's say my current prospects, they've already tried fasting and calorie counting and exercise, and then I tell them, yeah, well, my method involves calorie counting and, uh, fasting and exercise too, but it also involves this specific type of cardio that you do. So it's, I add this one extra thing to, to my mechanism, right? That the other, you know, the other people only have three things, and I have four things that is way less attractive than me telling you I have a completely different way for you to lose weight. That doesn't involve any of those four things that everyone else is using.

So the more different your thing is, the more different your messaging is, the more different your mechanism is, the more different your positioning is, the more likely your prospects are to become hopeful, right? What's Einstein's definition of insanity? Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. So they're, they're hardwired to understand that if they finally want a different result, something needs to be different. And the more different it is, the more likely they are to become hopeful.

The more hope they have, the more likely they are to buy from you. Make sense? Simple and straightforward. So this is why differentiation is so powerful, right? So what I'm gonna share with you today are six ways or six points of differentiation that you can leverage in your marketing.

So the first one is a different primary promise. Now, what I want you guys to understand is that, um, these are just six different options that you have. They're not hard and fast rules. They are just options. So many times when we create E five campaigns, we might be making like the same promise as our competitors.

The reason why we're making the same promise is because in an e in an e five campaign, you know, when we're, we're going through the examination phase, and we are researching competitors, especially competitors that are using paid traffic, uh, because we know if they're using paid traffic, most likely their campaigns are working well, if we see that they're making a similar promise, um, it's not necessarily a bad thing to make the same promise because, uh, we know that that promise is actually resonating with, um, with prospects. Where you would differentiate when you make the same promise is by providing a superior way to experience that result, right? Through the unique mechanism, and not just, not just showing them a better way, but showing them the best way to experience the result in the same promise. But another option that you have is to just make a completely different promise. So this is important because in order to do this, you have to keep your finger on the pulse of the market, and you have to know what they're hearing, what they're seeing, what they're being presented with by competitors.

So in both cases, like you're, you're always leveraging competitors. Are you gonna use the same promise or are you gonna make a different promise? But the core promise is that there's more than one promise you can make that taps into what your market wants. You've likely just become comfortable like making one promise over and over. But once the market hears that promise repeatedly, that's when it could be time to change.

So examples of promise shifts is like if someone promises more high tickets, shift to categories, consistency, speed, or cost. So instead of just more high ticket clients, it's daily predictable high ticket sales. If no one's addressing consistency, right? Uh, speed a surge of high ticket buyers in a short period of time, cost, acquire high ticket clients at half your current cost. So what I want you to understand is that we're still set, we're still solving the same problem.

It's the same problem, right? The problem is new clients, the, the, or a lack of new clients, or a lack of sales or a lack of customers. But it's just the way that we are framing the promise that changes. And the easiest way to think about how you want to reframe the promise is to just think about categories. And that's why, like, if you, if you look at variations of the promise that we use, um, in the E five method, so like the one here on the book, right?

The one on the book here is how this simple and unusual marketing method can deliver more new customers, clients, and profits in the next 60 days than most coaches, consultants, and experts see in an entire year. So it's a time-based promise. We're contrasting it against how long it, you know, how, how much more we can get them, um, versus like how long it would normally take them. Um, and it's, it's more new clients, customers and profits. That's one version of the promise.

Another version of the promise that we've used is never have another day with zero sales again. So I don't know if any of you have ever, um, I've certainly been there, you know, with, with, uh, with my info publishing business where I sell, uh, like lots of low ticket, um, products, that business really runs on volume, right? So when you're selling, when the majority of the things that you're selling are like between 17 and like $97, unless you run like a big promotional sale during the month, like a Black Friday sale or something like that, you pretty much wanna see sales coming in every day, right? Even if it's between like whatever, 300 to a thousand bucks a day in that lower ticket business model, you're looking for like a more consistent flow of sales coming in every day, right? Um, especially when you have lots of different products.

And so I've had days where there were no sales, and it's like a horrible feeling like to look at your stripe and see that nothing came in that day or that nothing came in in ClickFunnels. It's, it's a horrible feeling. Well, we know that, like we know that this is a pain point and a, a type of language that some of our prospects experience, right? And so we might shift a promise to that. And we have, we've, we've used that promise before.

We've also used, um, get new clients, customers and sales consistently and predictably from the coldest sources of traffic, right? So really leaning on the consistency thing. And I would say that like Todd was one of the first guru marketers that I saw, um, frame his promises around customer sales and consistency and predictability and speed versus like, where other gurus would always make, um, revenue-based promises. Now, I don't know if that's changed because of, you know, guidelines and stuff like that, but, um, but he was one of the first people that I saw make those types of promises, and they always resonated with me more than revenue based promises, especially like when I was just starting out, when someone would make a really crazy revenue based promise to me, it almost created a disconnect. Like, I, I would, I would have that feeling like, oh, that's too hard.

I don't have the resource to do that. He did that because he's smart and experienced, and he's a wizard marketer, but I'm, I'm not gonna be able to do that. You know, like classic Frank Kern, where he is like, man, you know, the craziest thing happened. I went on vacation with my family and I, I didn't even look at my phone. And when I came back, I realized I made a hundred thousand dollars, like almost by accident, right?

Those types of framing and promising never resonated with me. Consistent, predictable clients, customers, and sales in a short amount of time always resonated with me. Um, more so that's the way you should start thinking about how you wanna change your promise. Think about what category, um, do you wanna put it in? Make sense?

Cool. Um, so again, like if you're making the same promise as others, you're just giving prospects the ability to shop around. If there are other solutions making the same promise, they'll think this is $3,000, but I recall others making the same promise. Let me see if there's a cheaper option. People shop around for commodities.

Nobody pays $6 for gas when they can get the same gallon for $4 up the road. So always ask yourself, is there a single word in the promise that triggers, I've seen this before, that becomes a red flag that makes you appear as one of many rather, uh, rather than unique. So that's just a, a little thing to think about. The second one, we, we've beaten this to death, so I'm not gonna spend too much time on this, but it's the different mechanism. It's how your product works to deliver the result.

This is the most important aspect of marketing today and saturated in competitive markets. I would say that this is, this is by far, in my opinion, the most important marketing tactic strategy, especially in today's day and age. But I, I don't know, let me ask you guys, right? As business owners, like for me, even when I was kind of like a novice marketer and I was just like, um, I really only knew copywriting and I was just starting to learn about marketing and copywriting and how persuasion works and all that kind of stuff, to me though, the, the, the, the mechanism resonated with me right away. Like, e even though there were lots of different things that I still didn't understand, the mechanism immediately made sense to me.

Like when I understood that I need to show how my product or service works differently to provide a result to my prospects like that, that just made sense to me as a business owner and as a marketer, even before I really understood the depth and the nuance of the mechanism. Did, do you guys feel the same way? Like, did, did, did when you under, when you first were exposed to the idea of a mechanism and a unique mechanism, did that resonate with you? Like immediately Khaled? I would say this is the top thing that made me, uh, resonate as a matter of fact.

It's, it's, it's, it's a major thing and I believe it is the major differentiator, Paul. Got it. Okay. What about you, Andy? Yeah, no, same when I heard about the mechanism, and then I think Todd speaking about the unique mechanism, I mean, how deep you went, uh, made a huge difference in understanding it.

But even if someone uses, you know, like you see people use mechanisms, but they're like more like just naming conventions, really just to kind of peak curiosity. I mean, that still kind of, I think, does something, but not at, you know, not to the level of like how Todd talks about it and the way you guys talk about it with the E five, but, um, it made, it made a lot of sense when I first heard about it for sure, though. Yeah. Cool. Um, yeah, it did to me too.

Like, I, I just, I just understood that almost intuitively and I was fascinated by it. Um, so what makes a strong mechanism, uh, easier to get results with, so easier, faster, um, most important thing has a rock solid argument. Addressing shortcomings of other mechanisms demonstrates why someone can expect superior results using this approach over all others. So you'll see in the workshop where Todd goes over these top 10 mistakes. I would say that the biggest mistake is probably this one, is not having an airtight logical and emotional marketing argument proving why the mechanism is superior.

And I see this like running rampant because I'm a member of a lot of different marketing forums and Facebook groups and, you know, there are a lot of people out there that are talking about the unique mechanism. The reality is Todd is the original source on the unique mechanism. So the term mechanism, um, first came from, from this book, um, if you guys don't have this book, get It, breakthrough Advertising by Jean Schwartz, amazing book, arguably the best direct response marketing book ever written. Um, and so and so Eugene Schwartz, in that book, he talks about the concept of the mechanism. Todd was the first person to really talk about the unique mechanism.

Uh, he was definitely the first person that I heard talk about it online. And then lots of other people started becoming enamored by it. And they just thought that, well, if I just slap a fancy sounding name on my, you know, on my product. So first of all, many of them don't even distinguish the difference between the mechanism and the product. They don't understand that the mechanism is the thing that powers the product.

And that the real way to talk about the me the real way to, to, uh, edu to use education based marketing is to educate them about the differentiation and superiority of the mechanism without talking about the product. Sell them, so to speak on the mechanism, convince them that the mechanism is the best, and then show them how they get the mechanism in the product because the product is powered by the mechanism. Most of them don't even do that. They just slap a, uh, what they think is a cool sounding name on their product, um, and try to pawn it off as their mechanism. But what they don't have is an airtight logical and emotional marketing argument that proves the superiority of that mechanism.

Realize that without that argument, all you have is a name. That's all you have. So just think of how ludicrous it is to think that you are expecting a prospect to reach into their pocket and pull out their credit card and spend money with you. And the reason why, the reason that you are giving them for doing that is by saying, well, I haven't, the name of my product sounds different than everybody else's, but I have nothing to prove why it's different, why it's better, why it's superior, why it produces better results, why it's easier to use, um, why it's more consistent, why it's more predictable, none of that. And so gotta have that rock solid, uh, air airtight and emotional argument behind the mechanism.

You guys already know this. Um, in markets like online coaching and marketing, everybody has a mechanism now. So sometimes just having a unique mechanism, even though it's the most powerful aspect, when done correctly, isn't enough to differentiate. You need to think about the mechanism and how you'll present it with a promise that is not viewed as more of the same. So it's almost like we talk about this, uh, idea of like creating a brand new, um, category or, or creating a brand new opportunity.

Um, there's a book out now that Russell Brunson republished of Dan Kennedy's years ago called The New Selling Opportunity, which is all about this, right? But essentially, when you combine a unique mechanism with a different promise, this is kind of how you get to what we're talking about here. So instead of saying like, I have ai, right? And all my competitors have ai, but my AI is better, you create a different category, which is what John Benson, the creator of the VSL, who was in our, um, top one mastermind, he created his, um, you know, his, uh, AI copywriting software, but instead of just calling it an AI copywriting software, right? He said, this is Benson, this is a completely different type of technology, and it's built, it's, it's built on something called prompt less ai, right?

So prompt less AI is not ai, it's a completely different type of ai. So that's how he was positioning it to be, uh, uh, to go from an apples to oranges strategy. Um, right? Same thing like what we did with E five better copywriting or an improved campaign. Forget the typical way you've been designing, um, campaigns.

There's a new way called the E five method that creates a unique type of campaign for consistent, predictable acquisition of buyers every single day. So again, you're not saying I'm the same, just better, right? You're saying I'm different and superior. That, again, that might seem like a nuance, but it's not. It's critical.

You want to compete on being different first, and then from that difference, show superiority different, gets attention and creates that hope that we talked about. But ultimately, what your prospects care about is superiority. So it's the superiority that gets them to take action. Make sense? Cool.

Next way to differentiate is through a different hook or big idea. So again, the big idea that you know, you guys already know is it's a device to capture attention, something both intellectually interesting and emotionally compelling. It's not just a clickbait headline. What makes, uh, a really good, big idea work is if it's new, fresh, and timely. Um, if it's a different story angle or perspective, um, sometimes if, if, if appropriate, if it's contrarian or controversial, um, something that feels newsworthy, like something you'd pass on to others.

And this is like the way that I, I, I kind of like, I run everything through this makes people say, I've never heard this perspective before. And so the way that I, I like to talk about the big idea. Um, I've really, really tried over the, you know, the last four years to think of so many ways to simplify this big idea, um, concept. And the reason why is because in working with dozens of clients, I have found that the big idea is like the most confusing part of the campaign to most of my clients. Um, and, you know, a a few years ago we did this event in, um, in Florida called Copy Legends.

So basically, Todd had like 20 of the top copywriters in the world come down for a day, and the objective was he was gonna film the whole thing and really just get like, the meat and potatoes and the secrets and all the latest, greatest tactics and strategies that these copywriters are using when it comes to like all of these different, uh, aspects of copy, like what they're doing for research, how they're generating big ideas, what they're doing for, um, offers, like how they're writing headlines, right? Blah, blah, blah. And when it came to the big idea, what I noticed instantly was that like everybody in that room had a slightly different opinion of what the big idea actually was. And these were like, you know, there was like probably a hundred million dollars worth of copy more, more because the guys from Performance Golf were there, um, who Todd, you know, consults with them, and they do over a hundred million dollars a year alone. So we're talking about like ridiculous amounts of money, uh, generated through copy in this one room.

And yet, you know, all these guys had slightly different versions of like, what the big idea was. And so, like, the way that I, and so what that alerted me to, I was like, man, if these expert copywriters have like a different idea of what the big idea is, it's not hard to understand why a business owner or a marketer who's not really even that deep into this stuff would be confused by it. What, the way that I explain this is all you're doing is you are changing the perspective of the prospect, and you are creating an awareness in them that there's a way to solve this problem that I would've never thought was possible, or that I never knew about, or that would have never occurred to me, right? That to me is the core of what the big idea is. Yes, intellectually interesting, emotionally compelling, yes.

If it's new, freshly timely, all that kind, all this stuff is great. Ultimately, what I'm trying to instill in the prospect is that there is, that they now have this awareness. I've shared something with them that makes them say, wow, man, I never thought, it never occurred to me that I could solve the problem that way. That's ultimately what I'm trying to do with the big idea. Now, a lot of people confuse clickbait headlines with big ideas.

A clickbait headline is not a big idea. Big ideas may sometimes be communicated in ways that feel like clickbait, but merely having a clickbait headline is not a big idea. Um, behind every campaign is an idea, right? So I, I've said this before, behind every form of communication, there's an idea, right? Like the, what I'm doing right now with you guys is I'm trying to, uh, convey an idea that there are six different ways that you can differentiate in your marketing, right?

When you talk to your husband or your wife or your kids, all form of communication is really conveying an idea. Sometimes it's a, an ordinary idea. Sometimes it's an extraordinary idea. Sometimes it's a plain, sometimes it's a boring idea. But we're always conveying an idea.

The headline is not the idea. The headline is an, is the expression of the idea. So what you're looking for is that intellectually interesting and emotionally compelling idea that feels new and different. So there are lots of different ways to get there. You guys have access to the big idea, GPT, which I've loaded up with all the different frameworks, um, that I use, and that that's a, that's an ongoing process.

You know, sometimes I think of a new framework, I'll add it in there. Um, but it's a constantly evolving thing of, again, like if I'm just trying to change the perspective of the prospect by creating a new awareness, there's lots of different ways I could do it. So whenever a new one occurs to me, I just kind of add it there. But like, these are some basic, um, versions, right? So you have Warren Buffett's trades.

So the ordinary idea, uh, by the way, uh, really the technique that I'm talking about here is shifting from the ordinary idea to the extraordinary idea through connections. So I wanna be clear on something, right? I have found that the easiest way to come up with a big idea is to start with the ordinary idea. Meaning, like, what's the, what's the basic simple idea that you're trying to convey here, right? In your marketing campaign?

Like, what do, what ultimately, like what are you trying to tell me? Forget about, forget about your, your copy and your headlines. Forget about all that. What are you trying to tell me? What, what's the backbone of this whole thing that you're sharing with me?

Right? Um, and so, like, you know, Andy's idea is, um, was it Andy, the attribution, remind me again of what the term is first party Attribution. Um, the, uh, zero party data. Zero party data, right? So zero party data, right?

And so the idea, explain the idea, uh, Andy, if you don't mind in in just like a sentence or two of like why your approach is different and, and how, how the zero party data relates to that. Well, it's by capturing zero party data. I mean, that's the initial like, I guess entry point where we can start personalizing the, um, well in this sense, the, you know, the welcome series. Um, but through that whole like, purchase. But I think the, the unique mechanism that we had was the lifecycle sequencing, where we capture the zero party data and flows through based on what they select to the welcome series to post, post purchase.

And, um, it's just a more personalized journey that creates, uh, better customer experience and a higher probability of them becoming a, you know, going from a first to a second purchase. Yep. Cool. Callen, explain your idea behind, uh, behind, you know, I know you have a couple of different offers, but explain one of the ideas behind one of them. What's the simple, basic idea behind it?

Yeah. If you move to a, a EU dashboard, every single step in your journey is basically a unique mechanism. It's just so unique, a way to way to approach, uh, whatever market you are doing. Yeah, Perfect. And James' idea is basically that your, uh, you know, your accountant is not, um, I forgot how he explained it, but you know, your, your accountant is basically not a tax strategist.

Uh, you know, he's just basically, you know, filling out forms for you, so to speak. And he's not gonna, he's not not out there looking for the latest, greatest, uh, and he's not aware of the latest, greatest, you know, tax strategies and, and, and stuff like that. Um, so behind all of these, right, there's a basic simple idea. I always start with that, and then I build from there. One of the mistakes that I see people make is they try to do the opposite.

They try to start with an extraordinary idea. They try to automatically jump to this big extraordinary idea. And in the process, um, what they wind up doing is some coming up with something that's really like bs. It's not really the real idea, it's sounds too farfetched. They start moving further and further away from like the, the core concept of what the campaign is actually about.

And so I like to just start with getting clarity on what's the ordinary idea that I'm trying to convey here. So, ordinary idea. You can see what stocks Warren Buffett buys it's public knowledge via quarterly filings, right? So now the question, this is just one way to do it, is ask, what is this like? And that will bring you to like, almost like an analogy or a metaphor.

Well, it's like reading his mind, cheating, wire tapping. So the extraordinary idea is that you're legally wiretapping Warren Buffett's phone to know what trades he's making when he makes them. Why this works. It makes you feel like you're getting access to information. You shouldn't have options trading.

You can gain benefit from stocks without owning them through contracts. That's a dud. It's not compelling, right? So we need a different way to talk about that, that hasn't been said before. I've talked about this one before, right?

The Reebok pump, uh, and Nike Air. Nike Air in your sneaker helps you jump higher. That was new at the time. Reebok came along, said, air is cool, but controlling the amount of air is even better. Both use the basic concept, but they frame it differently.

Um, air fryer, right? Mini convection oven that reheats food fast. Used in com. Commercial kitchens forever. Extraordinary ideas that you could fry food using air.

So you could all the taste and texture of fried food, but without, uh, the health risks, right? And like in the options example, I don't, I don't have it here, but the extraordinary idea that we did there was, um, we had, uh, it was called institutional shadowing, where basically you can ride along and shadow with the big institutions are doing in terms of like how they make their trades, because big institutions aren't stupid. And there's a reason why they have so much money. 'cause they know how to make smart trades. And so we basically, uh, the, the, the owner of that product, he uncovered like a, a a little known secret strategy that enabled you to kind of piggyback on the big institutions and how they execute trades.

And so the idea and the mechanism behind that was this idea of institutional shadowing. So the connection method is basically if everyone's using the same angle and now it's saturated, like multiple sneaker companies with air technology, you find connections to add credibility. So does NASA use air chambers and rockets to propel them faster? If yes, NASA discovered technology power sneakers. So you can jump higher, right?

Is, is, is, this is a different way to talk about the same underlying benefit, right? Um, my buddy Kyle Milligan, who was a, um, a copywriter for Agora, uh, financial, financial, these are some of the, the ones that he's done. The shadow blitz. This was a $15 million promotion. So the ordinary idea is that scanning device alerts when someone buys all options at the same time, at the same price across multiple markets at once.

Why do they do that while they do that? Because they probably know something sounds sneaky like a Blitzkrieg attack. Combined shadow, which is the sneaky insider info with the blitz, right? A fast rush tactic and created this idea called the shadow blitz. Also the swarm.

The ordinary idea is that hedge funds accumulate stock positions slowly to hide their trades. What does that look like? Millions of people chasing money equals a swarm of bees. When the swarm moves, you can get rich, right? So just again, kind of creating that metaphor or analogy.

So you start with the ordinary idea. You ask what it's like, you visualize it in your head, what does it look like in your head? And then you find connections to make it feel new, compelling, and newsworthy. Now, the good news is like we used to have to do all this manually. Now, you could just do it with AI right now.

You could just load, you could load your ordinary idea up into ai and you could either use, uh, my big idea or our big idea, or even if you didn't want to do that, you could just load this up into chat GPT and ask it. Say like, f find me. Uh, what is the reason why someone would've want to do this? Help me find connections. What is this?

Like, compare this to something, um, in a completely unrelated field. So that, and, and help me draw a, a, a relation between them. Help me come up with a metaphor. Help me come up with an analogy. Um, it's, it's that easy.

Now, sometimes if you're early enough in a market, the ordinary idea can be the big idea, right? So again, like when Nike first introduced air in the soul of the sneaker, they didn't, that was the big idea. 'cause no one ever talked about it before, right? So going back to like, um, knew new, fresh, timely, different contrarian, controversial, newsworthy, right? I never would've considered this before.

Well, but think about it. If no one ever has said it before, then it actually is new. It is timely, it is different. It probably is contrarian or controversial. So if your idea truly is the first of its kind, then that is your big idea.

Make sense? Yes. Cool. Next is different words and phrases. So the key to this is to be aware of and sensitive to words and phrases that are now commoditized in your market.

So the idea here is that it's not the word that motivates prospects, it's the underlying idea. So take that underlying idea and find a different word or phrase to communicate it. Don't say the same thing as everyone else, right? So this kind of goes back to the promise, like talking about, uh, what we, what we talked about earlier is like when we talk about the promise up here of consistency, speed, and cost. So in consistency, the way we're framing the promise is daily, predictable, high ticket sales, or a surge of high ticket buyers in a short amount of time.

Or acquire high ticket clients at half your current cost. If you notice, again, like I said before, we're still addressing the same problem, which is a lack of clients or a lack of customers. What we're doing though, is by reframing the promise and changing it, really, we're just using different words. Now, of course, we're putting the promise into a different category right? Here.

The category is consistency. Here at speed, here it's cost. But ultimately, like what we're doing is we're changing the words, right? And so that's exactly what this is about. This is about if you have commoditized language, like scale your business.

If everyone's using scale, try to use grow, multiply, or expand instead. Todd is a master at this. If you look at, if you look at enough of Todd's campaigns, you will see terms and words that are very common to Todd, but not common to other people. So one word that's common to Todd is monster, monster sales, right? Basically what he's saying is, BAA huge amount of sales, right?

I don't, I don't, I've never heard anybody use that term. Um, he'll use another term, help your business grow like a weed. Never heard anybody else use that term. Um, there was one more that just popped into my head. Simple word.

Produce. Produce. So instead of like saying generate new sales or achieve double digit conversions, he uses the word produce, right? This campaign will produce consistent and predictable sales. This offer will produce double digit conversions.

This is like really important because it's a nuance that like, consciously, you don't think about it, but you see, like I, those words that he uses resonate with me. Number one, just because I, Todd is very good at picking the right words. Like he's, he's very good at articulation, so he's good at picking. Like, sometimes I'll write a headline and I'll show it to him, and he'll, he'll freaking rip it apart and he'll be like, boom, boom, boom. And he will rewrite the headline.

Now, listen, the truth is sometimes my headlines beat his headlines even when he changes them. So I'm just gonna put that out there. Sometimes Todd, you know, rips apart a headline of mine, but then my headline beats his. But my point is that every time he does that, it's a lesson for me because it does open my mind and my brain to not being lazy and just using these like, very familiar, commoditized words that every, it just, it's a subtle change, but it, these types of words when you change them, especially if you make them, um, specific to you and your business. So there's a great book that we recommend people to get.

It's called The Proverb Effect by that book. That book is all about this. It's about coming up with memorable sayings and phrases that are unique to you and your business, uh, that make you stand out and make you memorable. The proverb effect. Um, and that's ultimately like what we're doing here, right?

So customer acquisition, if, if people use that word, right, find a different way to say it. The reason why there's no example here is because we're the ones that use customer acquisition more than most other marketers, uh, powered by ai. Again, this becomes meaningless. Create a, a unique proprietary name like we talked about earlier, which was, uh, Benson rather than, you know, a simple AI tool. Um, you know, I've even, so we've been releasing, um, we've been releasing some of the AI tools, some of the GPTs that I've created.

We're now, we're, we're now developing like standalone marketing campaigns that sell those gpt individually. And now I'm not even using the term GT when I describe the tool, I'm not even putting that in there, even though it is A GPT. And even though most of the prospects know that it's a GPT, I'm not using that. I'm not using that term in, in, in, in the way that I talk about it. Uh, TD Ameritrade example, if you say powered by wealth charts, ai, go check TD Ameritrade, they probably say powered by AI too.

So does Schwab. So does everyone else. Eventually they'll all be powered by ai. So instead, this isn't ai, this isn't nearly ai, right? This is Benson.

And the difference between typical AI is that Benson does X, Y, Z and it's based on a proprietary algorithm, et cetera, et cetera, right? It works based on promptly ai, um, create that apples to apples comparison. So you, again, you have to keep your finger on the pulse of the market. You gotta ask yourself, how often do I see this word being used? Is this the word?

Uh, in the majority of campaigns I'd be competing with, if I use this word now, will I appear as, as, uh, one among many options? And you know, like something I wanna say too, guys, is like, there are lots of things you could use AI for. This is probably not one of them. This is one of those things that like, I mean, I guess you could, but I feel like there are certain parts of running a business or understanding marketing that really only, it's like a level of knowledge, like kind of what I talked about before, how Todd has that deep level of knowledge on the unique mechanisms. So he's able to see patterns and nuances and draw connections in things and identify mistakes that most people including in ai.

Like there's no way chat GPT would be able to identify all these mistakes that he talked about in that training that just comes with repeated exposure and experience. That's like, earn the hard way. And like, I would argue that like a lot of this comes from that. It just comes from, you've been in this market for so long, you've dealt with so many of these prospects, you've dealt with so many of these customers like Khaled, you know this, right? Like, you know that you understand that there's a language that your prospects use, right?

You probably know all of those different words. You have them tattooed on your brain at this point. Am I right? Totally, totally amazing today, by the way. Thank you.

Yeah. So it, it's like, these are just kind of like, it really just comes with keeping your, your, your finger on the pulse of the market. Um, sometimes words start fresh and, uh, they trigger feelings of hype in the market. So surge of buyers, right? If everyone's saying surge, find a different word.

Uh, you know, this, this idea of, oh, we'll run all your campaigns and if you don't make any money, uh, you know, we'll get you three times roas or you don't pay, right? Everyone's saying that, or you don't pay. Um, you know, immediately what's the prospect thinking? Yeah, everybody tells me I won't pay. Everybody's saying the same thing, right?

It's, there's nothing new. There's nothing different. There's not, there's no reason for me to really even continue giving you my attention. This is an interesting story about John Maxwell. So John Maxwell is a, a self-help author, and he's also like a pastor.

And he was telling a, a story, I think in like one of his, um, one of his speeches, um, one of his sermons in the church. And he was telling a story about taking his wife to McDonald's on their first date decades ago. And he mentioned ordering a diet Coke. And the listener immediately thought, wait, when did Diet Coke come out? And they Googled it, and what they realized is that Diet Coke didn't exist back then.

So it was, it all it was, was a mistake. Like he just probably didn't remember that he probably ordered a regular Coke, or maybe he got the timeline mixed up or whatever. It's, but the point is, is that prospects will do this. They will evaluate your claims, like you might say things, something in a marketing campaign, and if it's not right or you phrase it incorrectly and they go double check it, sometimes that one off mark can kill your entire credibility. That one slip made the listener, um, question if anything else was wrong, right?

Because realize, prospects are already starting from a place of skepticism. So if you show them that you made a mistake on one thing, they're gonna be wondering, well, how many more mistakes is this guy making? How many other things is he wrong about how many other things is he's telling me right now that are actually incorrect? And this is why you have to be sensitive to proof and evidence, not making claims. You can't back up not using exaggerated, over the top language and not using overplayed words that trigger skepticism.

Even verb choice matters. So don't say things the exact same way they're always said in the marketplace. Find different verbs, different phrasing, anything to avoid sounding like everyone else. So this is a real world example. This is from a client of ours, uh, thought Leaders Institute.

And, um, their, their, uh, promise at that time was how we scale evergreen high ticket group coaching programs without sales calls. And it could be just as simple as changing one word, like how we sell evergreen high ticket group coaching programs without sales calls, right? So if the underlying promise isn't overplayed, yes, it could be that simple. Just removing scale eliminates the trigger word in that scenario. Next is a different format.

So change how you deliver your message. So not just what you say, the format itself becomes part of a differentiation. So the safety trap here is that most people migrate toward what everyone else is doing because there's a feeling of safety. But what most, uh, what most everybody else is doing brings you the results most everyone else is getting. So breakthroughs don't come from following the herd.

So an example of, uh, format changes is, um, you know, the E five bootcamp invitation. So the problem is, if we send an email to popular marketers, uh, they get email every, you know, emails every day about tons of stuff. So if we show up with an email, it doesn't feel like, um, a breakthrough or something special. So this is when Todd, um, when Todd first launched the E five method. Now this, this just goes to show you like the depth of thought that he puts into, um, the strategy, right?

So what he wanted to do was he wanted a bunch of a-list marketers to promote the E five method, because he knew that it was his life's work. And he finally created like bar none the best way to create marketing campaigns that generate consistent and predictable online sales. He knew this thing was gonna be a game changer, and he knew that it would be valuable to other marketers, um, audiences and to their email lists. But he didn't wanna just email a bunch of them and ask them to promote just because number one, he didn't wanna show up like everyone else. And then number two was like he, he, Todd doesn't like asking for things without first providing something, right?

He likes to give first. So what he did was he created a box with the E five logo etched in it, covered in satin open with ri ribbons. Like each invitation I think was like $35 or something like that. And just from the format he showed up differently, then what did he do? He got all these marketers to show up.

He taught them the E five method, they were blown away by it. And then when it was over, he just asked each one of them, um, what they thought about it, like what were their thoughts on it? And the person gave their thoughts about how great they thought it was. And then he asked them if they would be interested in promoting it. So now there's commitment and consistency there.

Like, if I just got done talking about how great this thing is, why would I say no when you ask me to promote it? So, um, Agora Financial, when they launched copy school, they didn't just want a VSL, uh, um, um, sorry, Todd did not want just a VSL or a long form sales letter of the same format. So he created a narrative lesson series, long form storytelling with pictures, audio, multiple parts, right? So what this was, was Todd basically went to the Agora headquarters and was able to film and document their entire copywriting training process and how they take brand new copywriters with zero experience and train them in 60 days to write home run campaigns, some of them that generate over seven figures. So he basically documented the whole thing.

And so that's the format, right? The swipe file that we offer, right? This was a collection of like 15 years worth of swipes that Todd collected, right? The format, completely different. Copy legends.

Get a bunch of copywriters in a room, get them to share their secrets, film the whole thing, different, different format changes. The AI apprentice thing that we did, I could have just as easily sat in front of the computer and recorded that whole thing and then boom, that would've been the product. No. Instead, we did it as a live training, right? It was way more fun for me to do it that way.

Like, you know, each one of those, we did 15, no 12 calls, each call was 90 minutes each. So that was like, what, 15 hours worth of material. Man, if I had to sit in front of this computer for 15 hours to make a a course, which I have done in the past, it's not fun. But doing it that way was so much more fun for me. The time flew by, I didn't have to worry about editing and, you know, all this post-production stuff that you normally have to do when you make a course to polish it.

So there was that part of it, but it was also just presented completely differently, right? Everyone got to jump on with us live every week and see me mentoring Todd, and they were along for the ride. So different, completely different, um, packaging and some more format Examples are the VSL discovery at Agora. So when they first discovered the VSL format, that was a complete game changer, um, for them, right? VSLs are, you know, they're, they've been seen millions of times at this point, but for them it was a game changer.

Our buddy Joel iWay, right? He created something called the Info Cast, which was basically a change in format, still video medium, but different format instead of a, it's not a webinar, it's not a VSL, it's an interview style presentation. Um, steal our winners, right? Rich Sherin, basically it's like Netflix, but for direct response marketing, right? And he just took, uh, two people talking about one of the episodes and then he split it up and delivered it over a week.

And so just a different format of presenting the same episode content. And so the underlying psychology of part of stand, part of standing out is showing up different and feeling different. So if everyone produces VSLs and you produce a VSL just from one format alone, you'll appear the same. So you use this when you want to communicate, this is something different. The format itself becomes part of that message.

And then the last one, and arguably probably the most powerful one, is to create a different product category. So you change the category of where your product is positioned. Either become the first in a new category or move to a far less competitive one. So the E five method started out as, uh, a coaching program, right? Which was one of dozens in a crowded market.

Then we changed it to a done with you service. And this created differentiation through category change, right? Um, if you're looking for a coaching program to learn better marketing, that's a dime a dozen. This isn't a course you'll study on your own. This isn't a coaching program, it's a done with you service, right?

And then we kind of evolved it from there. It's done with you with a combination of AI tools and you're gonna get access to those tools. So it's a new, it's a new category, right? Um, and so here's the competitive math. If there are dozens of coaching programs, you're one of many change framing done for you where only a handful exist.

Now you can contrast against coaching programs and you're one of only a few options instead of dozens. So how to think about categories. Sometimes the category could be one where you're the first, so you're literally creating a new category or one that's just far less competitive, so you're repositioned into an existing but uncrowded category. And this basically allows you to own a unique position in the market rather than fighting for a share in an overcrowded space. Another great book, the book positioning written by, um, Jack Trout, and I forget the other guy's name, but excellent book to read was written many years ago.

I read it and reread it, um, from time to time. And so key principle is layering differentiation. These six points can be layered on top of each other. You don't have to pick just one. You can combine multiple points of differentiation to create even stronger market positioning.

So the ultimate question is, how do you expect to have a breakthrough in a marketplace? If you're saying what everyone else is saying, promising what everyone else is promising, offering what aligns what everyone else following what everyone else is doing. And again, guys, I'm telling you, I'm sharing this from the heart. When Todd and I sit down and we talk about a new idea, a new product, a new service, a new offer, a new venture, these are all the questions that he asks me, how's this different? It sounds like what everyone else is saying.

It sounds like we're promising what everyone else is promising. How can it be different? Where can we differentiate? So again, breakthroughs, they don't come from modeling the same. They come from breakthroughs.

So remember, you're not competing on being better. You're competing on being different. And that difference is what makes you superior. Always think different first, but then from that difference demonstrates superiority. Make sense?

Yes. Amazing. Yeah. That's so good, man. Cole, any questions?

Well, I have a feedback. It is not, it's just supporting the point, which is I believe, mark, my word, I believe 2026 is all about positioning, uh, messaging and differentiation. Like these three are going to be, to become the trend. It seems like it, it seems like the trend is going that way. So this is very nice to hear it from now.

I actually, I'm, I'm, I'm even building a valuation system so people can, uh, position the right way. So I I'm so happy that I heard that from you. Yeah, I agree with you. I think it's gonna become, um, more important now than ever. Yep.

And I, and I, I think another thing that's gonna, I think another thing just for, you know, for my 2 cents mm-hmm. I think that as we start moving more and more towards ai, right? We're gonna have lots of different, um, businesses and models that are working now that are gonna become obsolete. They're gonna be replaced by ai. But I believe that in certain contexts, human connection is gonna become even more stronger and more desirable because in certain contexts, I think people are gonna be tired of talking to a computer all day long.

Right? And these are conversations I have with Todd all the time as well. Like, there, there are certain desires that are built into us as humans that AI can't replace. So first one is bragging sharing, right? Want wanting recognition that AI can't give you that.

Yeah. Right? Um, sharing wins, getting actual feedback from a human being that has done what you are trying to do, right? Totally. Um, giving you permission, right?

Ka you know this, a lot of times people know what to do, but they want somebody to give them permission to say, yes, go do it. Yeah. Right? Another one, the feeling of safety in numbers. People, people feel safer in numbers, which is why I believe community, um, I think community in certain aspects is going to become even more stronger and more relevant as we start moving deeper into the AI stuff.

Yep. Can I give a feedback here if you don't mind? Sure. Like every time, like, um, I, I really appreciate you, like, and I appreciate your knowledge a lot. So when I come to an idea and you just to speak about it, which is kind of the permission that you said, I just feel happy that, you know what, whatever I was really building, it came up from this giant over here.

So I'm, I'm so happy that it's kind of validating without even me asking the question right now. Uh, I'm gonna just add one more point, which has got me. So thinking so much during this week, I've been trying to move away because, because of my own situation, I've been trying to move away from, uh, getting in in, uh, what we call it in, uh, touch point with people and make it like seamless sales. But realizing this point that you just mentioned, that people wanted to talk to somebody, and I see it coming, I realized that, you know what these calls that you are holding, like this offer that people gonna jump, jump into calls with you, let's say like, uh, booking the calendar with you one-on-one, people gonna can evaluate even more and more over time. Like as 2026 come, come over and they just get bored from a lot of ai.

And I think if I, like, one of the differentiation points that I wanted to write it from now is how I'm gonna get some time back into my calendar. So I make an offer that based on calls, one on one calls, it doesn't matter right now, like what is the price point, because we can increase that later on. But I think it's so important that we have, uh, one-on-one or one, uh, uh, inside the group, let's call it. Or, or like, uh, community other thing. The Other thing that you have to remember, callard though, just because, uh, of your unique situation with the traveling and all that stuff is yeah, remember there's two parts to the community.

There's me, but then there's also you and all of your, all of your fellow marketers and business owners. So theoretically you could start your community with just them, right? You could have a discord or something like that where you pop in there from time to time, but don't discount the value of the fact of they all have the opportunity to interact with each other and communicate with each other as well. That's a big part of, of community. Yes, totally.

Thank you for for reinforcing the point. Yes. I believe I have something called community system that I wanted to do it, but I'm highlighting the point with your calls, like what is the conversion? Not just the conversion, the growth on you on the calls that we have done with you, the coaching calls that like we all, I believe everybody here already know the E five method, but it's totally different level when we get into the calls with you and start really putting us back on track and you help us with these small things. Like it's so, like regardless the framework, these calls are the most valuable thing that I have done so far in 2025.

Like, you have no idea how much I appreciate these calls, right? So I've been like, here is a question for you, please. What about these calls as comparison to all of the other offers that you have, how was it like in 2025, these calls that you have done with us, like me and everybody else in the group and a lot of other customers, the growth on that part, the, uh, uh, uh, what we call it, uh, even the retention that you got, uh, from, from that client, do you think it's way more valuable to the client, more than these other products? That they just go into a self-based offer and learn from it or survey course? Yeah, I think it depends on where they are in their journey.

Um, yeah, I think it depends on where they are in their journey. And I think that's true. I think that's true of almost any market or niche. So I'll give you an example. Yes.

So I love electronic music, right? Mm-hmm. I, I've loved it for, you know, for the past 20, 25 years. And going back to like what I was saying before about when you've been exposed to something for such a long time, right? So my ear is trained at this point.

When I listen to this music, I don't hear this the like everyone else does. My ear hears the nuances in the baselines and the keys and the drums and all of these different things that fascinate me. And so I've always wanted to learn how to produce this kind of music, like how to make the music. But I've bought different, um, like softwares to use and every time I'm, I open them up, it's overwhelming. There's just too many things on, on there and I don't know where to start.

And I bought courses trying to go through the courses, and the other day I came across a YouTube video of this kid and basically he was showing his approach to how he makes melodies, how he builds melodies. And it was so simple and so intuitive the way that he was explaining it. He wasn't talking about music theory and all this complicated stuff. He was just talking about, listen, listen to how this sounds, listen to how this sounds, and if I do this, blah, blah. And I was like, oh man, this, like, the way he's teaching this, like, it really resonates with me.

So he makes an offer, he's like, if you wanna have a coaching program, go click on my, on the thing and schedule a call. So I'm like, okay, I'm gonna schedule a call with this guy. So I scheduled a call with him and basically, you know, we had a conversation and he said to me, you know, where are you now? And I said, I'm, I'm complete newbie. Like I've never even made a track or anything like that.

And so he told me, he said, okay, so the coaching probably isn't the best thing for you right now because based on the way his coaching program works is you have to have some knowledge of how to get in there and make a track. And then a lot of it is him giving feedback and showing you how you could make the track better ideas of what you can do. And you, so you have to have a starting point, which I don't have yet, right? So what I wound up doing was buying his course, his course was like $500. He told me, buy the course, do this, this, and this.

But as soon as I open up the course, the first lesson, he's like, oh, click on this button. So I stop the video and I go into my thing, that button is not on my thing. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. Right?

Because it's software and software, sometimes the interface changes, right? So my, my point is that like, I could see how it makes sense that I shouldn't jump into a coaching program just yet because I don't even know how to build a track. But little things like that, I'm sitting there wasting 10 minutes. This is like the first 25 seconds of the video I'm having to pause the video, go find, then I have to look online to see why my thing doesn't have this, this, you know, and you know, it's a waste of my time. Like if I was just with him there, he could walk me through that.

And it made me think of the work that I do with you guys, you know, like, I'm like, man, that must be what it's like when someone's watching the E five stuff and then they can't remember like, wait, what's a functional benefit? What's an xper yet? Like, where, you know, and then you have to stop and go back and re-watch it. Whereas when you have somebody there to just answer the question and help you and explain it and streamline it and just help you think about it differently, it does add a lot more value. Totally.

Yep. Totally. And I, I see 2026 is this way, this exactly, this, this path. I, I see it. And just also one, one more feedback.

So basically he was asking for Thriving Emma, he wanted to a certain level, maybe not, but me as a thriving, Emma, I have two things. What's The, Emma in the middle? I don't think he was asking Burned out, burn out, Emma, as like, try that before it didn't work out. I'm stuck like right. I wanna keep going, but, but as a thriving, Emma, me and you and, and our niche, when we are thriving, Emmas basically we have buying power and we are willing to pay for that coaching.

Like, I, like if he said, come on, jump over and he give you the base that you are gonna still be so happy because you're progressing with him. Is that Correct? Yes, for sure. So I believe he, he, he kind of lost a little bit when he told you, you know what, go to that, uh, uh, uh, program, right? No, let him come.

Like that's why I, I I I, I'm thinking that it's coming, uh, uh, 2026, let people come, let me just spend some time with them anyways. And because they are thriving, Emma, they have the buying power. So I'm, I'm gonna ask for higher, higher price and then after maybe like the first quick win, I'm gonna guide them back to something else. But like the, I believe it's way better. Like it's gonna become major than ai.

I, that's why I believe Yeah, I agree With you having this personal touch. Yep, I agree. Yeah. Well thank you. That's a differentiation is amazing.

Thank you so much. I wrote so many notes today. Fantastic. Alright guys, well as always, this was a pleasure for me. Lots of fun.

I'm flying out to Florida on uh, Sunday to meet Todd actually, so we could do our planning session for the end of the year and talk about all the great stuff that we have in store for you guys. Um, so maybe I'll have a little bit to share with you on the next call next week to tell you about some of the stuff we spoke about. Say hi to Don from us. I will enjoy the rest of your night guys. Hey Paul.

Paul, quick question. Yeah, sure. Andy, what's up? Um, so I know Todd's session is the last Thursday of each month, right? I think this month and next it's on a holiday.

Sorry, you guys gonna have it on a different day. Ooh, what is it? Thanksgiving. Thanksgiving and Christmas, but are at the last Thursdays, I believe on November, December. So Thanksgiving, I'll have to check with him because that's his call.

Uh, oh. And the last one is Christmas. Um, yeah, I'll have to talk to him about that just because those are both his calls. Um, yeah, and can't even do it the day before Christmas. 'cause it's Christmas Eve.

Yeah, I'll check with him and, and, and, uh, and I'll find out for you. Okay, cool. And um, one last thing. I know you put me on perplexity, but I saw PayPal had this subscription thing. If you, uh, perplexity you get a free year, uh, if you just, uh, add your PayPal account or something like that for a new account.

Oh wow. So I just put in the chat if you guys, you guys could probably use a new account and just get that for a free year. Oh man. That's so cool. Thank you man.

Appreciate that. Awesome. Yeah, For sure. Very cool. Alright gentlemen, well enjoy the rest of your evening and, uh, I'll see you guys next week.

It's been fun. All right, thank you. You got it Guys. Thank you. Have a have a nice weekend.

Bye. Bye.
