---
title: "video1452503986"
date: 2025-11-14
duration: 1h 58m
duration_seconds: 7135
vimeo_id: 1136925359
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# video1452503986

**Date:** 2025-11-14 | **Duration:** 1h 58m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Hello, my good friend. How are you? Hello. Hello. How's it going?

I'm good, Khaled. How are you? Very well, thank you. How are you? Good.

Always good to see you. Same here. I saw that you logged in about an hour ago. Did you, did you get the time mixed up? I did actually.

Yeah. We, we, like last Sunday, our time here changed, so I thought it's five 30 in my time, in my new time. Yeah. So hours changed the week before. Here we go.

So we are at six 30 right now together at this. Yes, now we are. Yeah. I don't know why that's strange that you're in Canada, right? I am, yeah.

And I'll tell you, Yeah, that's strange that daylight savings is different in Canada and, and the United States. It is what it is. It's okay. No problem. So it's just me and you so far.

That's good. Here we go. Let me just, uh, do one thing here and then let's talk. Sure. Here we go.

How was your trip, by the way, to, uh, to visit? Uh, It got canceled. Oh, Come on. Yeah, because of the, the government shutdowns. Oh, so you cannot travel like physically, you, you cannot go.

Yeah. So not that I can't, but my flight, so I was leaving on Sunday and coming back on Monday. Mm-hmm. And then my flight got canceled on, uh, okay. There goes Zach.

Um, my flight got canceled on, uh, they let me know on Friday night that my flight got canceled going out there. Yeah. And so then, uh, they couldn't find me a replacement and I just, even if I could find one, I didn't want to take a chance. Yeah. 'cause really, I was only going down for one day, just from, you know, from, uh, Sunday at like 11:00 AM till like 6:00 PM on Monday.

And I'm like, man, I could wind up getting stuck in an airport for a week for something that really could be done on Zoom in a couple of hours. So, yeah. So today, yeah, I just decided to just, yeah, I just didn't do it. So Todd and I met, um, and our other partner we just met on Zoom. And how was that?

Good. Yeah, it was good. Yeah. Awesome. Lots of good stuff coming.

Yeah. One day I was coming from Boise, I believe. Like I, I met Russell and I was coming from Boise to Toronto through New York that I, I'm not sure. And it got delayed 12 hours. Like, they kept delaying and delaying it.

And I said, you know what? No more coming through New York again. That's it. What, uh, what airline was it? Oh my God, I, I don't remember.

It was like two years ago. I really don't remember. What airport was it? I believe New York. Do they have more than one?

Yeah, in New York. JFK, LaGuardia and Newark, I believe. JFK. Yep. Yeah.

Okay. JFK. Yeah. It's, uh, you Know what, but every four hours they said another delay and another delay and it like spent, like, I, I slept like, like in, in the airport just waiting for like, for 12 hours almost. Yeah.

Yeah. I've had that not 12 hours, but I've had six, seven. For what it's worth, I always try to fly either United or JetBlue. Yeah. But I'll try JetBlue first because I've, I've noticed from dealing with these airlines that JetBlue, if your flight gets delayed or changed, they will try to put you on a different flight.

United. If you are like, let's say, let's say I'm waiting in New York and my plane is in Chicago mm-hmm. And my plane in Chicago gets delayed. They make you wait until that plane comes instead of trying to get you on a different plane. I Agree.

Yeah. So I agree. This is exactly what happened. Yeah. Yeah.

So, uh, I try to stick with JetBlue. Okay. I'm gonna write it as a note. Here we go. This is something maybe when I come to visit you one day we'll use JetBlue.

Yeah. Sounds good. Okay. So, you know what, I have a question that is not really as urgent, so I'm gonna let Zach go take the lead and then after that I will take the time if nobody jump in. Is that good?

Yeah, Sure. What's going on, Zach? It works for me. What's up Paul? Uh, lemme get it pulled up here.

So my funnel is sucking balls. It is not doing well. Um, I think it's got like a 5% opt in, not good. Uh, and it's, it's a, uh, it's a free lead magnet, so lemme get it pulled up here. Um, I threw this together.

I haven't put much ad spend into it at all. I think like only a couple hundred bucks. I just launched 'em yesterday. Um, let me get a, lemme just get a link that doesn't throw off the pixels. Okay.

This should work All. All right. I will drop it in the chat. So the cost per click, cost per link click. So landing page visit on the ads is 40 to 50 cents.

Uh, which is pretty good. They're just like meme ads and it's just, if your show rate's under XI think it's like 80%, uh, there's a free blueprint or a free checklist for that, and then it drops 'em into this landing page here. Gotcha. Okay. Uh, lemme just share my screen.

Okay. And you said you're at 40 to 50 cents cost per click? Yeah. Okay. Uh, can I see your ads?

What do your ads look like? Uh, I can share them. It's just a meme ad with some basic, uh, copy. And you're targeting, uh, US international, uh, us, us only. Yeah.

Us. Okay. So I'm gonna stop sharing and you go ahead and share. So, like I said, brand new campaign. These are, uh, this data's off.

It's a little bit better than this. Um, I could do the math. It's just Facebook's delayed on it. I think it's like seven bucks per lead, which isn't too bad. But, um, I know I can get the opt-in page, uh, optimize a little bit better.

Do you want me to just hover over this? Does that work? Yeah, sure. Cool. Let's take a look at it.

Uh, book sales 'cause of your business, more prospects. Okay. Uh, and that's pretty much, uh, the gist of all of them. Yeah, that's all of 'em. Um, why is this working?

Yeah, it's just, they're just different memes, but the copy's the same on all of them. Gotcha. Okay. And how much traffic are we talking about? So it is right here.

And you just launched these yesterday, Correct? Hmm. What is your click through rate? Hmm. So this one, I turned the other two off, obviously, because this is the only one that was performing these two right here.

Yeah. So, um, this is interesting because what I'm gonna tell you is, uh, it might sound kind of like a little unorthodox, but I'm just going based on my experience with this kind of stuff. Sure. Anytime I've ever seen a click through rate, uh, like above 5%, it, it's been an indicator to me that I was getting junk traffic. Okay.

So we, we had the, we had a similar situation in a different business a few years ago, um, where we were getting click-through rates like that, like above the fives at ridiculously low costs. Yeah. And it, it was just, we, we just found out that it was just mainly bot traffic. So it's funny that, you know, it's like you turned off the other ones 'cause that's the one that's performing. But like, I would be, I would be ultra suspicious of that, um, just because that is a ridiculously high clickthrough rate.

I don't see clickthrough rates that common in, uh, that high across all the different offers that I look at. Yeah. So that's just something to be aware of. So if we take that out of the equation, so let, let me first start by saying that like, um, like ads are not my jam. Like I, I, we have a, a sister agency that does everything related to ads and campaigns and stuff like that.

What I could tell you, um, are just kind of, uh, observations that I have because obviously, like I work with our media buyer and I do see things that go on kind of in the ad world. So, um, the first thing is that we always give a minimum of at least three days to allow Facebook to optimize. Just because, I mean, I've seen where we turned on ads on day one, and it's literally like this. We don't run, we don't, we, we don't, we haven't been really been running to opt-in for a while, but like, we run to like, you know, a low ticket book offer or something like that. And then the first day we might get, you know, a hundred clicks to the page and no sales.

And, you know, we, maybe we spend, you know, we're, you know, we might be spending anywhere from a dollar 50 to $2 per click. So we might spend, you know, 150, 200 bucks and not get any sales or maybe get one or two sales. And if we went just on that day, we would be like, okay, this thing's terrible. We even need to turn it off. Or, you know, optimize the crap out of it.

And then after like two or three days, I, I guess Facebook kind of just starts working its magic and sales start coming in. So I never, ever, I always give it at least a minimum of three days, um, to run before I really start making any decisions. That makes sense. Now, the, the second question that I want to ask you is, um, do you, and again, this is not, um, what I'm gonna tell you now is not specific to my personal experience, but it is, it is common in something that I've seen in working with other clients. And it's this idea that, um, I haven't seen, I haven't seen, uh, these types of offers, meaning info information, lead magnets.

I haven't seen those convert, um, above 20% in a very long time just because I see most people offering AI solutions and tools and frameworks and things like that. But I don't know if that's necessarily true. For your, um, for your offer, are you looking at, have you looked in the Facebook ads library and see like what types of ads are your competitors running? And are, are any of them running to offers with these types of, um, you know, lead magnets? Yeah.

Well, um, the, so I don't know about like a free blueprint. This was the best campaign that I've ran in a while. It was this line right here, and this was going to a free school group. Um, and the 3 57, this actually came down. 'cause there are some, some of the ads in here were a lot more expensive.

Um, which got turned off. This came down to like, under $3 per join on a, on a school group. So it's like people needing to sign up and, and, and everything. So, um, my, my thought process behind this was like, well, lead magnets work a free lead magnet, even in this space works, and this is solving a specific problem. So I don't think I have to go the tools route.

Um, but yeah, I, I, if I can get under a $3 cost per lead i'd, I'd be happy with this. That's, that's all I need mathematically to make this work. Right. And what is your cost per lead now? Uh, so this is off actually.

Um, lemme see. It's about 10 bucks little, it's, it's like 11 bucks. It's not 16, but it's 11. Right. So, um, 11.

So, and you're at a 5% conversion rate. Yeah. Which, so on the, the school group that I was running, these two, I had like a 30% conversion. It was solid. Yeah.

It was good. Um, Yeah, so that, that I don't, I, I don't see that as uncommon. What I mean by sending to a lead magnet is like a digital, some sort of a digital download. Like, you know, 10 years ago you could, I've ran tons of offers like this mm-hmm. Where we sent to a checklist or A PDF and in certain cases I was able to get like a 50% opt-in rate, and I haven't seen opt-in rates on these types of offers, um, in a very long time.

What I would do, just because I don't think you, I don't think you have a copy issue just in like looking at, uh, like the copy that's on this page. Mm-hmm. What I would do is I would turn that, I would turn that other campaign off. I would let the other two run for a minimum of three days, um, to see how everything kind of shakes out. And then if nothing changes after that, what I would do, um, is I would, I would take the, is it possible for you to take this information that you're giving away in the checklist and turn it into a tool that wouldn't somehow cannibalize the real offer that you wanna make to them?

Yeah, a hundred percent. So, uh, the real offer is a software, and so I can give all the information away. I can turn it all into a chat. GBT, they're still gonna need the, the, the software to execute on it. It, it's, it's impossible to do it.

Like the technology doesn't exist outside of us. So I could turn it into a chat. GBT. Um, I was planning, once people entered into the, or opted into this, I was gonna have an email welcome sequence that gave away GPTs. Um, but I can, I can kind of reverse that course if needed.

And do you think A GPT would convert higher than a checklist or a blueprint? I do. I do. Okay. Yeah, absolutely.

Um, but again, it's kind of early to tell, like, I wouldn't really make any decisions until, um, again, like an eight, 8% click through rate, um, is just, it's, you know, it's super high. I would Suspiciously high. Yeah. Suspiciously high man. Like I haven't seen, um, you know, are you, are you, by the way, are you, uh, recording, are you using like Hotjar or anything on your page?

No, no, no. So I would, I would install something free like Hotjar on there. Um, actually I would do that before I turn those ads off just to see what people are doing, because that's really how we validated it now that I remem now that I recall. Okay. We suspected it and then we looked, and then basically what we were seeing was the same kind of action over and over again.

It was just the mouse was going up to the right corner over and over and over again. It was everybody just doing the same thing. Nobody scrolling, nobody nothing, just constantly the pointer was going up to the top Okay. And getting charged for every one of those visits. So I would, I would check that first before I do anything.

And then again, if that's, if that's, if, if, if there is no issue there and it is legitimate traffic, um, then, uh, yeah, then I, I would switch it to, I would, I would try to turn it into a tool. 'cause I just think trying to get, if you're, if you're at an $11, uh, cost per lead now and you want to get down to $3, so basically it, it's like you want to, um, you would need to quadruple Yeah. Your, your opt-in rate in order for that to happen, or lower your cost per click. Mm-hmm. But let's just say in terms of opt-in rate, like going from a 5% opt-in rate to let's say a 20 or a 25% opt-in rate, um, based on what you have here now, I just don't see that happening.

Like if your, if your opt-in page was horrible, I would say Okay, you know, there, there, there's prob maybe there's an issue there. But, um, it looks fine to me. Like, it, it looks, it looks good enough to, to be able to get you like where you need to be the way it is. I don't see anything that's like ri you know, terribly wrong with this. Yeah.

That would be making people fly off the page. So that's what I would do. Okay. Okay. So Hotjar to see if it's bot traffic.

Um, if it's not, then switch it to a tool. Yeah, for Sure. If it is, um, do you think switching to like a video creative, what if it is bot traffic, what's, uh, the next step? Yeah, So if it is bot traffic, like what we had to do was like open up a brand new, um, ad account or I don't know if it was an ad account, um, yeah, we gotta open up a brand new ad account. Gotcha.

That was the only way to overcome it. Okay. No big deal. Okay. Cool.

Um, and then I've got one last question here. This should be a quick one. What's your recommendation for a welcome sequence on an email? Um, I am planning on doing a, so it's deliver the lead magnet on the first day, and then the next th four days. It's just free stuff each day.

Um, and it, like in parentheses, it was gonna be one and then slash four two slash four, so people know to expect four emails. So copy perfectly fine. But like, what's, uh, what's your suggestion on the sequence sequencing of it? So like What's your, what's, what's the goal? Like tell me the overall strategy, Improve deliverability and get people to, I suppose just engage with the emails and not just opt out or mark 'em spam or delete 'em.

It's okay. The, the goal is I'm gonna be sending an email every day, and at the bottom of each email, I want people to join a wait list for when we launch this, this software here in 60, 90 days whenever my developer can can finish it. Um, so I guess that would be the goal. It's to get people to engage in the emails and click the link to opt into a wait list. Got it.

Okay. And so in the process of that, you obviously you want to keep them engaged, uh, you want to ensure deliverability and all that kind of stuff? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So the first thing that we usually do is ask a question, did I share this with you last time?

Um, I don't think this, not the strategy you said. Yeah. So we, we high level you mentioned it. Yeah. So we asked them a question, um, and we asked them to respond because that immediately will, will put you in favor with the email service providers like Gmail and Yahoo and whatever.

When they see that people are actually responding and replying to your emails, um, it just immediately kind of elevates you and, and, uh, it puts you in a better position to not wind up going into the spam folder. So that's the first thing I do, is ask 'em a question like, Hey, what, what's the biggest problem that you're trying to solve with this checklist? Or Why did you grab this checklist? Or, you know, whatever it is that you're offering them. Like mm-hmm.

What's the biggest problem that you're trying to solve? Why have you struggled with this so far? Like a question that, that is like, relevant to the context of, of why they bought it to, to get them to reply and get them to respond. So that's the first thing that we do. The second thing that we do is we give them specific white list instructions.

You can find, you can, you can get a, a generic version of this anywhere online, um, and ask them to go and specifically follow those steps to whitelist, um, your domain, your name, and the this, the email address that, uh, that stuff is, that the emails will be coming from. Um, that's kind of like the, like the housekeeping stuff that we do. And then more in terms of like the messaging, we, there's a couple of different things. So first thing we do is we set expectations like right out of the gate, letting them know what to expect in terms of email frequency. Hmm.

You know, so we email people every day, sometimes twice a day. So we wanna let them know that, um, we wanna let them know what those content, the content of that email is gonna be AKA like benefit payoff. Like, you know, we're not just gonna be hammering you with offers, um, but we are gonna email you frequently if that is what you're gonna do. Um, do you use a super signature at all in any of your emails? No.

Yeah. Do you know what that is? No. Yeah. So a super signature is just basically like, um, it's a signature at the bottom, uh, with more opportunities for them to engage.

Okay. Now, I don't know, you might not wanna put that in your first set of emails just because your goal is to get them to join that wait list and that could potentially distract them. But it is a tool that we will use to get them into other things. So it'll say something like, you know, by the way, when you're ready, here are some more ways I can help you. There's a link to the YouTube channel, a link to the Instagram.

Um, and then maybe if there's anything, like if you wanna book a call or something like that for people to get on a call to possibly do, you know, um, you know, whatever, just to get on a call. Mm-hmm. We usually give them like three links in the super signature. Um, 'cause again, it's more opportunities for, for them to engage. And then from there, um, what I try to think about is like, what is like ultimately, like what do I want them to believe?

What kind of beliefs do I want to install in them over the course of this indoctrination sequence? Right. And so, um, you know, from my own info publishing business, which teaches people communication skills, like, there are a few things I want them to understand. I want them to understand that while some people are born with natural communication skills, like they're just great communicators, it is a skill that can be learned. That's the first thing I want.

I want them to understand. Because if they were naturally good communicators, like they wouldn't be on my email list looking for help. So, makes sense. It always goes back to hope. Like I talked about this.

I think on our last call, I'm always, I'm, in most cases, I'm just always driving toward hope. I'm thinking, how can I create a sense of hope in these emails? Um, and showing them that solving their problem or fulfilling their desire is possible. And so it might be through lessons. It might be that I share video, uh, content with them.

Um, it might be that I share, you know, I might, I might do it through storytelling. Um, and so yeah, that's just kind of the high level stuff of, you know, white list set expectations, and then really get clear on what is it that you want to convey over the course of that sequence. Like, what's the ultimate belief that you're trying to install in them, and how can you do that kind of like, as elegantly as possible? And that's really it. Gotcha.

Gotcha. Okay. Cool. Got it. Got it.

Thanks Paul. Anything else? I think I'm good. Yeah. I'm gonna go mess with the ads.

Are you doing a presentation at the end of the call? Yeah, if we have time. I ha I have, I have a really good one planned. Okay, cool. Cool.

I'll watch the recording. I'm gonna hop off and play around with these ads. Yep. You got it, man. Thanks man.

Appreciate it. You Got it. Bye-Bye. Tip What's Up James? How are you?

It's going good. How are you doing, man? Good. You feeling better? I'm feeling better, yes.

Thanks for asking. Okay, cool. Happy to hear it. Yeah. Um, yeah, and actually just to, to, just to bolt on the previous conversation.

So I, I've dealt with a ton of bots. Um, so I've always used Hotjar too, so I like that. I also installed Microsoft Clarity and it's free, and they've got a whole bot section. Um, they actually categorize it too, so that that might be another good, you know, suggestion for him to look at. Yeah.

It slipped my mind that we've used Clarity too. Thanks for, thanks for reminding me. Yeah. I, worst case, which I hope I wish this on, nobody, I had to go down the path of, uh, CloudFlare Security, which is basically a firewall. Um, and I'm blocking bots left and right.

We have some ads that have a, um, that 50% of the traffic is being blocked because they're bots. Wow. Like Facebook sometimes just sends such terrible traffic, it's nuts. So like, seeing the data is like, oh my gosh, what are they doing? Yeah.

You know, I, you know, we've just, just to kind of like add onto that, we've been dealing with that recently. Um, when we go international, like we've been seeing this trend that because, you know, we get a, a lot of customers, um, from international traffic. And I mean, even in our, you know, when we had our, had our, our mastermind, our high, our high level mastermind, you know, 20 to 30% of the folks in the mastermind were international. And so our stuff does resonate, you know, with, with folks internationally, what we typically see with international traffic is cost per click and CPA will be lower, but so will a OV just because, you know, sometimes there's a language barrier, there's a trust issue, they don't know Todd as well, sometimes overseas as they do over here. Sometimes the high, if we have higher ticket offers in the funnel, like, you know, for instance, like the implementation session or like the coaching sessions that we did, if, if there's, there's things that would prevent them from normally taking those offers that are outside of, you know, normal marketing stuff.

So again, language time zone differences, uh, things like that would, you know, make people a little bit more hesitant to take those types of offers. So the A OV is generally lower, but that's okay. 'cause we, it's all kind of baked into, okay, we know that we're gonna have a lower A OV, but we also have a much lower CPA when we go international. But recently, every time we go international, we're having to like, get super, super, um, granular on excluding certain countries because we're just finding that it's like almost every time we go international, we just get so much junk traffic. It's unbelievable.

Yeah. I, and I dealt with the same thing and I've, I think I've started to crack the code on it, um, because most of them are, um, they're bought traffic because they're coming from servers that people just spin up outta the glue. I finally found a way to start blocking them, but man, it is a pain, isn't it? Yeah, it's, man, It's a hassle For sure. It's nuts.

But yeah, actually, uh, actually this might be interesting. Um, so I have a, can I, can I show you something? Yeah, sure. Okay. I, I thought this was so crazy.

So like, we have, um, you know, obviously with CloudFlare it just blocks 'em before they can even load the page up. Like we've had, um, lemme see, like every country we're, we're targeting only the US by the way. So we have all these attempts now, thankfully we're able to block it based on their, uh, where they came from. But like, these guys, guys like these, like these are like the cheap, uh, servers people just spin up to, to run their AI through and just hit these pages. But now I'm getting almost no bot traffic and you know, as you can see, like we're blocking the majority of this traffic.

It's just freaking bots. So, yeah, I mean, maybe a suggestion. I, I don't know if the other other guy would wanna do this. Um, but this has really helped me a lot. Now I can see truly where the, the bots are coming from.

But man, it's, it's worldwide. It's crazy. What, what, what was the process like for you to go through this? Um, so it was actually very easy to set up. So, um, once you set it up, which I mean, I'm happy to walk through it.

Um, all I did look at this, they have, uh, security, they literally have, um, uh, where is it? They literally have a protection already that this one's turned off. But literally, CloudFlare, you know, obviously CloudFlare is like half the internet. Um, they already have a list of all of known bots. So literally you just turn it on and say, block all known bots and it allows the crawl, crawlers, and everybody else come in.

But like, it's just one thing. I just got fancy with it and added my own stuff like these. But like literally there's just a button that says block bots, and it just cut out most of the traffic without me having to do anything. Let me see where it's, oh, here we go. Uh, where's it, uh, P list?

Uh, anyway, it's just a, it is just a checkbox, I dunno, where it's super bot fight mode. Yeah. So, okay, cool. Yeah. Anyway, it, it's, it's cool.

It's, it's, I don't get bots anymore, which is like, thank goodness. So, um, so now it's like Facebook doesn't get the, the page view visit, so it'll stop, stop optimizing towards the bots anymore. 'cause it's not, it's not getting any pixel data at all. So anyway. Yeah, that's good to know.

You know, I just looked in my, uh, email 'cause I'm like, CloudFlare sounds familiar. And I have this actually set up, my tech guy set this up for me years ago, um, in my other business for the same reason. Um, but we don't, I don't, I don't think we have it over here at with Todd's stuff. So it's a good reminder. Like, sometimes you get these things that just kind of slip through the cracks and then you get a reminder of it again.

So I'm gonna put this on the list. Many thanks many for sharing that. So many. Yeah, for sure. And if you ever set it up again, I'm happy to share the, um, the servers I blocked.

'cause Yeah, they're all, I mean, once you identify 'em, it's pretty easy. Now I don't have to touch it, but yeah, like, man, I, yeah, I probably lost like 20, 30 grand from just fake, fake bots. So crazy. I was like, I gotta solve this. Crazy.

But, um, yeah, so I, I don't know if I'm up next, but I had a question. I dunno if, yeah. Am I up next? Yes, you are. Oh, okay.

This is more of a brainstorm question and in the hopes that we can just discuss the topic and that'll help me decide what I should do, um, because I realize it's hard to explain the situation. So my question for you is, um, this is back to the tax planning campaign. So the, the market saturation seems pretty high. There's a lot of competitors doing tax planning. Um, but the, most of the ads are pretty terrible.

By terrible, I mean, most of 'em don't have a unique mechanism at all. They don't have a big idea. Um, usually the, you know, the headline type stuff is like buried and like, you could tell it's kinda like CPAs that probably put the ad together kind of thing. Yep. So in terms of competition, it's pretty low.

Um, but the, there's a few bigger hitters which actually have a few of those elements. So my, what I'm trying to grapple with is this, most of 'em don't even have a big idea, and most of 'em actually go directly to the offer, the promise of like, lower your taxes by, you know, whatever the number is. I, when looking at everybody else's ads, even the bigger guys, they're also not heavy with a big idea or heavy with a unique mechanism. It's more like direct to the promise. So I'm wondering in what situations should I consider not going so heavy with some like, big idea versus just closer to the promise?

Because I, and this is cold traffic, I'm going after problem aware people, some of 'em are solution aware, but it's kind of, it's more, it's like in the middle. So you're asking in what, in what case would you not lean on a big idea and a unique mechanism? Yes, I can say more, but I'll, I'll I'll just say yes or no. In What case would you not lean on, um, a big idea or, so, okay. Where, when you don't, where you don't lean on, uh, a big idea or a unique mechanism kind of in this context is when you can make a promise that nobody else can make.

So if you can make a promise that is truly unique and different, um, were you on last week's call where I talked about Yeah, like the different ways to differentiate and I, one, the first one that I talked about was like how you can differentiate with your promise, With a promise. Yeah, I did, I did hear part of that and hear the whole thing, but yeah. Yeah. So that's one way to do it is like, you can make just a completely different pro. Now what that would look like, I don't know yet.

Like we'd have to talk about that. But you could make a completely different promise than your competitors do. If you, if they are, if you can't and you, and you have to make the same promise as them, then I would always go with a unique mechanism. In fact, like we, we, we, Todd and I like, just the unique mechanism is just so embedded ingra and ingrained in us that almost every single time we go to cold traffic, there's always a unique mechanism because there's just nothing. Number one, you don't, you never have anything to lose with a unique mechanism except maybe the time and effort to come up with one.

Really, that's it. Like, your campaign is hardly ever gonna perform worse with a unique mechanism than without one. So it's, it's just kind of always there as like an insurance policy. Again, like the only thing you have to lose is the time it takes to the time and thinking to come up with one. Um mm-hmm.

And so we always use unique mechanisms in, in everything that we do. Um, and so, yeah, I just don't see now a big idea the, that you might not necessarily need, right? You might not necessarily need a big idea, but a unique mechanism. I don't, honestly, I don't see any reason to never have a unique mechanism tied to a promise. Again, unless you're, unless you can make a drastically different promise.

And most of the time that comes from you are the first to market. You have a brand new technology or something like that, where it legitimately is a completely different promise, not just a variation of the promise that everyone else is making. It's more of like, so there's like two categories of different promises. One is like a completely different promise that nobody else is making because you're first to market and you have like whatever unique technology. The second one is, is a very, is a kind of a variation on the overarching promise, which is what I went over last week.

So like in the, in the example that I gave, right? Like, um, where I talked about, you could either, like in terms of like getting new customers like that promise, you could either talk about how fast you can get new customers, you can talk about consistency and predictability in new customers. But like, the problem that you're solving is still a lack of customers, right? Like that's the, a lack of sales that the prospect has. You're just getting a little bit more specific in the way that you are promising how you solve that problem.

The other category is when you can just promise something completely different like Uber, right? Like you have a unique selling proposition, you have something that, like Uber had when they first, when they first came, like they, they created a completely different category, um, of promises. But other than that, like if you, but based on the way you explained it to me, if I was in your situation, no, I would just make the same promise with a unique mechanism, and I wouldn't even lean on a big idea at this point. Okay. I'm glad you said that.

That's similar to the Yeah, that's pretty, pretty much the conclusion. I, I've thought about. So the, the, so before it used to be, um, you are overpaying on your taxes by 30 to a hundred thousand dollars, whatever the number of change was, um, because your CPA doesn't know these tracks, these little known tax strategies. So that was the, the, the big idea, or that was the, the headline, I guess we'll say, uh, which translates, but I it most other plan, uh, so it's not performing at the, with the KPI that I'm looking for, and we spent plenty of money to, to test it. I've tried different variations of that theme.

So that's why I started looking back at competitors again. And I'm realizing nobody has this big idea thing. So, and then we, we had talked about the billionaires, um, tax protocol thing as well. One of the competitors that I had been following, um, was running that, but now I realize that they've stopped doing that completely. So maybe that's, you know, one indication of like, it, you know, it doesn't, it doesn't work.

But, okay. So, so you're saying it could be that a unique mechanism with primary promise without a big idea could work? Sure. Absolutely. Okay.

Okay. I, is there. So basically what I have right now, then my headline, uh, let me grab it. Uh, obviously just first draft this, this medical tax savings protocol is helping doctors lower their tax bill by 30 to a hundred K. Mm-hmm.

I know we talked about this number range. I haven't finished that part yet, but like, as an idea, does that make sense? Or, I'm still teasing the, the unique mechanism here. Yeah, it makes sense. Okay.

It, okay. Um, let me see. What was I gonna ask you? I would change the formatting a little bit on that. I mean, it's probably most people are gonna be on, um, mobile anyway, but like for something like that, uh, like I would just make that headline bigger and get it on three kind of like, um, like symmetrically, I would either want two headlines or three bigger headlines.

Got it. Kinda like a, like that. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

Got it. And then I could just do, yeah. Okay. In terms of the wording, um, I know this is small details, but, um, this medical practice savings, uh, tax protocol is helping doctors lower, or I could say, I mean, I feel like this seems more newsworthy, like it's actively helping doctors. What do you think between these two, what stands out to you more?

So, uh, what I would say is, is there any way to avoid using the word helping and just saying that the protocol is lowering the tax bill, not helping them do it, the protocol's doing it for them. Like, yeah. Okay. I see what you're saying. Um, doctor, um, yeah, I know what you're saying.

Yeah. It's, it's doing the action. It's instead of throwing another verb in there, correct, you're saying, is that Yep. Yeah. Um, yeah, something like that.

It sounds wrong, but I, I, I think I understand what you're saying. That's where you Yeah. So like, this medical savings protocol is lowering, uh, tax bills for doctors or doctors tax bills, right? Whatever. Um Hmm.

Yeah. Okay. Okay. So I would Probably say, I would probably say lowering tax bills for doctors. Yeah, that's what I would say.

Yeah, I like that. That's solid. Okay. So, okay, cool. Then how would you back that up?

So what would be a good subhead? Because like, I, I try to come up with a couple, like built around. So one of their concerns is being audited. So their, their concern is, you know, I, I trust my CPA because he's gonna make sure that I don't get in trouble. So I want to address that early.

So I, I'll put like IRS approved, but I also wanted to point out the fact that, hey, your CPA may not be aware of this. What, what's a good way for me to kind of bring together those concepts into a subhead? So, and Then also I was gonna try to introduce them, the protocol. Yeah. So I would, what I would do is I would put the IRS approved in the headline, right?

Because if that's something that could potentially be a red flag, I wanna call that out right away, right? I don't want them to read that headline and be like, oh, I'm gonna get in trouble for this and then bounce. So I would, I would put it right there. This little known IRS approved, right? So now we've removed that possible objection.

Okay. See how much stronger it is now? Yeah. Okay. I get it.

So, so my concern, okay, so my question is, uh, I, I always thought that the IRS approved part is a o okay, what's, what, best way, obviously we wanna handle the objection before they have the thought. So I get that. Um, do you think having it here is too late Based on the way you described it to me? Yes. Okay.

Okay. Well, the Other thing that I would ask is like, what's the, what's the disadvantage of putting it in the headline? In the main headline It, oh, yeah. I guess the only thing is I just feel like it loses some momentum. Um, and it also introduces another concern, like, okay, this little known tech, I feel like it loses some momentum and impact.

How, so One of the things that I'm concerned with is, well, first of all, it's, it's longer, but the, the second thing, and I was, I've been thinking about how to frame this. I don't want people to hear IRS approved, which is why I actually said tax savings strategies, is I don't want people to think, oh yeah, my CPA is already doing deductions. Like, they, they simplify IRS approved as like, oh, I, yeah, I'm already doing deductions. And they kind of like ignore everything else because this is like proactive planning. Um, and that's, yeah, that's, that's why I reworded this part down here instead of saying like, IRSs approved deductions.

Yeah. But the, the reality is, is that there if, is there, forget about the IRS approved part or whatever, and if there is their accountant already doing deductions, is there accountant lowering their tax bill by 30 to a hundred K? 'cause if that's not happening, I would argue that they don't really care whether they're doing deductions or they're not doing deductions. That's the part that's gonna get their attention. Okay.

Right. Because if it, if it didn't, then that promise wouldn't even resonate with them. True. Okay. You don't feel like this loses any momentum?

I don't, I would listen, I would test it, right, because we're right now we're just kind of, We're guessing. Yeah. Yeah. I, I would test it, but I would, that's the headline that I would go with if I were you based on what you, you know, based on what you've said to me. If they think that, that, you know, if they think that they're, if, um, compliance is a big issue for them, then I would wanna put that in the headline to thwart that concern immediately.

Okay. Okay. That's, I think that's fair. Yeah. I've even seen people comment.

Yeah. The other thing that I would say, James, which is, this actually ties into, um, the training that I have kind of prepared for you guys is like, whenever I'm writing copy, right? Uh, and I fall into this trap too, right? Where sometimes you have so many interesting things that you want to say, or you have things that you believe are valuable that, um, that are like worthy of being in the copy. But you have to kind of always go back to the question of what is the core concept that I'm trying to convey here?

And does what I'm saying here, does this piece of copy that I want to put in here, does it support that core concept or not? Because oftentimes what you'll find is that while there may be things that are, um, you know, good for lack of a better term, and like copy worthy, they don't, they don't have to be in here, right? So like, for example, the, the, the, the thing about, um, the CPA, you know, not being aware of, uh, of, of this, like, I'm not sure you need that. Because like, again, the reality is, is if they're not already, if the CPA is not already saving them 30 to a hundred K, then it's kind of self-evident that the CPA isn't aware of this thing, or they're not using it, or whatever, whatever the reason is. Like, they're, they're not, whether they're not aware of it or they are aware of it and they're not using it or they're using it the wrong way, the bottom line is they're not getting the result.

So I I, I wouldn't worry so much about like, that particular part of the headline to me being in compliance would be more of a thing that would make them suspicious of this. Okay. I guess that was gonna go into my marketing argument. 'cause one of the biggest objections we get on the call is I already have a CPA he's already doing, um, well, I guess it's a smoke screen. He says they're already doing something where I don't wanna give up my relationship with them.

So I have that down here. I guess that's a different thing. That's a different problem. Mm-hmm. Um, okay.

Yeah. The, the CPA is the biggest objection that comes up after, um, you know, is it safe for me to do? Um, yeah. Okay. Hmm.

Okay. I'll, let me, I'll think on that. And also, I, I, I realized I, I edited the wrong headline 'cause we had written this one. Mm-hmm. Now it sounds a little funky.

What do you think about this? This IRS approved medical tax aid protocols tax. So I would add one thing to that to, to tie into what you just mentioned. I would say this little known IRS approved medical tax saving protocol. Yeah.

And I might, Oh, sorry. Yeah, That's what I would go with. Okay. Okay. So, all right.

That works. Okay. So then going to the, the subhead then is the, so the next objection is, do I have to fire my CPA? 'cause everybody's got a relationship with their CPA. It's like, okay, I, I put that somewhere down here, like in the lead, but could I put that in the subhead or do I need to start introducing the, the actual name of the protocol?

Yeah, I mean, I don't even see the, I don't even know that you need a subhead. Like, I would, I would begin with testing those two headlines against each other. Um, like, again, I just don't see, like, if I run it through the filter of how is this contributing to the overall core concept? Like, okay, so if we look at this at, at the subheads, the original subhead, the first one is about the being an IRS approved and CPA might might not be aware of. We've already covered those two.

Now in the main headline, because we've said it's little known and we've said it's IRS approved. Now if I look at this, I ask myself like, okay, we've already said it's IRS approved. Right? We've already said it's gonna put money back in your pocket. In fact, we've said specifically it's gonna put as much as a hundred K.

Um, now the other que the other thing is about this four step process. Like, I don't know that, do they really care whether it's a four step process, a one step process, a 10 step process. Like they just want the result. So I don't, I don't know, like, what's the value of telling them how many steps are in the process? That's a good question.

So, okay. How, how would you describe the, the function of the subhead? Is it to support the headline? Is it to back it up with more tangible information? Like how do you think about that?

Um, usually, usually I use subheads when there's a big idea and I want to be able to convey the big idea in the headline. And I might not have enough space to do it in the main headline. That's kind of where I might use, uh, a sub headline. Mm-hmm. But to be quite honest, like I don't use that many sub headlines, especially when I'm, when I'm doing a minimum viable funnel, I start with the main headline, expressing the primary promise and the unique mechanism.

Hmm. Okay. Um, if you want, if you feel like the, without having to fire your CPA is like a really important thing, then I would put that underneath the main headline and put it in italics in a smaller font. Uh, you said below the, below the headline smaller font? Yeah.

Yep. I would put it in italics. Uh, yep. A little bit bigger. Yeah, a little bit bigger and Maybe different color.

Yeah, that's fine. Or maybe use a yellow. Yeah. Is that the same font, just not bolded and not capitalized? Uh, probably.

Yep. Yeah. So I would just, I would probably capitalize each letter, not, um, or uppercase, not make the whole thing capital, but just the first letter of each sentence, uh, uh, each, uh, each letter of each word in that sentence. Yeah. I would capitalize That title case.

Okay. You mean Okay. Like That. Yep. Like that To me, that expresses based on everything that you said, that expresses like the best promise with the mechanism and overcomes the top two objections.

Okay. Lemme get rid of that. And I would bring the, without a little bit closer to the main headline, just drag it up slightly. Yeah, there you go. Okay.

So on, on mobile, this is a completely different title, but this is how the I design it. I'm assuming that's closer to what you, you're thinking. Yep. Okay. All right.

Okay. Interesting. Okay. That answers that question. So, so then the next question for you is, every, almost every tax campaign is very short page.

And of course, I'm, I'm here to, you know, just collect a, a lead fill out information. So this is no by no means finish, but I'm thinking about doing a, a very short lead just pointing out that their CPAs, their CPA isn't aware of the protocols. Uh, they're mainly built for tax preparation. Uh, I don't want you to look at the content of this, but more like the framework of what I wanna communicate. Um, and just say, Hey, there's ways to reduce your taxes.

'cause they're kind of a problem aware, maybe not solution aware. And then just kind of like a pain avoidance thing. Do you think this is okay for a lead this short, um, communicating those main elements? Yeah. So I have, I have a question for you.

Right? So if you have to make them aware that the CPA isn't aware, what's the problem that they're aware of? Because to me, if they're aware that they're overpaying in taxes, that to me is a direct correlation that their CPA is doing something wrong. The, yeah. Yes.

But the, so the, the problem awareness that is that I'm, I've struggled with this too, to be honest too, Paul, like a lot of 'em are just completely unaware as well. I'm trying to go after problem aware, which my assumption there was that they, they have an inkling that they're, they're overpaying. And then there's like 10% of the people that know there's a tax planner that exists out there. So I'm trying to like go after the problem aware of, they, they have an inkling that they're overpaying, but it's like a, a, a suspect. Like they, I think every business owner has that, right?

We all have that. That's inside of every one of us to some degree, right? Yeah. Am I overpaying in taxes? Well, and I, I know, right?

It, but the, the, and that's the part that I'm struggling with too. We've had tons of sales conversations, which is great. 'cause I've got tons of data, and it's just across the board. Some people say, you know, I, I've proactively tried to reach out to my CPA and he's not, he's not helping me do these strategies, but I've done my own DIY and he's just not helping me. I'm sick of it.

Others were like, um, I didn't even realize I was overpaying. Um, I just knew it was a big bill and I was trying to find a way to lower it. So like, it wasn't even the thought of, I, I'm, I'm overpaying, it's, I'm just wanna lower it. So different, you know, line of thinking. So like, that's where I'm struggling to figure out like how, how to approach it, because it's, it's all the above.

And it's also like, what is the problem awareness part? Is it they're aware that they wanna lower their bill? I mean, of course. Yeah. So does that make sense?

Yeah, I, yeah, it does. So I think the way that you are, I think whether you start out the lead saying, um, that, that you are already unknowingly overpaying or if you wanna lower your tax bill more, I think they're just kind of, they're almost one in the same, just because in the end, what they really want is to lower their tax bill and save money. How you get to that point of expanding on the fact that the CPA, you know, is not aware of it. Yeah. I mean, that just kind of legitimizes the reason why you're saying what you're saying.

But in the end, it's the same thing, like, right, like at the end of the day, they want to save money. So like, I wouldn't get so caught up in the fact of, should I be saying that, uh, you know, that the, the CPA isn't aware of it and like, you know, I, I think it's fine to have it in there. I think if you didn't have it in there, I don't think it would make that much of a difference in the lead. I think starting out, just telling them that there's a new and different way for them to save as much as a hundred thousand dollars on their taxes is enough to get their attention. Okay.

So something like this, I, I would rewrite this, of course, I would throw in the like, unique mechanism in how we deliver it. Preparation. Um, yeah. So I almost feel like this lead is going, it's like starting to go into the education aspect, which is not what the lead is supposed to do. The lead is supposed to hook them and keep them there.

Um, but I'm not your prospect. So I don't know, like maybe this language would hook me and keep me here if I heard this, but I, I almost feel like whenever you start going into like an explanation of something, it's more like what should come after the lead? Because you're starting to like, it's like the lead is everything that you want to say to them to make, to make their ears perk up and like lock them in. And it feels like what you're saying here is like what you would say after all of that stuff to kind of legitimize what you said in the lead. Does that, does that make sense?

Yep, I get it. I can see that. Yeah. Okay. Got it.

Yeah. This part, you know, like where I'm talking about incentives to allow 'em to write off like that, that kind of thing. Yeah. Like I would just start with something like, look, there's a new and different way for you to lower your taxes by as much as a hundred k, um, and you can do it, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Mm-hmm.

It doesn't involve this, this, and this. And you don't have to fire your CPA and you don't have to worry about the IRS coming, knocking on your door. And you can implement this as early as X, Y, Z and start seeing results as soon as blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And if that's something that, uh, you're interested in, then sit down and stay tuned and listen to what I'm about to share with you. Boom.

And then I would go into this little segue that you have here. Okay. Okay. Got it. Okay.

So then, so that makes sense. Yeah. And I can see how this could be the explanation as to why it works. Like this could be a kind of a marketing argument element pointing to the unique mechanism. It works because there's iris approved incentives that exist.

Um, is that kinda what you're thinking? Yes. Okay. Got it. Okay.

So then let me ask you this. So I'm going after problem aware. This line that's highlighted was meant to point to problem aware and help them realize that there was a solution in isolation. I know that the, the lead's gonna be completely different. I probably will be talking about this in a lead.

If, does this make sense to say something like this? Um, what's the best way to ask this? Now I understand I should probably put this in the marketing argument potentially, but does it make sense having a statement like this where I'm helping bring awareness to that there's a potential solution? I'm not asking it the way that I'm gonna ask Your doctors don't realize that there are many IRS approved incentives that allow them to write off most of, if not all of their taxes if they implemented it. Mm.

I don't know, man. Like, that feels like that language of IRS approved incentives feels Yeah. Even that, like, even deductions, it feels like, um, like anemic and common. Yeah. That goes back to the IRS approved part, which is what I was worried about.

Well, so here's the thing, right? Talking about an IRS approved protocol sounds way more attractive and interesting than talking about IRS approved tax strategies because that, this sounds like a bunch of stuff that like, maybe I would think that my, uh, you know, maybe my CPA like that would almost make me think, oh, my CPA is already using all of these and like, then they didn't work for me, or he maxed them out, or whatever it might be. Like I wouldn't, I just wouldn't call it tax saving strategies, right? I would call it, you know, I wouldn't even say that there are many, like, I would just say that there is, there's this one protocol that your CPA likely does not know about. That to me feels way stronger than there's a bunch of these different things.

Hmm. Right Now, if it is a bunch of strategies that are combined, okay, we could talk about that later, right? Could talk about that in the marketing argument. But to start, that's not where I would start. Got it.

Yeah. It's almost like, so like if I was talking about a supplement, right? And the supplement lowered blood pressure with a proprietary blend of 10 different ingredients, I would never start the lead by saying that, oh, do you know? But there's this combination of 10 different ingredients and when you combine these 10 different things, you could lower your blood pressure safely and naturally, I just would never start there because number one, it feels watered down and it, it also feels like the prospect might think that they have to learn, they have to, they have to figure out what these 10 different phytonutrients are and they have to dose them and combine them and measure them, and it just could lead to things. Whereas I would talk about there's, uh, there's one single protocol right now, or you one single, uh, protocol or however I would name it.

I would talk about it as a singular thing. And then once I've got them hooked, then I would maybe talk about the blend later and talk about each different ingredient, but not in the lead. Because again, like they could think in your case, they could think that they have to go figure out what these strategies are. Sounds like it could be like a lot of overwhelming things. Mm-hmm.

You get what I'm saying? Yep. Yep. Okay. Got it.

Okay. So then, uh, next question is, once I get to the argument, I only have like three, maybe four that I think are the most compelling. That's okay, right? I, I don't need a whole bunch of 'em. When you say Four of the most compelling, what claims, I'm sorry, um, claims that Yeah, they, they would basically overcome, um, any objections about the, the mechanism?

So where, when you say that should be enough, what are you basing that on? Lemme put it another way. So my, my thesis is about, I'm, I'm also stuck on the thesis. So it's either the, the most, um, effective or it's the safest. I don't know which angle, I don't know which way to go for the unique mechanism, but what I have is obviously one of the claims is it's not audit free, but it's, uh, it's safe and, you know, approved basically by the IRS.

So it's one of the claims. Um, another one is you don't have to fire your CPA. That's another objection we get. Um, and I, I forget the third and fourth one, but yeah, I just have a handful that I feel like should cover all the main bases. So, um, what about, like, do you not think that there are other categories of skepticism that would apply to these prospects?

Like, um, but my practice is different. What if I'm a, does this apply to, you know, orthopedic surgeons? Does it apply to me because I'm a dentist or, you know, whatever it is? What about that kind of stuff? Yeah.

Um, What about how long is this gonna take? How complicated is this? Am I gonna have to restructure my entire business now because of this? How does this affect my previous returns? What about those kind of questions?

Mm-hmm. Yeah, those are good. So what I would do is I would, I would take that the promise and the thesis. So your thesis is that this is the most effective, the most effective way to lower your, uh, to save as much as a hundred K in your medical practices. With this IRS approved protocol, it's not the safest because the IRS approved part of it already alludes to the fact that it's the safest.

So it's the most effective, right? I would take that and I would put it into the marketing argument, GPT, just like we did, and let it come up with the 20 objections that it thinks your prospects would have. You can never, I want you to understand something, James, you can never go wrong with making too many claims. The only time that kind of backfires is if every claim is, is re is tied to the same benefit, but if each claim provides a different benefit, like I've never seen a campaign fail because too many objections were answered, right? Unless you are bringing up objections that really aren't there and you're creating a problem where there isn't one that's different, but in most cases I would say that you're gonna know, right?

The GP T's gonna give you those 20 objections, you'll be able to filter them out and be like, Hmm, Arby's legit objections that my prospects would have. And if they are, then you know, you should be prepared to overcome them with claims. Got it. Okay. Makes sense.

Um, and then just to zoom out, so once the marketing argument is finished, complete is basically that's where you get into the offer, right? Like, I know you mentioned like Epic Q section. If if there's miscellaneous things, I don't think I, I need to include that in this campaign. Um, what's the best way to ask this? So at the very end I have a, you know, like testimonials and then a little blurb from the, uh, the owner.

Yep. Um, I don't need to do anything special there, right? Like just, yeah, yeah. No, this is fine. Okay.

So then, then here's my, i's my question in looking at my competitors campaigns, oh, I got two questions for you then. In looking at my competitors two campaign or two of my competitors, two elements of my campaigns, uh, most of them are like one pagers. Like there is no scroll, it's literally just headline. You know, see if you can lower your taxes, talk to us. Um, so one that makes me wonder, am I doing too much?

You know, like for the whole campaign? I guess that's my first question. I can stop there. Yeah, I would never, yeah, I would, would never start there. I would start with more and then iterate from there and see if the data leads me to that conclusion.

Because the opposite could be true, which is that because your page is more robust, you're gonna do better than them. Okay. Right. So you wouldn't start, you don't know why There, you don't know why their pages are shorter. If they've tested and maybe iterated and gotten there through extensive testing, that's one thing.

It could be that they just threw that up and they think that's what works and that's what they're going with. And maybe there is a better way to do it, which is by having more copy. You don't know until you actually put it up there and test. But I very rarely, if ever start with that li I don't ever really start with that limited, oh, I got the page can't be long, or I can't be saying a lot of stuff for any reason, whether it's, uh, my prospects don't have the attention span, my competitors do it differently. Like, I just never start from that limited place.

I always start from the most and then I let the data tell me the story as to whether or not I need to start getting rid of stuff. Okay. So then that, that leads me to the question of like, 'cause there's, there's MVP landing page, minimal elements and see what they respond to versus like full marketing argument. Are you saying in this scenario that I'm in right now, you'd recommend the full thing? And is there a reason why you think Yeah, I would always start with the full thing.

Okay. I would always start with the full thing because I just want as many, like, I want as many opportunities to say what I need to say to get them to believe what I need them to believe to buy my thing. Mm-hmm. Okay. Got it.

Um, next question. This one should be, is like on the backs of that last one, pretty easy. Uh, probably 30, 40% of my competitors are doing webinars instead of a lead form to booking page. Um, I don't know anything about that. That's a whole nother can of worms, right?

I shouldn't even look at that. Is that correct? For right now? For right now I wouldn't, but I would be curious to know, like, so how are they, are they driving cold traffic to, to webinars? Yep.

And what are their offers, the offer at the end of the webinar? Are they selling directly on the webinar? Are they booking a call after the webinar's done? Uh, let me grab, okay, so like this guy, I pulled together a competitor sheet and it helps because I, I pulled out their big ideas and all that stuff. So this goes directly to like a webinar page.

I haven't gone gone through all these pages because I got a ton of competitors here. But, um, yeah, I guess guess the, yeah, probably better just to stick with lead gen for now and then For now, yeah, I would stick to what, you know, but I would definitely be like exploring this and finding out, have you jumped on any of these webinars to see like what the whole process is? Like? No, I just found all this out. So, yeah.

So I'd be curious to, because generally speaking, usually, usually not, not true in all cases, but usually if they're able to sell on a webinar, it's a lower price point than it would be like, webinars generally are, you know, anywhere from like 500. Again, these, these are not hard and fast numbers, but generally speaking, you know, 500 to like two, three, maybe five grand, once you start getting over that $5,000 territory, people want to have a conversation with somebody. Mm-hmm. Right. And so, and there's also something to be said about like, really knowing like your medium, like what you are best at, because sometimes, um, you know, if you are, if you are really good at closing over the phone and you have that process nailed, um, like I wouldn't really, I wouldn't deviate from that unless I saw a huge opportunity.

Like webinars, you gotta be good on webinars, man. Like it takes a special kind of person to be able to do that. Yeah. Yeah. I know.

It's a whole nother skillset. I wouldn't be doing it myself, but yeah, I know. It's a whole nother thing. I, so, okay, cool. That gives me a lot to think about.

Cool. K, appreciate it, man. Gimme one second. I'm just gonna run to the bathroom real quick and then we'll go over your stuff, okay? Sure.

Go ahead. Cool. Khaled, where are you from? I am located in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. Originally from Syria, but I'm in Canada.

Nice. Very cool. You know what, I did the research for you while you were talking about this like almost three weeks ago, and I would love to give you some feedback, uh, like I'm not your customer, but I like, I got some type of feedback. If you don't mind, if you would like to hear some feedback about that research. Yeah, please.

Yeah. So basically, uh, let me just share my screen and then we will wait for Paul as well. Here we go. So based off, okay, can you see, oh, no, this is another screen I don't wanna share. Give me one second please.

You know what, before I share my screen, basically, uh, James, you, what you are doing here is, uh, you are, uh, saying that you have two type of customers. One of them are at the unaware stage, and the other people at the problem aware stage where they know that they have a problem with A CPA or they have a CPA, but they don't know if that's enough. Uh, like your service enough for them to move on the CPA, which make the objection that should I really fire my CPA? Is that one of the things that you mentioned before? It's one of the Yeah, the, the problem is that they're overpaying other their taxes.

That's the problem. They, Yeah. So they are complaining about the problem. They're overpaying. Yeah.

Yes. And one of your solution that, you know what, based on your tier, I believe I remember you said last time it was like almost a me, uh, a million dollars that you can save them up to 100 ceiling, right? Like something like that, right? Mm-hmm. Yeah.

So what I did is, during that call, I did like very fast research about that. Uh, Paula, if you don't mind, I'm gonna just continue for Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, please. Uh, lemme just see, here we go. Hopefully this is gonna be there entire window.

I'm not sure if this is gonna share. Is it sharing now? So it's not sharing that window. What about this? Lemme just grab this.

It Started. There it goes. There We go. Oh, so you see my, so you see my screen? Yes.

Your desktop? Yes. Okay. What about now? Gimme one second please.

You see the window that I'm sharing? Yes. Yes. Mm-hmm. Okay, so here we go.

So here is what happened, James. So I believe it was three weeks ago, let me just go back. So it was 21 days ago, I did the taxes strategist versus CPA while you were talking to, uh, Paul, and I realized like, just allow me for, let's say two minutes just to share with you what I got. I realized that a lot of people who are talking about the higher, uh, uh, knowledge coming from Texas strategist or yourself, or your, uh, uh, mechanism versus the CPA, a lot of them on the unaware stage look at at their answer. Like, the search that's coming up from my research says, let's say, what is the difference between the them, right?

Uh, I, I believe I went down to Reddit and I found, look, a lot of people are saying, does it make sense to hire Texas strategists? So I'm, I'm seeing all of the patterns coming over and over again. Uh mm. Here we go. Okay, what is the tax strategist, which is basically tax strategist versus CPA?

Let me go to Cora. You're gonna see most of these coming. Like when, when I see pattern coming up, I wa I wanted to address that. So here, here is another point. When should I hire a CPA or tax strategist?

See, it's the same question coming over the internet. When should you hire an accountant versus, right? Hmm, by the way, okay, one real Quick, James. So I noticed that in Reddit, one of the threads was Vegas locals. That's another possible objection or question.

Does, does this, does it matter what state I live in, right? Because every state has different tax laws or payroll laws and, you know, all that kind of stuff. That could be another thing. Does this apply to me if I'm in a state like Nevada? Mm-hmm.

Yeah, it could be. It could be. If you don't mind, lemme just continue with one more point. Yeah. Or I believe yeah.

Be because I, like, I build that point based on the, uh, research that happened three weeks ago. So, look here, people are asking, should I have two different to compare? Now, my point is, when I went down to Medium and I saw articles, look what one of the articles is saying. The, okay, so this is a very nice one. It says, which one is fit for your financial goals.

This is a very nice hook that I found because it's answering these claims. And I believe when I scroll down, I, oh, here we go. Is your CPA future proof? So the point that I wanna highlight here, if people are, uh, if people are really asking these, uh, questions, maybe like, I, I like this idea where I'm gonna say, should I aspire their dreams and tell them, oh, I'm gonna save you that much, which is, I believe this is your thesis, right? Like, I'm gonna, if you up to 100 K, but why not?

I'm throwing, like, if they are towards the, what they call it, the problem aware, I will throw rocks at their enemies, which is the CPA who is not saving them that much. But I'm not gonna replace your CPA, just take my strategy, give it to him, right? So this is what, what my point, just make it, I'm not sure if like, test it. I'm, I'm not, I'm not gonna say make it, but I'm gonna say test it. Where you gonna tell them, you know, what is your CPA future proof?

Is it the time to consider the strategy, et cetera? Makes sense? This is me throwing rocks at the PA and I'm telling them, I'm not gonna tell you to fire them, but take this strategy, let the expert work on it. Something like that, right? I see.

Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I I wanted to talk to you about it like, uh, three weeks ago, but that call, like end of, uh, uh, so many people in it. So I didn't wanna interfere, but yeah.

Yeah, this is something I appreciate that. How would you, what service is that? I'm sorry? What service is that where you can see all those? Oh, uh, this is, this is actually my software.

So I have a software listen that listen to, uh, uh, social media. It's a social media listener. So I give it to the, the, what we call it, uh, the keyword. And it just grab all of the information all in one location to make it easy for people just to, to, to recognize patterns, right? Like at the end of the day, here is what I say when it comes to pattern James, like when you have, uh, a quantify research, the quantity become its own quality, right?

Because it's a pattern now. Mm-hmm. Okay. And I highlight it and I use it as one of big OB objection that I wanna really address when it comes to the, uh, quantitative research. Make sense?

Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. That's cool. That's it.

Yeah. Nice. I appreciate that For that feedback. Okay. Uh, Can, can I throw in one more question for both of you?

Then? Go for it. So, so, so that you bring up a great point, Khaled. Yeah. So here's now where I'm struggling with this campaign, I haven't struggled with, with any other campaigns like this.

Um, so now the question is they're problem aware that what? That they're overpaying on taxes. That was the one that thesis I was spacing off of. Like, you know, that that problem awareness or is it that they're problem aware that their CPA is not gonna do their thing, or that they're, they're not a tax strategist. Like they, they're now aware and they need to find a replacement.

Like how, what layers should I be entering this idea of levels awareness also, those things that you found Khaled in those articles, I do think that there's a level where they're probably at a million, two, $3 million plus that they probably have an awareness level of tax strategists. I agree. Anybody below that, which is, right. So, so now the question is like, if I'm going problem aware, am I excluding the million dollar? Does that make sense for, for both of you?

Like how do you, To me it's the same, it's the same problem. The problem is that they are overpaying in taxes. That's the problem. What you are talking about in terms of the CPA not knowing and this and that, these are different angles to which you approach the conversation about that problem. Mm-hmm.

I totally agree. Consider it as objection, objection handling. Right, right, Paul. Yeah. Or angles, right?

Yeah. So when we talk about angles is really the direction to which you are entering the conversation, right? That that's really all an angle is, but ultimately it's the same problem, right? Of course, yeah. Different angles resonate differently with different people, but we're still talking about the same problem.

So, you know, for example, I just, we just did a promotion for the unique mechanism, GPT, right? To, to Todd's list selling just the GPT by itself with some, with some digital stuff, right? So I could stick to just one angle like that. This GPT will help you create a unique mechanism. But instead, and this is something I'm gonna go over next week in the training, is I came up with eight different angles.

So like, angle number one is how to make your product or service the only logical choice, right? It positions your offer as the only inevitable choice. Second angle is speed to differentiation. So this appeals to like business owners that want results fast. Third angle is proof that you already have.

So instead of saying like, um, like, you need more of this or you need more of that, um, or you think that like you don't have enough testimonials or enough case studies, no, you already have proof in your product or service, but you're not extracting it the right way. The GPT will do that for you, right? Uh, it could be another angle was like the hidden gold in your offer. So your offer already has something that differentiates it from everything else, but you just haven't found it yet. Right?

And you sent all of them in the same campaign or the angle? Oh, No, no, no. So, Okay, Got it. On each one? No, I, we did it through email.

So in Every Email I'm talking about the same problem, but in a different way. Got it. So that's the way I see this, James, is it's, at the end of the day, it's still the problem of overpaying. Yes. How you talk about that problem is, one way of doing it is the fact that the CPA isn't aware of it.

A next is your CPA is too lazy. Another way is, uh, your CPA, uh, does things the wrong way. Like I'm just thinking like off the top of my head, right? Those are just angles that you use to start the conversation. Okay.

And then the last thing, so I decided problem aware because it all, most of my competitors were talking to the problem aware audience, not solution aware. Is that the best way to know? Like, the way I see it is like, you'd go after solution aware. Like if you were a, a plumber and there's like a hundred plumbers nearby you, you go solution aware because people are, the market knows. So you've gotta talk to that, that level awareness.

Is that how you would look at it? Because I, I'm, I'm, I'm only going problem aware because most of my competitors speak to the problem aware versus like, Hey, I'm the best tax strategist. Yeah. With, with the comparison to like, plumbers, it's a little bit different just because like, um, accessibility plays a role in that. Like, how fast can the plumber get to your house?

How close do they are, are they to you in proximity to solve the problem, right? Mm-hmm. Like if I got a clogged toilet and I try one plumber and he doesn't answer the phone, I'm just going right to the next one. Like, I ain't looking for the best plumber, right? I'm just looking for somebody that can solve the problem right away in this context, that's a little bit different.

I, the, the, the key thing to remember is that a campaign that works for problem aware will always work for every level above it. So the, you, there's never a disadvantage in doing a problem aware campaign. Got it. Correct. Yep.

Makes sense. Makes sense. Awesome. Uh, last thing, can you share those slides you did last week or do you have access to that? Yes.

Could I get access something? Yes. Uh, Khaled, let's jump into your stuff. Yes. Here we go.

So, uh, uh, so Paul, I, uh, I have a new opportunity. Let's call, or, uh, my question is all about, uh, brainstorming idea with you, which basically it's a business that my wife opened and I'm supporting her, uh, which basically baking cookies. Okay? Now, the point is I'm, uh, like, uh, my question is all about, uh, awareness, uh, or brand awareness campaign. Okay?

Yeah. So the point, okay, so she has the idea that she, when I reach out, let me, let me give you more context if you don't mind, uh, for the next, uh, two minutes. So basically she opened this business with a blank, brand new Instagram and TikTok page. Next day she got orders, and the next day she got more orders. So, so we realized that, you know, what, if the next two, three days, we got immediately, let's say four or five orders right away, right?

So, you know what? Let's build more awareness. Okay? This is the point. Yeah.

So she came up with the idea that, you know what, even I'm sending cookies. I don't wanna just tie my brand awareness to the, to my own cookie, which is her own cookie. No, let me just make a brand awareness to the cookie in general. And she came up with the idea that, you know what, I'm gonna take the cookie and go take a photo of the cookie while she's holding the cookie and share it with the people and tell them, you know what? Every one of them, every one of you, regardless, where are you?

Just take a photo of your cookie and send it to me. It doesn't matter. I don't need it to be my cookie. It's about cookie adventure, right? Yeah.

And every week, we're gonna give, let's say a hundred dollars dollars, $50 for each winner, for the best cookie for cookie photo, which is we're gonna select randomly, et cetera. Okay? My idea came up with, which is another brand awareness campaign. I found it with so many different competitors, not in the cookie industry, but so many co uh, uh, uh, competitors where they have something like the curiosity driven campaign. Okay?

Now I'm gonna share my campaign idea, and then you give me your answer, if you don't mind. My campaign idea is she has a stuffed cookies. Good. Let's say she opened the cookie and you see the Nutella coming, the chocolate, all of that, the lotes, et cetera, right? So I told her, let's do some stuffed cookies, let's say with blue cream inside it, some something, something like that.

You need anyways, people who buy your cookie, you need them to open the cookie, cut it in half, open it, and squeeze it on camera so they, they see the chocolate like going out. Now, if they squeeze it, and that blue chocolate going out immediately, these are the winners. Now people gonna buy the cookie because something hidden. It's a hidden gem inside it. And they gonna share their reaction, whether it's hidden or not, because the cookie is are yummy anyways, right?

But they're gonna share it. And let's make the two campaign on two level. The first level, let's make a weekly winner, let's say a hundred, a hundred dollars every week, something like that. The second one, I'm gonna start reaching out to influencers in the area and make so many influencers win as well at the very beginning. So let's put, let's say, I'm not sure, 5K on the side, a hundred or $50 for each winner.

And let's just make it, a lot of them win at the very beginning. So my idea where, like, we were in a car and I told her, Paul told me like, this is exactly what I told her. I told her, you, uh, uh, uh, what we call it, uh, um, uh, primary promise is the amazing cookie taste, the amazing, something like that. But we, in our, in our marketing, we need to focus on something unique, right? Which is in our marketing, we're not selling cookies.

Let's sell the, the unique thing. Let's sell the hidden gem where the only way they get the hidden gem is through buying your cookies. This is where I introduce your idea, right? Okay. And she loved it.

Right? Now, uh, now all of this is all about only bread awareness. What is your input on these two companies? I think it's, I Think it's brilliant. There we go.

It's brilliant. I will say that these are, so this is not my wheelhouse, right? Uh, this is not like, um, it's not my wheelhouse. In fact, Todd and I were talking about this the other day, and like I was telling him how I'm working with a client now who's got half a million YouTube subscribers, and she's gonna do $10 million this year in top line revenue, but she hasn't cracked the cold traffic code, like paid traffic. And she wants to be able to do that, right?

So she doesn't necessarily have a problem in her business. Yeah. She just wants to take her business to the next level by mastering paid traffic. Cool. And what I said was, I said, I wish I had the problem of just opening up a YouTube, starting a YouTube channel, and making $10 million a year, or putting up at like my, my best friend, he's a personal trainer.

He's got like 22,000 followers on Instagram. He posts Instagram videos, he gets like five dms a day. He gets on the phone with people. He's, he doesn't even close them. He, he basically onboards them because they're already closed, uh, through his website.

Exactly. They buy personal training packages from him. Got it. And he doesn't have to do any selling or any direct response marketing or anything. And, but it's a world that I know nothing about.

It's a, it's almost like magical to me. Like when you said, oh, we, we put up a TikTok video and we got orders. I've never had that happen. I have a, I have a YouTube channel. I have an Instagram.

I don't do much on it, but I've never had that happen. I don't know if that's because, you know, you get what you focus on. And I always focus on pay traffic, pay traffic, pay traffic. But my point is that, because that is all I focus on, and that is what we specialize in, is, you know, acquisition through paid traffic. I don't know anything about this, but I, I think the idea and the concept is brilliant.

The head and gym one, or the share your cookie, regardless of both of them. Cookie been of Okay, got it. Got it. Both of them. Yeah.

But the, the hidden gem one is especially that is ver that's really good because the sharing thing, um, I probably wouldn't have thought of it off the top of my head, but that's because I don't do this kind of stuff. But I know that the idea of sharing, like, uh, with this type of stuff is a common thing. But the hidden thing, that's, that's different. Yeah. That's different.

Well, Yeah. Uh, thank you for the feedback anyways. I still, when I back up the same claim that I actually got this mindset from you teaching me this. I love it. Yeah.

Well, I'm, I'm happy to hear that. I mean, yeah. But I think it's a brilliant idea. Yeah. Yeah.

Okay. Yeah. So I'm, I'm gonna run these two campaigns and let's see where it goes. Yep. Okay.

Any other questions? Okay. That's it. Thank you. Oh, Khaled.

So you waited all this time just to ask me that question. You could have asked me that question an hour ago. It's okay. It's okay. I, I am learning with from everybody, actually.

I, I still would love if James, could you please just share one thing with me, like in a even is a link that, uh, cloud flare that you have, that it saves you a lot on, uh, uh, a scam bot or like all of these, I just visited their website, but they have so many products. If you can give me only the link that supports, uh, uh, uh, the ads that block these bots, I would love to please. Yep. Happy to gimme one second. Sure.

But, uh, Paul, I'm, I'm learning from you all the time, like, and from everybody. So this is the reason I, I, I dedicate time to these calls. Oh, I love hearing that. Yeah. Same here.

Same here. Okay. If you wanna, uh, go ahead Paul and teach us. We are listening. And I, I'll wait for the link from James.

Yeah. So actually tonight we're out of time. Uh, yes. Just 'cause it's already eight 20 and I have to, I have to run. Okay.

But I do have a, a very good training that I will do for you next week. Sure. Um, and it's good because it's a little, there is gonna be some tactical stuff in it, but it's really more about my mindset and how I think about when I, when I create a campaign or when I create a, a promotion. Um, in this context, I'm gonna talk about, I'm gonna use an example of an internal promotion, like when I come up with a promotion to our list. Yeah.

List, yeah. Like how I approach that. Um, and then I'll share some tactics of how I, you know, how I come up with angles and, and things like that. And kind of like my process for editing the copy and all that kind of stuff. Um, how I think about the goal, like what is the goal of the campaign, what do I, what do I wanna achieve with it?

And all that kind of good stuff. So make sure you're here next week or at least watch the recording. 'cause that's gonna be a good one. Thank you. Thank you.

Um, if we don't have anything else for today, guys, we're done. You're outta here, you're finished. Um, And I'll see, yeah, I'm just gonna take the link from James if, if you don't mind, go ahead. And then Yeah, lemme just see $25 a month if you want the full security, which is what I'm paying for. Sure.

And over there you said you only go to the, uh, uh, what we call it. You said you go to super bot mode and they block the boss for you. You don't have to go one at a time. No, but I would recommend, I mean, if we talk again, I can give you the list of what I've also blocked on top of that because that, that's, that's made a big difference too. But, but yeah.

Super bot mode is the biggest. That'll cover 50% of your, your bots. Sure. Okay. Thank you so Much.

So you said that, wait, that one setting, James, what is it? So you called it super bot mode. That's what they call it. If you have it, if you can share it, the, the screenshot or like the process that you block or, or the countries that you block, just share it now in the next two minutes. If you, if you have time, if you don't mind.

Yeah. You know, it would actually, so I spent a lot of time going through setting by setting. Oh. If You want. Okay.

If, if you want at some point, I'm happy to just open up my screen and just show all the screens and you just, you can copy it. I, I went down the rabbit hole. There's a lot of rabbit holes to go down, but it's just buttons that you push. So that's the, that's the best part is it's just buttons. There's no programming, but you just have to hit the right buttons.

That's the thing. Type, uh, poll do we have, let's say three, four minutes? Yeah. Yeah, sure. Yeah.

Do you mind, James, if you share, if you have a few minutes? Yeah, I, I can, I can do it. I'd have to, uh, gimme a second. I'd have to think about all the different places I went. But Even if we see the screens, we'll just like try to see how we can match similar stuff.

You don't have to just explain it, I believe. Yeah, just show us the screen. I'll make it super simple. Yeah. So first of all, you have to move the DNS um, are you familiar with DNS and all that stuff?

Yes. Okay. So you just have to move the DNS to CloudFlare. CloudFlare is now the new DNS server and it basically hides your real IP address. So that's one way it, it, it, uh, protects you.

It's using cloudflare's DNS, so it's like a middleman. So it's, that's, that's one nice layer. Once you move the DNS over, I'll just show you, um, where is it? Records, uh, it's what's called proxied. So all you have to do is you just turn on the proxy for the domain.

Once that's turned on, that means that, um, you can set up all the CloudFare security and this is basically a firewall. That's basically what this does. So, super simple to set up. Like if you know how to do DNS stuff, like that's, that part's easy. Um, literally I only went to, uh, where is it?

Pass the question. You have a specific subdomain for the ads or that your main domain, uh, that you are moving as a DNS? All the above. Yeah. I just, I I have, well, I have, I have a separate, my setup is not gonna make sense, but I have just, uh, all sub note, all subdomains are protected.

And the root domain, I have it separate. 'cause I, I have a different reason for it. But, but yeah, you can do whatever you want. You can just turn off the protection if you don't want it, but you might as well do it. 'cause you can apply it to every website, you know, with that DNS Yeah.

Uh, I'm trying to find, yeah, you saw that, that setting where, wherever that setting was. Um, oh, wait, hold on. Lemme go here. Security. Yeah.

Here we go. Okay. So I have block AI bots. Mm-hmm. Lemme write that.

So these are AI crawlers, so that way I don't have like GPT crawling my page, um, clo or whatever. So somebody's like, Hey, what are competitors of, you know, these tax planning campaigns? So I've got that turned on. I mean, it is literally just a setting. So super easy.

Um, and then I have, um, all this stuff is default, uh, default, default. Uh, and it's at the very bottom here, super bot fight mode. It detects spots that you can challenge, block, or protect and provides analytics. So basically this, this is the main thing. Yeah.

This just allows you to look at everything. I have verified bots, uh, allowed. Um, these are basically safe bots. So like crawlers, like Google, you know, Google's crawler bot or Facebook. If you're running Facebook ads, you need to, you need to allow it so it can, you know, crawl your page and know what you're running ads to.

Everything else is just, uh, well, you could just screenshot of this if you want. Yeah. Makes sense. That's it. That's like 90% of it.

And then the only other thing are these, um, and I can, I can send this to you. This is really right here. The biggest thing, um, what, uh, every hosting company buys a block of IP addresses so that they can distribute them to like servers. I, I don't know if, I don't know the level of what you guys know about hosting and stuff. Do you guys know like, basics of hosting or did that make sense what I just said?

Or am I just very Basic? Like probably No, no, not much beyond what you just said. Yeah. Okay. Perfect.

Perfect. E even better. Um, all this is, so basically I could pay $20 to get a hosting company and I can buy an, an AI spam bot for like five bucks if I was in, in India or whatever else. I'll buy like a $5 AI bot, install it on my, my hosting account. And that hosting account will literally just go to everybody's page and try to, try to crawl it, try to fill in information that's fake, goes to Facebook and tries to do all that stuff, right?

Each of these numbers, uh, I can give you each of these numbers. These are all the different hosting companies that people would install the bots on. So like, if you ever heard of host skater or, or GoDaddy. Yep. Like these are the most common sites.

No, no. Real human is going to be, uh, using GoDaddy to view a website. They're gonna be on Verizon. They're gonna be at t, right? So, so this is the easiest way to do it.

We literally just list, actually, you can just take this And you added them one by one, or these are the default coming from this, the thing. You can actually just copy what I put in the chat. There we go. There We go. Here we go.

Yeah. I'll Copy you can actually make you see right here it says edit expression. Yeah. Whoops. Uh, I messed it up.

Did I mess it up? Yeah, you can just edit expression and literally just paste what I put in there and it'll do all of it for you. Amazing. Yeah. Thank you so much.

Yeah, for sure. And it is crazy. The, the bots are just like, I mean, every once in a while there's a new one and I'll, I'll like block it, but like, it's so rare now. It's like they just can't get it. And You saw a huge difference in the cost of the ads because you block all of these spots.

Oh my gosh. It, the, it reoptimize Facebook. So now here's what I did. I did a, um, a $10 a day landing page view campaign. Mm-hmm.

And most of, a lot of media buyers now are saying, don't do that, because they can, it just attracts bots. But now I can do it because I know they'll never make it to the page if they're a bot. So now Facebook has no option but to optimize for people who will make it to the page. So now it's for sure not bots that are going there. So now all my conversion campaigns are finally picking up.

So just a quick question on that, James. So like, um, but have you found that, are you actually converting visitors, like into customers that when you're optimizing for landing page views? No, no, no. The, the landing page view campaign. Well, yeah, it'll never, that'll never produce leads.

I did that to train the pixel to find the non bots. Got it. Okay. Got it. That's the only reason I did it.

So yeah, I'm gonna shut it off in like a day or two, but, got it. Yeah. The, the only purpose is my pixel got really inundated with fake leads. So now it's like, what the, the fastest way to do it is I do landing page campaign. So that way Facebook is optimizing for landing page views, but bots can never view the page because I'm blocking them.

Got it. So now, now it's forced to find the real people. Got It. Oh, that's, that's good, man. I, I dig it.

That's amazing idea. Amazing. Yeah. That's good Stuff. It worked.

I'm so excited for it. So, yeah. Good Stuff, man. Anyway, thank you for sharing. Appreciate that.

Amazing. Thank you. Thank you so much. Yeah, absolutely. Thank you, Paul.

Alright, gentlemen, it's been a pleasure. Yeah, thank you Paul. Yep. I'll see you guys next week. Enjoy the rest of your evening.

Sounds good. Thank you. Thanks. Nice weekend. Bye-Bye Bye.

Cheers. Cheers.
