---
title: "Weekly-Marketing-Call-June192024"
date: 2024-06-19
duration: 29m
duration_seconds: 1793
vimeo_id: 962403698
folder: "_unfiled"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Weekly-Marketing-Call-June192024

**Date:** 2024-06-19 | **Duration:** 29m | **Folder:** _unfiled

---

Alright, gag. So I'm recording this week's training for you. This is the second time that I'm attempting to record this bad boy. So some technical difficulties, uh, while I was in top one. And so let's keep our fingers crossed that this goes well.

So today, in today's training, what we're gonna be talking about is follow up, specifically follow up in marketing campaigns. Primarily we're gonna be talking about email, but specifically we're gonna be talking about 16 different hooks angles that we can use, uh, as part of the follow up, 16 different hooks angles that we can use to lengthen the follow up to have more to say, uh, so that we're not repeating the same thing over and over so that we're not merely just kind of repeating the same emails that we used, uh, earlier on in the follow-up. You know, one of the big things that I see is oftentimes follow-up sequences end up being arbitrarily shortened, and they're usually arbitrarily shortened because the marketer or entrepreneur doesn't know what else to say to the prospect in order to move them to buy. And so rather than merely continuously repeating over and over to the same things that were already said in the follow up, they end the follow up sequence. But the reality is, is that there is so much content that we can put out in front of them that helps to further the sale.

I'm gonna share with you 16 different hooks, 16 different angles, kind of 16 different things that we can use to build our follow-up messages around. And you'll see that some of these 16 hooks can be used multiple times and yet have a different message. So the aim here is to bring in more diversity into the follow-up to have more to say that addresses different kind of concerns, objections, benefits, um, outcomes, all that kind of stuff as you're gonna see. And gives us the ability to really lengthen the follow up, gives us the ability to say more, to communicate more, to move prospects to, uh, to ultimately buy. And so I'm gonna walk through this, so let me share my screen over here.

There we go. And then let me go ahead and bring this bad boy up. Okay. So, like I said, very simple, and I'm just gonna go through these now. We've likely covered, I, I would have to say at certainly at some point, we've covered all 16, 16 of these hooks in different contexts on different trainings and whatnot.

But I wanna give you them all here and give you a very brief kind of explanation of each so that you understand kind of how I see them and how, um, I deploy them. And so this is in no particular order. So this is not in order of what should come first, second, third in a particular follow-up sequence. These can be mixed and matched in a variety of different ways. There are a couple of little nuances that I wanna point out in terms of ones that you don't wanna repeat right after each other, but I'll I'll point those out as we get to them.

So let's start with the first, uh, of the 16 hooks, which is why now, and specifically in this context, what we are talking about is ultimately communicating the reason why right now is the ideal perfect time for the prospect to take advantage of the solution. Oftentimes, we talk about this as a catalyst. Catalyst is one of the, uh, is one of the more valuable tools, marketing tools that we have when it's available to us. A catalyst is really kind of a, a situation and occurrence or something that is about to occur, something that is about to happen that makes the solution that much more valuable and potentially makes the problem that much more worse or that much more severe. And so, is there something that occurred or is occurring or is about to occur in the marketplace?

Is there a change in the law? Is there a change in the economy? Is there a change in technology? Did something happen or is something happening or is something about to happen that makes right now the perfect time for the prospect to respond? That's one way of doing right, of doing the why now or using the why now hook.

And if you really think about it, you, you see this used and you've seen this used, uh, in a number of different ways. Certainly we see the catalyst often used in the financial publishing space. Sometimes this can be when an IPO is about to happen or when there is a change in the law, uh, or when on X date, you know, something is being announced from the Fed or something like that. Those, all of those different things are catalysts, right? They're things that are kind of occurring that are bringing about other situations and scenarios.

We've also seen this play out in the online marketing world with things like when Google changed their, when Google changes their algorithm. Uh, for SEO for search engine optimization, that's a catalyst. Or when Google or Gmail changes the way that it processes emails, right? That's a catalyst for a new deliverability, uh, solution. Or even kind of bigger, more general catalyst things like the, uh, the, the popularity and now prevalence of ai, right?

The kind of the, the expansion and popularity of AI is a catalyst, right? That is bringing about a different scenario, a different situation, and make certain problems worse and make certain solutions that much more valuable. So that's one way of doing the why. Now, the other way of doing the why now, and it really all depends on the, the audience, and it depends on the problem being solved and the solution and whatnot, but is sometimes is this idea of right, that every day that goes by, that you don't solve this problem, the problem is potentially getting worse, leading to more severe problems. And or, you know, in some instances it, it could be costing you, right?

It could be costing you money, it could be costing you growth, it could be costing you whatever. And so sometimes there is no catalyst, but you can still emphasize or give a reason for why now is the ideal time. And really kind of the simplest way to think about this is, right, if I asked you why is now the perfect time for somebody to get started with this solution, what would your answer be? Right? Hopefully you would either think through the answer and then give one, or you've already thought through the answer and can give one, right?

That's an answer that needs to be addressed, right? Why now? Because if we don't have a sound solid reason for why now, well then why should the prospect respond right now? Why not delay, right? And so you could also ask that question, which is kind of the reverse.

What is the downside of delaying on taking this action right now? Like, what is the downside of not implementing this solution right now? What are the negatives? What are the potential negatives? What are the upcoming negatives?

What are they gonna miss out on? And so on. And so that's why now, and this can be a standalone follow up message, right? A hook, a theme in and of it in and of itself. Now, one other thing that I wanna point out before we go on to the next of the 16 hooks is that remember the rule of one that, you know, you may see you, you know, you may say, well, I do that and I combine it with this and this and this, right?

Uh, and so I'm talking about these three or four things. Remember the rule of one that ideally what you wanna do in your follow up is you want to, you, you wanna nail one idea, like one theme, one hook, one angle, one main narrative. You wanna leave the prospect with one thought, with one belief, with one takeaway, and one action. That's right. Ultimately, that, that's the simplicity of communication.

That's when communication is not only simple, but it is clear. When you start to add in multiple ideas, multiple angles, multiple narratives, multiple takeaways, it becomes that much more complex and oftentimes can leave prospects, not really sure, you know, not really being able to see the clear takeaway. So the rule of one. And so this is why something like why now is a great standalone hook angle to use as part of the follow up. Then we've got the unresolved problem.

And this is really just focusing on, right? Like, what happens if they don't resolve the, the problem that they have? What are they gonna continue to deal with? What are they gonna continue to experience? What are they gonna mi continue to miss out on?

Uh, what are they not going to achieve, right? And sometimes it can be future pacing where that unresolved problem can lead to, which is sometimes a worse situation than what it is that they are in right now. So in this particular hook, all we're dealing with is the problem, and we're kind of, you know, twisting the knife, if you will. We're really just making sure that the prospect understands the, um, the issue of not resolving the problem, of not resolving the problem properly, of letting the problem linger. What that means for them, like we want to, we, we don't wanna allow them to bury their head in the sand.

We don't want them, we don't wanna allow them to, um, to ignore it or not address it, or not confront it. We wanna bring them face to face with what it means to not resolve this problem. What all the pain points that it's causing them, right? And ultimately where it can lead if they don't resolve the, um, the problem, of course, we're not making anything up here. We're right, we're doing them a disservice if we don't cover that, uh, for them, and we allow them to believe that, right?

It's okay that nothing more severe is gonna happen, that they can still achieve their goals if they leave this problem unresolved. Um, and so on. So this is all about, you know, un un, you know, not leaving the problem unresolved. Then we've got, and I really will cover these two, these two different hooks, hook number three and hook number four at the same time, because they're kind of twins of each other. They're kind of the opposite sides of the, of the, of the same coin or two different sides of the same coin, so to speak.

And so the first one is what I call the logical outcome, or typically the primary promise. This is the result, the transformation, the outcome, the change that they want. This is the thing, if they said to you like, I want to lose 15 pounds, this is us covering, this is us covering and showing and demonstrating and explaining how our solution, ultimately our offer powered by our unique mechanism can give them the outcome that they want, the primary promise that they want. This may be unpacking the unique mechanism a little bit more, even if you've already unpacked it in the marketing and sales vehicle. This is us unpacking the unique mechanism a a little bit more, but it's ultimately showing to them, proving to them that yes, you can experience this outcome, you can experience this change, and here's why, and here's why.

You can experience it quicker, easier, you know, uh, with less risk, safer, more consistently, whatever it may be, whatever that superiority aspect of the mechanism provides, we can highlight that here. But here, what we are ultimately focusing on is that tangible, logical outcome. Now, you can see that the fourth hook is the emotional outcome. This is really, this is very similar to the difference between a functional benefit and a dimensionalized benefit or a functional benefit. And, uh, you know, and a and an emotional benefit, really.

Um, and here it is, the emotional outcome is how does experiencing the primary promise, how will that make them feel, right? Like, so this is much more about the emotional impact, whether it be the confidence, whether it be the joy, whether it be the peace, whether it be, you know, less stress. What we're talking about here with this hook, right, is really ultimately the emotional benefit, the primary emotional benefit or benefits that they will experience and can experience When they experience the logical outcome, the primary promise. And so, right? See, we're focusing like, look, if you look at just these four hooks, these four angles, right?

And the first one, it's why now is the perfect opportunity for you to, to reap the rewards of this solution? Why right now makes this the ideal time to use the solution? The next hook is the unresolved problem and like what it's causing them and what it, how it's wreaking havoc and what it can cause in the future by future pacing if they don't address this and why solving this problem is critical, right? And then ultimately it's flipping it, right? It's showing them that in the next hook and in hook number three, that yes, you can experience X, Y, Z, and what we're communicating to them is exactly the outcome that they want.

And we're showing them and explaining and unpacking for them how yes, they can experience that outcome. And then in the fourth hook, the emotional, um, outcome, it's, we are unpacking how that is going to make them feel that after they experience the benefits, the outcome, the result, the transformation from your solution, what life will feel like for them, right? What life will feel like. And you could really say that this is kind of the emotional slash you know, experiential outcome. So what, what they'll be experiencing in their life and how that will make them feel.

And so that is the fourth hook. The fifth hook is the unique mechanism. And this is just all about really what makes this solution wildly different from all the others, right? This is highlighting the fact that there is something different behind this. And this difference delivers a superior result, whether it's quicker, whether it's easier, whether it's more reliable, whether it's safer, blah, blah, blah, whatever aspect of superiority you're claiming for your unique mechanism.

Here we are really unpacking the unique mechanism. And so this is making sure that they understand what is different and superior about your solution, which is ultimately the unique mechanism and highlighting that to make sure that they have a full understanding that this is not like anything else that they've tried before. And ultimately, what we're doing through this is we're instilling hope in the prospect. We're giving that them hope that maybe this time things will be different because this time they're using something that they haven't used before or, or you know, that the benefit is being delivered by something that they haven't experienced before, which is your unique mechanism. Next is, you know, is pretty common sense is, you know, is social proof.

And here we're just, you know, we're, we're providing social proof and this could be a variety of proof. And even if you provide a variety of proof of individuals that have, um, taken advantage of this and raved about it, whether this is endorsements, whether this is testimonials, whether this is, you know, uh, you know, call it a little bit of, uh, case study and so on. Ultimately we're looking for diverse proof here. And so understand that diverse proof still follows the rule of one, because the rule of one is about demonstrating social proof, right? And so all we're doing in this is providing social proof of giving them evidence that others are, um, you know, are reaping great rewards from this.

In line with this, or somewhat similar to this, is leveraging the bandwagon effect. And the bandwagon effect is kind of a cognitive bias that we tend to follow the herd. And so, right, wrong or indifferent, most people tend to follow the herd. The example that Dr. Cini gives, like, right, if you're getting off a, a plane and you've gotta go to baggage claim to get your bag, and you see the majority of people turn right, there's a great likelihood that you're gonna turn right rather than turn left.

It's the rare individual that would turn left when they see the majority of people turning right? We tend to believe that the more people that are doing something that, that, the more likely that decision is to be a good one, right? A sound one we trust kind of the, you know, the decision making of the masses, right or wrong, right? And, uh, we could have a separate conversation about, you know, really why you don't wanna do what the masses do. 'cause then you get what the masses get.

And in terms of business and marketing success, right? That's average and mediocre results. But here, right, we can leverage that and we're leveraging that by potentially talking about the numbers of people that have responded, um, to this or that, right? If, you know, we never wanna lie, we never wanna lie or make this up. If this exists, then you wanna use this, the amount of people that are requesting access to this, the amount of people visiting the sales page, the amount of people, um, ordering how, you know, the, the, the, the, the large percentage of people that are taking advantage of this ul, excuse me.

Ultimately, what we're doing is by demonstrating that we're creating this bandwagon effect, we're showing them that you're, you now just exited the plane. You have a decision of whether to go right, you know, right or left, and right now, the majority of people are also going, are going right, and you want to do that, right? We're not gonna say you want to do that, but we're leveraging the bandwagon effect as the, um, the hook. Then we've got, and I'm gonna un unpack these two because they're directly tied together, or usually they're tied together, and that is scarcity and urgency, scarcity. You know, you should only use scarcity when scarcity truly exists, right?

Scarcity is all about, you know, the, the, the, the volume of availability that means, right? If you only have a certain number of appointments, if you only have a certain number of copies, if you only have a certain number of students you can take, or right? If there's only so much that you can, you can take, um, at any one point, that is scarcity, right? And scarcity ultimately creates urgency when people feel that something is scarce, right? And there's an, an interest in it, right?

What happens, you know, we know that, you know, FOMO kicks in and, uh, and they're that much more likely to respond. Scarcity and urgency are not the same thing because urgency, uh, scarcity is a type of urgency, but there is more to urgency than just scarcity. So scarcity is also, excuse me, urgency is ultimately what's the reason for them to respond right? Now? Is there a deadline coming up?

That's typically the most common thing that we, we we do, right? We attach a deadline, we give them an actual time and date for when they need to respond. And so, um, there's urgency, but you can have a standalone email or standalone follow-up message that leverages scarcity, and then a standalone follow-up that leverages urgency. This is, however, one of those examples where I would not have these back to back, so I would not have, you know, let's say a follow up message today about scarcity and then a follow up message tomorrow about urgency. I would separate them, right?

Like, I would not have them back to back. And so that is, um, so scarcity and urgency. And then we've got, um, objections. By the way, just as a side note, I told you that earlier on at the start of this, that there are a couple of these hooks that can be used multiple times. So objections, which we're gonna cover now is one of them, and social proof is another one.

So, right, you can have more than one follow-up that is dedicated to social proof, right? So you can have social proof, you can have one follow-up message that's just a bunch of little snippets, bunch of maybe, you know, Facebook comments, you know, a but, and then you could also have different case studies of different individuals, right? And so if you have a case study, almost like call it the hero's journey version, uh, for one individual that started off just like the prospect or even in a worse situation than the prospect discovered your product, your solution, and then went on to experience exactly what it is that the prospect wants to experience, you can have more than one of those throughout your follow up, right? You could have two, three of those different case studies throughout the follow-up. What I wouldn't do is have those case studies or, or social proof, uh, um, follow ups back to back to back.

I would separate them. So mix them up. So you might do a, you know, unresolved problem, then the next day you might do, you know, logical outcome. Then the next day you might have, you know, uh, social proof case study one. Then the next day you might have a, you know, unique mechanism.

The next day you might have why? Now, the next day after that, you might have another case study, right? And, and so on. You could also do these right two a day. So you can do, let's say a follow-up message in the morning and a message at night, which is typically how we do most of our bullet campaigns or two emails a day.

And so you can have two different, um, two different emails. Objections is the other one where objections here are ultimately probably a better word to use here is concerns, doubts, questions. So like, what are the things that would potentially stop somebody from buying? Like why wouldn't they buy? That's a great question to ask yourself.

Why wouldn't they buy what, what would or could stop them from buying? Now, there are certain things that you may not be able to address, like if they absolutely have no money, right? Like that, you know, is what it is. Obviously, if you are targeting the wrong people and they have no interest whatsoever in the solution and or they just, they don't even have the problem that we're addressing, right? But other than that, there are potentially a, a variety of different concerns, questions that they may have.

This is where paying attention to things like customer support in your business tickets, things that people are saying in, you know, in Facebook groups, Facebook pages, um, all of that kind of stuff, uh, becomes valuable. Where, you know, uh, do they, you know, they might think, do they need experience to do this? Do they need, I, I'm just gonna, you know, throw some stuff out. That's common in the online marketing world, right? Do they need a big budget?

Do they need to, do they need any special kind of software? Um, do they need to get on the phone with people? Is this gonna create, you know, a a lot more work for them? You know, is this gonna take a long time for them? Uh, are they gonna be overwhelmed by this?

Is it gonna take a long time to see results, right? Do they need capital? I think I said that already. Like, there are different concerns, objections, fears, questions that they could have that could be stopping them from getting started. And so asking yourself, why wouldn't this person buy?

What are some of the different, uh, um, issues or complaints or concerns or fears that would stop from somebody from moving forward with this? This is a great way to address those. As a side note, over time, learning these things and becoming in tune with these things is also a great way to create bonuses that go with your offer, right? Because in an ideal world, we would wanna put together an offer that consists of deliverables and bonuses that overcome and eliminate all concerns. And so if they have a concern like, well, I'm gonna need a piece of software and I don't have the money for that.

Well, maybe we provide them with a piece of software, or I'm gonna have to, you know, write a whole bunch of content. Well, maybe we provide them with templates or fill in the blanks or access to ai, and that's a bonus, right? And so ultimately what we're doing is we're creating bonuses, a, a full offer that addresses and eliminates all of the reasons that somebody could have for not moving forward. But for here now, uh, you can address these. And even if you have bonuses, right?

If you have bonuses that address concerns, this is a great place to highlight those, right? It's a great place to bring that in. Like, right? You might, you know, you may be wondering about x well, boom, here is bonus. That takes care of that for you.

So, right? That's not an issue. You don't have to worry about, you don't have to do this, this, this, this, this, this, this. And you can still reap all the rewards. And so this is a chance also for you to address different objections through different follow-ups.

Now, depending on how many different objections or issues or concerns your market may have with your solution, you may wanna divide these. So you could do one, uh, objection based or concern based follow up that, uh, that has, let's say that covers three in there. And then you could do another one, a, a handful of days later that has the other three in there. And so what I wouldn't do is back to back to back emails or follow ups that are just objection covering. Next is the discovery story.

How did you discover the product? What did it take? What was the effort, the energy, um, the time that it took you to create the solution, right? Like what was involved in that? And the more that was involved with that, the more costly, the more energy, the more time, the more the, the greater the perception of value.

That's just right. That's the nature of the beast. The long that, that's another cognitive bias. The longer something takes to create, the more people tend to value it or see it as more valuable. And so, right, what is your discovery story like for me with E five, it's this idea of having one foot in the, uh, online marketing space and seeing the best of the best working with the best of the best marketers, having them come to me, but also at the same time having one foot in the tremendous, um, financial publishing arena and getting to see what companies like Agora, uh, did and does that the, the online marketing community isn't doing.

And seeing what the online marketing community is doing that the Agoras weren't doing, and then being able to bring it together into a seamless system that I then brought to both and seeing it work better than both of their systems. And so what is the discovery, um, story? So demonstrated value is this is where this is most appropriate, when you are, are able to quantify with numbers the value of what it is that you are, um, delivering. So this, you often see in the, kind of the big niche, if you will, the big market of wealth. It's one of the reasons why wealth is one of the most successful markets or, or one of the, the, the best markets to go after for marketers, because in the wealth category, whether it's investing, whether it is, you know, biz op, whether it's income generation, whether it's saving on taxes, whether it's, you know, business, all that kind of stuff, um, is that we can show an ROI, and so you can demonstrate the return on investment, you can make it tangible, you could bring it into the, you know, to the real world.

And so here is an opportunity for us to communicate and to demonstrate the value that this actually brings the real world value. And especially if you can make an argument with numbers, with data in terms of return on investment here, this is a great place to, um, to do it. Don't assume that they know, don't assume that they get it. Don't assume that they've ran the numbers. Give them the numbers and then to cruise through these, right?

Risk reversal is do we have a guarantee? Do we have a double your money back guarantee, right? Whatever the risk reversal proposition is highlighted and highlighted in its own thing. Because ultimately, what are we communicating here? We're trying to communicate in this standalone message that there is no risk that we remove the risk for you, right?

In an ideal world, we, we've removed all the risk, right? But you know, when you know, like we've removed all the risk, sometimes we'll take the risk on ourselves, like, right? Like, we'll give you your money back plus a thousand dollars, or plus you get to keep this or plus you get, um, x. The point is that this is all about demonstrating we've eliminated or done the best we can to eliminate as much risk for you as possible. That's this hook, loss aversion, fomo.

You already know this is especially when we are getting closer to deadline, when we're, when they're, uh, if there they're about to miss out reminding them of what they're gonna miss out on, reminding them of their current situation, right? This is tapping into that fear of missing out. You guys know this. And then we've got belonging. This is demonstrating to them that, right, the identity that they wanna have can be found in this solution that other people that they respect, that they want to see themselves as are doing this.

This is to show them that they'll be part of an exclusive group, an elite club of smart individuals, of savvy individuals, of the individuals that they ultimately see themselves as or want to see themselves as. So it's belonging to something. It's bigger than just the product itself. It's bigger than just the benefits itself. It's bigger than just the outcome itself.

It's belonging. It's being part of something. It's being in something. It's being the in-crowd. It's being accepted.

It's being one of the cool kids, right? It's being on the inside. And then finally the last hook that we have is anchoring. And anchoring is really when you have the opportunity, when we have the opportunity to show them that ultimately that, that when we have the opportunity to anchor this to something much more expensive, right? Whether we use kind of, we, we say this is like, this is the closest thing to having me do a full day con consultation for you, which people pay $15,000 for.

They fly into West Palm Beach, they pay for flight, they pay for a hotel, and they pay $15,000 to learn this. You're getting as close to that as possible, but it's only $2,000. See, we're anchoring the higher value, um, for them. And so there you go, right? There you go.

This is just a high level view of these 16 different hooks, 16 different ways to, um, to craft follow up messages as part of a campaign. 16 different message types that we can use, that you can use to expand or lengthen your follow up. 16 different hooks, angles that you can use, and even more if you repurpose social proof and objections, um, to not repeat the same thing, to mix it up, to give people different reasons, to respond different, different reasons to respond. Now, this also increases your odds because it gives you the ability to touch on different angles that may resonate when other angles don't. And so if all you're using is one or two or three different angles, right?

You might be one angle or two angles away from what would resonate most with that particular prospect. And so there you go, 16 different hooks, angles to extend follow up for a campaign. With that, I'll see you guys next week.
