
Ready for a deep dive to take your storytelling skills to bad-ass new levels?

This quick lesson will end with a simple exercise to hone you selling chops to dangerous, street-wise perfection…

And before anyone starts huffing about how “crass” it sounds to use stories to sell stuff, _let’s get a few things straight…_  

### _Most_ stories in our modern culture are about selling. 

– Movies sell stars, and sell themselves. 

– Television stories are just attention place-holders for commercials. (You think actors get the big bucks because they’re “good”? No way. It’s because they _connect_ with a paying audience.)  
  
Bob Hope was one of the richest actors to hit the stage, and he never even _tried_ to “really” act — he just goofed his way through a stunningly-lucrative career.  
  
But people identified with him, _and he cashed in on that identity_.  

---

> You have taken the [**Pint o’ Beer Ad Challenge**](https://m190.isrefer.com/go/swspobc/carltonink/), _right_? If not, you’re missing out on one of the most valuable copywriting trainings ever devised, and it’s FREE! [**Learn more here**](https://m190.isrefer.com/go/swspobc/carltonink/)**.**

---

Even your weird Uncle Whazoo has an agenda with most of his stories…

He wants attention, he wants to shock and entertain, or maybe he just feels family gatherings would kill the young-un’s with boredom if he didn’t retell the adventure behind his filthy hula dancer tattoo.

So, just to refresh:  
  
If you offer something that your prospect needs or wants… then _shame on you_ if you don’t use every tactic available to get your sales message across so the poor guy can justify buying it.

And stories are just a killer way to set that situation up.

Okay?

Okay.

So… back to the lesson.

**Most people are _not_ natural storytellers…** 

They ramble, repeat themselves, butcher plots, and bombard the listener with irrelevant bullshit.  

---

“_Did I tell you about the UFO that attacked us? No? It was Tuesday last week… no, wait, it was Wednesday. Yeah, it must have been Wednesday, because I was headed to IHOP to meet Suzy for waffles — you know they have specials every Wednesday, don’t you…_”

---

**This is how people get strangled.**

Limiting your stories to just 3 lines helps you become more concise. 

The first task is trimming the excess verbiage and fluff.

### The outline to follow is:

- **Set up:** (the tease of the payoff to come)
- **Plot elements**… **action:** (the fulfillment of the tease)
- **Moral**: Which doesn’t have to actually be “moral” in any righteous sense — it’s just the **punch line** of the story.

In the end, _your reader should feel something:_

- **Happiness** (aww, the puppy got rescued)… 
- **Alarm** (my God, I’m gonna keep a loaded gun by my bedside from here on out)… 
- **Astonishment** (my neighbors are doing _what_ at night?)… or, yes,
- **Greed** (hey! I want that kind of deal, too!)

The less extraneous interruption, the better.

In other words: The story is about your reader, not you. 

Readers want to “see” themselves in your story, that they’re temporarily “in” the world you create with your words.

Have you ever read a story to a kid? 

Once they get the taste for it, just saying “Once upon a time…” will glaze their eyes over, as they eagerly prepare themselves to be transported to a world far different than their own.  

### The concept of “transporting” is critical. 

You’re driving the story, and it’s your responsibility to keep it on the road. Your reader will abandon you at the first hint you don’t know where we’re going… and he’ll despise you for getting his hopes up for a good tale, if you then _dash_ them with a feeble punch line.

That’s why striving for pithy, concise stories is so important for writers.  
  
Surely you have encountered this 3-line tactic classic: 

### *** “I’ve been poor. And I’ve been rich. Rich is better.” ***

This is perfection. And you don’t have to be perfect to use the above example as inspiration. Just take note of all it entails:

It contains only the necessary details, nothing else. 

And did you notice the power words “_**rich**_” and “**_poor_**”? 

Each carries its own payload of emotional backstory, because in this context nearly everyone will have a _feeling_ about the concept of being rich, and a _feeling_ about being poor. Any long-winded rant about HOW poor you were, or HOW rich you were, is excessive.

### Concise, memorable stories pack a punch.

Even better, there is a _segue_ into the life of the reader in that 3-line beauty. “Rich is better” may seem like an obvious statement, but coupled with the set-up lines, it delivers a strong message that smacks of truth.

Now, the classical “rags to riches” sales pitch requires more detail, of course. But not so much that you lose the flow of a quick story, told with feeling, ripe with implications for the reader.

However, good ad copy doesn’t rest on implications.

It’s got to move quickly to _specifics_.

### Here’s a simple 3-step tactic to bring your bad-ass story “home:” 

1. Tell your story, aiming for the kind of breathless prose that makes your prospect afraid to exhale, for fear of missing a delicious detail. In this step, don’t worry about being perfect. Just get it all out on paper.
2. Then, tidy it up by deleting everything that doesn’t need to be there. Deliver the punchline, or the moral, or just the ending. 
3. Don’t try any clever transitions back into your sales pitch.

Instead, you merely say: 

### And here’s what that means for YOU…

When writing to _adults_, you can’t assume anything. Adults are so numb to incoming data, they will suck up even a great story, absorb it, and move on to the next volley of arriving stimuli without coming to any conclusion whatsoever.

### As the copywriter, it’s your job to _complete the thought_.

Not in any condescending way, of course.

You just continue the thread, going deeper into your sales message.

“I’ve been poor. And I’ve been rich. Rich is better. Here’s what that means for you:  
  
“_You can continue on with your life believing that ‘money can’t buy happiness’ if that makes you feel better… but I’m here to tell you that having a pile of extra cash is actually a fabulous feeling… and your life will get better almost immediately. Plus, since I’ve already done the hard work of going from clean broke to filthy rich, I know all the shortcuts… and I’ll share them with you…_”

Et cetera.


### To get good at storytelling, practice (a LOT) with telling tales that have emotional impact or meaning to you.

Everyone remembers their first legitimate kiss. (Those sloppy pecks from Auntie Mame don’t count.)  
  
Most people’s stories tend to be pretty typical, but if they’re told right, they can still be funny, or shocking, or even corny in a way that gets the reader nodding in agreement.

And while it may not seem obvious that you could possibly sell anything, after sharing the humorous story of your first fumbling efforts at romance in junior high… just reflect on all the commercials and ads you’ve seen that blatantly couple sex and product.

Heck, they sell _laundry detergent_ with sex. And while Warren Buffett might put you to sleep with his theories on compound interest, a real entrepreneur would explain the exact same concept from the deck of his yacht, surrounded by bikini-clad beauties. And get more attention, too.

Let me introduce John. John Carlton. His reputation precedes him. Most people in the in the wonky world of marketing that we live in, know who John is. He's he's a little bit famous now, but three years ago or so, something like that, three years ago, he wasn't so famous. And I remember, I kind of got long story, but I got introduced to John, and he was just, he was just starting to not be a hermit anymore. And John, you had this lifestyle of, like, writing copy for six months and going and hanging with your band or the bike with the biker crowd or something. And, and you decided to hang out your shingle and be a guru. And at the time, my business was pretty new, and I was pretty wobbly in the copywriting department, and I signed up for your Insider's club, and, and You slapped me around real hard and, and I kept, kept at it, and it really immensely helped me. It made me much, much more solid and, and really got me over the hump.

I helped you with a headline that was response, yeah, something

like that, yeah. Real early on, I changed some on my on my home page, and all sudden, I doubled my my opt ins, and you know, and away you go.

You did one of the smartest things I've ever had a insider do. And I still, I still reference you, not not by name, but it's your example that I reference. I tell people to just sometimes you just got to start over. Not that you wrote a bad letter, it's that the pitch wasn't wasn't right. You were doing a little too much educating. You were off on tangents. You're doing things, and you were the first guy that I really said. You really just need to trash what you got here and start over from the top. And it's not that hard. It's one of the hardest things for a rookie writer to do is to throw away everything they've written. It's like, but I got 12 pages I wrote, I can't throw it away. It's like, it's like throwing out the baby with the bath water. But in fact, when you rewrote the thing, it happened much faster, because you'd already, already gone through that territory you needed to go through. You had all the benefits in mind. Your USP was much more clear. And that letter you wrote after you trashing the one that you had there for a while, is, is either still the one you're using or was the one that you use for a couple of years?

Oh yes, yes. Well, I'll tell you what that is that that's in that's really the first product that I started selling, which is, if you go to my home page, you see this thing about gorilla marketing for high tech sales people, and you request a CD and a sales letter gets mailed out with it. And it was that sales letter and, and, yeah, I was barely, basically, at that point. I was breaking even. I was selling a $700 product, and it was costing me $700 just to acquire a customer, which, you know, I wasn't real happy about that, and so I sent that into you, and you said, you got to rewrite this whole thing. And I'm like, gulp, you know, but I did. I stayed up all night and and in it doubled. It doubled the response. And I remember specifically that it was September of 2002 so it was like, exactly three years ago, or I got to October, and I calculated my numbers for September, and it was like, Hey, I'm making money now. Now I can crank up this engine a little harder and I'll make more. And that was getting over the hump, which, really, if you want to boil it down, that's what this whole coaching program is about, is getting over that hump. And yeah, I had written something. I had friends that thought it was great copy and everything, but John's like, No, you're not, like, your head's all over the place. You're not focusing down on the simple thing that people want here, you're confusing them with all this extraneous crap. And, yeah, rewrite it and, you know, it was a great thing, and that's why, well, that's, that's why I've got you coaching the golden Iridium guys here, because that's, you know, that's what people need.

You know, my my theme song, If I ever get around to writing, it will be, it's fun when it works, isn't it? Yeah, and it's, you know, it's like, it makes me really happy when somebody, I have a lot of insiders that have been with me for a long time, and a lot of these guys struggle really, really hard, because unlike rats in a lab, rats in a maze, they will only go down a blind alley once or twice, and then they don't go down that blind alley anymore. And that's how they work their way through a maze to find the food. Humans, however, often, will just stay in the first blind alley they walk down. Sit down and stay there for the rest of their lives of cajoling or or even trying to force them out of there will get them to budget. We're just very, very stubborn people. And even when you pay for advice and you realize that the advice you're given is good and all the stuff, it's very, very difficult to do what you did, that's why what you did was you were the first student. I told that you were the first student to follow through on that. And, you know, it just, it's an act of courage to throw away all this work you had done because you had your entire life invested in that piece of writing. I mean, it's not just for a veteran writer like me. I write a piece. It's my 1,000th and 13th piece. It's no big deal if I have to rewrite it, or I don't care what happens to it. Really for you, it's your first day piece. It's your business. You're off on your own. You're doing things. It's every it's everything to you. Yeah, to jettison it and start over and do that is an act of courage, and that's often the first thing that happens you talk about getting over the hump. I mean, it's, it's it's getting out of the maze. It's not just just just finding a better path in the maze. It's not just backing out of that blind alley you're in. It's actually finding the way out of the maze and starting a whole new world where you're not in mazes anymore, because suddenly it's not guesswork anymore. It's not, well, I'll try this, and then I'll try this. It's like, oh, okay, I'll just plow straight ahead, because you know what? You were smart enough to hang out with Dan Kennedy, you know about Gary Halbert, did you find me through Dan?

Actually, I found you on the IC list because I was trying to find somebody to talk about. You know how crappy ad agencies are for my product and and this guy named John, John Carlton, responds and goes, Yeah, I'm the guy that used to sneak in the back door in the LA ad agencies when the guy couldn't crack the code and and I would write the letter for him. And I can tell you all kinds of, you know, stories about,

think about that, that you know you're looking for information. So this is just a prime lesson. I mean, you're, you are a living example of how to do this, right? You're, you're, you have to admit to yourself that you're rookie and you need some help. I mean, that is a huge thing for a lot of people to do. So that's like step one. Step two is to start identifying that help and not necessarily jump on stuff just because somebody stands up and says they're an expert. In other words, going to an agency, it's like going to a car dealer and telling the car dealer, I need a new car. Please tell me the best car for my needs. And what's what's he going to do? He's going to say, well, I'm going to sell you the best car for my needs, which is the biggest profit, you know. And, and it's not necessarily going to be a car you like it. I may try to get the most dog car off the lot, you know, if you're going to be easy like that, so you have to apply some critical thinking to this. And you went through all of this, and you started looking for things, and you you didn't even know what you were looking for. You only knew that what you had found, or that what was available was not right now. But you had some experience with some agencies you came from. You came from a corporate background, you know, you knew that there were some things wrong, but you weren't exactly sure what the end product was going to look like. You know, I just, the rant I just wrote about was all about this. It's a huge thing for people to just say, you know, I'm going to look for something. I don't even know what the end product look like. I don't even know what my life's going to look like when I find it. I don't know how I'm going to identify it, but I'm going anyway. That's like facing the unknown in a huge way. And it it takes, it takes gut, but not that much gut. That's the big secret in entrepreneurial activities that a lot of people don't understand. It does take guts to like but, you know, don't quit your day job and then go try to find an entrepreneurial gig. You know, you don't have to search on the web. You know, find something that kind of works, and kind of work your way into it. But the thing is that move into it. It's fun when it works, because once it works, you have found a formula, probably, unless you absolutely luck into it. But if you're tracking that good information, there are formulas out there to follow that take away most of the guesswork.

Well, I want to add something else is that,

actually, I think that answers all the questions we had, and thank you and good night.

Well, a couple things is, I know that people are always very timid about sending critiques to somebody because they're very invested in it. And, you know, I was, you know, I'd spent weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks months writing this and and it was, you know, the whole product I was selling really encapsulated last four years of my life. And, you know, this company I grew, and how I did it. And, you know, so it was just like you said, I had all this invested in it. And you know, when I send, when I send you a critique, there's part of me that goes, I want John to write me back and say, Wow, Perry, that was the best sales letter I've ever seen. Where can I buy your thing? Right? But, but. If you said that

what I'm still trying to write my own piece that I will look at two days later, say, Wow, that's just the best piece I've ever written. I've never had that reaction. I always am highly critical of myself. There's always ways to make it better. That's why deadlines are so important, by the way. Because without deadlines, we don't know when to quit. I mean, a writer like me, who knows that editing and finessing and doing things will keep making things a little bit better, a little bit better. You have to have some kind of deadline in mind. You have to and deadlines before she gets started. Get you over that hump. You know, a lot of people, I'll bet I haven't looked at all the questions you sent me today, but I'll bet there's some questions in about getting started and about, you know, getting over the hump of just facing that, that blank page, you know, and a lot of it has to do with, with just deadlines. You know, I tricked myself all the time. If I don't have a deadline for project, I'll procrastinate till last minute. So even, even pros and veterans, you know, have had the problems that, you know, rookies that seem to stump rookies, and we just find tricks around it. You know, ways around any problem. That's that's the mantra you need to come away with, you know, when you're when you're doing coaching, with guys like Perry who really understand what's going on. That's the mantra you need to keep in mind, in the back your mind, understand that there's a way around every single problem. Maybe you don't want to hear the answer that that you're going to get, or you're going to have three options, and you don't like any of them, but you're dealing with people who understand what's happening, you know, you're not guessing anymore. You're not You're not flailing about. So there's always a way through a problem. And again, it may not be the answer you want. It may know because it may involve just saying, No, you got to drop this. Or, you know, go do something else. But there is a way out of everything. You're never trapped.

Well, I knew that, that there was a way, and I also knew that the best value I could get out of John was to tell him be ruthless. Like, okay, don't sugarcoat this. Tell me what you really think. And then you told me what you really think. And and then, and then I wrote you back, and I said, Is there anything else? And then I got another half page of, well, yeah, actually, there is. And, and, you know, I think, I think it's always good to look for that corrective input, even if it's uncomfortable. That's how you grow. And I wasn't messing around. I had a wife, I had three kids. I quit my job, I was out on my own, and there was no time to mess around. So John deck me if you have to. But let's get this let's get this over with. And so, you know, after a while I get to where I've got this little John Carlton alter ego in my head, and when I get done writing something, I already know what he's probably going to say the first time, so then I can rewrite it, and then I send it to John, and you know, then it works. So just to

finish this thought there, which, which is very important for everybody out there listening, my first experience with a hard nosed editor was with Gary Howard. Was the first piece I wrote for him, and he threw, he threw the first draft back at me across the desk. You know, he read, he didn't have constructive comp. He literally threw, you know, 18 pages back at me from across the desk. And said, go back. Put some empathy into this damn thing, and don't come back until you fix it. And I didn't know him very well at the time, and I, and I was really, I wasn't outraged, but I sat back and I thought, you know, you know, I'm a little angry at this. I've never been treated as big before. I'd already been a freelancer, working with agencies, working with the largest mailers in the world, Phillips and agora things like that. I mean, I had earned my chops. I was ghost writing for some of the top writers in the world, like Jim Rudd Barwick and and, but I had made a vow to myself when I started out, you know, four years prior to that, and that was, I wasn't going to take any of this personally, and it was going to be Business before pleasure and business before, before anything else I was I was going to take whatever medicine was offered me. And I had sought Halbert out because I figured out after all this time that he was a guy that I needed to learn from at that time. So I was, you know, I didn't mentor under him, very, very long that first letter, I went back. I wrote 17 version of that letter. The 16th version, I didn't show him the last 11 versions or so, because I kept looking at them with my own critical inner editor, as you just talked about. Now, my inner editor isn't, isn't, isn't Halbert doesn't look like him. I don't think I could live with myself, with with image like that in my head, but it was. It is a very, very stern version of myself who just says, Come on, and doesn't let anything get by. And is just the most stern task master you can, you can imagine. And the 16th version that I wrote was the worst of the lot. It was rambling. It was all over the place, and I sat down and tossed it and wrote a 17th version. And that 17th version of the letter mailed for like, three years and brought in millions and millions of dollars. Wow, if I stopped at number eight or nine or 10, and all this, all this took place over a few days. What I did is. Was I went home and I just dedicated myself. I said, I'm gonna I'm gonna do whatever it takes to break through whatever is wrong. And what I'm trying to do in this pit, because I was doing something wrong, it was actually going to the diet market, which was the first time I went to the diet market. And there's a certain amount of empathy and a certain way to go to that market that that you can't understand on your own. You can't sit down and say, Well, I know how to go to the auto supply market, or I know how to go to, you know, women's lingerie market, or to the cosmetic market, or any other market. The dye market has its own unique need that needs to be met before you're going to break through all the clutter, all the other advertising out there, all the noise, all the natural reluctance and resistance in the in the recipient's mind. And there's a whole special way of writing to that, and it involves more empathy than writers are used to doing and and you can't just come out and say, I understand how you feel. You can't do that. It has to be, it has to be kind of smooth and hidden and professional, essentially. And it took me a long, several days of solid, hardcore writing to reach that point. And like I say once, once I reached it, I knew it with that 17th version, I didn't go in and say, Hey, how do you like this? I went in and threw it back at Gary. Said, here it is. Nail that sucker. So when you talk about having your own internal Little John Carlton, I mean, I don't want to hear people you know coming back saying, I'm inside their head wandering around, because that's just creepy. But it's not a bad idea. It's, it's, it's not a bad idea to if you're not looking at it right, make sure you know it's kind of a damn thing. You got to step back out of yourself, because you can't be happy with the writing. You can't be happy that you actually sat down for four days and wrote a letter. You can't be happy that. You know, it looks pretty polished. You got to look at this thing with the eyes of the most vicious, reluctant, skeptical reader there is which, by the way, is going to be your average prospect. They don't they don't want your letter to arrive in their mailbox, or they don't want your ad to arrive in their magazine or newspaper. They don't want your email to pop up in their in their in their in basket. They don't want your site to come across the computer. They're not looking for something else to do. What they are looking for is maybe a solution to a problem, and even if you have the solution to the problem, they're still going to resent the fact that you are stirring some adrenaline inside of them. You're stirring desire of want and need and and it's kind of a resentful thing, because now you represent a problem if you, if you give them copy that makes makes them just sit up and say, oh my god, I really want that. Then yes, they are in a state of desire, in a state of hopefully action, where they're going to get the wallet out, but they also kind of hate you in the back of their head. Their head, because now you have forced them to to give their credit card information out, or either online, or they're or they're calling in in an order, or they're writing a check and mailing it in, or what, whatever it is you've asked them to do, and now they got to wait a little bit, even if they're doing it, downloading an ebook, they got to wait, you know, a few minutes. They got to do this, you know, it's going to take a little time then they get this 56 page ebook, you know, or this product horizon, you presented a new problem in their life, and so they're going to kind of not like you very much. So you have to get used to this, because you are presenting a sharp left turn in their life. I mean, their lives are just cruising down. Maybe they got these problems, they have these needs. They have things that that need solutions. And then you come along, and if you do your job right, you are just sending them careening off the road they're on onto another road that you have created, that they didn't even know existed before they opened your your email or your letter.

You just said that is the challenge that everybody's gotta gotta live up to, is they're going down the highway, and you make them turn but of course, the trick is, is they have to feel like, Wait, I didn't want to go down this highway. I want to go here, right?

As you know Perry, because you have some psychological training, there's just some there's a lot of psychological stuff going on that is unconscious, that's on a with a a buying decision is irrational at its core and at its end, no matter. Mark Twain famously said, there's two reasons why a man buys instinct. One is the reason he'll give you, and the second is the real reason he bought it. The most obvious, obvious version it has is the guy with the midlife crisis buying the Porsche. He won't tell you he's buying the Porsche because he's having a midlife crisis most of the time. But the real reason he's buying it has nothing to do with the value of the car or the or the styling or anything like that. He buys it because it makes him feel a little younger. Excuse me, and he wants to get you know. He wants to have young girls on the sidewalk, you know, turn their heads and see who that guy in the in the brand new, you know, box there is, and that's most obvious version. But even when you get down to buying nails from from Home Depot, I mean, you go down, you got 15 choices of nails to buy. Something's got to click in your head. Even though it's not a lot of advertising going off for nails, you make a choice. How does that choice get made? A lot of times, unless you're a carpenter, you're going to make kind of a irrational or emotional decision when you're doing this. And this is, this is for almost everything that gets bought. You're sitting there looking at all these options. And that's the that's the problem with capitalism. Is the opposite of climate is we have the the, I mean, it's the kind of problem you want as the consumer. But, you know, people get frozen up by choices. If they don't have a clear choice, then they've got to go deep inside and make some reason, you know, up so you as the advertiser, jump into that void and give them the reasons they need to be able to buy this just so that they can go home and when the wife says, what'd you buy this for? They have a ready answer for you can this is the best in the country. This was, this was touted as number one by Consumer Reports, you know, you know. Or this was the one that was, you know, nine out of 10 experts recommend this product. You know. You have an answer for that, even though the reason you bought it maybe you like the color or or it made you feel good or look younger, or whatever. And again, I think I've answered almost every question.

Well, you you do a lot of critiques, and you coach a lot of you know, brand new people out of the gates, because you talk about All right, if, if, if, John's gonna go push their reset button and help them unlearn all the stuff they think they know, and point them in the right direction, you know. This is John Carlton, boot camp 101. What does that consist of?

Where to go, from the zero to becoming somewhat effective. You mean,

yeah, yeah. Like it maybe, maybe even respectively effective.

Well, you know, you go the long route, you know, and flail and test and do a lot of things, and that'll take you a couple years, or you can just shortcut it, and the easy way is, as we said, Just get a hold of somebody who's already been down that path and ask them, I like to think about the promised land as being on the other side of this mountain range from you. And as a rookie, you know you're looking at this mountain range, and it's not an easy climb. And you can, you can just dive in and scramble up and try to make your way across and cut your own path and stuff. And most of the times, if you keep at it, you're going to do it. It may just take you a long time, but why not? If there's a guy standing there that you trust and know he says, he says, Well, you can go that way, or that way, that way. Or I can show you the secret tunnel that goes under the mountain range. And it'll, it'll, you know, instead of spending five days or five years climbing over, and I can get you through here in 15 minutes, then you definitely want to take the shortcut, okay? And, you know, back back when I was a rookie writer, trying to figure out how to go from not understanding how to sell something to becoming a master salesman in print, which is what a copywriter is. There wasn't a lot of options out there. Most of the books that we all take for granted now tested advertising methods, Claude Hopkins, books, things like that. They were all out of print. I still have some beat up dog eared Xerox copies of some of the older books, you know, that I had. They were, you know, fourth generation Xeroxes. You know, you could barely read them. But they were such precious commodities because they, they, you know, they explained a few of the secrets of things. Just finding Claude Hopkins books were just, were just a revelation to me that they were written in the 20s, you know, 1920 so the first thing to do with when you're going to go from zero to wherever you need to go is just stock up on information, and not just any information, but the right information. And thank God. There's all this, you know, there's all this, all these shortcuts out there. I mean, you don't have to come to me. You don't have to come to to, you know, to anybody in particular. There's a lot of good experts out there. Unfortunately, there's also a lot of charlatans that there's a lot of false experts out there. I I always have to chuckle when I see somebody that I know personally out there touting themselves as an expert. And I think that God is, you know, he learned everything that he knows from me, and he's and he's really not that good yet. So why is he telling himself as an expert? But, but, you know, you don't need to do that right now. I'm sure that, you know, Dan Kennedy is what on his third retirement, you know, kind of like The Rolling Stones of reunions here, but he's going to retire sometimes, Howard's going to retire sometime. I'm, I'm looking at retirement down the road here. So right now, you're in a golden age, you know, and whether, whether you go to Dan or Gary, you know, Gary's got free stuff online. I've got some free stuff online, my blogs online. The information is out there. So first thing, the first step to do is just load up. You know, there's a lot of there's a lot of information. Go to Michael, Michael Ford and copywriter board, you know, where the guys are going back and forth. You know, just find out what other guys are finding out. Ask, you know, ask, ask, what are the copywriters are reading, or what courses that they tried, you know, and make it. Make an investment in getting the right information, the best information, and and making sure that your foundation is solid. And then it's a matter of, you know, putting the, you know, get back in the car, out of the garage, and put the mile. On it. You know, just, just write some things. Writers write. And you know, writing is the is the food and sustenance of your marketing campaign. If you don't do the writing, you're gonna have to hire somebody to do it, because nothing happens till a copy gets written. So, as I recommend, and Perry, as you are a shining, shining example, when you do your own writing, you're in control of the main engine of your of your growth, your profit and your business. So even if you hire someone, I'm not sure if you have but if you do hire someone, you already know what to look for. You're not guessing, or you're not wondering if the guy, if the expert that you just hired, knows what he's doing, because you already know how to write copy. So understanding copy kind of solves all your problems, because to understand copy, you have to understand salesmanship. You have to understand some form of marketing, because you have to understand what market you're going for, what kind of vehicles you can use, no email, direct, direct mail, print in magazines and newspapers. You have to understand how to reach them, where to find them, what their needs are, the demographics. And once, you know, all this stuff, basically the USP, you know, you can then go back and look at your product, if you already have it, say, well, the product doesn't really stack up, but I need to change the product. Or you can say, okay, now I see how my product fits into this market, which, which is the happier, you know, situation. And then it's a matter of just going for just starting to pay attention and also stay clued in to your market. Talk to as many of them as you can, ask them questions. You know, this very thing you're doing here, you know, asking, you know, you know, finding out what really is on people's minds, rather than sitting back and guessing, solves a whole lot of problems that expensive marketing. You know, paradigms don't solve, you know, you can test for a year and not find out that. The simple question everybody wanted was, Are you shipping in a plane, you know, box, or do you know? Or do I have to sign for it at the door if I want the wife to know that I ordered this? I might have got offhanded a little

bit. It could kill a deal, right?

Yeah, exactly. So, so that's, that's the best thing to do is just immerse yourself. You know, I talked about rookies standing on the edge of the pool, afraid to jump in, and bothering everybody who's already in the pool with all these silly questions, like, is the water cold? How deep is it? Is the chlorine gonna sink my eyes? Are you having fun? You know, no, you know people, you're not going to get the right answer, because the only answer is, is, jump in the pool. You know, gird side loin. You know, stay close to the edge. Put on your little water wings, if you have to, and jump in and just start. You know, it's like, ready, fire, aim. Now, I don't think you need to make that. You know, that's nothing you should tattoo on your arm and live by because a lot, because you're going to want to get to the point where it's Ready Aim Fire, you know. And you know you there are. There's a lot to be said for understanding your market, getting everything ready before you get going. But at the very start, there's nothing wrong with Ready Fire and then aim as long as and that's what's so great about the web. Like with email and putting up a website, you're not spending a lot of money. You're not spending $50,000 for a full page ad Time Magazine. You know, to test an idea, you don't need to do that. You can test very, very cheaply Google AdWords as well. I come to you for advice on Google. So it's just not that expensive. For essentially, spare change, you can do what used to cost hundreds of 1000s of dollars in testing, and testing will answer so many questions, and you know, and you need to stop thinking that you can guess what, what's right or what needs to be done. You can, especially as a rookie, you will be constantly astonished at what you discover when you go through the paradigm of good testing of ideas marketing,

okay, when you get when you get sell letters that people send you, when people send you a sales letter, they send you A link to their website or whatever, and you What's number one on your list, what's number two on your list? And can you, can you talk about how you judge that? And then, and then, how, how I, as a writer, should be thinking when I, when I sit down? I got a bunch of questions here that basically have to do with all right, what do I got to have in my head when I sit down and start, start to bang out some copy? What's first

that's, that's really pretty easy, and I lately, just really started thinking about, in a way, it's and, you know, it's one of the advantages of doing so many critiques as I start to understand myself how the process is done. And really it's not so much three questions, but basically, have a conversation with your reader. What would you say to a guy if you sat down with him face to face and he all he has done is says, you know, I'm a little interested in what you got, and that's all. You know, and a lot of times you don't even know that, especially if you're, if you're mailing cold, you know, to a cold list or emailing cold, you don't even have that he hasn't raised his hand. But if you're going to even a week off his list, the guy has raised his hand, or he's come to your website because he Googled it, or there's some reason that brought him to your site, or that made him open your envelope or look at your ad in the magazine, so you got a little bit interested. So imagine that, instead of writing to somebody, you're talking to somebody, how would you approach that conversation? And generally, generally, what you would say in that conversation is what your pitch should be. And this, like helps with a lot of the tangents and a lot of things. What these tend to do is they say they even stay in the copy. They say, please sit back. This is going to take me a few minutes to explain. You know, get comfy. You know, have a little drink. Sit back, and I'm going to take you on a story about how to buy nails. You know, it's like, it just doesn't happen. Readers are, are they don't have time to rush. They again. They really don't want you to come into their lives. They're not looking they weren't they didn't wake up saying, Oh my God, I hope I get a really long ad in my in my email inbox so I can spend 15 minutes reading and finding out what this guy is to say. That's not the case. And imagine the person that you're taught that you're having this conversation with. Imagine looking at their eyes and knowing when they're getting bored, when they're wondering what the hell you're talking about, when they're when you're off on some tangent. You can tell because they're getting itchy and they want to get up and walk away, and you can't stop them from walking away. So so think about that, that conversation that you would have, and that's the most important thing you can do, because that forces you to stay in the reader's pocket, and that's what you need to do. Now, if you're going cold to somebody and sitting down and they have opted in, or they've raised their hand, they said, you know, I'm kind of interested in this. You sit down and you don't know anything about them, and you start saying, I know exactly what you're thinking. I you know. I'll bet your business is blah, blah, blah. You're having employee problems, and you're trying to double profit something you know, you're risking the guy just saying no and turning around and walking away if he says no at any point, if you bore him at any point, if you make him scratch his head and wonder what the heck you're talking about, at any point, you've lost him. He's gone. He's going to turn around and talk to somebody else and walk away. There is a seduction process going on here is you have to understand as much as you can about that person, so you can call out this, Anthony, if you talk to somebody, you say, Hey, I have an insurance product here that I'd like to sell you. You start talking about yourself and the insurance product all off the you know, you know, from, from, from a list of features and benefits that you have. He may not be interested. He may be interested. He may be interested. He may not be interested, but he's not gonna be riveted to what you say, if you know anything about this guy and you, and you don't say, Hey, I know that you own a you know that you're that you're worried about your mortgage. No, you don't get into his head. You don't tell me, nobody's thinking. But you say, I know you just bought a mortgage, and I know that you're that the mortgage that you're paying is, you know, three points higher than the national average, you know, and you might not know that you know, or something like that, and you know some information about him, or you know that you know he's been in the business, or you just know his name. That's why I urge personalization as much as possible. When you personalize a letter or an email or anything, you're going to bump response by 30% or more just by the simple act of saying Hi Fred, or Dear Fred instead of dear friend. And I hope that came through. I said, Fred, you know Dear Bob instead of dear friend. Just by the simple act of personalization. Help in direct mail, it will bump response up to 30% now in emails, I can't give you numbers because it's still too new, but it's the same process that goes on. There's a process of personalization and personalization, as close as you can get to saying, Hi, Bob, listen, I just drove by your business down on the corner of Main at Fifth Street downtown. I noticed that you're selling, you know, blank for five and a half bucks a barrel. And just thought you might like to know that across town, your competition is selling it for three and a half bucks a barrel. Did you know this? Bob? And you go, following you go on, if you can do that, do you think the guy remain interested? Yes, he can be riveted. You're in his pocket. The closer you can get to having a personal conversation with the guy, the better off you're going to be.

I had a conversation with a guy just last week. He was in my summer coaching program, and he's still struggling to get over the hump, and he's in a consulting business. And when you're when you're doing consulting, you have a particularly tricky fine line to walk, because, you know, if you start calling these people up and saying, Well, you know, you never responded to my letter. How can I help you? You, you've positioned your yourself as very poorly, right?

Yeah, you're weak. You're felling from your heels, right? Right?

Is so what, what I told him to do, is something I did a couple years ago with another client. Was a. Him. He's He's sent, he sends out his email to his customers, where he says, he says, on Tuesday morning, from 10 to 12, I'm going to have open line with with anybody who filled out this form and schedules an appointment with my receptionist, can talk to me for 15 minutes, and instead of paying me 300 bucks an hour, it's free, just on this one day. And it was a way of him talking to his customers, which is a real goal, more than anything, to figure out what he's not telling them that he should be like, he's not hitting their sweet spot, right?

And yet, he yet, he positioned himself with a sales and takeaway tactic that made this call, rather than it's a free call, if you got some, got some time, you don't want to check it out dead. He made it seem like something that you'd be a fool not to be on.

That's right. And so, so it's like, well, they got 15 minutes, so at the end of the 15 minutes, he's got to hang up, so he's still maintaining the value of his time, but he gets to talk to them and ask them, okay, what kind of problems are you having? And I mean, I think the fundamental issue is he's not describing their problems the way they describe their problems. And so he's talking about X, and they want Z, and they meeting, and then that's really what the issue is. And it definitely worked for the other client. I don't know if the guy I'm referring to has done it yet, but the other guy, he's this, this 15 minutes he he actually made this part of his autoresponder, and everybody goes in his list gets a chance to do the open line thing, and it's become the number one closing technique for getting new business. Is just talking to these people, and he's still, you know, he's still valuing himself and not degrading his position.

You know, there's a trick in I can't, I can't guarantee that this works. But altogether, there's a trick that is used in some real estate market that I've heard about, and The Real Estate guys, they use it to where it works, rather than having an open house all day long, or from eight to two or 10 to four or two to five or something for a house, they will have an open house for like an hour, 55 minutes, no longer. And they let people know, and they because three quarters of the time when they have a long open house, they're just, just like twiddling their thumb. When they reduce the time when they make it, you know, make that little window of opportunity, very, very small. They quadruple the number of people come through, and they raise the quality of the people coming through. They don't get as many lick looking Oh, really. Well, it's the principle that you're talking about this guy doing too you you position yourself. And this is what the USC is all about, positioning yourself uniquely in the market to be able to sell unique sales position. So rather than just being something else, you can try, if you got time, and maybe, you know, maybe come over. No, this is like an opportunity that's rare, that ain't gonna happen very often. And in fact, you've got a very, very short window to operate. You raise the urgency factor. You get you get a little adrenaline drunk as a person that's just going to work with everybody, no, if they're not interested in what you got to sell, they're not going to care about any of this, and they're not going to begin but you don't want to talk to those people anyway. So it's like a lot of people get confused. A long time ago, somebody wrote me with what I used to get a lot of, not hate mail, but white male as we call it, which is just people just felt that they had to sit down and write me a letter to tell me why I was so wrong and what I was doing hilarious to read. I don't read them anymore because they tend to take up my afternoon as I craft back letters, back to him I understand early on, wrote me and says that you are hurting people because you're making your talent you know you're you're writing in a way that isn't including everybody in the market. And if the guy says, I'm a marketer, and I know that you have to include absolutely everybody in the market, would you like? That's why you have to, have to write a little blandly and to, you know, make sure you include everybody actually wrote a newsletter about, I said this guy couldn't be more wrong. You want to write in a way that knocks all the looky moves out, and you don't care if you piss off the people who aren't going to buy, you know, the people who are just, who are just looking for something to do for a few minutes so they're reading your stuff. Your stuff and thinking, Oh my God, His English is horrible. I can't read this. And they get mad about it. They do. You don't care about that. You want the guy who reads this and goes, oh my god, I really, really want this. I need this. Thank God, this guy gave it to my life. And if that's the only people you reach, then what do you care? Then don't go for these. Numbers. Don't try to get a 50% opt in rate, you know, because you've heard that you should get high opt in rates. If three quarters of those opt ins are people that just wandered in, because you were vague enough that you know, they're not even quite sure what's going on, and they're not going to do anything but take up their time if you get a 1% opt in rate, but that 1% represents a 90% flip rate. On the other end of selling, you should be very, very happy. I mean, it's all a numbers game. At the end of the day, you want to, you know, you want to count it dollars, not the percentages anyway, so, but just don't worry about offending people that are easily offended and aren't going to be buyers. Stop worrying about.

I think what you're saying really, another way to put it is effective advertising is usually you often makes no sense to the people who are not buyers. It's almost a sign that that you're in the zone. It's like, like, like, like, if you went to a jazz club in Chicago and you listen to bebop jazz or something, most people listening to that. They like my wife. I took my wife to a club like that about a month ago to hear my drum teacher, actually, and she listened as she goes. This sounds like a parody of music,

right? A wall of noise

and but it's a language that people who get it, they understand, and people who don't, it don't matter. It's kind of like those martial arts ads you write in all those crazy black belt magazines you know, to an average white collar Joe, they're like insane.

It's even, it's even more, more targeted than than that. I get a lot of people. I have a reputation in the industry, even only people who know me of writing, you know, I admit that I write outrageous headlines and hook. However, I do not do blatant, hard selling, nor am I doing any screaming and and things like that. I generally don't use exclamation marks, for example. Yet, people, when they think they're writing like me, generally do just make outrageous promises and they put exclamation marks and they're essentially shouting on the page. They do this is because they misunderstand what's happening. They're reading one of those ads, those golf ads, or the self defense ads, or those ads to markets that they have no interest in, so they don't see that what I'm saying is not that outrageous to somebody inside of the market, to you know, the you know that I'm aiming my copy right at the tender heart of a golfer, for example, or a guy who's interested in the self defense market. To him, it's not shouting or hard selling. It's Oh my god, I'm you know, I'm so glad you told me about this information. This is what I want to hear. But to somebody who's not interested in the market, they to them, it seems kind of outrageous and and offends their sense of reality or challenges their belief system. And so they think it's hard. So I think it's, it's something that's not, and that's, I'm glad you brought that up, because it's a clarification I've been trying to make as I go along. I do not do hard sell, I don't shout. I have not looking for I can't, I can't think, but, but it's, it's, I'm not blatantly out there screaming on the page, because when you're in the market, it is screaming. It's letting you know that there's some really, really good information. It's kind of like you going to me and saying, oh my gosh, Miles Davis is playing down the street. Did you realize this? You know, I would drop everything to go see him, drop everything, absolutely everything, and run out of the door. Because I'm glad you came up and shook me and knocked the phone out of my hand. You know, while I was on this touring call, that's more important to me. There's somebody who didn't understand it. They say, Why? Why was Perry shouting, you know? And you know, what the heck were you guys all upset about but advertising, my God, I must have to, you know, I must have to learn to shout do all the stuff. No, the shouting was irrelevant. What was relevant was getting the information across in the fastest and most expedient way.

In other words, I wasn't cajoling you. I was, I was expressing my excitement because I'm into Miles Davis. You're into Miles Davis. We're having a little Miles Davis fest, into you to the outsider. They can't really, they can't tell what's going on, but I'm speaking your language, and you so they think I'm yelling at you. But really, we're bonding.

It's sharing the passion. Terry in over everybody has passion about it. I must use the example of accountants. You know, accountants generally have this reputation of being the most boring, boring people on the planet, and from the ones I know, it's generally true. However, to an accountant, what he's doing is pretty exciting, unless he's burned out. He just like to. Driver. But something got him into that anyway. He likes working alone. He likes working with numbers. He likes the math. He likes helping people. Whatever got him to go through the years of schooling he needed to go through to get his to get his certification, to hang his shingle, to do all that. This is what he does. This is what he gets up and he puts on his time. He goes out and he sits down, and he does this all day long. Well, guess what? You know, most people live lives that are nothing interesting happens to them. They don't know any interesting people. They don't get to go anywhere interesting or do anything interesting. And for an accountant, he doesn't get to come home and talk about his job to his wife because she's sick of hearing about it. His kids don't care what he does for a living. You know, none of his friends at the bowling alley or that they play cards with or the weekend care about accounting. They all think it's boring. Well, to him, it's not boring. So if you arrive at his his his inbox or his or his mailbox or his magazine, and you say, You know what, I'm accountant, too, and I understand, you know, to me, this is most exciting thing in the world when you're doing it right, because it could bring in a lot of money. It's independence. I love working. You know, you start rattling off, and you get inside that passionate sweet spot inside of the account. You know, it's the same as you and me talking about Miles Davis, you're sharing. Everybody has passion on what and especially in information markets. Because in information markets, would you say most of these people are in information theory, that's on the call half or information. All information is, is furthering your understanding of whatever you're kind of passionate about. And it can be low level passion, but usually it's high level passion, especially if you're going to do the irrational act of taking out your credit card and sending money that was once yours over to someone else's account. That's an irrational act that involves high levels of passion. So the more you can tap into that, the more you understand that, the more, the more you're going to essentially, you'll grab the person by themselves and kind of rattle their cage. I know, you know. You know, if I don't, if I don't get your attention right now, you're gonna miss it, because he's a plane for an hour. He's only a place for an hour and a half, and he's right down the street. So that's mileage gave us Bebop.

You're totally right. And I, I used to still do to to a small extent, market to industrial engineers, which is like, you know, that's just as bad as accountants, right? And I always used to struggle with this. I would see all this copy I get Dan Kennedy's newsletter, whatever, and I would look at that, and I would go, if I would think to myself, if I, if I wrote these guys a letter like this, I would feel like I was trying to sell hot dogs at Starbucks, right?

And, you know, I really kind

of struggle with that, but at one point, I got a little burst of inspiration, and we created this training class, and the people that were going to come to this class were engineers, and I wrote this sales letter for this thing called device net boot camp. And because I was an engineer, and because I lived in that world, I knew what these guys were into, and I wrote this four page sales letter, and it was all about the curiosity of knowing how to solve certain kind of problems and what it's like when you've got this job and you got to install this equipment, and it all gets screwed up, and something that was supposed to be done on Monday takes till Wednesday, and it cost somebody $20,000 and everybody's yelling at you. And I wrote that thing, and you know what? That hit the sweet spot, and it was right up. I mean, anybody that read this would recognize it as a direct marketing, you know, copywriting project, okay, but to the people that were getting it, they didn't look at this and go, Wait a minute. I've never gotten a letter like this before, even though they didn't. I mean, you never saw anything like this in that market, ever. They would read it, and they go, I want to go to this class. This sounds awesome. And all I had to do is make sure that the letter also, when they give it to their boss, that the letter convinced their boss the thing would pay for itself. And so they wanted to go because they're curious. Their boss would let them go because, because, hey, you know, if this saves you one hour on a startup, it'll pay for itself. And the boss goes, Yeah, that's true. So he'd sign off on it. And and it was a success. We sold about a quarter million dollars of that training. What were you gonna say, John?

Did you tell him what to say to the boss?

Not explicitly. But we had the sidebar, and it said, if this saves you one hour on a startup, if this, if this saves one hour of downtime, if it makes one job start on. Day instead of starting on Tuesday. This will pay for itself many times over. And anybody that read that and lived in that world knew that that was true.

You know, you invited me that up to respond a little bit if you said, Here's what the state of the box.

I hadn't thought of that, but I think you're right. You

definitely want to slow stuff up, but that's a great tactic to use. And again, that goes back to what I was talking about the very beginning of this call. Give him a reason making him want this isn't always going to solve it. He may want it, but he may not be the guy that can write the check, or he may not be the guy that can say yes or no. He may have a wife, he may have a boss, and they have a partner, all kinds of things that are going to say, No, he has to go to them and give them a reason. So you got to give him a damn good reason to do this. And you know, this whole idea about making the money back, that's a rational reason that makes sense. That's something you can tell somebody why he wanted. But why did he really want to get this training and do this stuff that you were talking about, because you fed into his passion. He wanted to go deeper in this. He wanted to be he wanted to respect the confidence and the extra and the extra business of his, of his place in the hierarchy in the business. He was going to be the guy that was taking care of business. He was going to get to be the go to guy. This whole thing. There were all these kind of irrational things that he may not have been aware of, but all he had to do is go to the Boston This is a pay for itself with one extra, you know, with one extra buy in right on these questions. Well, yeah,

let's do this. Do you want to take a tiny break yet? John, okay, well, let's, let me dive into this, and I'll pull out a few questions. We got some really great headlines. I liked the one here. He says, he says, Oh, let me find it just quick second. Oh, yeah. This is Eric Ruth. He goes, John, you're probably the most swiped copywriter ever. Do you swipe or do you circle the desk till the original headline comes to you? Gene Schwartz talks about the importance of total originality in every piece. Do you agree? What do you think about that?

I don't agree in originality. I mean, especially now, one of the things that's going on now, especially online, is just the blatant swiping that's going on. I can't, I can't hop online or cruise through, you know, marketing inside to Google, and I come across one of my ads that's been knocked off. But, you know, because I actually include swipe files in my designers club and stuff. I mean, I have, you know that Pandora's Box has was open a long time ago. So what happens is that until you get good enough to start to become more original, you're going to need help. You're going to need one of the things that halberd did, for example, he had a big stack, about 503 by five cards with great, classy headlines on it. And he would just go through the stack and throw out a few that maybe, you know, triggered ideas in his head. Of course, the headline he took off maybe for a a diet product, when he was actually writing about a, you know, a marketing course or something, or something completely different. But it's the structure of the headline. And once you're you're looking for you're looking for blueprints, you're looking for things that kind of, kind of will help you. It's kind of like an architect he's going to build in Arizona. But that doesn't mean he can't go through plans of houses that were built in Minnesota or downtown New York or something, because he'll say, Oh, the New York, you know, the basic foundation won't work, but because we're built on rock instead of, instead of cement. But look at the second story. Look at how the, you know, how the eaves are done, or whatever. So he'll find pieces of that. So you start to do that. So, yeah, using swipe files makes sense, but you're still going to come up with an original, original fund in that almost no two USPS are the same since a USP, you know what's, what's the first letter in USP unique. So there's going to be something different about what you're doing, about what you're going towards. And a lot of rookie writers are just happy, you know, they kind of let out a high relief when they've written a generic ad that doesn't really stand out, because it's kind of like everybody else's ad that's making it so, you know, at least they might break even, or pull a profit. So that's like your first step. But if you're really going to move into the world, into world class writing, where you're not just getting heartbreak results, where you know that for every dollar you make, you leave a $10 on the table, you're going to start picking up nine or 10, you know, eight, nine or $10 of that, of all the money that's that that's available out there at that market. To get to that point, you are going to have to be original, but not to the point that your writing is original where, you know, writing, reading should be a passive, unconscious process. You don't want the person to say, Oh my God. What a what a well crafted sentence that was. I, you know. Sent shivers down by five no you want, you want the reading to be you want your your your sales letter and your sales pitch to be a breathless ride. We call it down the grease shoot, or the grease slide. You want the reader to start up at the top. Give him a shove, and he's going so fast towards the end that he he can't even catch a breath. Everything is happening so fast. It's just everything he reads just fuels the fire inside of him. This is the most exciting thing he wrote today. It's the images are popping in his mind about what has to happen. He has to have this. And a lot of times when you write a good pitch, they don't read the whole pitch. They're done by page two or three, and they're going to the back to see how to order. And that's very true that scene from was it, is it Barry McGuire or whatever, with Tom Cruise? What's the name of Renee zelwood, where he gives us long speech about why, you know he wants her in his life. And she said, You had me at hello. You want that to happen to that? You know some of my best pitches nobody's ever read the last few pages because they are so hot and bothered. By the middle part, they get through half of the bullet, and then they're ordering. They're calling, they're looking for the order card, or they're jumping to the or they're scrolling all the way down to the bottom and find out how they can get this. Hey, that's great. They're not reading your pitch. To have an experience of reading the pitch. They're reading because you hook them. You hook them because they want something, they need a solution, or there's some reason why they're there and you're you're just piling on fuel to this little tiny spark that happened and turn it into a raging, raging fire deep inside their gut.

So that's very true. And you know, if I think about a lot of things, I've bought. Rarely did I read the whole thing. Sometimes I did, but most of the times like, Okay, I'm convinced.

Bye. You remember Ben to Vegas seminar? Yes, I never read the pits. I was literally the first guy to sign up. I heard from someone that he was going to be given a seminar. We didn't even know what the date was or where it was, and I emailed them, and I said, Gary, I want to sign up. Where do I send the money? Says, I don't have anywhere for you to send the money yet. John, he says, he says, I'll put you on a list or something. I said, No, I'm sending money. How much you're going to charge. And without knowing anything else about it, I sent him a check overnight, by FedEx, and his his wife said Texas. You were the first one, you know, irrelevant to me, except for finding out where, where it was going to be and what the hotel was.

It's funny, you mentioned that, because I don't think I ever even saw the pitch myself. I just, I just, kind of, I was far from the first to get in. But I just sent him a check too. He said, I'm going to be doing the seminar. And I said, Well, Sign me up. So exactly. Well, here's, here's, I got a question from Scott Braden. He says, All the copy gurus say there's certain elements of good sales letter or offer must or should have headlines, testimonials, a PS, etc. But there are also more advanced things, like setting up subheads and call outs for easy scanning. Do you have a personal checklist that you use to make sure you don't forget anything and what's on it?

You know, I probably had a checklist when I started out. I don't know what it is, and in my course, of course, kick ass, copyrighted secrets of a marketing rebel. I have checklist like that, or I have, I explain it all in the chapters, and actually, I have a prototype letter, I think it chapter seven or something. We just kind of goes through the basic stuff. So yeah, there's some things there. But basically, you want to get to the point where you're you're making a verbal sales pitch, you're having a conversation that you can't you, you can't hear what he's saying back to you, but you're assuming that he's saying, Oh, yeah. Or what, what do you mean by that? Or, or what's that all about? And so that's why start certain paragraphs with. Well, here's the story, here's what that means, here's why this is important to you. And I do a lot of that kind of having that conversation, not, not anticipating, well, actually, I am anticipating what the objections are. But he may not, he may or may not have had that objection come up in his mind, but it's going to be there. Because I understand the market. I understand that most people have these objections, so I'm going to address everything there, and I'm going to say, here's why, you know, here's why that is so important. Here's why this should matter to you. Here's why this will make your life easier, you know, start talking about it, and then here's the, here's what you're going to find. Then I go into these blind teaser bullets, you know. And it's just, it's just, Oh, my God, he hadn't even thought about that. And this is, you know, starting to build the image in his head, fuel that fire. But when it comes down to subheads and things like that, there is a visual element to it, and that's something where a lot of people don't, you know, kind of fall down when, where the professionalism starts to evaporate. If you kind of learn this, you know, with, you know, by, by learning it the wrong way, or learning it, you know, homegrown stuff. Professional writers, when I write for the big mailers, Rodale, Gore Phillips, big. That offset one.

We crafting the final look of the letter. That's why these letters are such a pain in the butt. I'm not just editing it to the point of good enough. I'm editing it to the point where it's going to impress them with the way it looks. And that needs a lot of eye relief. And that means that, you know, the letter kind of has each page kind of has like an hourglass shape. That's what you kind of want. You never want big blocks of gray copy even an email. You want to break it all up. The good, a good way to write right now, if you're a rookie, single sentence paragraph and it can seem kind of jerky for a while, but what you're doing, you're spacing that thing out. You're airing it out so you never covered. So the reader doesn't come across a 15 line paragraph where he has to go, Well, if I'm going to, you know, you just talked about bathroom breaks, if I'm going to take a break, I better do it now, before I read this, and he said, put to the side. That day you lost them. So you want to make each one you know. You want to use the bucket brigade, which is, you know, and you know. So what? One sentence, and here's, here's why this is why this is important to you. Blah, blah blah next. Next paragraph is another sentence that may grammatically belong in that previous paragraph, but you're not doing it. You're spacing it down and it says, What's more, blah, blah blah, then the next sentence is another paragraph. And not only that, blah blah, you're using this stuff that makes them continue reading. So you know, the more eye relief, the better, especially when you're a rookie. You will see that often by ads, because I use such long headlines, sometimes you got to be really good to use a long headline because there can't be a spare word in there. Those long headlines are long because there's no way to write it shorter. You know, I'm not writing long copy because long copy magically works. I'm writing long copy because that's what it takes to get the sales pitch across. So I was translating the sales pitch in my head from this imaginary conversation I'm having with the with the reader, and it just takes eight to 12 to 20 pages or whatever to have that conversation. It's essentially like sending a salesman out to go knock on your door, and I'm not telling them, you could. You got 150 words, and you got to shut up, no matter what, you know. No, you say, just get the pitch. I don't care if it takes you 15 minutes or an hour and a half or whatever it takes, you know, find out what's what happened. Now, getting back to the idea of a of a list or something, most door to door salesmen do have a list. They understand. They have 15 things they got to go through with this guy, and if they cut that pitch short, they're going to risk losing the sale. If you're selling a cycle through, they will give you a pitch to go down, and that's been a tested pitch that's gone through for years with a fine tooth comb. And trying to shortcut that pitch is going to cause you problems. This is answering another question you haven't asked me, but it's all about the idea of prepping and fitting what you need to do into some kind of list. And when you understand what it takes to sell to somebody, you know you're going to have to cover a certain number of objections. And if you're going into a market for the first time, just write down all the objections you're going to encounter. This may involve interviewing some people, finding out what the objections are by asking them, like you talked about the guy having the 15 minute calls, or just what you're doing here, asking for questions. Find out what's on people's mind. If you're not a person in this market, if you're either a freelancer or or you're getting into a market where you're really not a fan of the market. You're you just decided it's something you wanted to get into. You better find out what's on the person's mind, what what's on the typical buyer's mind, and what you're and what flipped him, what took him from being a semi interested prospect to becoming a take out my wallet, give you money, kind of customer. What objections were there? You know? What is, you know, well, you know, is it too high price? Can I, you know, can I, can I reuse this? Are you going to call me again? You know? Are you going to send my name out? There's all kinds of things that that people are worried about. They're keeping them from making a final decision. And some of those, some of those objections are irrational. Some are very rational. Make sense. Some are myth. You know, you may be clearing up some some bad ideas about the product, but each one is individual. So there is no master list to what's covered because, because I talked about having a heads up, you know, I like to use super scripts, which are like the headline has my top three benefits, so to speak, the superscript above that will have the fourth benefit, the subhead beneath that will kind of tidy up some of the housekeeping. We don't bring it into words. You know, you can see it free, or you can, you know, you can sample this without, you know you can sample this right now, if you're one of the first 11 people of all blah, then by opening paragraph, kind of re sums up the top three stuff. Get into it. Then I get into the into the pitch. And I've always thinking about what the what the reader is is, is saying to himself to get out of reading this thing, because he's looking for an out all the time. So I'm always thinking, What can I say now? That's going to re hook them. That's going to keep him interested, you know. And so I keep coming back to him about how this is going to help him how. And then I generally get to a point where I just say bullet. And if I only have 15 bullets, I'm going to use a ball. Or if I have six bullets, if I have 152 bullets, which is a wealth of information I have been known to use, you know, I have been known to write eight pages of bullets, but I may not want to do that. I may want to cool that down and just say there's so much more, you know, and have that as a use half the bullets as a backup letter, you know, to people that don't buy but are sitting on the fence. So, you know, I get to the point where there's bullets, and what the bullets do is they just, they tweak every single little hot button in his passionate little heart. And you want to make a list, you want to make a list of all the benefits to all the features, all the benefits that he hasn't thought about, all the answers, all the objections, all of that stuff. Make those out as bullets. Make a hierarchy of them, starting with the most important first. Don't hide the most important benefits and elements of your sales pitch, because you never know when he's going to stop reading. And I'll tell you something Perry, I have written four or five pages with a bullet before, and I know from experience that sometimes it's one bullet that makes the sale. So if one bullet is going to be a common denominator in that market where it's going to flip 40 or 50% of these guys, I want that bullet to be number one.

Well, I noticed that basically your response to this question was, it's not about having a checklist of things that your letters got to look like. It's a checklist of ways that you're going to harmonize with your customer?

Well, yeah, but I would emphasize again, it's the sales pitch, it's the sales conversations you would have. And yeah, I like the word harmonize, but getting in tune with the person you're talking to. It's not about you. So many writers make the mistake of thinking what I think about the product and what I like about it, or what all you know what happened to me when I did the product that may be a passing interest most of the time, because no interest at all. This is all about the reason. It's about his wants, his age, and what it's going to do for him. Yourself, out of it, you are merely the vehicle for taking the benefits that exist that he doesn't know about or isn't cognizant of, or or isn't quite understand, and you are the vehicle that you are making the manifest inside of his head so that they sit there. You know, one of the I don't know if I said this before, but one of the biggest thrills I get is when I hear about somebody who read a picture of mine, put it down and, for some reason, didn't order, and it woke up the middle of the night, cursing me because they had to get up and find that 800 number and call because they because they couldn't stop thinking about it. That's good. That's, you know, what you want, really is the sale. You want the guy to to you order before he finished reading, you know, to drop everything and go do that. Sometimes that can't happen. Maybe he's on the train home and he's not here a phone or whatever. Or he's, you know, he's online, but he hasn't got his credit card or whatever. But you want your pitch to get inside and rattle around and make him uncomfortable. Putting that buying decision in there is an act of discomfort for the for the for the prospect. You don't want them to be comfortable. You want to be uncomfortable. And the only way to to scratch that itch is the order find out what the question is all about, what?

Now, that's a great point. Okay, I want to talk about this for a second, this thing of making people uncomfortable. And there's another question that somehow this just popped in my head Sunny, asked this question about, what if I don't like to to promote myself? And somehow I got this feeling like these two things are very related to each other. Speak to that. Speak to this whole, you know, discomfort about promoting yourself, or discomfort about making the other guy squirm.

It's a very common thing. I come across with critique. People wipe from their heel. And what that means is that they're not they are. They are squirrely about just coming out and saying, You need this. You need to buy it. Here's how to get it. Here's how much it is. They can't say that. Well, you know what? That's what you need to do. If this becomes a psychotic episode in your life where you absolutely cannot ask somebody to buy, you need to get into a different business. This is what I talk about. When I talk about waking up your inner salesman. Everybody has an inner salesman. 99% of the inner salesman in the population is just fast asleep, and most of the time he will never be woken up. If you're in this business, you need to wake the little bastard up and put him to work selling for you, this inner salesman, if you you know, there's a lot of TV shows out there like lost you know, where people are suddenly thrust out of their lives into another situation? You know what the first thing that happens when your house. Three, and you're on a deserted island, and you're kind of desperate, and you got to go into survival mode. What's the first thing that happens inside your head? Your inner salesman wakes up. There's only a little bit of food there. You're going to, you know, you're going to find yourself negotiating for survival. And that's where you know. And you know, I'm not saying you need to go into that, but really, if you know, we when I first started writing, I made a decision that was very that turned out to be just the basis of everything I needed to do. And I call it gun to the head writing, I sat down and and the reason I imagined a gun to my head that would go off if I did make this letter work now that gun wasn't real. There wasn't a real loaded gun, but there wasn't metaphorically, there was because I only had enough. I started out with enough money to for one more month's rent, and I, you know, and I could barely afford another tank of gas in the car, and I had to make those first pieces work. So when I sat down using my meager skills and my and I was using the swipe file at the time, by the way, it was very, you know, it was like tested advertising methods. I was swiping headlines from there like crazy. It's John staples book written in the 40s, I believe. Anyway, you know, when I sat down, I thought, you know, you know, if I don't make this work, then I got to go find another gig, you know, because there's no safety net. There's no second chance here. That attitude I have kept my entire career, and that's the attitude you need a gun to the head, that if you don't make this work, the gun's going to go off. So what would you use that word? Would you position your pitch this way, would you be a Wookie and not ask for the sale if a gun was to your head? And the answer almost always is No, you wouldn't, you know, you wouldn't use this bad word. You try a stronger word. You wouldn't come across and go on some tangent and, you know, make some weird noises about, you know, you know about, you know, maybe buying this if you if you want, or maybe not. I don't really care, anything like that. No, you would come forward and say, you need this. You need this right now. Here's how you get it. Here's why this price is good. Here's, here's, here's everything you need to know to make the buying decision.

That's great. That's great. I there's, I think, so many of us, and I mean, I can, I've been slowly unlearning, okay, I am not going to be squeamish about asking people for money, you know, like, like, when I first started selling my marketing system to basically sales people who, you know, they need to generate sales leads, and they need to get in to see a customer without beating the door down and cold calling and all this kind of stuff. And I knew how to do that, and I had to, I had to, like, look in the mirror and get straight with myself that look Perry, if they don't, if you don't get their money, and if they don't get their product, they're going to stay on the same road they're on, and that road is misery for them, like I had to get had to get straight in my head that what I'm doing is good and it's worth their money, and if they do what I tell them to do, it's worth 10 or 100 times more than what they're paying me. And I shouldn't feel at all squeamish about that, and I got over it, but I had that feeling for a long time.

It's all about being the go to guy. You know, if you're going to if you really have good product, if what you offer really will help the person, the prospect you're going to and if it's so unusual that if they don't get this product, they probably will not solve the problem they have, where they will wind up with something inferior, then it's your job to stand up and say, I know what's going on. I'm the guy you should be dealing with. Come to me, get this do it right now. I mean, you know, shame on you if through, because you're such a Weasley writer that you don't get the point across, that that there's no alternative to this, that this is the best option out there, that you're going to take care of them, that there's no risk at all, that that all they got to do is try this. If you don't get this point across, using the best salesmanship tactic you can use, and shame on you. That's your job. That's your only job, is to get this, get that point across. That's great. That's why, that's why you gotta that's why you got to wake up the inner salesman, put that bad boy to work.

I had a couple of really interesting questions about refunds. I'm just gonna go through both of them and you can respond. Says John is 150% behind money back guarantees. So is Barry and 1000 other guys. How does this work with fiction e books and text adventure games, I'm definitely afraid I'll sell 9000 copies and issue 8990 refund. And then those 8990 people still have one of my titles for free. In the industries I'm involved in books and software, the combination of the two refunds on purchase titles don't happen, not even with a note from God. So I could be a maverick shop the industry do the exact opposite. Have a bunch of controversy shed some light. I think this is a pivot point to me closing truckloads of more sales. I need serious convincing. Let's start with that one. What do you think about that?

So this guy is in a market where he thinks if he makes a generous guarantee, that too many people are going to take him up

on. Yeah, he thinks like 99% of them will.

Well, my first question is, why does he think that? Now, here's it, here's, here's the thing with guarantees. A lot of rookie first of all, no one experience in direct response sales questions the value of a guarantee. So rookies come in and they get all nervous about offering a guarantee. When I say rookies, I sometimes talk about guys who have been in business for 50 years, they just never done direct response, maybe the retail thing. And what a guarantee does nobody, in my experience, you have to live with about a 7% guarantee rate, 7% return rate, about 7% of any market. And this is not an exact thing, but this pretty much rounds out. If somebody calls me says I got a 7% return rate, how do I get a lower i My answer is, you're not. You're just not. You know, there's just enough people out there. They do. They feel squirrely after ordering that that they're they're not gonna do it. If you have a 14 to 20% in some markets, that's average, when you're talking about some of the diet markets that they just it, just you have to learn to live with a high return rate. However, if you got a 20% return rate, you know that the competition is operating on a 7% or even lower. There are ways around it. One of the ways to do it is a stick letter, which I'm sure you've talked about, Perry, I know you've used it before, and that's just reinforcing the buying decision in the prospect buying. Sometimes the Stickler arrives before the product and tells them, hey, you know, I'm really glad you ordered. You just made the best decision in your life. And you know, because you were such a good guy, did this here, I'm sending you something free. I didn't even talk about and you don't make another sale. You give them the free information when the product arrives. And this is something that a lot of people don't understand. When you write a great direct response sales pitch, and the person buys, and they get the thing often. And this is, I don't understand how this works. I don't question it so often they won't crack the seal on the on the package. They'll put it up on their shelf, and they won't get to it. Why is this? Because when you do the sales pitch, you get into their passionate sweet spot, and you generate the excitement needed for them to make the buy. Time passes, even if they're downloaded an ebook, some time passes and they get the ebook, and they put it in a file, they say, well, I'll get to that later. They get to that. Well, the passion starts to fade. That's why a direct response you got to make that sale while he's got the letter in his hand or the email up on his screen. If you let him get away, even if he swears you he's going to come back later, a good salesman knows that very few of people going to come back and make a buy, because the again, buying is an irrational decision. So as far as the guarantees go, if you have a high guarantee rate, a couple of Well, only a couple of things are happening. One, you just got a shitty product, and shame on you for doing that, and you deserve your high return rate. If you have a good product, though, and you're still getting high return, then it might be a pricing problem, and you have to make sure that the product has value equal to the price you're charging. Now, this doesn't mean when you're selling information, you know, how do you put a price on information, for example, or games? I mean, how do you do that if most people are used to paying 1995 for a game for their Xbox. They're actually 3995 in it, you know, you know, then if they're charging less than or charging more than the industry average, you have to have a reason why this is, this is why we use reason why hobby, we give them a reason, why it's cheaper, why it's more expensive, or why it is the price it is. And all you got to do is give them a reason why. Because everybody understands. In the sales letters, you give them reasons why they want the product, but they want to get when it comes down to the close, you got to give a reason why they're paying what they're paying. And when you do that right then in their head. There. They never question. Or they can. They can answer the wife or their partner or their or their anybody who questions, why did you pay 100 bucks for this? You can get a Xbox game for 39 bucks. And the guy says, well, because it's blank, what is he? What have you armed him with to say that makes this all worthwhile? So the person is doing the question. He says, Oh, that makes sense. Okay, very good. Now, as far as being scared about guarantees, if he thinks he's going to get 99% guarantees, and he's in a market I've never heard of where people are trying, excuse me, that's another phone line. People are are actually going to the trouble of reading a sales letter. Think about this process, guys reading a sales letter, taking out their wallet, ordering something, waiting for it to come or download it, or whatever the process is, knowing that they're going to keep part of it and send the rest of it back and do all this and get their money back and do that. Yeah, there's probably a few people out there that maybe think that way. That's why you may never get below a 7% return rate, but you're never going to have a huge market full of people who are going to go to that trouble just to screw you out of one little freebie thing that they get to keep, you know, and do them the Rodale, the biggest, biggest biggest mailer in the country, I think, still, and they do book things, they have one offer, they never change, and they don't let the writers change it. You can't pay for the book. You can only order it free. So if you read one of the pitches and you decide you want this book on gardening or financial advisor, whatever it is, you can only order it free for 30 days. At the end of 30 days, you can send it back and pay nothing. If you want to. If you want it, just keep it. You will be billed and and you can pay the bill, even if you decide five years later, however, that you made a mistake and you, after all, you don't want the product for whatever reason. You can send it back then and get a refund so you can look at it free. If you decide you don't want it, all you got to do is send it back. And they even provide the posting for sending it back. And even if you do pay for it, maybe you can change your mind. This is the biggest mailer in the country. They go to every single list available. They mail every name they can get their hands on, so they cover almost every market and every person. Sorry, the dogs are barking at the what are the advantages of working at home? As you get to work at home, one of the disadvantages over good at home is that you have to work at home.

Yeah, I understand. I had a five year old giving me pictures while I was talking here.

So anyway, that's that kind of answers the question. First of all, it's an irrational fear. Second of all, and this is something I wanted to say, This guy is asking a question. He says, I and he started out there. I know that you and John and everybody else talks about guarantees and stuff, but I'm in a market that, and as soon as I hear that, my eyes just glaze over. Nothing different about your market. It's like you're saying, you're saying, Hey, I know that every guy who's ever you know asked for the hand of a woman in marriage you know, did these things or did something like this. But my girlfriend's different. No, she's not.

Let's unless you think I missed some part of that.

I think that's good. Well, I think you just try it for a week at least, you know? And I also thought it was interesting that that was Rodale. They're not even getting the guy's credit card first. They're billing them. That's right, wow. I mean, not everybody. It's not like they have to pay the bill. Are they going to get reported credit agency or something if they don't pay for their book?

You know? I I remember asking them about that, what kind of thing they do, and basically, you know, you go through, I guess they have collection things, you know where they they mail it, but basically it's a like, I say it's a bottom line game. They know they're going to get a certain number of people who are going to keep the book and never send it back. And the answer to that is, so what you know? They know that if they get a book that works, they know what their numbers have to be to be able to cover all extendee. It's like when you mail out letters. You know, a certain number of letters are not going to get delivered. They're not going to get they're not going to, you know, they're just not going to make it into the person's mailbox. You know, there's going to be losses involved. I hate to use this analogy, but it's like invasion in Norman in World War Two. Eisenhower knew that landing in Normandy was going to include 50%

casualty rate, yeah, something like that. How do you make

a decision like that, you know? And the reason he did is that he literally had a gun to his head. There was, you know, that was a decision he had to make to save Europe, to get in there, and it was not something that a he would make in a normal situation. An abnormal situation, or it was a situation he had, I guess he didn't have another option. He didn't have the option of waiting or doing something different or trying something different. That's what they agreed on. That's what they knew they had to do that time was right? They had to go in. They just knew that it was a, you know, they were gonna have to live with that.

Yeah, it was 50% now or more later. So,

right? That's the same, same decision to win into the bomb a Hiroshima, and I guess we're going off on a tangent at a left not explored.

Well, your point is taken. Okay, here's here's another one. He says, What's the magic formula to web market marketing? Okay? Killer copy in the site, then they opt in according to a Weber's page, it takes at least seven messages before people buy. How many opt in emails? Do you send one killer piece, nine small but powerful bullets? How do you stagger it a multi piece email campaign?

You probably answer this better than I can. I mean, the answer is basically, what does it take for your market? And the idea that you need to sit, you know, whatever a Weber is saying is including every Yahoo out there sending out emails. So if you need seven emails, and they could sales, and you're dealing with an extremely dense or uninterested market, or you're not selling very well. So generally, this is where Dan Kennedy and I kind of part ways in that. He, now, I'm not saying he's wrong. He, you know, Dan, Dan does this to to a degree of success that is staggering. But he likes to do the multi level, not multi level, the multi layered advertising thing, where you get hit with seven or 14 letters, you know, and they keep their like variations to do that. I don't like to do that. I come from the other school, and it's really because I'm so damn lazy. Seven letters or 14 letters, I want to write one killer letter that can be mailed over and over and over again. Now, here's a secret that a lot of people don't understand. When you have a sales letter that goes out that gets a 20% response, or, brings in X number of dollars. Re mail it again in three weeks, and you're going to get x divided by two. You're going to get half of that. And if you've got a big hit on your hand, then you're an idiot for not mailing it. And the formula is, keep mailing it until it gets down to about break even, because half of break even is a losing thing. Now, is this exact No, it's not exactly. It's the way smart direct response marketers work. So you don't need different letters. Now, you can change the letter a little bit by saying on the envelope last chance. Or, you know, second notice, you know, in red on the top of the letter. Or, you know, or have a little cover note I sent you. I sent you this before. I didn't know if you got it. I thought you might want to know about this because it's such a great deal blah, blah things like that, but you don't need to change the pitch.

Well, I'll weigh in on this from really a different angle, and I'll refer to Ben savannah's seminar, where what Ben savannah's formula is all about is including, with the advertising, lots and lots of good content that makes it valuable in and of itself, right? The Maga log approach and and that sort of thing, right?

Yeah, they are not writing multiple Maga logs. I can guarantee you that

well, right, but, but what? What the email version of this is, and this is how I do it is I have one sales letter on my website for one particular product, and somebody opts in, they start getting a whole bunch of autoresponder messages. And all those different autoresponder messages are basically little pieces of Gary's megalog, if you will, right where? Well, let me tell you how to do this. Let me tell you how to do this. Let me tell you how to do this. Let me tell you how to do this. And they might get 10 of those, or 20 or whatever. And I'll just take content, and I'll keep spoon feeding little bits of it, but at the end of every single email is a link back to that original sales letter, so I don't just hit them once they I build a relationship with them over time, and what I found is that sometimes I never actually got them to buy the thing that I was originally trying to sell them, but they did buy something else. There's probably people in this coaching program. They never actually bought my book that I was trying to sell in the first place, but they bought the coaching but the reason they trusted me was because, like Gary's formula, I proved that I was trustworthy and reliable by giving them some good content. You are doing that any different way with your

blog, right? Actually, what I do with my bloggers reverse the sales process rather than me going out. I have something where people come in and works very, very well, but it's all dependent on personality and content. That's a whole other section, right?

And that's, that's what I think auto responders mostly should be. They shouldn't be hammering sales pitches. You can have the hammering sales pitch on your website, but I think, I think those autoresponder messages need to be good content. Oh, one. One guy that might be on this call is Glenn Livingston, and he's got this guinea pig site, guinea pig secrets.com, and if you opt into a site, you get like, 68 autoresponders over the next year or some ungodly thing. And basically what Glenn has done with that is nobody in their right mind would ever try to go up against them and write that much good content for free. It makes him king of that market, and he's selling a lot of books.

You know, that's a secret that the guy who was worried about return is still needs to learn too. A lot of people get very, very jealous about the information they have. They say, Well, I'm not going to tell you that. You know, you got to pay for it. Got to pay for it. And what I've discovered as a went back when I was still selling my copyrighted services, is that if I got in front of a guy or on a call with a guy, or was at a seminar talking with someone, that I could give away everything I knew I didn't have to hold back. At first I thought I needed to hold back, and I would say, Well, I can't say that. You need to, need to pay me to find out how to do that. I found out that was much easier for me to not hold back, to not be coy, to not play any game and just lay it all out there. That's why I'm doing this on this call. I'm not holding anything back. Happens is that people, you know, if they're going to come to me, they're going to come to me anyway and buy my product or whatever, but, you know, I'm really out there to teach, and I, you know, that's where I get my jolly it's a interesting. It's a pleasant side. Fact that I also, you know, can make some money doing this too, but that's a pleasant side. Fact I've really my whole career has been getting to the point where I am independent enough and free enough to be able to teach, because that's where I'm really, really happy doing that. Now, the thing that I couldn't predict was going to happen, but that has happened, is that by giving everything away, by giving away content, by letting letting everything out, essentially just saying everything, I still sell this stuff, because a lot of people say, Well, you know, that's really great, but I can either, I can go through all your blogs, and I can go through all your new, you know your free newsletters and find transcripts, or your talks at seminars and those stuff, or I can just buy your your course where it's all laid out very, very simply, and get all this stuff but, but they're not guessing at that point. They're not saying, Well, I guess maybe you kind of know what you're talking about. No, they are absolutely convinced. So if they're looking for somebody who knows what they're talking about, you know that's how you establish yourself as the go to guy in a market? If you are absolutely fearless about giving out everything you know, about doing this stuff, even if you know you, you will sell stuff, even if what you sell is a replication of what you've been given away for free. It doesn't seem like it should be that way in most markets, especially information markets. It is because you know what, when you, when you, when you sign out with me, you get the newsletter too, you know. And the newsletter is just, is constantly refreshing the stuff and keeping that date going. There's a lot more to be said than what I can give away free in an hour or even a three hour call like this. You know, there's never enough. Three hour call translates to a couple of chapters, you know, right?

I'll just add one more little tidbit before we go into the next thing, which is this whole autoresponder thing, is also a stick strategy, because what I do with my products is, I assume, and it's also true with a white paper or free report or anything, I assume they came they bought it, they intended to read it. The phone rang. They never got back to it. So now I'm just going to take the very, very best parts of every chapter, the really juicy stuff, and I send it to them in email, day two, day four, day six, day 10 and and so that if they never crack the book, they'll still get the most important stuff in their email, and they'll go, gee, I like this guy. Gee, I would be a real schmuck if I sent this back and it suppresses refunds and it makes happier customers. Matter of fact, I had a guy come up to me at a seminar six months ago and he goes, Perry, a bunch of your definitive guy to Google AdWords, and something happened that never happened to me before I start getting this little trickle of helpful emails to explain all this stuff to me and make it really simple, so that that that it was like you were trying to make sure that I did my Google stuff right, and I didn't give Google any more money than I had to. And he goes, I really appreciated that, actually, that this was Alan Bechtel that told me that you know, Alan, right? Yeah. And you know, Alan's like a pro in the business. He's been around the block for 20 years, but he's never had that experience, and I really appreciated that. And of course, well, the important thing is he did too. And so it is a refund strategy. Refund suppression strategy is, hey, just keep giving them some value.

Well, you know what? You know what the trick is to being a guru or a teacher, if that's what you want to do, the trick is very simple. I mean, I naturally care about people. And I was, you know, I was helping other writers for years, I would just, they called me up, they were stuck, and they did something. I just walk them through what they needed to do. And these are, these are my peers. It, and they called me, and they knew that I wouldn't tell anybody, that they could get the real deal, that it was just that, and I didn't get anything out of that, except they accept that, you know, heartfelt thanks, and, you know, maybe a favor in the little piggy bank. But I almost never call in my favors. And so when I went out teaching, I just applied that same thing. I knew I was getting something out of that. And I like doing it, the fact, like I say, the fact I get money for it just makes it more of it, makes it, makes it real. For me, that was it makes it, you know, the fact I get paid for being a teacher means that I can continue being a teacher. So I don't just do it for the guys who are in my little inside circle. Instead, I can start, I can offer something like insider club, and go to other people and offer them advice. And it's, it's, you know, the key is to really care. It's just, you know, if you're the kind of guy who doesn't care about other people who doesn't like going to be if you're a real curmudgeon and you really are invested, that's not the gig for you. You'll find something else. There's lots of things out there to sell and to do things. And there's, you know, most people are not like that. But if you are the kind of guy that caring will come through. You can't fake it. So for me, I'm not crafting some personality in my blog or my newsletters or anything like that. That's me. That's the easiest writing there is. It's like writing in my diary, you know? It's just, I just made the decision, you know, I'm letting these people into my life. I'm going to tell it like it is, and I'm going to treat them with critiques and stuff the way I treat myself. It's the easiest thing in the world now, it's still great information. It's stuff you can't get anywhere else. It's stuff you really can't get anywhere else, because it's coming for me. Nobody can replicate that. I am un replicatable, except for the fact you that people knock off my news. But when it gets right down to it, what the secret thing is, is me, I What, that's what I bring this, that's what you bring to this as a coaching is, you that's one of the hardest things about this is, you know, trying to clone somebody to take over, you know, I wish I had somebody that could write my newsletter every couple of months. You can't do it. You know, there's a little bit of, but it's a, it's a sweet shackle. It's not, it's not an onerous thing. It's, it's just, it's just something that, you know, the small commitments that I've made, to writing a monthly newsletter, to doing critiques, doing that, it's a pleasant thing. It's something I really enjoy and I really like, and I think that comes through it's easy, because I'm not hiding, I'm not faking it, I'm not doing anything. And if you can find a niche for yourself, and that includes everybody here on the call, where you can be yourself. Then that is marketing Nirvana, because it's all going to come through. And all you need then is the market big enough to, you know, to fund you in the way you need to be funded.

I hope everybody, this is probably one of the most important things that you've said. I hope everybody actually goes when you send out MP threes, or hopefully go back and listen to this part, because, especially if you're in the information business, but even still, to a lesser degree, if you're selling a physical product, that this really is more than anything else. This is about you being you. It's about you just sort of getting comfortable with taking the stuff that is so normal to you, that's your your thoughts and your personality, your approach to things, and laying it out on the table and letting people participate in it. That is what people are really buying, as much as they're buying whatever you think it is they bought. And in the case of John, you know John, John's got all these tricks, all these techniques, all these stories, all of these copywriting methods and everything, but the thing that enables John's students to learn from him effectively is they get to know John. They come to appreciate his idiosyncrasies. They like hearing that same old one legged golf story for the 14th time, because it's a great story, and because it's John, they bond with John, and now they they have learned how to learn from John, and they keep renewing every year, and they keep and that's the business that John did. So John's in the business of waking up, putting on a sweat pants or whatever you wear. For all I know you you walk around the house naked, but you know it's like is that you wake up every day and you say, I get to be me today, and and one of the things that me does is me. Helps other people be them. What are

we on? Like, almost two hours. Okay, let's

move on. Okay, one guy. This was a great, this is a great. Question It was he says, I sell retail after market, ATV, parts and accessories. Most of my product descriptions come straight from the manufacturers. How do you tackle copywriting for retail markets like this? The copywriting model format I see used for info products or one product sites doesn't seem to fit. Thank you for your consideration. That's from Travis Smith.

That's all terrain vehicles.

He's talking about, I believe. Yeah, yeah, all terrain Yeah. So, so, yeah, he's selling, I mean, me selling handlebars, or he's selling mag wheels or exhaust pipes or something, I think so

it's just, it's just not true. I'm my next you know, I only have a few clients my one of my clients is a was the golf guys who are branching out into musical instruments and training. And I'm about to write an ad just for bass players with the training video about about these guys. And they've also sold actual clubs, you know, the physical elements of playing golf or playing music, as opposed to the informational side of

it, musical instrument stuff and accessories. And, yeah, okay,

actually, and I retail stuff that could be sold by retail. And I don't change the what I do at all. I don't change the way I write at all. What you are selling, here's here's a good lesson to learn. What you are selling is not the product. What you think is your product is not your product. Your product is what your product does for the buyer. So in other words, if you're a lot of people fall in love with the fact that they're selling a seminar. They put in the headline by God's a seminar. Come on out. Well, nobody wants to go to a seminar, and a seminar is not something that's exciting. You have chosen the seminar as the vehicle of bringing the benefit, of making the benefits manifest to the person who come to the seminar. You could have chosen to make it a series of videotapes or an ebook or something like that. You just happen to choose the vehicle of a seminar. So you're not selling a seminar. You're selling what that seminar does for the person. It's the same in retail. You're not selling skis. You're selling what the skis do for the for the skier who buys them. So once you understand that, then you understand that basic salesmanship is all about hitting that irrational sweet spot deep inside and about what they want. It's like cars. I keep coming back to cars, because basically, if, if what you want is transportation, then there's no reason to buy a Porsche, or there's no reason to buy a high end Toyota or Lexus or anything like that, because the low end, you know, Korean cars, you know, will have everything you want. They'll have air conditioning, and they'll have really comfy seats, and they'll have, you know, high crash ratings, and they have all this stuff, and you can get them for $18,000 why in the world would you spend twice that much? Well, when you start to answer that question, Why in the world does someone spend twice as much to do? What do they get in the car, when basically they're just sitting in the car and going down the street, going from point A to point B? Then you start to understand the psychology of a customer. And when you're selling ATV thing, you're not selling the you're not selling a vehicle, you're not selling the pipes or the nails and stuff. You're selling what those things do for the guy. So it all comes down to benefit. You got to have a better list of benefits than the competition has. That's pretty much

it well. So you could, conceivably, you could write a, if not a six page sales letter, maybe a two page sales letter about these handlebars or something, right? Oh, yeah. Could you, could you compare that to say, what if you went and looked at the Sharper Image catalog? Or could you talk about other slightly different approaches. I mean, I think the sharper image is more similar than different to you. That's my opinion. Could you speak to that?

In fact, the most recent sharper image, I'm a big fan of sharper image. And is it Jerry

Richard thalheimer,

yeah, Richard, I'm a big fan of him. And of course, he was following in the footsteps of none other than Joe Sugarman, who was one of the first to do a long copy as a one product, right? Started selling with an ion generator. Anyway, you know, when I first met Joe, had a seminar, and he goes, he goes, Hi, Jennifer, you I said, I said, Joe, listen, I bought one of your ION generators back in 1978 he goes, Yeah. I said, yeah, it doesn't work, and I want to know what you're going to do about it. Guy, just a genius. But anyway, what? What's the. If you the most recent Sharper Image catalog I saw went back to one page ads per product. And I don't know if he was experimenting or if he had gotten out of the thing, because they were starting to put five, six, you know, 17 products on a page. And so they don't, because they can only say a paragraph about it, you know, or something like that. Often when I do and just I may be going off on tangent to correct me here, Perry, but when you deal with catalog copy, with that, if a client comes to me and he's got a catalog, I have learned that I can go to him and I go, you have 175 products that he goes, yes. I go, what top? I'll bet you have three or six that are paying for the entire catalog. And he will pause, and he'll say, yeah, and I'll say, I'll bet you have one or two that is that really is your top seller by a huge amount. He'll say, yes, one product I see. Then why you have these other 170 products in there? Why aren't you sending out a letter for just that one product? Or why aren't you sending out something for just those top two products? Bring all this other crap in as a back end or something? And for those that change that paradigm, they are able to sell massive amounts of stuff, much more stuff, because they can target, because then they can write, instead of sending out 36 page catalog for 175 products, they send out one, you know, four or eight page letter on one product, and then they bring people in, and then they're off to the races, because they're dealing with with former buyers, as opposed to cold prospects. However, most people can't do that because they because, in their mind, they're cataloging catalog. How do you have a catalog with one product? You don't, well, what Joe Sugarman did and what sahama did is they had a the catalog became a collection of one page ads on single product, or about that, maybe half case about that, they were able to go to town. Now, when the writing good, it's not, it's not, you know, breezy, you know writing, it dead solid, right on direct response, hardcore, get to the sweet spot of the other person and do it. You know the, what's the is it Sky Mall? You know? Sure, everybody here flies. You get Sky Mall catalog in the seat pocket in front of you on the airplane. Yep, you know. They, they, they just collect catalog. And they say, you know, you get two pages of time all so these people that have these big catalogs, Eddie Bauer, everybody else, they only get to pick a couple of pages. So they're not picking the docs, they're picking the best stuff. And often they will go off, like, the ones that sell the best are the foreign language ones and things like that. And those are, like, four pages long. Was it Alex or what's it? Learn a foreign language or something, or no, no, it's the sales that learn how to sell something. I don't know. It's like a four page insert. It's one product. And then you look at the other catalog there, and there's, you know, 50. They try to cram as many products under the one page, you know, thinking they do that. If they just look at the numbers, they see that only one or two of the products are carrying the whole page F at all if they're selling anything. So the more you know, it's you know. Again, I don't write long copy because I like long copy. I would love to wake up one day and have the universe change so that I can write three paragraphs of cute, clever stuff. That ain't the way it works. I write long copy because that's what it takes to get the sales fix down, and you need to have a complete sales pitch down in order to make a sale. In most cases.

What do you think about Jay Peterman? And we probably might need to explain what that is for some

people from the J Peterman catalog, which is he goes off on another page. He kind of likes to create luscious landscapes of fiction, you know, around things you know, you know, imagine yourself on a beak and Bali and things like that. This is what I was going to bring up before that, that I forgot you said that I train people to expect to have a letter from John in their E box when they get something from John. So what you see is what you get, you will train your list to respond to how you bring them in. My best example of that is the doctor O'Leary golf letter. Dr O'Leary is this wacky guy who loves to golf, but he has a wife who doesn't let this is a real guy. I didn't make this stuff up, but I made it manifest. It's my voice, but it's really chant. You know, it's his it's his life channeled through my head. So it's not fiction, but it is a little bigger than life. But this is a real guy, Dr O'Leary, who talked and a golf guy, even when he doesn't, even when he knows that a letter sitting in the mailbox that he's got is from Dr O'Leary, even though he knows he's gonna get pitched on a product, he opens it anyway. We get amazingly high readership on this, because the ants, because what the prospect, what the guy did, the letter saying, because he's already bought something, and he's on the he's on the main mailing list. He's not saying, Oh, yuck. Another. Bothersome thing from that O'Leary guy. He's saying, hey, a little from O'Leary. I wonder what that nut case has to say today. I wonder what weird stories going to tell. And you get this, and you get to share your passion, well, about golfing with Dr O'Leary for a few minutes while you're reading the letter and talking about, maybe you want the product and maybe you don't, and and, you know, you just don't care, because you get to indulge a little bit, and that's what you can do with your with your market, too, no matter who you are. Once you have a list that's going an opt in market or whatever, you train them to crave what you're writing to understand it, it can be merely that you're providing content so that when they get an email from you, they jump right on it. Oh, my God. Last time I opened an email with him, he told me how to do blank and that's, you know, doubled my response, or whatever, or maybe it's just, hey. I wonder what that guy's got to say today. You know, I like that guy, and he never bothers me, never, you know, he's always got something to say. It's really, really easy reading. You know, my newsletters get high readership too, people. I can't tell you how many people come up to me top marketers, and they say, yours is the only newsletter I read, and that's, that's the biggest compliment I can get, because I know that they have 15 newsletters that they're comped on. They're getting, or they're paying for, they're getting all the top newsletters. And all I've ever wanted is a chance to get into people Ted and have that conversation. No, just just, you know, I write the thing anyway, but it's really gratifying to know that people are listening to me at the same time. By the way, I don't sell in my newsletter, it's all content. Yes, if I do sell, I'll add a another letter in the package that goes out. It says, And now and I'll just tell them I'm pitching you here, you know. And they know the newsletters here, so I don't get an Oh, yuck. Here's another pitch from Carlton. Look, he's got something else going on. You bet you don't get that. Oh yes, reaction, right?

Well, it's all about content. Here's a question from Mark ingles. He says it seems like most of the copywriting samples are for information, products like videos or ebooks. Most of your advice about bullets is to make them blind, but that doesn't work for tangible product, besides listing features and turning them into benefits. Do you have any suggestions for making killer bullets?

That's just silly. Perry, you can't do blind bullets. Of course you do a blind bullet. A blind bullet is merely alluding to the feature with a with a tangible benefit, and not telling them what the feature is. You got to get the product to understand what the feature is. Now, if you're

selling a nail, you know how many parts of the nail are there? There's the head, the

shaft and the point, I imagine, and then the steel factor or something. So, you know, the features would be, it's, it's got a, you know, a, you know, you can hit it with a block of cement or something that won't banders. And I don't know, whatever the benefits of the thing are, but you got to make the manifest in the person's head. You got to understand why people are buying nails, and what it is about nails that they want, what it is about nails they don't like from other nails, and what positions you uniquely in, in the, you know, in the prospects mine, in order to sell this stuff,

now you have a sort of, I don't know it's like a three Part formula that using in your bullets a lot.

I call it the two twisted approach. And it's, it's called the one two punch, actually, okay, I like and these are with, actually, I guess I do it with non teases. But you know, most of my bullets are teeth. They're blind. I'll tell you what the benefit is. But you've got to find you got to get the product to find out what it is that gives you that benefit. I want to create, and that's creating an edge. That's the teasing the blindness of the bullet creates the edge where they have to get the product to find out what's going on. I will also use bullets while I give away information. You know, five ways to do this, and then in parentheses number two, you know. You know you're going to wash your socks every day so you don't get athletes will when you're touring Europe. Number four, you know. And you're going to blah, blah, blah, and actually give them tips skipping number three, number one and number five. Okay, so when you're giving these the one two punch of writing a bullet, most people do a one punch bullet, they'll say, why having this product let you blank, you know, essentially, that's, that's, that's pretty much your standard bullet. Or, you know, how to, how to blank, when you know just, or just how to, how to blank, you know, yep, it's an information product. If it's a real product, like nails, you

is, let's say it's made out of some special steel alloy, and it doesn't break off.

So when I talk about the one two punch, I talk about delivering a good benefit, but then I always come up with a alternative benefit, even an income. Grew its benefit. Like, if I'm taught, like, I might try to bring in sex in the nail. Do it, but I'll try to do it. I'll say, I'll say, I'll say, you you know, it's you know, not, not only these nails the most effective things you are, dot, dot, dot, but they're just gorgeous little things that you know. You've never seen a sexy nail before until you've held one of these puppies in your hand. And that's, that's, that's an example of a one two punch. You come at them with a benefit, with a kind of expected but then you come at them from out of left field, another tangible benefit that they can be. They might smile when they debate when they read it, but they're not going to disagree with you.

Well, you know, sometimes that is what nudges people over the edge. You're like, well, they have these 15 different kinds of nails, and these ones have the slender, sexy, phallic machining on them, or something.

That's absolutely true. You can bring in the whole thing of, if I was doing this, I might bring in something that nobody else doing nails would talk about, which is what your co workers think about you. You know. You know, hey, you know that. We know the beauty about being able to hit this thing sideways and still have it going straight. You're going to be ahead of everybody else, and you're going to be the go to guy, you know, when it comes to building stuff for everybody else, you're going to rise to the top of the list on the union and everybody, Andy, your buddies are going to hate you because you're going to be known as the nail guy. Benefit that nobody else would think about or bring in that part of the one too, but bring in something from left field that nevertheless is relevant, that you wouldn't have thought of otherwise. That answers the question,

yes, it does. It does Okay, I got, I got another one. Let's talk about women. Hi, John, I'm selling a women's cosmetic product. It's unique, Hawaiian Facial Oil created out of one international oils, reduces liver spots, clears up crow's feet and wrinkles. Naturally. My target is baby boomer women, elderly women and men women smokers, because smoking ages skin quicker. Can you give me some tips on how to think like my target market so I can write sales copy for them? And basically he's asking a bunch of questions here. This is Welton Nakota. He's asking a bunch of questions about

Are you sure this is a guy?

Yeah, I know. Yeah, I know. I know the guy. So he it's a man. He's got to write the women. He's got to sell this, this special cosmetic product. And he's, he's wondering, Okay, how are women different? And okay, for rookies,

generally, don't try to get fancy. Women are not all that much different than men when it comes down to buying stuff. In the advanced version, it's night and day. Women have to be approached an entirely different way. So for a rookie, just try to get your basic sales pitch down. Say what you got. You know why it's good, what's going on when you're really going to get into world class writing, you're going to start to understand the psychology that goes on. And women are different breed than men. Men make a huge mistake when they write to women to really, really over generalize. Men tend to feature. Men tend to focus on the features of a product the half the weight, the size, the way it feels, all this physical stuff. Women tend to focus on the feet to be a benefit side of it. Sometimes with rookie women copywriters, you got this, you are immersed in a warm bath of emotion, of reading about this, but you can't tell what the product is. You don't have you don't have any idea what the physical dimensions of the product are. And with men, they won't tell you any of the benefits. So you know, watching the the.

The Trump show The Apprentice with I think right now it's still the men against the women, and they had to do so do you watch the show?

Perry, I'm sorry, I had somebody gave me a piece of paper. Can you what's the show? I'm sorry, the Trump show The Apprentice. Oh, yeah. Well, I watched the first season. Okay, it was fascinating.

Yeah, this season is men against women. I think that their name is Martha Stewart, anyway. The point is, they had to do some advertising things and stuff, and they approached in totally different ways. They had to sell a Maserati, I think it was, and the men just went totally feature what, you know, the car, look at it, and it was great. And the women went totally benefit, how it felt, how it did everything, and they and the women just crushed the men. I mean, it was just, it was just ridiculous. But if the women you know, kind of went a little overboard on the, on the, on the emotional aspect side, I thought, but again, you have to understand who's going to buy when you're approaching women, women, boy, this is like a whole call, really, but if you're a guy trying to sell the women, you better get hip to how women think, and you better start hanging out with them. And I don't mean just your wife. I mean you better start talking to some and finding out what's going on. My first recommendation, I actually made this to a client who's going to a woman's market who was kind of clueless about selling to women, go and buy every single woman's magazine out there and subscribe to it, cosmopolitan red book. All of them start reading this stuff. And very shortly, I mean, read the articles. Read everything. Read the ads too, but read the articles especially, you will find that the blurb on the front cover of especially cosmopolitan, you know, 10 Ways to drive him wild and dead when you get to the story, often, there will be nothing about sex in this thing. A guy will just scratch his head and say, What the heck was that all about? Won't even understand. I was just watching the Today Show, or Good Morning America. I never watched sex. I'm never up. But for some reason, for another reason that I won't discuss now, I was up this morning taking care of business with one of the dogs, and I happen to be watching Good Morning America, just for the heck of it. And this, this show is like 80% aimed at winning. And for me, the balloons that they had to make you keep coming back after each commercial break were pretty good. I mean, they're, they're, they're a hook. And I kept thinking, Oh, I gotta say, I gotta see what the heck is going to go on? But the stories didn't satisfy me at any level, and that's because they were going after women. And what, you know, this is no secret. It was, there was there was a big There's a book out now about the battle between Good Morning America and today. I think one Katie courage and the other is, I don't, it doesn't matter, but there's this ratings battle going on. And in this book, one of the interesting things that I came up with was the job of the weather men. I think one is Al Roker, and the other guy is and the producers of the show say they're not. They're not even they're not. This is no secret. His job is not to tell you what the weather is. His job is to be the likable goof next door who talks to you about the weather and what a great day it's going to be. So the detail, you know, the the actual degree temperature, the, you know, how much chance of rain, things like that are much less important than the fact that he goes, Oh, you're going to want your slickers today, because you're going to run, there's going to be a little damp, you know? And it's that kind of talking that's much more important than a simple recitation of these facts of the matter. The emotional content of the delivery is everything.

So women want to be reassured that the weather is going to be okay, and guys want to know what the weather is actually going to be. So this is why, every time my wife complains to me about something, and I give her this logical problem solving thing, she always gets mad at me. That kind of the idea,

you know also, you know, what's the classic thing that women about women bringing up something, they come home and they complain about a co worker, you know, or something that happened, and a man's natural thing is to try to fix it. And it's not that he's doing it with her, and he does it with himself and with everybody. It's like, oh, well, you know what you should do. She will. They now know, after years of Oprah and and cosmopolitan, put up their hand and say, No, I don't want you to fix it. I want you to listen. Yeah, all they want to do is be listened to now. So a lot of product good, a good infomercial to watch is the Victoria principal didn't care. Commercials on TV. Have you seen those go back out? I think Dan had something to

do with Yeah, I know that, right, huh? Yeah, Dan definitely had some role in those.

Yeah, we'll get back again. I She was off the line. I just noticed that she was back on it. I think she even has whole segments on one of these shopping channels. You. Watch that. Watch what they do. A lot of the show was the same as the Richard Simmons diet show, you know, which was not about the details of dieting and with Victoria principle, it's not about the details of the scientific stuff. It's about the results. It's about women bursting into tears because after all these years of feeling they were the only one that had splotchy skin that suddenly is all these sisters in arms come out, and they have a solution, and they feel so much better about themselves and all this stuff. And it's very gooey. It goes on for hours. Watch the home shopping network. You know, one of the things that kind of creeps me out about it, I've met several guys who were top producers over in Europe and here in the state, the guys that they just go on it for an hour. They sell something. They sell everything they had. But they take, you know, the regular people on TV and stuff the shopping channel will take call as their fishes are selling jewelry. That's like, Hi. It's mod from Tennessee, you know. And it just, there's no reason for that. It's not earth, you know, it's sort of a testimony, but it's not. And what I bring away from it is like, Why are these people buying so much jewelry? What's going on here? And what's going on is it has nothing to do with the jewelry they're never going to get a chance to wear most of this stuff. And what's going on is this kind of bonding thing that's happening. They want to, you know, they're lonely. They They want somebody to listen to them. They want somebody to talk to they want some things going on. One of the biggest breakdowns in society. And as a good marketer, you are part of the culture. Our culture is very fragmented. One of the biggest breakdowns has been the breakdown of small communities of people, being able to people even know their neighbors, let alone a lot of people in town. I mean, it's it's an interesting fact. I went from a small college, small community college, for two years to a very large university to finish my education, and I went from having classes of five to 15 people to my first class at UC Davis with 500 people. And the interesting thing I realized is that in a small school, I knew almost everybody. In the large school, I knew almost nobody, very, very small numbers. So as the culture starts to fragment into these larger and larger bunches of things, the intimate connection that we crave as human beings is breaking down and marketing, I mean, that's your in for a lot of things is again, getting back to that talking to the accountant you know, and sharing the passion that you're in is you can be part of that connective tissue that people crave so much that bonding process becomes easier when you realize that what you're doing is providing a missing part to their soul. I mean, to imagine a person laboring in a town where he's the only accountant in town, or the only, you know, civil engineer or whatever. He can't talk to anybody about this stuff, and here you come, and you're not only going to show him how to make his life better and do all this stuff better, but you're going to give him a chance to feel part of this, of this wider world. You know, you're going to give him entry into, you know, you're an insider, you're, you're the go to guy in the industry, and he's actually going to get to know what's going on and know, you know, be able to expand his pleasure in doing this and indulge in it a lot more. And it's very, very important. It's a sociological aspect of mine. Well, I think, I

think that is a big, big, big reason why niche marketing is so important now. Because, like, I always like to joke that, you know, this is a day and age where, literally, you don't talk to your next door neighbor for three months, but you email your old buddy from who lives in South Africa twice a week, and and, and the world has reorganized around all these little interests. And so I can, like, I don't even like going to parties, because all these like, I can't even explain to them what I do. What do you do? Well, I'm a consultant. Like, well, the people, yeah, right, right, right, and, and. So yeah, you're, you're creating communities that didn't exist before. They're just completely different kind of community now. So yeah, you're totally, you're totally on the money. Hey, there's one question I wanted to mention, because actually have a resource for it. Is Graham English says, Who? He's got this really interesting course on How To Get Perfect pitch, actually. But he says, Do you have any good copies, examples of great copy in the music industry. And I just want to mention that tele seminar we did last year, which is a Perry marshall.com/copy writing. If he goes and opts in for that, I've got some kind of guitar letter you wrote which he can look at. Is there any. Thing you want to say about that in particular that people would think it was interesting or illustrative,

no, but he's doing perfect pitch. There's been a guy doing a double truck ad on perfect pitch for years. I don't know if this is the same guy in the music match. He's been in every issue of guitar player, I think, for 15 years or something. Now, really, it's all about having perfect pitch. And it's a long copy ad, you know, it's interesting. Over the years, he went from being kind of Basie to having more and more graphics, and I think he started to drop copy. And he may not it may have burned out. He may not be in there anymore, but he just hit a, you know, it's something that a lot of musicians are very, very excited about and need to learn, and don't learn from anybody else. And, you know, I don't like I said, I haven't, I haven't looked at these bags in a long time, but, you know, he's got some competition out there, but that's good. You know, when you go into somewhere, you see somebody's been dominating the market for many, many years. It's not a time to get nervous and say, I can't go in there, unless, unless you look at what they're doing, you say, I can't compete. But there's almost always a part of the niche, of the niche that was the music niche, and then the people who want perfect pitch within that, there's a niche to that, people who are buying this other guy's perfect pitch product that isn't being met. Probably because the guy, one of the first things you can do with that I do when I go to a client who's dominating a market is I say, Have you knocked yourself off yet? And they'll generally say, Well, what do you mean? And I'll say, Well, if you don't, someone else will, and they'll come up with a cheaper product, a, you know, a less fancy product, or whatever. So if you've got a product worth $1,000 and it comes in a fancy box and it's got all this great stuff, knock yourself off and create another business that offers a 199 version dollar your product, because a lot of lot of people that can't afford or don't want to pay $1,000 still want what you have. And if you don't do it, somebody else is going to do it right and and, you know, but the other way to look at it is just be hit. If you're going to a certain market and you've been dominated for a while, you're probably pretty lazy about it, you know, a lot of Mark about it. You know, a lot of marketers I know are dominated markets. They're not interested in the back end. They're not interested in expanding the number of people they can bring in because they're making more money they can count right now. So there's, like, little niches in there. Maybe you're not going to make as much money as the guy who's dominating the market, but you can come in and you can be easier, you can be faster. You can have more personality. You can be cheaper. Did I say that all these things that he's not doing can create a niche for you in a market that he's already softened up for you?

That is absolutely true as a matter of fact, I think one of the things that I teach all this Google AdWords stuff, but one of the things that I'm not sure it's really in my book, but I talk about in advanced stuff, is if you type any keyword, like if you typed in perfect pitch on Google and you looked at all the different ads, you know, you really, you really, if you're going To be in that market, you should ask yourself, Okay, just even looking at the Google ads, what are the different things that are being said? If I can see 10 different ads here, every one of them says something different. So what's not being said? And there's always something that's not being said that people, Jim Edwards and I did this little exercise where we figured out that people wanted a potty training book for Chihuahuas. If you typed in chihuahuas or Chihuahua training or anything like that, there was nothing about potty training, but when we started testing it, we found out a lot of people were very interested in that, and you just you couldn't. You would never know, unless you talked to people who owned Chihuahuas and listened to and complain about stuff. And nobody selling Chihuahua stuff had ever tapped into that. So it was a fresh new market. It was very interesting. Okay, I got a couple more questions here. We're definitely winding down.

I've tried to lose my voice. I've got a few more questions.

Yep, so I'm gonna Okay, somebody asked about using a sales letter generator software program. Do you have any opinion about that? What is it? Again? Her name is Nicola can cross and she there's a software program called sales letter generator, where it's kind of a fill in the blanks, kind of a thing, and software writes a sale. But do you have an opinion about tools like that? Yeah.

I mean, it's kind of like, let me think of the most humiliating example I can think of that would shame this person before even trying something like that. I. Um, it's kind of like trying to break things down to a common denominator that really doesn't exist. I mean, you can use sales letters as templates, but when you fit stuff in, I don't know. I guess. I guess maybe it's possible. You know, somebody came up with a novel generator too, where you plug in a few things, and they'll write the novel for you. And, you know, come on, it's just, it's just, you're always, there's no such thing as pure machine generated stuff. It's always going to come from somebody's mind. So somebody's putting in the basic stuff that's going to, you know, make up the bulk of what the sales pitch is. So what you're doing, basically, with a sales generator is you're taking some existing sales pitch and then slamming your stuff into it. Once you know that, you can take, you know that you did a swipe file together and start looking at multiple things you I mean, that's easy enough to do. You say a headline, okay, this guy's got three benefits in the headline. He's appealing to the person need to do something, or make more money or be younger, do something, whatever it is your product does, or have more fun. And so, okay, so then I'll make a headline like that, and then, oh, it looks like in the opening paragraph, He's appealing to the guy's sense of, you know, whatever. And I'll appeal to that too, and do that. I'll copy some of this stuff, and that's that's how you generally use a swipe file. So far as you generate that I don't know. I've never heard of anybody writing one from a generator that works. If anybody has information on that, let me know. But you know, the sales pitch is a conversation between two people. It's you and the person reading. It's not you and your market. It's not you and everybody on your list, it's you and the one person you. And just having a face to face conversation with one person, you're just multiplying that conversation out to everybody on the list. So that's it. I mean, it's just, you know, you can have a dress yourself in the morning. You know, kind of generator thing where you plug in, you say, I'm going to work today, and it'll say, Okay, here's how you got to dress. Use this tie that and, yeah, maybe it'd be right with stuff. But it's like, once you know how to dress yourself, I mean, you don't need that.

Okay, good answer. Glen Livingston asks, and I'm not totally sure I understand the question, but we'll try to flesh it out. He says, how you might transform copy to remove social euphemism instead emphasizes the law of the jungle. I think what he means is, how do you get away from saying really cliche, ordinary kinds of stuff, and and get, get, get to the actual jugular of the person you're writing to, like, in like, like, maybe an example is like, everybody in the world who's trying to sell software to a business is gonna, like, start babbling some tripe about we're here to maximize your ROI or something. Okay, so how do you break out of this? You know, think and talk like everybody else and say something original.

Well, first of all, forget about saying something original. The word original should never come into advertising anyway, no matter what short said about it. What he meant was, don't be boring if you're talking about being original as opposed to being boring, that's fine if you're talking about being original, just for the sake of being original, forget that what you want to do is have a conversation with the guy. What these other people are doing in all the other ads that are out there in most markets is they're having the conversation they want to have, and it's not even really a conversation. They're like, you know, they're they're just kind of laying some stuff out there, if you can, you know, you need to bond. You need to just sit down with a guy who's raised his hand and said, I'm a little bit interested in this. What do you got to say? And then you got to be able to talk to them for a while to make the sale. If what you're if you're doing lead generation, it's a little easier, because you're just asking them not to send you money. You're asking them just to sign up for something if you're asking for money, though, you know it's the same as sitting down face to face and telling the guy blah blah, take out your checkbook and write a check to me right now. Think about what that takes. And you got to you got to have credibility. You've got to believe what you're saying. You've got to tickle his sweet spot with enough outrageousness where he's willing to overcome his natural reluctance to write a check to somebody he didn't know five minutes before all of these things come into play. So as far as coming up with the original thing. It will come naturally to you when you understand your market, what the market wants, and how to bond and how to have that conversation with one guy in the market, sell him, and just multiply that times the rest of the market. So understanding who you're selling to and why they would buy if they did buy, or understanding why people. Buy, why they don't buy, and then constructing your sales pitch so that you counter all the all the objections to not buying, and keep focusing on why they should buy, then you're off to the ranges.

Okay, got a question from my CEO, Jordan. He says he's got a short, nine day deadline. He says, What advice can you give regarding the research process for a project, organizing the ideas, benefits, features, to brainstorm, a good hook,

I happen to know but sale, his inner salesman is wide awake. I've critiqued several of his letters, and he makes some mistakes, but we all make. He doesn't make any mistakes that even veteran writers don't make. Basically, he's got to back up. He should know by now how long it's going to take him to actually write the letter. And for me, I can't write for much more than two or three hours, and at most, I'm going to produce two to four pages of copy that's at both probably closer to two and sometimes not even two, and that's just getting the basic letter down. So if I know if I'm going to write an eight page letter, it's going to take me four days or so. Now I can knock out letters a lot faster. In fact, for some markets like the golf market where I'm writing my 1,000th and 13th letter, I can just sit down and bang it out in two hours, I get an eight page letter out or something. But that's rare. That's because I know that market so well, because I've written so much, that was the new market. You may need more time. You may need eight days to write the letter. So, you know, you haven't got that that much time to get the research done. So you got to you've got to know where you can shortcut. You know, if you feel you're pressed for time, basically what you want to do is sit down to have a long talk with the best guys you can find who you believe can uncover the major motivations or the major benefits or the major things that are going to trigger a sale. So talk to the guy who's made the product. Talk to salesmen in the street who actually deal with people. Talk to people talk to people who deal with complaints on the phone. Talk with whoever you can spend a day just gathering information, getting all this stuff done, reading stuff critically, not just, not just plowing through it. You have to give yourself permission to stop reading a brochure or something. If it's bullshit, for example, just say no, that ain't gonna work and toss that. Get some stuff. Start circling stuff, making some notes. Get your benefits down your list of benefits from the list of benefits, you're going to be able to craft your USP, which is uniquely positioning yourself at the market and the prospects mind for a sale. Once you have that your top three benefits are probably, you know, list them in order. Your top three are probably gonna go in the headline or somewhere up top. You're going to keep, you know, keep hammering on those things. You're going to have some broad benefits. You can have some specific benefits. You're going to try to deal with all these things. Then, yeah, write the bullets down. Because often, writing the bullet, writing the benefits, help you craft the USP, writing the bullets help you craft the way you're going to construct the sales pitch. Because you're going to, because what you're going to talk about is ways to get to understanding how these bullets are going to solve your dilemma or help your life, or do whatever he's doing in your business. And then you got to get all riled up and sit down and write just kind of vomit forth on the page. Get it out there. Aim for an eight page letter or four page or whatever. I generally don't find that after years and years of writing that I need at least eight pages to have a complete sales pitch. Often for like 12, can't go up to 20. I don't like to go much over 12, though, but that's because I think of the sales conversation I've got to have. And you know, you can go overboard, you can go underboard. You try to find that perfect place, and it's around eight to 12 pages of written copy, unless it's a real simple thing. If I'm selling nails, I don't need much more than two or four pages. So anyway, once you once you understand what you're going to do and the kind of way you're going to approach this, then sit down and just have that conversation with the guy armed with what you know. That's like, Hey, I'm Bob. If you're interested in doing X, I have a way for you to do it half the time, getting twice the benefits. And blah, blah, blah, whatever the top three or five things are. And then here's, here's what this is all about. Tell them what this is about. I make my living helping people just like you do this, this thing. You may not have heard of me because I'm only used by the top people in a consulate, however, right now. And then give them a reason why you're talking to them. Now give them a reason why this offer is here. Now give them a reason why this is a limited offer. Start applying urgency and start covering all the points of a basic sales pitch, and then get that out. Just get it out as fast as you can, and then go back and edit. I would spend, I would plan for spending, like, four days editing, you know, just going back and trying to get cold on the pitch and start, you know, I would even if I only had two days or one day of editing. I mean, I that would be the most important day go. Back and make sure I've covered all the points. Read it as cold as I can. As a reader would not as a writer would, and say, okay, you know, okay, I'm bored here. I need to cross this out. Or this is off of the tangent. Get rid of the tangent. Or, all right, you know, I need to make this point again. Or make you think stronger. Start to do stuff. That's the best way to do it. Okay, that's very good. I'm gonna give you burned out, Perry. I'm sort of lose my voice here.

Well, one wrap up. We got one last question, then we're done. And this is an easy one, but it's important. This is actually Lori Morgan Ferrero. She wants to know what's what's a day and, and I know that you're John. You're like as disciplined as a drill sergeant and so. So we all want to know what's a day in the life of John, and how do you manage your copywriting time?

I've been struggling over the years to be able to do what a lot of the writers that I admire, such as Gary Benson Vinca do, which is get up early, sit down and write and just have two hours of writing or three hours of writing before they do anything else. They're not answering email, they probably eat, have a cup of coffee and then go, get right to it. If they're working home or they go to the office. I like to work at home, so I'm often working at my pajamas. I haven't been able to do that, and I it's probably just a matter of discipline. I could if I had to. I classically. I'm a night owl, and I've done my best work at night, even in college. I didn't crack a book before 11 o'clock at night. I wouldn't study all night, but I'd study through until two or three in the morning crash. It just, it's the way my metabolism work. So that means that I'm spending I'm not getting a lot of stuff done during the day. Well, I have also found that deadlines have have a way of forcing you, especially as a professional, to work just under the conditions you have. So I do wake up in the morning. Sometimes my deadline is at noon, and I know I have some stuff to do. I'll get up as early as six o'clock and start writing and work on this stuff. I think, God, if I could just do this regularly, especially in the summer, I could get up and work a couple hours and have the rest of the day to myself. And it makes a lot of sense. It's just something that I, you know, have rarely been able to get into a routine. I do have my routines, though. I Right now I have an assistant that comes in for a couple of hours every day. You know there's, there's a I don't have an incoming phone line, so I don't have to take calls, but I'm dealing with a lot of emails. I'm dealing with issues, and because I deal with international stuff, I'm dealing with people on all kinds of different timelines. So at two o'clock in the afternoon, my time is the end of the day back east, you know? So I've got to keep that in mind, and I've got a lot of paperwork stuff to do, so a lot of it's really boring. A perfect day that I would like to have is to get up at a decent hour. To me, a decent hour is like nine, and being a night owl, if I'm up till three or four in the morning, then that's not very reasonable. But I'd like to get up and before I do anything else, sit down and get a couple of hours of writing and good, solid writing, undistracted phone off the hook, door closed, everybody in the house respecting my time, get that done, and then I could relax and start to take care of another couple of hours of like housekeeping, you know, paying bills, taking care of vendors, working on the website, answering emails, taking care of all this other stuff, and kind of, I haven't really ever worked well within an eight hour day or 10 hour day or anything like that. It's just, I like to take off a lot of time. I'm working a lot more than I did at the height of my freelance career, which I was only working about 10 or 20 hours a week, and I was able to take off three to six months a year. And when I took on this teaching gig, I knew I was going to have to give that up, and I was just ready to do that because I like it. Because I like, I say, I like teaching, I enjoy what I'm doing, but I now am committed monthly to a newsletter. I'm committed to doing critiques. I've committed to speaking at seminars. You know,

sometimes months three hour conference calls,

conference calls like this. So, I mean, that's fine. I mean, I gave myself a year to do this. I'm on year four. I'm still having fun. I occasionally fall off the horse and take on too much, and I got to dig myself out of a hole and do things. But I've been through this for I've been a professional freelance copywriter working out of my house for 25 years. I know pretty much how things work, so I don't resent the fact that I've got a deadline tomorrow and I kind of screwed around all day, and it's six o'clock in the evening and I've got to sit down and do some writing. So I don't get to watch watch Monday Night Football, have a beer and go to bed. I got to stay, you know, kind of focused and get right. Let me go in and write, write, you know, for a couple hours tonight. You know, do something like that. I don't resent that, but if I could be more disciplined, I would. And as I get older, I might get more disciplined. And since one of my goals is to write fiction, which is totally different, I've got a couple of novel, actually, three novels sitting there, just a few final touches before I ship them off. You know, if I could get up and do my my business side in a couple hours, get some other stuff done. That's the beauty of working for yourself. You are in charge of your routine. That's the beauty. That's also the danger, because when a guy like me is in charge of my routine, it's a mess. I don't have, you know, but I could really work it out. And I could have a couple hours, right, getting business stuff done, then a couple hours of writing on the novel, couple hours taking your business, and I've done it still. It's still, you know, it's still early afternoon, and I got the rest of the day to do whatever I planned. And by God, you need Miller time, especially when you're in heavy, intensive businesses, like, like, like, We Are you and I need our Miller time, and whatever that Miller time is for us, it could be going down to the to the watering hole and getting roaring drunk and going and howling at the moon, or it could be going bowling, or it could be just going shopping for something, or it could be watching TV, although that's a bad one, but it's whatever recharges your soul and refuels you. You eat that otherwise you're going to burn out. One of the things I talk about, mostly with rookie writers who go out as freelancers, is to avoid burnout, and the way to do that is to keep your interest tight and not start squeezing those adrenaline glands inside your head so often and so hard and so urgently because you're always behind and overwhelmed that you start to hate life. If you're waking up in the morning you're not eager to get after it, then you're you're on the road to burnout, you know, just no matter what you're doing, you got to love it and and I know that's kind of silly. People talk about follow your bliss and stuff. Hey, you could be getting up and going and managing a string of restaurants, you know, and maybe you hate restaurants. Now maybe you should start thinking about getting out of it. But there are ways, even when you're in a situation like that, where there are ways to make it fun, there are ways to start thinking. One of the ways to make it fun again is to have an exit strategy if you want to get out, so that you have a light at the end of the tunnel. And now, everything you're doing today, especially those two hours before you go into work, where you're going to have to do something maybe you don't especially want to do, but for those two hours you're going to spend it planning for what, for doing something that you do want to do, maybe starting that new business, that new info business, getting that website up, seeing what's going on. So always have something in it to feed your soul, stay connected. That's why I still play music. Over the weekend, I just jammed with a guy, you know, we're talking about putting together a little old guy band, you know, all the, all the semi famous musicians here in Northern Nevada who are over, you know, over 45 years old. There's a lot of them. And just, you know, just get together and playing with them all right, some places doing it be fun, and there'd be no stress. And it's not like we want to go on tour or get a record contract. We just want to play someone. And, you know, I It's, that's kind of thing where I sit down with a friend and we sit down and play. Four hours goes by in a blank, you know, that's when, you know you're having fun. We look at the white guys four o'clock in the afternoon. We started in, I can't believe we just, you know, shot four hours. It was so much fun. That's right on, right on.

Well, hey, I'll let you go. That was excellent. And again, we're going to send out recordings to everybody. I really appreciate it. John, this was great. There was a few questions that I think deserve to get answered, that some of them were really for me, not for you or whatever. And I'll get out some answers those. But this is excellent, and I really appreciate your time today.

Barry, as always, it's pleasure talking with you. Always glad to help, and I hope this helps people got stuff out of this that they know what my blog is.

John dash, Carlton calm, right, right. Well, go to it. There's, yeah, there's a great blog. I bet a lot of them don't know.

So Okay, John dash, dash, you need the dash, or otherwise, you're going to wind up at a woodworkers site from Boston. John dash, Carlton calm, and I haven't posted in a few days, but I generally post about twice a week or so and get it on there. And I thought the archives are very worthwhile to go through, and I always welcome comments. So anyway, it was, it was great, Greg. I'm going to hang out because I think I got about five more words left in my voice on my throat. Closes up.

Hey, thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you for the opportunity. Thank you. Soon, bye, bye, bye.




