# Recipes-For-Diabetics 1981-2001 (4 Stars) Breakthrough Ad and Product

**Source File:** Recipes-For-Diabetics 1981-2001 (4 Stars) Breakthrough Ad and Product.pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1675481398.0

---

PDF GENERATED BY PROQUEST.COM Page 2 of 4

# Recipes for Diabetics


# ""';.··.,


## ~-· ......


## -~~~-


# R

ECIPES FOR DIABETICS is a complete, all-purpose
cookbook that means an end to monotonous meals for
diabetics and their families. This new, revised edition fea
tures even more of the practical, elegant and mouth-water
ing dishes that made the first edition so popular. RECIPES
FOR DIABETICS can meet all your cooking and dining needs
from easy family favorites like Chile Con Carne to gourmet
treats like Cheese and Crab Oriental Style or Chocolate
Chiffon Cake with Rum. You will also find delicious ap
petizers, soups, sqlads, breads, cookies, cakes, and drinks
for every occasion-over 335 different recipes in all. ·

# Not Just For Diabetics

But this is not just a cookbook for diabetics. RECIPES FOR DIABETICS will help you
plan meals that are low in calories, fat and cholesterol, yet contain plenty of fruits and
vegetables. If you want to lose weight, if you want to maintain optimum weight, or if
you just want a good sensible diet-here is a book well-suited to your needs. So eat
healthy, and dine in style with the entire family. Order RECIPES FOR DIABETICS today!

# Easy to Use


# I

The American Diabetics Association's updated Exchange Lists
Daily menu guides, tips on recipes for microwaving, tips on dining out
Exchange group breakdowns, measured individual serving calorie counts
Guides for using nutrition labeling to compute exchanges
Diabetic exchanges for brand-name products
---- ----&&Publishers Choice®-------
GUARANTEE: If you are dissatisfied with your purchase in any way, you may return it for a prompt
and full refund. All orders are processed promptly and notification will be sent in case of delay.
Shipment is guaranteed within 60 days.
T

# Order•

Send your name, address, zip code and check or money
I

# 0 •

order for $7.95 plus $1.90 postage and handling to: Pub
lishers Choice, Box 4174, Dept. AW01-MA, Huntington Station, NY 11746. NY, NJ, IL,
lA and Ml residents add appropriate sales tax.
General Offices: 37 lith Ave., Huntington Station, NY 11746. c 1988 NSI.
