# 626163db98ea4332b28103c3a22a156c

**Source File:** 626163db98ea4332b28103c3a22a156c.pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1440177638.0

---

# Movies


# Women's stories


# on page and screen


# C APTURING A LIFE is a daunting

task for any writer..Yet writer-
filmmaker Rebecca Miller reveals a
trio of complex women in her new
movie, Personal Velocity, inspired by
her 2001 short-story collection of the
same name, now in
paperback. We re-
cently spoke to Miller,
the daughter of re-
nowned playwright
Arthur Miller, wife of
actor Daniel Day-Lewis
and mom of two:
Your father's work is
required reading in a lot of
schools. How has he most
influenced you?
I'd have to say his humor.
He sees the humor in most things, prob-
ably more than it shows in his work.
You'd certainly never know it from reading
Death of a Salesman or The Crucible] Your
work is pretty dark, too.
There's a part of me in each of these
women.
So, does life imitate art?
Greta [the character played by Parker
Posey] realizes if something is yours, if
you let it go, it will come back to you.
With her, it was her ambition. I realized
that when I wrote this book.
How did your ambition come back to you?
I wanted to make films, but they weren't
happening. I [needed] to tell stories, so I
wrote this book. And through the book,
I was able to make this movie.
Do female directors see female characters
differently from the way men do?
People have said about Kyra Sedgwick
and the others [in my movie], "Wow,
that's the best acting job they've done."
But maybe it's the best role they've
had, with the most power and emotion.
When do you find the time, with a baby
and a toddler, to write?
In the morning. I'm a morning person.
Where do you do it?
In the attic, which is quiet. I can't work
with my baby on my lap. It's too dis-
tracting! The baby's gurgling and mov-
ing and wants to play. That's one time
that's not for work ca — Frappa stout
USA WEEKEND -Nov. 22-24,2002 21
Advertisement

# "HOW TO MAKE YOUR


# COMPUTER AS EASY


# TO USE AS YOUR


# TELEPHONE..."

By Webmaster Raymond Steinbacher, and the
research staff at Green Tree Press, Inc.
A re you frustrated by your computer? Is it about as
/\ "user-unfriendly" as it can be?
.LA. Well, here's great news!
Green Tree Press — with the assistance of Webmaster
Raymond Steinbacher — has developed a unique new
computer- training course designed specifically for
beginners!
Whether you're a complete novice or a person with
limited computer experience, this is the course you've
been waiting for!
Here's why...
Sf It begins with the assumption that you know nothing
about computers. None of the terminology. Nothing.
8f Every lesson ... every step ... is explained in plain
English. There's no confusing computer jargon.
No technical language.
gf Every step is sequential. You simply can't make a
mistake because every step is self-correcting.
1^ It's easy! And it's fun! You'll be amazed at how quickly
you're learning.
You'll receive your printed course on large 8 1/2" x 11"
pages with a sturdy Bristol cover. So it's exceptionally
easy to read.
And, everything is fully illustrated with drawings and
photographs. So you not only read — you actually see —
each step.
It comes to you complete. Ready to use. And we're
so confident you'll complete the program successfully, we
unconditionally guarantee your results or your money back!
It will take you about 2 - 3 hours — start to finish.

## 'How come it's so easy for Grannie?'

ou'll learn how to navigate through Windows™ just like
. a pro... master basic desktop publishing.
• You'll be able to recognize all the various parts of
your computer... and how each part functions.
• You'll understand the "world wide web" ... "the
internet". You'll learn how to go anywhere in the world!
Instantly!
• You'll discover how to acquire new software absolutely
FREE.
• You'll discover how to bypass busy signals and get
onto the Internet in a matter of seconds,
• You'll learn a secret way to stop receiving junk E-mail.
• You'll learn how to create and send messages to
people around the world — even if you don't type!
• You'll learn to do financial planning, develop a work-
able budget... even do payroll and employment records.
• You'll discover how to acquire and install the best
antivirus program in the world — FREE!
• You'll learn how to send clear, colorful family photos
around the world — FREE!
• You'll learn how to FULLY protect your computer from
lightning and power surges (ordinary power strips don't do
the job)!
• You'll learn a secret way to get FREE stereo FM and AM
stations from around the world and have them play on your
sound system — while you're on line!
• You'll discover how to get FREE internet service.
• You'll be able to create files... short cuts... address books -
even create your own posters and greeting cards!
• You'll be able to talk to anyone in the world — FREE — for
up to 15 minutes (no long distance charges.)
• You'll discover how you can save hundreds of dollars by
using your computer as a fax machine.
• And much, much more ...
Here are some comments from a few of our customers:
"... the course is GREAT!! Why can't those computer
companies make their instructions one tenth as good as
your course?"
Sgt. Frank Gorchak, New Mexico
"... a lot better than those 'dummies' books and a
whale of a lot easier to understand, too. I learned the
entire Windows segment in just 38 minutes."
George Roddy, New York
"... I'm a homemaker and grandma. I purchased your
program out of self defense because the grandkids know
all about computers. Now I'm on the internet playing
trivia games with several other ladies in Scotland!! ...
you made it so easy."
Margaret Hunter, Ohio
You're welcome to try the course in your own home.
If you're not absolutely delighted with the results you achieve,
simply return it at any time, for a full refund. No conditions.
No questions asked. That is our 100% guarantee.
To order, simply print your name and address on a piece
of paper and enclose your check or money order for $12.95 (plus
$3.98 shipping/handling). If you wish, we can enclose a second
copy for a friend for an additional charge of only $9.95. Send
your order to Green Tree Press Computer Course, Dept. 977,
3603 West 12th Street, Erie, PA 16505. (PAresidents please add
6% sales tax.) Or, charge it to Visa, MasterCard or Discover.
Please enclose your account number and expiration date.
