# b1ef1f5bbb4f445d98b8c5d6c45c512a

**Source File:** b1ef1f5bbb4f445d98b8c5d6c45c512a.pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1440177728.0

---

Advertisement

# HOW TO MAKE YOUR


# COMPUTER AS EASY TO USE


# AS YOUR TELEPHONE..."

By Webmaster Raymond Steinbacher, and the research staff at Green Tree Press, Inc.

# A

re you frustrated by your computer? Is it about as
user-unfriendly" as it can be?
Well, here's great news!
Green Tree Press - with the assistance of Webmaster
Raymond Steinbacher - has developed a unique new computer-
training course designed specifically for beginners!
Whether you're a complete novice or a person with limited
computer experience, this is the course you've been waiting for!
Here's why...
Ij] It begins with the assumption that you know nothing
about computers. None of the terminology. Nothing.
2J| Every lesson ... every step ... is explained in plain English.
There's no confusing computer jargon. No technical language.
17} Every step is sequential. You simply can't make a mistake
because every step is self-correcting.
1^ It's easy! And it's fun! You'll be amazed at how quickly
you're learning.
You'll receive your printed course on large 8 1/2" x 11" pages
with a sturdy Bristol cover. So it's exceptionally easy to read.
And, everything is fully illustrated with drawings and photo-
graphs. So you not only read —you actually see — each step.
It comes to you complete. Ready to use. And we're so
confident you'll complete the program successfully, we uncondi-
tionally guarantee your results or your money back!
It will take you about 2 - 3 hours — start to finish.

# Y

ou'll learn how to navigate through Windows 95™,
Vindows 98™ and Windows Me™ just like a pro ... master
iasic desktop publishing.
• You'll be able to recognize all the various parts of your
computer ... and how each part functions.
• You'll understand the "world wide web" ... "the internet."
You'll learn how to go anywhere in the world! Instantly!
• You'll discover how to acquire new software absolutely
FREE.
• You'll discover how to bypass busy signals and get onto
the Internet in a matter of seconds.
• You'll learn a secret way to stop receiving junk E-mail.
» You'll learn how to create and send messages to people
around the world — even if you don't type!
• You'll learn to do financial planning, develop a workable
budget... even do payroll and employment records.
• You'll discover how to acquire and install the best antivirus
program in the world — FREE!
• You'll learn how to send clear, colorful family photos
around the world — FREE!
» You'll learn how to FULLY protect your computer from
lightning and power surges (ordinary power strips don't do
the job)!
"How come it's so easy for Grannie?"
• You'll learn a secret way to get FREE stereo FM and AM
stations from around the world and have them play on your
sound system — while you're on line!
• You'll discover how to get FREE internet service.
• You'll be able to create files ... short cuts ... address books -
even create your own posters and greeting cards!
• You'll be able to talk to anyone in the world — FREE — for
up to 15 minutes (no long distance charges).
• You'll discover how you can save hundreds of dollars by
using your computer as a fax machine.
• And much, much more ...
Here are some comments from a few of our customers ...
",„ the course is GREAT!! Why can't those computer compa-
nies make their instructions one tenth as good as your course?"
Sgt. Frank Gorchak, New Mexico
"... a lot better than those 'dummies' books and a whale of a
lot easier to understand, too, I learned the entire Windows
segment in just 38 minutes."
George Roddy, New York
"... I'm a bomemaker and grandma, I purchased your program
out of self defense because the grandkids know all about
computers, Now I'm on the internet playing trivia games with
several other ladies in Scotland!!,,, you made it so easy."
Margaret Hunter, Ohio
You're welcome to try the course in your own home. If you're
not absolutely delighted with the results you achieve, simply
return it at any time, for a full refund. No conditions. No questions
asked. That is our 100% guarantee.
To order, simply print your name and address on a piece
of paper and enclose your check or money order for $12.95 (plus
$3.98 shipping/handling). If you wish, we can enclose a second copy
for a friend for an additional charge of only $9.95. Send your order
to Green Tree Press Computer Course, Dept. 779, 3603 West 12th
Street, Erie, PA 16505. (PA residents please add 6% sales tax.)
Or, charge it to Visa, MasterCard or Discover. Please enclose your
account number and expiration date. © 2001 G.T.P.
