# Loves Wrinkle Cream Hates Puffy Circled Eyes

**Source File:** Loves Wrinkle Cream Hates Puffy Circled Eyes.pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1580759414.0

---

## XT A TTAM/II^ADT TA

11X11 M. vyi 1/ TI IVUl^
AP photo
Astronaut Carlos Noriega works with cables on the international space station Tuesday in this
picture from television.

# Physicians want


# morning-after pill


# sold over counter


# Astronauts


# attach wings’


# power cables

CAPE CANAVERAL. Fla.
(AP) — Two spacewalking as­
tronauts ventured outside
Tuesday for the second time
this week and completed elec­
trical hookups for the interna­
tional space station’s new pow­
er-producing solar wings.
They also provided flight
controllers with up-close pic­
tures of the right wing, which
is too slack.
Perched 90 feet above space
shuttle Endeavour, Carlos No­
riega used small TV cameras
mounted on his helmet to
beam down pictures of loose
tension cables on the right
wing. The cables came off their
pulleys when the wing was
extended Sunday night, leaving
the blanket of solar cells slack.
The problem could cause the
fabric to tear or the wing to
bend or break during shuttle
dockings or other extreme mo­
tions.
“We can put it back on that
one pulley,” spacewalker Joe
Tanner called down. “But the
other one is going to be a little
work.”
Mission Control agreed that
Noriega and Tanner could
deliberately slow release, and
was perfectly taut.
The helmet cameras —
dubbed “Carlos-cam” and “Joe-
probably Fix the cables during
their third and final spacewalk
on Thursday.
The left wing stretched out
fine Monday night, during a
cam" — are a new spacewalk­
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Step­ over the counter.
ping into a morally charged
The morning-after pill is es­
debate Tuesday, the American
sentially a high-dose birth con­
Medical Association called on trol pill. It is different from the
the Food and Drug Administra­
RU-486 abortion pill, which acts
tion to consider making the
by causing contractions to ex­
“morning-after” pill available
pel an embryo from the uterus.
over the counter.
RU-486 can be given up to
The AMA’s policy-making seven weeks after the start of
House of Delegates approved the last menstrual period.
the resolution without discus­ There are two morning-after
sion during a convention in pills on the market: Preven and
Orlando. The AMA has 293,000 Plan B. They were approved
doctors as members. for U.S. use within the past two
“This is a wonderful decision years.
by the AMA. This is a terrific For the FOA to make them
resolution,” said Joan Coombs, available over the counter, a
senior vice president of pharmaceutical company
Planned Parenthood. She said would have, to submit an appli­
widespread use of the morning- cation. The FDA would take
after pill could prevent 1.7 mil­ into account such things as the
lion unplanned pregnancies drug’s written instructions and
and 800,000 abortions annually. its safety history.
Taken within three days of The maker of Preven, Gyne-
Canadian astronaut Marc Until Tuesday’s spacewalk,
sexual intercourse, the pre­ tics of Somerville, N.J., has not
Gameau, directing the space­ the electricity generated by the
scription morning-after pill pre­ yet applied to the FOA for
walk from inside Endeavour, solar wings was not flowing
vents ovulation or, if that has over-the-counter sales, said
sounded like a Film director as into space station Alpha. Norie­
already occurred, blocks im­ chief operating officer Jack Sto­
he told Noriega which way to ga and Tanner hooked up pow­
plantation of a fertilized egg in
ing feature that came in handy
point his head.
er cables between the solar
the uterus. AMA members sug­
during Tuesday’s evaluation of “Look downward a bit. OK, wings and the station, while gested that some women might
the slack wing. Tanner’s hel­ now hold that for a bit and let station commander Bill Shep­ not be able to get the pill in
met cameras, however, stopped the ground have a look,” Car­ herd and his Russian crew time to prevent a pregnancy
working. neau instructed. attached cables on the inside. unless they are made available
ver. The manufacturer of Plan
B, Women’s Capital Corp. of
Bellevue, Wash., is working on
its application to the FDA,
company founder Sharon Camp
said.

# Study indicates back belts


# don’t prevent lifting injuries


# IRS PROBLEMS?

VETERAN EX-IRS AGENTS & TAX PROFESSIONALS
Nei’er Meet with the IRS - Settle for Pennies on the Dollar - Guaranteed Results
Free Tax Settlement Analysis:
Confidential Interview in Our Local Office

## 800-925-9609

Free “Insider" Report:
"How to End IRS Problems Forever!"

## 888-807-7464

24 I lour Recorded Message
www.jkharris.com
...the (Nation's) most successful Uix-retolution company.'' - The Wall Street Journal

## JK Harris & Company

- Cedar Rapids (Over 300 Offices Nationwide)
ADVERTISEMENT

# Loves Wrinkle Cream


# Hates Puffy, Circled Eyes!


## DEAR PATTY: I’m a “Baby

Boomer”, divorced, wasn’t dating.
I began seeing facial wrinkles,
crow’s feet. Then I read your
column about that pharmacist’s
EB5 Facial Cream. I bought a jar
and love it! But what do you
suggest about these dark circles
around my eyes?
- Needful, St. Louis, MO

## DEAR NEEDFUL: Yes, EB5 is

amazing! And like many of my
other readers who use EBS daily,
you've seen how your skin looks
younger and healthier. Pharmacist
Heldfond invented EBS to be
5 creams in one jar.,.Wrinkle
Cream ...Throat Cream ...Firming
Cream.. .24-hour Moisturizer.. and
Make-up Base...all in one!
Women, and men, of all ages have
written to tell me they have had
wonderful results with EBS.
And, to you and millions of my
area. Pharmacist Heldfond also
discovered his EBS Eye Gel
Formula which my readers are
raving about and tell me how
wonderfully it reduces puffiness,
dark circles while firming
and leaving eyes brighter and
younger-looking.
So, I urge all of my readers to go
into JCPenney and buy a jar of
readers who worry about the
unsightly appearance of their eye
EB5 Facial Cream and EB5 Eye
Gel Formula. They are sold with a
complete guarantee of satisfaction.
You can’t go wrong.
NOTE TO MY READERS: To
hear about these and other
EBS discoveries, phone toll-
free 1-800-929-8325 or visit
online at www.eb5.com
CHICAGO (AP) — Just in
time for all those workers han­
dling heavy holiday packages,
new research suggests that
back belts widely used in in­
dustry to prevent lifting inju­
ries don't work.
The Findings, based on inter­
views and worker-compensa-
tion claims, stem from a study
of more than 9,000 employees
at Wal-Mart stores in 30 states.
“Back belt use is not associ­
ated with reduced incidence of
back injury claims or low back
pain in material handlers,” the
researchers wrote in today’s
Journal of the American Medi­
eval Association.
The study was done by the
National Institute for Occupa­
tional Safety and Health.
An increasing number of em­
ployers use back belts to try to
prevent back injuries, which
are one of the nation’s most
common occupational disor­
ders, costing the nation an
estimated $20 billion to $50
billion a year, according to
NIOSH. The researchers noted
that about 4 million back belts
were purchased in 1995 alone
to try to prevent back injuries.
The snug belts are purported
to help strengthen muscles that
support the spine, though little

## The snug belts are


## purported to help


## strengthen muscles that


## support the spine,


## though little research


## has been done on them.

research has been done on
them.
A study published in 1996 on
back belt use at Home Depot
stores in California suggested
that the belts reduced the inci­
dence of back injuries.
But NIOSH statistician Doug­
las Landsittel, a co-author of
the JAMA study, said the pre­
vious study focused only on
California stores.
There is no companywide
policy on belt use at Wal-Mart,
the nation’s largest retailer.
Some stores require belts for
certain employees involved in
heavy lifting, such as. those in
shipping and receiving, said
Wal-Mart spokesman Tom Wil­
liams.
Williams said the company
collaborated with NIOSH after
many employees questioned
whether the belts did any good.
Shop U S Cellular* on the Internet at www.uscellular com w
Otter requires a new activation with an 18month service agreement Monthly packages minutes available while in U S Cellular home rate area only. 2.000 bonus minutes available on digital rate plans $36 and higher Bonus
minutes are a one time otter and expire on 12/31/01. Promotional phone is Nokia 6100 and is sublet to change based on availability Bonus minutes, penny phone otter and free activation not available on SpanAmenca* plans
900 minutes a month Includes 300 anytime minutes and 600 nights and weekend minutes Night and weekend minutes are defined as M f, 7:01 pm - 6 59 am and all day Saturday and Sunday Roaming charges, taxes, tolls and
fees not included Other restrictions may apply See store for details Limited time otter

## First incoming minute free • Nationwide long distance included


## • 14-state preferred calling area


# US. Cellular

The tray people lath annuul here.

# Share your m inutes with


# ShareTalk Plus™ and get


# 2 phones fo r 2<.


# • Share


# 900


# minutes/mo.


# for


# 55/mo.

(300 anytime and 600 night and weekend)

# • Share 2,000 anytime bonus minutes


# • Get free activation ($50 value)

Algona 317 Call St.
Anamosa Wal-Mart, 101 Chamber Dr
Burlington 327 N Roosevelt
Burlington Wal-Mart, 324 Agency St,
Cedar Falls College Sq Mall, 6301 University Ave
Cedar Rapids 300 Collins Rd
Cedar Rapids Cypress Plaza, 4358 16th Ave SW
Cedar Rapids Wal Mart, 2645 Blairslerry Rd NE
Cedar Rapids Wal Mart, 3601 29th Ave. SW
Cedar Rapids Westdale Mall, 2600 Edgewood Rd SW
Centerville Wal Mart, HOI N 18th St.
Clinton 2814 Lincoln Way, Clinton Towne Center, Ste. F
Clinton Wal Mart, 2715 S. 25th St.
Coralville 2411 2nd St., Ste. 2
Davenport 3010 E. 53rd St
Davenport 4550 N Brady St.
Decorah Wal Mart, 915 Short St.
Dubuque 806 Wacker Drive, Ste 124
Fairfield Wal Mart, 1800 W Burlington Ave
Independence 111 20th Ave SW
Independence Wal Mart, 111 2nd Ave. SW
Iowa City 159 Hwy. I W
Iowa Falls 614 S Oak
Keokuk Wal Mart, 3476 Main St
Kewanne Wal Mart, 730 Tenney
Manchester Wal Mart, 1220 W Mail St.
Maquoketa 101 N Main
Marshalltown Marshalltown Ctr, 2500 S Center St.
Marshalltown Wal Mart, 2803 S. Center
Mason City Wal Mart, 2560 4th St W
Mason City Willowbrook Mall, 1631 4th St. SW
Moline 3919 41st Ave
Muscatine Wal-Mart, 3003 N Hwy 61
Newton 2617 1st Ave E , Ste 3
Ottumwa K-Mart Plaza, 1111 Quincy Ave., Ste 105
Ottumwa Wal-Mart, 1110 N. Quincy Ave
Pella 832 Main St.
Tipton 507 Cedar St
Waterloo Crossroads Center, Ste 161
Waverly Village Square Shopping Ctr., 1222 4th St.
Visit one of our participating agents or to order
by phone call 1-888-BUY-USCC _______

## Extended holiday hours through New Year's Eve.


## A
