# out(414)

**Source File:** out(414).pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1470956672.0

---

New York Times ; Apr 18, 1982; pg. BR27

## ffJnformative and highly useful. •. an excellent reference source


## for the layman, for the patient, and even for the medical profession at large:'


# -DR. DENTON A. COOLEY


# If you're concerned about heart surgery,


# this book will give you the facts.

"Having gone through a heart attack and the bypass operation,
I can wen identify with many of the points which Gloria Hochman
worked out in her book. As I read certain passages, I found myself
reliving those indecisive times that I had when trying to decide .
(1) who was I to believe, and (2) what do I do next. Ms. Hoch:man
certainly has a good grasp on what the decision-making process
is all about."-ARTHUR ASHE
"Gloria Hoch:man's book is an educational experience. She bas
done an objective, detailed survey on the choices available to
heart patients. I recommend it to the general public and health
professionals:'-NATHAN PRITIKIN
FACT: Between four and five million
Americans have coronary artery disease.
Many of them don't know it-yet.
FACT: 1.5 million people will have a
heart attack this year-approximately
550,000 of these will prove immediately
fatal. ·
FACT: Each year more than 120,000
people have a relatively new operation
called coronary bypass surgery. And
more than twice that number of. candi
dates for the operation weigh all the
options and decide against
whose case histories are realistic and
often reassuring.
surgery.
Heart Bypass includes
every bit of information a patient must
have before evaluating physicians' rec
ommendations and making his own
critical decision.
"The book encompasses much
more than the bypass operation
it contains a wealth of clinical
information, very nicely put
together for the lay reader."
-ISADORE ROSENFELD, M.D.,
author of Second Opinion
Gloria Hochman covers-
ethe different symptoms of angina
pectoris-do you really have it?
•risk factors-Including tests that
"predict" future heart disease, even
In children
•the latest facts on cholesterol-and
other blood lipids you may not have
No other book on heart health has ever
included so much clear detail-expla
nations of every surgical step; reasons
for every diagnostic test; summaries
of every major study.
heard about
ethe profile of bypass surgery candi
dates-will surgery prolong your
life?
•Which tests your doctor will pre
scribe for you-the facts about
ECG's, nuclear studies, exercise
stress tests, catheterlzatlon, thallium
scans, and others-lncludlng the
newly-developed "~uantltatlve coro
nary arteriography'
•the specific heart condition for which
doctors agree that bypass surgery
Isa must
esurglcal risks for older patients
•the operation-what to expect and
how you can Improve your own odds
ethe non-surgical approach to angina
-studies that compare effectiveness
of medical vs. surgical treatment
FACT: Virtually all reports from major
medical centers where several thousand
bypass operations have been performed
reveal that more than 90% of bypass
patients have significant or complete
relief from angina symptoms. Yet recent
studies show that new medications may
be more effective than surgery in the
long run.
e life after surgery-how to change
diet, exercise and stress patterns
•specific case histories of patients
varying widely In age, symptoms and
lifestyle and much more. No book
"11Je
boo.t: you read this year may be as lmpor-
con1a1. et/co~ "'llCl:J tant to your own health, or the health
FACT: Coronary bypass surgery Is still
controversial. Many alternative treat
ments and preventative medicines are
equally controversial. One thing Is
absolutely certain: what you don't
know can hurt you.
./ilr t/J 1JS q
11 ~/h qj dt . . more 11ia,, the
L..
of someone you love.
~·/qi· '1!¥ltler ·· lllca/ "{/i>"'lallo ~if.lass o/Jelntt . Send for your
"· ''el)• "ice(J· t o11-11 copy now;
1S<J4ore Hi /JU
1
0Kelher money back
fOllt/.Jor. .Useefeld. Ato If not
-... r.,..._~ ' Second Opin/~n) completely ,
satisfied.
PRAISED BY
PHYSICIANS AND LAYMEN:
"Heart Bypass is more than a superbly
researched investigation of the pros and
cons of bypass surgery. It Is a complete
guide to the options open to anyone with
heart disease. If a book such as this
existed for every Illness, the patient as
consumer would be well-equipped ...
to participate fully In the decisions on
which his or her life depend:'
-PEGGY ANDERSON, author of Nurse
"As a lay person, I found It written with
fine clarity and reflection. I am sure it
will be very valuable."
-MARTHA WEINMAN LEAR, author of
Heartsounds
"Heart Bypass does, Indeed, tell every
heart patlent what they must (or should)
know, particularly If they arc considering
a bypass operation. It is medically accu
rate, up to date, and so clearly written
that a lay person can easily understand it.
It answers all the questions patients often
want to ask, but thal doctors will rarely
find the time to answer. I recommend It to
anyone with an Interest In heart disease,
which should Include almost everyone."
-WILLIAM A. NOLEN, M.D., author of
Tbe Making al a Surgeon and Surgeon
Under the Knife
"I think It ls Ideal for lay people, espe
cially those having trouble with arterlo·
sclerosis, and will be a great asset to the
general fund of Information regarding this
national problem:·
-GERALD M. LEMOLE, M.O .. Chief,
Department of Surgery, Deborah Heart &
Lung Institute
"I think 11 ls a great book •.. very carefully
thought out and very well explained to the
general publlc."-DONALD W. MILLER,
M.O., Private Practice, Northwest Cardiac
Surgery Associates
Gloria Hochman, one of the nation's most
res~cted, award-winning medical jour
nalists, has woven together the facts Selected by Prevention Book Club
that everyone concerned with coronary Available at your bookstore or direct from:
health-and especially those considering
bypass surgery-must have. In clear,
non-technical language, she covers the
causes and symptoms of heart disease;
the traditional and innovative new tests
used to diagnose your condition; the com
plete bypass pr<?cedure; and the ~any.
medical alternatives to surgery-including
such controversial techniques as the Prili
kin program, chelation therapy and a wide
array of new drugs.

# ---------..,

Ploaso return tho coupon to: .
Gloria Hochman has interviewed Amer
ica's top cardiologists and cardiac sur
geons-and dozens of heart patients

# J

i;
ST. MARTIN'S PRESS

# I

175 Fifth Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10010
AM:M

# I

Please send me __c opy(les) of Heart Bypass Cu $15.25
delivered My check or m.o. Is enclosed In the amount of

# 1

$ ___ . I may examine ii for thirty days and, II not 100%
satisfied, I can return ii for a complele refund.
Address.------------------

# I


# I

City State Zip

# ::...I


## --~-------
