# Relacore Belly Bulge

**Source File:** Relacore Belly Bulge.pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1580759414.0

---

Advertisement

# LOSING WEIGHT BUT STILL HAVE


# B E L L Y BULGE?

Getting rid of stubborn belly fat takes more than diet and exercise ... Popular "feel-good" pill may be solution.

# Y

ou diet ... you exercise ... you're
popping the latest diet pill...
and... you're even losing
weight. But take a look in the
mirror. .. you still have that unsightly
belly bulge. Twenty pounds lighter
and you still look. .. fat! How in the
world can that be possible?
'' Excess tummy flab
may not be your fault:
That's the startling
conclusion reached by
scientists who
discovered the likely
cause of stubborn
belly fat. "
Over the past five years, the most
popular "Belly Fat" pill has been
Relacore® (from the Carter-Reed
Company™). Relacore has sold more
than 12.7 million bottles worldwide
and is affectionately called "America's
#1 Selling 'Belly Fat' Pill." Relacore
has a great track record ... and it
wouldn't be America's #1 selling
"Belly Fat" pill five years running if
people didn't love it.
Let's face it, you not only want to
lose weight, you want to look good ...
and looking good means a thinner
waist and flatter tummy.
So if you're ready to go on a diet, or
if you're already losing weight and
As it turns out, the same diet . ---£Take The Excess Belly Fat Test!
th~t's helping you lose. weight

## V !.::

Doyoutendtoretainbellyfatevenwhenyouloseweighl?
0
might actually be causmg you
8 Does dieting make you stressed out and anxious?
having a hard time getting rid
of your stubborn belly bulge,
try this exceptional tummy
flattening, weight-control
"adjunct," Relacore.
to retain figure-destroying
Are you accumulating belly fat that just won't go away?
belly fat. That's because dieting
Do you overeat in
response
to daily stress?
is stressful. You worry about .._,
Doyousuffer"mid-aftemoontatigue"whendieting?
what to eat... when to eat... '"'
Do you have difficulty falling asleep at night when dieting?
how much to eat. All that
lfyouanswered"Yesntooneormorequestions,
your extra ly fat might be due to Mdiet stress:-
worry leads to "diet stress:'
And, as we all know by now,
even ordinary, everyday. stress can
increase that nasty little stress
17

## ''1''12{"''"1/'j

hormone, corti
sol, and cortisol
increases belly
fat. That's why
you can go on a
diet, lose weight,
but still look
thick around the
So what are we to do? Millions of
women are turning to weight-control
adjuncts or "add-ons." These so-called
adjuncts are not really diet pills in
the true sense of the word. Instead,
they help traditional diet and exercise
programs reduce tummy bulge by
controlling the cortisol increase
generated by diet-related stress and
anxiety. .. the same stress and anxiety
that can lead
middle.
to stubborn belly fat
retention (not to mention that all-time
diet killer: "Nervous Binge Eating").

# ,


# REMEMBER

Your satisfaction is 100% guaranteed. If, for any reason, you are not totally satisfied
• with the power of Relacore, simply return the empty container within 30 days for a full,
prompt, no-questions-asked refund! C200BMRlghtsResel'Wd BR12001

## As they say in all


## the ads ... "It's easy. ..


## you'll love it?'

Rellcore•1diecaryS141Piemen&-Al1 h:lemlr'uar1the~alU.respec11¥eownen: Thesemtementsl'll\ltnotbeen8'Wlklltedbytl'leFood8RIDrugMnarlllr1bon 11-productisnotintlnded.,Ngrue. 1Jul.ct.R.orprevent1RYd9eall lndMdUllremtsW1U'1111Y.UlellconiuictmwChll'Jsel'!Slblrdiel:R

# --
