# SAFE SOOTHING 24-HOUR RELIEF FROM STIFF ACHING JOINTS

**Source File:** SAFE SOOTHING 24-HOUR RELIEF FROM STIFF ACHING JOINTS.pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1580759414.0

---

PLEASE SEND ME PLEASE SEND ME

# Remarkable heat-generating pads help bring you


# SAFE, SOOTHING,


# 24-HOUR RELIEF FROM


# STIFF, ACHING JOINTS!


## • Works to ease pain 24 hours a day!


## • Can be worn under clothing without


## telltale bulges.


## • No drugs, no ointments, no bulky heating


## pads that "chain" you to an electrical


## outlet.


# I f you suffer the nagging aches, pains and discomforts that result from

stiff joints and strained muscles, you've probably already tried many
different types of remedies. Yet each of them probably has a distinct
disadvantage that bothers you. For example, pills and drugs could
pose a potential danger with repeated use. Creams, ointments .and rubs can
he smelly, messy-apt to stain clothing and bed linens. Heating pads are
generally effective but can be used only for limited periods-and they tie
you down to an electrical outlet.
£.1\.1"- llVl'Y, R" J.Q."'-' '-A.&111:"&~ _, R ..... Vlll.1"&"'"'"111;;".L,7 ""/~, '-"U&l.11.l&~"°-.;;;i&,7 f.-U. .. ..-1-
al way to combat aches and pains centered in stiff joint
areas. And, amazing as it may seem, this wonderful new
method has none of the disadvantages we've mentioned.
Now, joint sufferers can find blissful, long-lasting relief •••
with remarkable new JOINT-EASE. These specially de
signed, triple-layer, foam-and-fabric pads take full advantage
of an astounding, scientific, sauna-like prin9iple, enabling
them to conserve, contain and concentrate your own safe, na
tural body heat right where you need it most ••• around stiff,
painful joint areas-at the knee, elbow or ankle.
To repeat-this is concentrated on-the-spot relief obtained by
providing maximum contact with areas of pain. Shortly after
you start wearing Joint-Ease, you should actually feel a less
ening of aches and discomfort. The heat generated by Joint
Ease should begin to soothe the distressed elbow, ankle or
knee -significantly relieving much of the strain, stiffness
and misery.
Unlike other aids you may have tried, Joint-Ease Pads are
safe and comfortable to use 24 hours a day. All through the
night, they can help you sleep peacefully once again. All
through the day, they can help you go about your normal ac
tivities once again. Wear them under clothing ••. there are
.n o telltale bulges to embarass you.
Want proof of everything we've stated? Then try Joint-Ease
Pads under our ironclad, no-nonsense guarantee-without
risking a penny! Remember-the only thing you have to lose
is pain ..• so mail the risk-free coupon today for sure!
Only $2.99 each ..• two for iust $3.99.
(JAY/,
I

## l

1J,.z,.I4-.CORP.
25 w.:::!~. ~~v. ~~~~'AC.ISi
Serving Salistied Cuslomers tor over 25 Years
New Joint-Ease is specifically
designed to relieve aching
knees, elbows, ankles, -in
an absolutely safe, natural
way.

# l )\JA 90-DAY MONEY BACK GUARANTEE

Use Joint-Ease for 90 days. You must be absolutely
""· delighted with it-or return for prompt refund of
purchase price.
.....
~€ii
it t{t t t t
Jay Norris Corp., 25 W. Merrick Rd.,
Dept.
ACJs1 ,
Freeport, N.Y. 11521
O Please rush me one Joint-Ease Pad at purchase
price of $2.99 plus 70¢ shipping and handling.
O SA VE! Order TWO for only $3.99 purchase price
plus 85¢ shipping and handling.
0 SAV E MUCH MORE! Order FOUR for only $6.99
purchase price plus $1.00 shipping and handling•
Enclosed is O check or O money order for $ ............ .
Sorry, no C.O.D.'s-( N.Y. residents add sales tax.)
Please print:
NAME
ADDRESS
CITY
STATE ZIP

## I


## I


## I


## I


## I


## J


## I


## I


## I


## I


## I


## I


## I

Canadian Residents please send orders to: JAY NORRIS CAN LTD.
P.O. Box 1000, Dept. ACJSI Montreal North, Quebec H1H 5M9
August 15, 1976
'-------©Jay Norris Corp., 1976-------;_j
