# Stop-Mask-Breath-TheraBreath

**Source File:** Stop-Mask-Breath-TheraBreath.pdf
**Conversion Method:** Text Extraction
**Converted:** 1675478108.0

---

# STOP MASK BREATH


# Bad breath can get REALLY BAD when wearing a mask.


# Mask odor is caused by bad breath


# germs in your mouth.


# TheraBreath Oral Rinse is Dentist


# formulated to attack those germs and


# keep fighting them all day and all night.


# Nothing works faster and lasts longer to


# prevent bad breath than TheraBreath


# Oral Rinse.


# Use twice a day to keep your breath,


# and your mask, smelling great.


# Stay safe, America.

RETAILER: We will reimburse you the face value of this coupon plus 8¢ handling
provided you and the consumer have complied with the terms of this offer. Invoices
proving purchases of sufficient stock to cover presented coupons must be shown on
request. Any other application may constitute fraud. Coupon void where prohibited,
taxed or restricted. Consumer must pay any sales tax. Cash value 1/20¢. Reproduction
of this coupon is expressly prohibited. Mail to Dr. Harold Katz LLC, CMS Dept #97029,
One Fawcett Drive, Del Rio, TX 78840. Limit one coupon per item purchased.

# ANY THERABREATH ITEM

MANUFACTURER’S COUPON: EXP 04/30/2021

# SAVE $1.00

COUPONS VALID IN STORES ONLY - NOT VALID ONLINE
FRESH BREATH • DRY MOUTH • ANTI-CAVITY • HEALTHY GUMS • HEALTHY SMILE
* 24 Hours of Fresh Breath protection when used as directed twice a day. COUPONS VALID IN STORES ONLY - NOT VALID ONLINE
© PARADE Publications 2021. All rights reserved.


PDF GENERATED BY PROQUEST.COM Page 2 of 4

# Doctor ''cures''


# bad breath!

For years, the cause of chronic bad breath has been misdiagnosed,
but a dentist's research has led to TheraBreath'; a dramatic
treatment system that works naturally and effectively. The wide
range of products offered in the TheraBreath'"System not only cure
bad breath, they prevent you from getting it in the first place.
by /ttsotl Willinms
Harold Katz, DDS.
'America's Bod Breath
Expert'f ounder and
Clinical Director,
California Breath Clinics.
UClA School of
ll9!!tis!ry, 1975.
UClA, Bachelor of A!ts,
Bacteriology, 1971.

# I

tIs estimated that
over 80 million people
worldwide suffer from
bad breath, or halitosis.
In the past, treatment has
consisted of masking the
odor with mouthwashes or
mints, flooding the mouth
with alcohol-based rinses,
or the latest craze, popping
capsules that claim to cure
the problem in the stomach
(an unfortunate myth). one
of these treatments work,
because scientific research
has finally proven that hali
tosis is caused by anaerobic ulfur-producing
bacteria, breeding within the back of the
tongue, the throat, and in the tonsils, if pres
ent. The way to stop bad breath is to stop this
process, and this is the secret behind the revo
lutionary Thera Breath System.
You're the last to know.
compounds (VSC) can cause fragile, bleeding
gums, which then lead to periodontal (gum)
disease. This then allows toxins to enter the
blood stream. According to European studies,
people who suffer with these problems, can
have a higher incidence of heart attacks,
strokes, and for pregnant women, a sharp
increase in premature births. What's needed
is a quick and effective treahnent that works
naturally without any side effects.
A scientific solution. As a dentist with a degree
in bacteriology, Dr. Harold Katz has been
keenly aware of the widespread nature of
this problem. It was not until his daughter
came to him about her bad breath symptoms,
however, that he began to research the prob
lem in eamest. His studies led him to an
amazing discovery about the source of bad
breath: it does not originate in the digestive
system, but just below the tongue's surface
and often in the throat/tonsil area.
It's not just food odors. Of course, certain food
can contribute to the

## HOW IT WORKS

Because of the way production of sui-
our brain works, it's We all have natural bacteria that live on the furous gases in the
almost impo ible back of the tongue and aid in digestion. back of the mouth.
to smell your own Under certain conditions, these bacteria will This would include
breath. You may notice break down proteins and transform them into garlic and onions,
a bitter, sour ta te in sulfides, which create odor and bad taste. which naturally con-
your mouth or a tain sulfur compounds
whitish coating on the called Mercaptans.
back of your tongue, Many common med-
but you generally find ications for everything
out there's a problem from high blood pres-
when a family member, sure to post nasal drip
friend or co-worker to depression have the
brings it to your atten- same drying effect.
tion. Using gum or Mucous from post-
mints, which conta in nasal-drip contains
sugar, actually energize dense proteins that are
the sulfur-producing full of sulfur. Because
bacteria that create the the bacteria involved
problem in the first in bad breath are
place. At that point, anaerobes (oxygen-
you need an effective, Oxyd-VIIITM (A Proprietary Oxygenating hating), the only
long-lasting and easy- Formula), the active ingredient in TheraBreath, effective means of
to-u e method of transforms these odor-causing sulfides to eliminating the sulfur
eliminating the sulfates, which have no taste or odor. gas production is to
problem. Without '------------------' introduce oxygen to
proper treatment, chronic bad breath can lead the bacteria, causing them to produce taste-
to Joss of confidence and self-esteem, and it less, odorless sulfates. As opposed to all other
can even result in depression. oral formulas, Oxyd-8, the active ingredient in
Sulfur Compounds lead to Gum Disease. From a TI1eraBreath destroys all types of oral odors,
medical/dental point of view, recent research whether bacterially produced or those that
shows that an increase in these volatile sulfur originate from onions & garlic!

## Don't take

our word
for it!
I have been using your
gel +rinses foro couple of
weeks now and they ore
working VERY well! What
a blessing!-TOM F.
It works! It really works!! I've had a problem oil of my life
and I'm cured. Ig uess this new taste In my mouth (the
taste of nothingness} is what/ should hove been tasling
all along. THANK YOU!!-L.T.R.
Results not typical
Effective, safe and natural. At his Califomia
Breath Clinics, Dr. Katz has perfected a
straightforward program for treating all types
of bad breath. By using his products on a
regular basis, chronic halitosi sufferers can
regain their lost confidence. Thera Breath con
tains a hint of natural essential oils of mint.
And, its oxygenating power creates pleasant,
neutral breath. It contains no SLS compounds,
so you will not suffer from an increase in
canker sores or any other side effects.
Try II risk·free. The Thera Breath System is an
effective, safe and easy-to-use solution to a
troubling problem, but don't just take our
word for it. Try this product for yourself
with our risk-free home trial. If you are not
fully satisfied, just return it within 30 days
for a full refund.
TheraBreath'" ........ $39.95 $7.95 S&H
Now available i11 btra Stre11gtlt Formula,
A~k your TeclmoScout represe11tative.
Please mention product code 13379·20315 .
For fastest service, call toll-free 24 hours a day

# 800-992-2966


# ldl

VISA

# fill


## :-~

To order by mail, se11d check or moiiL'Y order for lite total
amou11t i>tcludi11g S&H. Or charge it to your cll!dit card
by enc/osiug your accOJml uumber ami expiratioN date.
Virgi11in II!Sidellts 011ly- plense mid 4.5% sales tnx.
LATEST ..• GREATEST ... NEATEST ... COOL£ST

## You can see hundreds of high·tech products at

www.technoscout.com

# ECHNOSCOUT•

1998 Ruffin Mill Road

# 8


## c

lal Hel~hts, Va 23834
