---
title: "10 Step Order For Creating New Campaigns"
date: 2025-05-27
duration: 39m
duration_seconds: 2391
vimeo_id: 1088150223
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# 10 Step Order For Creating New Campaigns

**Date:** 2025-05-27 | **Duration:** 39m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Yeah. Alright. I'm curious. We're Gonna to see what, curious to see what your order is. Uh, okay.

Very cool. Well, I love it. And so what we're gonna talk about is we're gonna talk about kind of the, the, the 10 step order that I follow when, uh, when creating a new campaign. And I, I would say I almost want to kind of hedge this a little bit or give a little caveat. This isn't always like, this isn't a hundred percent of the time I follow this, this process.

So what you're gonna see is, you know, look, is this is the process that, uh, that I tend to follow much more often than I don't. This is the process that I tend to kind of work with clients through, um, like higher level clients and their copy teams, kind of this order, this flow a little bit. But sometimes what you'll see is, look, sometimes we come up with an incredible idea or hook or angle for a campaign, and then we build everything else based on that hook angle, you know, frame. Sometimes, you know, something will kind of, will, will come first. Uh, that traditionally wouldn't come first, you know, uh, it, it, so every now and then there is a unique situation.

But as a whole, this is kind of really, uh, where I go. And so what I will say is, let me do this. Let me share my screen, uh, and then let me share this. Okay. So, uh, the, the 10 step order that I follow when follow, when creating a new campaign.

So the, the thing that I wanna, I wanna preface this by saying that this is after, this is post research, post examination. So this is after I've done my, you know, my due diligence to understand the market, understand the audience, understand the gaps, understand all the things that we talk about with the E five method. What are their wants and desires, their emotions and feelings. What are their, their beliefs? Where are they at now?

Where do they wanna be? Um, kind of what are the things that they are experiencing now, uh, the good, the bad, the ugly? What are the things that they wanna be experiencing in terms of the good, the bad, the ugly, all of that. So this is after I've done my, um, after I've done my examination and research as well. What you're gonna see here is that this is also, um, separate and aside from crafting the offer.

So to me, when I'm, you know, talking about mar a marketing campaign, this may have been better said as, um, as crafting a marketing message, uh, because this is right after the examination. And this is assuming that you've got an idea for the offer that you wanna create. Okay? So you've got an idea, you've done your research, and you've got an idea for the offer that you wanna create. Now, what is the order that I go through, um, in terms of the, the these 10 steps?

So the first one is primary promise, and ultimately what I'm deciding here is what is the, what's the transformation that I'm promising these people? Like, this is the big, this is the big overarching thing that prospects care about, right? And what is, what is the thing that they ultimately, that they ultimately want? Like, this is the ultimate reason why they would buy, uh, or invest in anything, is because they want this outcome or result. And so I typically start with, well, what is that result that I wanna promise?

And I, I, I would say that this is fairly easy, uh, or simple, I should really say, because this really is driven for me by the depth of examination and research. The better the examination and research, the more this should be obvious to me of what does the market want, and the, the, the product that I have, what does it actually deliver? So in other words, we might see, you know, that there are a number of things that the market desperately wants, but there's only one that is directly linked to our product. So I'm starting with the outcome, the transformation, the re the, the result, the payoff. That's the thing that I'm nailing and getting crystal clear on.

Um, on first, at any point, adida, you wanna jump in and ask a question or pose a different perspective, please do. Um, so that's the first thing that I, that I typically, um, go over. Remember, this is also, right, what we're not talking about here is just a list of benefits, right? A list of benefits is ultimately gonna come out of the examination stage, right? The research stage of what are all of the benefits that prospects are, are looking for?

What are all the benefits that can be delivered by this particular product when we're talking about the pro, right? 'cause part of the research or part of the examination is right, we're looking at prospects, we're looking at, um, competitors, and then ultimately we're looking at the product, uh, to understand, um, the product. So over here, what we're talking about is that big overarching change, transformation result or outcome that is most compelling to the prospect. And we're looking for, um, excuse me. And I believe, if I remember correctly, I talked a little bit about this, I think last week when we were talking about concrete and measurable, this idea of right, specific, concrete, measurable, you know, big, bold, audacious, true and believable.

So, right? It's gotta be big, it's gotta be bold, it's gotta be audacious, it's gotta be true and believable. And we've gotta state it in a way that is specific, concrete and measurable. That's what we're talking about with a primary, uh, primary promise. The next thing that I, I, I kind of look for or develop, if you will, is the unique mechanism.

I then ask myself, well, how is, how are we actually going to fulfill on that primary promise? And what is different, unique, fresh, about the way that we're going to fulfill on that, on that primary promise? Um, and so here we're identifying the mechanism. Now, at this point, again, because we've done the examination and the research, right? We already know what, if any, are the mechanisms that competitors are using or claiming they have with their products.

And we've already examined the product. And part of examining the product is, um, is understanding what is the mechanism behind how the product works to, to deliver the results that it, um, it delivers. And so over here, I'm really deciding on fleshing out, developing, um, determining, and then documenting what is the unique mechanism, right? What is it? And so, um, and what is the name, if you will?

And so part of this stage, part of this process is that, um, is the whole process of, um, of, uh, what was I gonna say? I just lost, uh, I just lost the word. I'm drawing a blank, is the interrogation of the mechanism. So meaning an, an interrogation of the product really to uncover the mechanism. So part of the examination, you know, for me today is when we get to the product stage of the examination, it is doing an interrogation of the method, the process, the framework, the system, how it works, why it works, why these steps, why in this order, why not in this order, why not these steps, um, and so on to really understand the, um, the mechanism and what it is and, and how it works.

Um, and so then ultimately, I'm naming it. So now I, right at this point, right? I know the outcome, the, the, the transformation, the result that prospects want that we're going to claim and ultimately strive to prove that our thing can deliver. And I know the mechanism that is ultimately responsible for delivering that. Now, what I wanna do is the, the third step is, um, really making a decision on what is the statement of superiority.

So now that, right, again, I've done the examination, and so I understand what competitors are offering and what competitors, what the mechanisms are of different competitors. And I now know the mechanism of the product that I'm promoting and that, and that I'm offering. I've done an interrogation of it. And so now I can make a comparison and a contrast between our mechanism and all the other mechanisms out there, which will then allow me to determine what is the statement of superiority that I'm gonna, I'm gonna claim, or the aspect of superiority for the mechanism that I'm going to, um, that I'm gonna claim. Is it now based on what it is that I know about this mechanism and the way that it works and how it's set up and whatnot, uh, compared to all the other mechanisms out there, am I claiming that it's the fastest?

Am I claiming that it's the easiest? Am I claiming that it's the most effective? I, am I claiming that it's the, the safest or the most consistent? What is it that I am claiming, right? And so now I've got the primary promise, I've got the unique mechanism, I've got the aspect of superiority that I'm gonna claim for the unique mechanism.

And now step four is I go into, um, and I state, I take what it is that I just did the work that I just did in steps one through three, and now I lay out the marketing thesis, right? Because we know that the marketing thesis is made up of those three things. It is primary promise, unique mechanism, statement of superiority, or I should really say unique mechanism, statement of superiority and primary promise. That is the marketing thesis. Now, I have the marketing thesis, the one belief that I need prospects to believe before they go in, before we segue into the offer.

The one thing, the one thing that if they believe they will then be pre-sold on the offer before we even talk about the product or service, deliverables, price terms, guarantee bonuses, any of that stuff. In other words, this now is the one thing, right? That, that we ultimately are, are, are, uh, striving to have prospects believe by the end of the marketing portion of the marketing campaign. And before we segue into the, um, the offer now at this point, right? I have my north star, I know where this entire campaign, right from beginning to end the marketing portion before we go into the offer, what it is designed to achieve, ultimately where it's designed to lead the prospects.

So now basically what I have is I have the finish line, or I have the destination of the, um, of the campaign, right? So I have the, the, the, the destination, the finishing point, um, of the campaign with step four. So before I continue, before I go on to the next six, any questions so far, Adida? Well, no, it all makes sense. The only thing is that the step one and step two sometimes switch for me, depending, uh, who I work with.

And I, I, I, I happen to work with a lot of people in transformation, personal transformation industries. So they don't have the concepts of having a solution. They tend to say, uh, you know, it's different for everyone. Yeah, well, you know, look, even in the right, even in, in the look when they say, well, you know, it's different for everyone. Just as a side note, right?

It's different for everyone. I would say that, well, they have a process that they would use to identify the difference between everyone. And so, right? It's not like they just throw their hands up and say, well, it's different for everyone. And so there's nothing we can do.

There's, there, there are certain steps that they're gonna take to identify that. What I would say is that oftentimes what, what I really would say is that, look, number one, I would say that, so don't misunderstand the, their, their, them being the client in this case, uh, or the student, their lack of clarity, um, their lack of clarity, let's say on the primary promise and the unique mechanism, um, shouldn't be why those things change. In other words, how can I say this? In other words, the primary promise, they might not be clear on what the primary promise mm-hmm should be. But we need to get clear on what the primary promise should be based on what we understand and learn about the market, and ultimately, and then their, their product.

So my point is, sometimes they might bring a primary promise to the table and a unique mechanism to the table that need to be completely scrapped. It's, it's my, and even this happens for me, even with very high level clients, copy teams that are doing 50, 60 million a hundred, 120 plus million a year, that sometimes they'll, they, they say, this is what I think the primary promise is or should be, and this is the mechanism. And then when I dig into step one, and when I dig into step two, we identify no, that that isn't the primary promise or the right primary promise. Um, and that isn't the actual mechanism. This, you know, we need to identify the actual mechanism.

But the point is, is that right? The, what is what is between the two? The mechanism is more flexible than is the primary promise. Because the primary promise should really be based on two things. What does the market want on like desperately most, and what, or what the market wants desperately is what the product can fulfill?

Then that should be the primary promise, and we should build everything else around that. What we don't wanna do is we don't want to, ideally, we don't wanna build the mechanism first and then figure out the primary promise. We wanna, we ultimately really, in the scheme of things, we wanna figure out, identify the primary promise, and then figure out what mechanism we need to fulfill on that. And so, If that makes sense, and I, yeah, yeah, I guess I I'm talking about those messy, you know, the messy situations where it's not even clear, you know, the scope of their solution isn't even clear. So I guess we approximate with that first, and then, ah, okay, so you serve these people, oh, that's what you do for them.

Okay, that's a payoff. Okay, let's go Back. So, okay, so, so, great question. So, or great point. So I would say that there's no doubt that it could be very messy, where they're not clear on who they serve or what they do or whatnot.

But what I would say is that right before, like in, in some cases, adida, before we even got to step one, I would make sure that that's, that we get clear on that. So we, we, it may take us time to get to step one before we, before we get to step one, to make sure that they know, we know exactly what it is that we're talking about. So I'm not going on to, let's say, I'm not going on to statement of superiority. If we're not crystal clear on what the mechanism is, if we're not crystal clear on what they do, why they do it, how they do it, the order in which they do it, like, I will not just say, okay, let's roll, let's assume that that's the case, and then go on. Because what we can find is that, right, is the rest of these things, or at least the next couple, build on that information.

And so if we then do that and build on that information and then realize, well, we didn't really have clarity on it, we're gonna now have to go three steps back and start over and go through the process. So this is where, like, what is the primary problem? What is the, what is the outcome, right? That like, I want clarity, I want perfect clarity on that. Now, there is an instance, uh, on occasion where sometimes we get to the primary promise, right?

Get clarity on it, nail it, like I'll get them clarity on who the market is, the, the what the market wants, all of that. We'll determine the primary promise. This is what the market wants most. And then when we get to the mechanism, um, we realize, they realize, I realize, we realize together that their mechanism can't actually fulfill on that promise, right? Um, so then, right, we've got unique mechanism.

We've now got the unique mechanism fully fleshed out, identified, named. Now we have to determine what can we promise that is as close to what the market wants as possible that the unique mechanism can deliver on. And so this is all always, you know, and it, I know it goes without saying for, for you adida, but just for anybody that is gonna end up listening to these recordings, whether it's it's our team or anybody, you know, uh, um, in our tribe that, that, uh, pay us to get these recordings is like, this has to be based on reality, right? Accuracy, truth, uh, um, and clarity. You know, meaning like, right?

Like I, I need to know what are we promising, what is the mechanism to fulfill that? And I need to be clear on both of those and know that our mechanism can fulfill on that. And I understand how our mechanism can, can fulfill on that. And I have to be able to present a, a clear, concise, believable argument for how, and why our unique mechanism can fulfill on that. And so, before going on, like, we have to be clear, this is why, I'll, I'll tell you, you know, it was adida, it was, um, you know, Mark Ford, you know, mentor today, you know, uh, I'm grateful to call him a friend who really helped me to really understand that oftentimes, you know, um, convoluted writing or, you know, unclear fuzzy writing that kind of vacillates and, and, and whatnot, almost always comes from unclear thinking or cloudy thinking.

Same thing, right? Like usually, you know, people, the, the, the, the, the less clarity they have, the more they struggle writing the headline, or they end up with a headline that is kind of a little confusing, convoluted, you know, um, cloudy, it's not sharp, it's not concise. All that same thing applies to every, every step in this process that we need to have clarity on the, on the prior steps. Like, we need to be crystal clear and specific, um, on these things. And so, for me, primary promise, okay, outcome, result, transformation, main thing that they ultimately want, mechanism, unique mechanism.

How are we gonna fulfill on that? How does the product actually work to deliver that result? Boom, based on what I know about our mechanism and the other mechanisms that we're competing with, what is the aspect of superiority that we're going to claim Once I've got those three things, step 1, 2, 3, that I'm going to form that marketing thesis. So step four is a very simple thing. It's just combining those three into what we know is the, the proper format for the, uh, for the, the, the, the campaign thesis statement.

Then I'm gonna go on to step five, which is the thesis subie. And at this stage right now, what I'm doing is I'm looking at the campaign thesis, and now I'm looking at the, um, the, uh, ultimately the claims that I need to make with the, the, the sub beliefs that I need to establish in order to lead the prospect to the thesis. In other words, just like when you're writing an essay, just when you're creating an argument, there's always a thesis statement, right? And now there are beliefs that they need to have along the way in order to believe the thesis statement. You get prospects to believe the thesis statement by believe by believing or accepting other subie.

So now I just wanna determine, okay, so what are the subie that I need to, um, get the prospect to believe, right? And at this stage, I tend to write them in the form of a claim, right? Like, if they need to believe that this is easy, uh, something is easy, then I'm going to write, right? This is easy. If they need to believe that it can work in 24 hours, I'm gonna write this, this works in 24 hours.

If they need to believe that, right? They don't need any experience, um, to do this, then I'm going to write it as a claim, right? You don't need any experience to do this, uh, uh, to be successful with this, right? And so I'm going to determine what the sub beliefs are, and I'm gonna write them as claims, which really is how they end up getting, um, communicated. Even when we fully flesh out the, you know, the, the CPB chunks, what I'm gonna then do is once I've got what I believe are the, the sub beliefs, I'm gonna review 'em, make sure that those are the right sub beliefs, that we're not missing any, that there's none in there that we don't need, and then I'm going to put them in the right order, or what I believe at this point is the right order.

So I need to, I need to, uh, establish this belief first, this belief second, this belief third, this belief fourth. And then boom, they will accept the marketing thesis. So at this point, I am just listing the sub beliefs in the form of claims that they need. Boom. That's it.

At this state, at this step, once I've got, do you have, sorry, do you have a, how do you think in terms of ordering the claims? Yeah, so sometimes, so there's, there's really only one of two instances. So sometimes the, sometimes there are certain beliefs that need to come before other beliefs, um, in order for it to be logical, meaning like, um, you know, sometimes beliefs build on one another. Like if we said, um, let's say that, um, that, you know, Facebook ads are, you know, the most effective, let's say we were trying to convince people that they're the most effective way. Facebook ads are the most effective way for a pizzeria, you know, to get new people into their restaurant, right?

And let's say we, we felt like we needed to convince pizzeria owners that paid, you know, paid advertising, um, online is more effective for pizzerias than organic, you know, marketing, right? And then we wanted to say that, um, right? Like that, uh, you know, Facebook, uh, is the, is, you know, Facebook is the best platform, you know, for pizzeria's, you know, paid platform for p better than Google, better than the, than the others. Um, and then again, let's just say, and then our Facebook advertising method is the best way to use Facebook. Well, that's an order that, that has to go in order.

So we wouldn't start with our, you know, our, we, we wouldn't start with our Facebook advertising method is the best way to do paid advertising on Facebook, and then go to, you know, paid advertising is better than free. And then go to, let's say, um, you know, Facebook is better than Google. We would start with, paid is better than free. Facebook is better than all the rest. And our method of using Facebook is better is the best at, um, Facebook ads method.

In that case, those need to go in an order because they're building on each other. But sometimes there are claims, like, let's say, let's say, I'm gonna claim this is, you know, this is fast, this is, you know, um, easy and you don't need any experience. Well, those are not building on, on each other. Those can all stand alone. And so legitimately, it doesn't matter which one of those go first, go second and go third.

And so you can put it in any order. With that being said, what I would tend to do is I would put the first most power, what I believe based on the examination is the first most powerful, um, claim. Like, this is fast, you know, this produces fast results. Um, and then the weakest of, let's say, in this case, the three, this doesn't require any experience for you to do, would go second in the middle, and then the second most powerful would go last, right? And like, and this is super easy for, for you to do, but in the, in that case, I wouldn't argue, like, if they were in a different order, I wouldn't argue it.

Like I wouldn't, it wouldn't be an issue because they can be in any order, they're not building on each other. And so that's all I'm really just looking to see Subie, are there any that need to come before, um, others? Like, is there any kind of logical flow? Like if you ever looked at Adida, you know, there, there's some project management software or task management, like to-do list software where you can do, um, there is what they call, they call tasks or projects. Some tasks within a project are sequential, and some are, right, some are parallel, right?

And so, like, let's say writing the VSL copy, um, and setting up the webpage for where the VSL is gonna be, those, those things can be done in parallel. Those can be done at the same time, or one could be done before the other, it doesn't really matter. But when, then when you've got something like, right, like, um, you know, write the VSL script, um, and then, you know, create a first draft of the, the video sales letter, right? Well, that has to be done sequentially, right? And so one has to come first, the other one has to come second.

You can't do it out of, out of order, or there'll be nothing to do if, if you put the video, create the video sales letter first before the script is done, you, you, you can't do it. Same thing with beliefs. Some beliefs can be, you know, done simultaneously, meaning in any order, others are sequential. And so, does that make sense? Yeah.

So I guess the way I'm thinking is sort of like high level, higher level, uh, claims that encapsulate, you know, like high higher level picture claims, I guess first, like bigger concepts maybe? Yeah, I mean, you could, you know, sometimes it's hard to, you know, sometimes you could say that, you know, you're, you're like laying fr you know, framework, like for the argument that you're about to present. So sometimes, initially early on, you're maybe conceptual, you know, going from this, this concept and then getting more, you know, uh, more nitty gritty, more nuanced. And so like, right, you're not gonna, you're gonna lay the framework stuff, you know? Mm-hmm.

Um, like early, right? And rather than later, like right, you're gonna go from broad to specific, right? You're right. You're not gonna go from specific to broad in it, right? Mm-hmm.

And so sometimes, you know, certain things need to come earlier, certain things need to come later, other times you can mix and match. So I'm just looking for like, is there a clear flow to this? Like, is there a clear logical flow to this, or no, it's not. And therefore they could go relatively in any order. If they could go relatively in any order, then I don't really stress about it.

Mm-hmm. Okay, so now, right, we've got the, like, we've got the bulk, you know, thus far of the kind of the, um, the bulk of the marketing portion, the marketing argument portion of the campaign, you know, scripted, or at least right, outlined right now. Now I'm gonna go back to in step six, now, I go, okay, so now I have an idea of what the argument is going to be. I have an idea, I know exactly where I'm leading, leading them right now, I go back and I think about what is the campaign angle theme that I'm gonna use? What's the, what's the big marketing idea?

What's the, you know, again, what's the angle? What's the, uh, I don't wanna say hook, but what's the theme that I'm gonna use? What's the narrative that I'm gonna tell? What's the story that I'm bringing to the table? Is this, you know, I'm exposing something, you know, new that nobody ever shared because, you know, blah, blah, blah.

Is this like, we've reached a new period in the marketplace and therefore something new is going on? Is this like a law has been changed and now we, you know, we, we, we have an opportunity to benefit or get slaughtered. We get to choose like, what is the campaign idea, angle, or theme? And this is a lot more about now, alright, um, what is the market heard? What is the market seen?

What is the market interested in right now? What is the market never heard? What is the market never seen? What is nobody really talking about, um, that I could tie to this, that I could tie to the argument, the, the mechanism and the, the, the, um, the argument that I'm gonna present. So now I'm going back to the theme, if you will, for the, um, for this, the, the, the idea.

Does that make sense, Adida? It does, yeah. Okay, then after I've decided that the, the campaign idea angle theme, then I began working on the lead, right? And so now I actually work on the lead. How am I gonna open up this, um, this campaign?

What is the right, what's the first 300, 50, 400, 500, 600 words that I am going to, um, to say here? And so I'm really, and for me, I'm not talking about necessarily the headline, the headline on the page, whether I'm using a VSL or the headline on the, um, on the long form sales letter, I'm really talking about when I af you know, after the dear, you know, dear friend kind of thing. Uh, you know, what's the first line that I'm gonna say, not the headline, but the first line of the actual body copy that I'm gonna say, or the first line that's gonna come out of my mouth, um, on the VSL. Uh, and so the lead, and so I'm going to dial this in, and of course, right? We know my, my job, my aim is to make this as, you know, as compelling as possible, so that at the end of this lead, the end of the lead, the, the end of the 300, 400, 500, 600 words, the prospect says, this sounds amazing.

This sounds awesome, this sounds perfect. Now prove to me that it'll work and prove to me that it'll work for me. And so, boom, that is the, um, the lead, step seven. And so now I wanna be clear on this. So at this point, right, I, this is, let me say this.

So prior to 0.7, I don't know if I would really say I've written any copy yet. So I've clarified the primary promise and written that down, of course, right? I've, I've, you know, I've identified and named the unique mechanism and understand how it works, right? Um, and why it's able to produce this primary promise I've identified or determined, decided on the aspect of superiority that I'm gonna claim for this unique mechanism compared to every other mechanism out there. And then I formulated this into a marketing thesis, right?

That single statement, uh, the thing that I want them to believe by the end of the marketing portion of the campaign that is going to serve for me as my north star, making sure that I'm writing, you know, uh, like I'm, I'm going towards the destination that I need. I've decided the sub beliefs that I'm gonna need to prove or right, establish in the mind of the prospect, um, in order for them to believe this, and I've put those in the right order, right? And then I've decided on the campaign idea angle theme that I'm going to use to grab attention in the marketplace. And so I've really only now written copy. So when I say the lead, I'm not, there's nothing for me to decide any anymore on this point.

Like I've already decided, you know, um, the theme, the angle, the idea that I'm gonna use for this campaign. And in the examination and research, I've identified all the benefits and whatnot of the unique mechanism. Now I write the lead. And so now I'm actually doing, I'm actually writing copy, I'm writing the lead, step eight, I then write the credibility chunk after the lead, the credibility chunk is right after the lead when it's, Hey, my, you know, my name's Bob Smith, right? Hey, you know, my name's Bob Smith, maybe you know me, you, maybe you've seen me on Shark Tank, or blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right?

That's what I mean by the credibility chunk. And then, uh, and then step eight, excuse me, step nine is now I actually write the marketing argument. So what I mean here is now I go back to these sub beliefs, and now what I do is I decide two things, and I may have to do the research, uh, as part of this now, um, and the writing for this, but I'm gonna determine what are the, uh, p proof points, support evidence that I'm going to use to back up each claim, and what are the benefits that I'm gonna tie to each, um, self-belief or claim so that we, we already, we have the C in C, P, B, but right c then marketing art, right? I need the proof points, right? Um, and that's when I'm making decisions like, how many proof points do I think this needs?

Is this, is this like a huge claim that is gonna be, you know, uh, that's gonna be, uh, there's gonna be pushback on this. Do I need one? Is one proof point going to gonna do good? What do I, what would be the ideal proof point here for this? Can I get, excuse me, can I get away with reason why, you know, um, just explaining, um, and whatnot.

But now I'm actually, so I'm taking the subie and I'm fleshing them out, adding in the proof, adding in the benefits, and then what I do is I turn it into copy. So I'll take these, if there, if there are three claims up here, now I take those three claims and one at a time in the right order, one at a time, the proof, one at a time, the benefits until I've got, if there are three of these until I have three, C, p, b, um, the outline for three, three C, p, B chunks, and then I write the copy for it, like I flesh it out, right? But the skeleton for it is done because I know the claim, I know the proof supporter evidence, and I know the benefit statement. Now it's a matter of just turning it into copy, and then segue next chunk, right? Got the C, got the P, got the B, flesh it out, or bees flesh it out, boom, segue, next chunk, boom, until I have the marketing argument portion.

Um, um, uh, done. And then I'll go back to the, um, the headline. Um, and then I'll write the, the, the, uh, the headline in the deck. Really, in all fairness, this really, I really should add one more. Really, in all fairness, I should add step 11 in here, which what I would say is that truthfully is that step 10 is offer copy, step excuse, excuse, step 10 would be offer copy.

And then step 11 would be headline deck copy. So in other words, for me, any headline or deck copy, pre-head, you know, eyebrow headline subhead, um, on the deck would be the very last thing that gets done. And so it's the very last thing. I know a lot of people will start with the headline. For me, it's the very last thing that gets done after everything else is fleshed out.

And so that's the order that I go in when crafting a, um, a new marketing campaign. And so, adida, anything that you would ask or add to that, No, it all makes sense. Good stuff. Yeah, that's the, I mean, pretty simple, pretty, pretty straightforward, really. I think that, you know, I'll, I, I just wanna emphasize one more time that I really think that when people bounce around and jump around and don't have a clear process or flow like this, that contributes to why they end up having disjointed copy that doesn't feel, you know, seamless, that doesn't have like a very clear golden thread throughout, because they're not getting clarity on each of these pieces, and they're not going in the right order.

And so what you, what ends up happening is when you then, when they end up with something finished, and now you go through to, let's say, do an editing pass, or even potentially a, you know, a final editing pass, you see stuff that's like, number one, this is a chunk that you didn't even need in here because right? You wrote copy without really being crystal clear on what the marketing thesis is, right? And so, you know, uh, and, and it, it ends up feeling almost more like jigsaw puzzle ish, where right, they wrote these chunks of copy in isolation. And even though I think, look, even though I think that, and I wanna be clear about this, I think that it's okay to work on chunks of copy. Like it's okay to work on the lead and then work on the credibility chunk and then work on the argument.

But it's not okay to do those things without having awareness and clarity on the rest of these things. In other words, if you're doing, like, if you're working on attempting to work on the marketing argument, let's say before you've nailed the unique mechanism and aspect of superiority. I don't know how, like, I don't know how you can do that effectively. 'cause you don't even know then what is the argument? What are you arguing?

Like what are you arguing if you're not clear on this? So yes, you can write the marketing argument in isolation after you've gotten clarity on the mechanism and right, and superiority, and like, how do you, you know, how do you get clarity on, let's say the mechanism, right? Um, until like, you understand the promise, right? Like, you have to understand these two together because number one, you've gotta make sure that the mechanism can fulfill on the promise. And you have to be able to articulate and communicate how it does that, and then how it does that in a way that is superior to every other mechanism.

See? So this is, this always requires, like, I, I really truly believe, I guess I could sum it up with Adida, that I really believe that people, when people don't spend enough time thinking through these elements and being clear on them, they end up with extremely fuzzy thinking, which translates into extremely fuzzy marketing copy messaging. And, um, and that's why it doesn't have this like feeling of being led anywhere where you just feel like, right, somebody just shared a bunch of information with me, but I'm not, I'm not further along. I'm, I didn't mo there's no movement of me. I'm not really sure what they were trying to say other than say a whole bunch of positive things about their product, like kind of thing.

That's not what we're doing here. We're, we're, we're showing that we're presenting an argument which takes them from one level of understanding, one level of belief to a different one. And that different one pre-sells them on the, on the value of the product. And so, yeah, and, and I guess it's because so many people are not even aware of what exactly are the pieces that are needed. That's why if I method is so good, it unpacks everything.

Yeah, no, well said. I think well said. I think this is why, you know, when we work with clients and students, right? We really need to, you know, we really need to teach them this idea, this, you know, how this is, like how this works, and how these pieces contribute to one another so that they don't have a disjointed campaign so that they don't have this, um, you know, this just this jigsaw puzzle thing, right? Because they'll, they'll see that in their results or lack of results.

And the best copywriters, the best marketers are, you know, have these campaigns that build and are clear and are simple and are straight, and have a golden thread and give the prospect a feeling of movement and give the prospect meaningful, additional insights, all that set up the sale perfectly. And right. And so you gotta have this level of, um, of clarity and, and understanding. And so there you go. But that is it, uh, for today.

Hope this is helpful for you, uh, and, uh, and I will see you, uh, next week on ne next week's training. Good stuff. Thank you. All right. You got it, Dita.

All right, bye-bye.
