---
title: "Business Call  2023-11-29 15:00:07"
date: 2023-11-29
duration: 1h 8m
duration_seconds: 4089
vimeo_id: 889560659
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Business Call  2023-11-29 15:00:07

**Date:** 2023-11-29 | **Duration:** 1h 8m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up buddy? Hey man, how are you? Can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you fine, man. How are you?

Good, how are you? Good, man. Very well. So it's good, man. So I know we're being joined by Damien and I believe John, here's John jumping on.

And so I appreciate you taking out some time to share what it is that you've seen in terms of strategy with Pete's business, kind of what you're thinking about. So looking forward to that. What's up, John? You're muted. What's happening?

How are we? Good. How are you, man? What's up, John? I'm great, thank you.

Good man. And so, how's Jess? All good. Everything good on the home front? Oh, great.

Yeah. Can't complain. Love it. What's up guys? What's up dude?

Hey Damian. Look at you, man. Look at all, dude. Todd, You're wearing the, the very rare lost, that's a piece of top one apparel that's rarely. See, Yeah.

Well, I rarely get to break it out, Utah. Is it? It's a little chilly here, man. So it was 54 today, man. Which in south Florida is like, you know, crazy.

My, When I was in the, the, the ice bath this morning, it was zero. So don't start. I, I can't even imagine, man. I, I can't even imagine. But you love it, everybody.

I know that. Everybody I know that does the cold plunge, man, absolutely raves about it. Really? I, I spend 30 minutes trying to convince myself not to do it, and then I do it for it for six minutes or whatever, and then afterwards I'm like, that was amazing. Why didn't I do that earlier?

It, it, it's interesting, John, I, I heard Tony Robbins talking about the plunge, and he was saying that part of what he uses it for is he never delays because he wants to immediately tr he wants to constantly train his brain, never to delay on making decisions. Oh, I delay. So he, he forces, so he forces himself every day that as soon as he goes, goes right in. So that when his brain gets to other things, it doesn't get in the habit of saying, well, let me just put it off. It's a little uncomfortable.

It's a little awkward. It might be a little painful. And so you're training the wrong part. You gotta train the other, sort of the other. You gotta train that.

Well, at least I'm doing it. Awesome. What was that? There you go. I mean, nevertheless, right?

That's the difference between Damien and I. John, I'm proud of you. Um, I'm still proud. I'm still proud. Um, Listen, So just, uh, a quick note.

Uh, I know Todd's gonna lead this, but just so you know, Todd, I kind of, you know, I've been briefing, uh, John and, uh, hey, Teddy adding, sorry About that, Teddy. Um, I've been briefing John and Paul A. Little bit. Mm-Hmm. And, uh, I kind of just asked him, I said, Hey, what do you think of Pete's business?

And I asked him two specific questions, Todd. I said, let you know in the short run mi at a micro level, like what do you feel like, Hey, this is what I would do if I wanted to change a trajectory from about a million to 3 million. What are the tactical things? Like, what would be your answer to that question? Then I also ask them the bigger question of like, okay, what do you see as the big overall strategy, positioning, market, and opportunity.

Opportunity? So those are the things they've been thinking about, but I'll let you take it from here. Perfect. I think that that's a perfect frame for what I'd love to see, um, covered on the, uh, on the meeting. Uh, so okay, we are recording.

Good deal. Um, so I, you know, like, like Damien said, I don't want to, I don't, I don't want this to devolve into a, uh, a debate or even really for that matter, us trying to come up with the perfect strategy for Pete. Really, I've asked you here, um, so that, uh, you can, um, you can just share with me your insights. I know that John, you've got some strong feelings about what you would recommend Pete does. Um, and Paul, you mentioned to me when we chatted that you've got some thoughts from a kind of a strategic perspective about what you think that Pete should do.

And same with you, Damien. And so I really just want to kind of go down the line. Um, and I didn't even fully expect Teddy to be here. I'm not even sure Teddy. Yeah, I'm sorry.

Yeah, I, I saw on my calendar and I, I, Yeah, I, yeah, I, I'm not sure. I'm not sure whether, uh, uh, It's all good though. I mean, I can provide some insight 'cause I, I am helping him kind of put together kind of a, a software indicator kind of thing that he was looking to make. Uh, Okay. Perfect.

So, yeah, so that's cool. Yeah. Pro Project project number 19.6 for Pete. Yeah. So, and, and I think that's, you know, that's kind of like, look, I, I wanna set a little bit of additional context.

I'm sure Damien has kind of shared this with you. And then what we'll do is we'll just kind of go down the line. I'd like to start with John, then go to Paul, and then, um, Teddy, and then Damien Will, will kind of wrap with, um, with you. Uh, and so I've had the chance to, uh, to spend some time with Pete and Robin, uh, getting a deeper understanding of their, of their business. They shared a whole bunch of information with us about, kind of about their numbers, obviously their financials, um, about the different projects that they've launched over the last, or attempted to launch over the last, call it 12 months or so.

And, uh, and, uh, a couple of points that I wanna make right up front. I wanna make sure that everybody's on the same page. So, number one, right? It, uh, Pete has, Pete, their business tends to be very good on the backend. It seems like they've got the backend somewhat nailed.

And I say that kind of a little bit loosely. Their main issue, or one of their core, excuse me, main issues is they do not have an effective front end. They've yet to be able to nail the acquisition part of their, um, of their business. I don't know if that is the cause of their kind of strategic disarray or the result of their strategic disarray, but it also seems like they have bounced around from strategy to strategy and tactic to tactic. They've tried everything from a lead magnet to a quiz, to the power offer, to a challenge, to a webinar, um, and everything in between.

And they have yet to identify a, um, a winner. Uh, of course you guys know that Pete and Robin are really the hub of the business. They are the business, and so they're really doing it all. And so they're working, you know, 15 plus hours a day. Um, both of them, Pete is doing a combination of publishing content, which includes his YouTube channel.

They have about 30,000 subscribers posting, you know, organic content, trying to grow that channel or organically, uh, as well as publishing two daily newsletters, one for leads and one or, or prospects, and one for buyers. Uh, they really only have a couple of active offers right now, and because of that, because of everything that I just said, they've really hit this ceiling that they haven't been able to break through of about a million bucks a year. And so a million bucks a year in the financial publishing industry is really, uh, ridiculous and wildly unheard of. There's no reason why they shouldn't be at, you know, at at, at $5 million plus. Um, and that in and of itself is a tiny, tiny, tiny business in the fi in the financial publishing space.

And so, with that as a little bit of additional context, I wanna go to John, I know that you've, uh, um, run some traffic for them with, uh, dam I think Dam wants to say something again. Yeah, go ahead, dam. One, one other quick detail, Todd, is that they also started to explore sort of the imprint strategy. And so they brought on like a four x guy, did like a hundred thousand dollars over the year of which they paid the editor 40%, um, or something like that. And then they also, uh, have an options guy that they partnered with that they're really excited with, that they're very bullish on, but it's another one of those, one of 17 boulders.

They're pushing up the, the hill that's getting no traction and ultimately just spreading the, the little capacity to have even thinner. Yeah. Well, well said. I think that that's real. You know, they are very much, you know, for lack of a better phrase, um, and, and I've said this to, to, to Pete numerous times, they're very much, he, he's very much operating as an opportunity seeker and right.

He's getting very little traction on everything that he's pursuing. And I think that when opportunities come his way, whether it be this Forex guy or this new options guy, or this event, or this potential strategic alliance with somebody on a project, they're jumping at it. They're getting very little traction on that thing that's also impacting their focus on everything else. And so it is really, from a strategic perspective, it is a, uh, a complete disaster because there's no rhyme or reason to why they do things. Everything is kind of a, you know, everything is a money grab, if you will.

And I don't mean that as a harsh, uh, um, uh, statement about Pete and Robin. I just mean that they're looking for, they're looking to take advantage of opportunities. And ultimately what I see, what, uh, what they need is they need a very clear and simple strategy from an acquisition perspective, from a backend perspective, that we can give the time to gain scale, to gain traction, and the ability, therefore, to say no to everything else in the immediate future that doesn't fit into that simple and clear strategy. And so, um, so with that, let's go to, let's, I wanna start with John, because I know that you've kind of seen under the hood, so to speak. And so with that being said, kind of what, what do you, what would you do in the first 90 days to, uh, to, to, to help Pete grow?

Okay, so Specifically to focusing on just the next 90 days right now, like a bottle, a big bottleneck for Pete in terms of the current offer he is promoting as his front end, a daily ticker Mm-Hmm. That, like, the, the bottleneck in that offer in that campaign right now is the fact that ba basically we're doing lead gen driving, driving to a lead gen to watch a webinar, and the webinar is selling them on order flow stacking as this new and different way. And at the end of it, it's, they're selling the daily ticker newsletter, the right now, right? For Everybody for re for reference, real quick, for everybody else, the daily ticker is a five day a week newsletter and kind of stock trading service. So it's not just education, it's education plus the actual trades to make.

And it's 2 97 for 90 days, and it comes with, uh, a handful of bonuses, some eBooks and whatnot. That's the offer that Pete makes at the end of a webinar. And it's really just a prerecorded on camera VSL. So it's not really a webinar True, a true webinar. It's an on-camera.

You can say in instant watch, webinar, vsl, whatever. Yeah. It's like, it's an on-demand presentation. Yes, correct. Um, so like, there's two really two issues with that funnel and, and offer as a whole.

Right now. A not enough people are consuming the VSL and B, I think the positioning of the offer is not, it, it could be a lot better. 'cause the offer is like w when Pete explains the offer in layman's terms to, to me say it's like that's a no brainer. You get like done for you trades, done for you, um, order entries and, and exits every single day. It's basically Hannah, you want a silver platter, but it's being positioned as like a newsletter and, and everything else.

So I think the positioning of the offer and the, the pre the, the overall VSL presentation needs tightening up. We can get leads for that. Like the, the initial promise we're getting like a 42% opt-in on the initial promise that, that Pete is making on the landing page and everything else. But the consumption of the, the, the BSL call it, and the, I think the positioning and the offer, if we could tighten up those in the next 90 days, that'd be huge. Now, just to give a little bit of caveat To that, just pause for a second, John.

When you say consumption, do you mean that they hit the video and they don't watch the whole video? Or are you referring to the follow-up emails to get them to consume the video? Or are you referring to both? Both, because right now, the, the play rate that it's on auto play, but only 62% of the people are unmuting the video and only 30, the, the completion rate of the video is about 37%. So like the majority of people aren't even getting to the offer.

Yep. But then when they do get to the offer, not enough of them are taking that step to purchase, which is why I think there's some, we could definitely tighten up the positioning of that as well. Okay. And, but then have you, go ahead. One other thing that's like the initial 19 is, or the bigger picture is like, in terms of really scaling this from 1 million to 3 million and be 5 million beyond, do I think the daily ticker as it is right now is the best front end?

Probably not. I think we could, we could, like, I, I don't think it's gonna be the front end that's gonna give ultimate scale as in its current iteration. Why? I just think they like the opt in into a webinar, our VSL where we're selling something for 2 9 7, and it's kind of like 2, 9 7 every 90 days. It's a little bit confusing versus something like, let's say with, say for example with Jim, it's basically opt in, you're getting a course for $997, and then it's like, it's, it's like a lifetime access type of thing.

It's a lot easier to, to grasp and to understand. And I think there's a little bit of a disconnect with the, the whole 90 dating. So one thing I mentioned to to, to Damien and to, or to Pete, and he seems to be in favor of it as well, is like, is selling his order flow stacking course for something like 9, 9 7 and tacking on the daily ticker as a bonus, uh, for like, they get 90 days access to the daily ticker as a bonus, for example, something along those lines, economically in the financial space, it would give us a lot more capacity for scale and for, for growth. But yeah. Okay.

I like that. I think that that's, um, smart. Okay. I don't wanna, and I don't wanna taint anybody's response, right? So I wanna be careful in what it is that I say.

Uh, but I, I like that. I think that there's a lot of wisdom in what it is that you, um, just shared. I, I will also say for what it's worth, um, that, you know, like look in the financial publishing space there, there's a lot of history. There's a lot of, uh, there's a lot of competitors out there. There's a lot of best practices that have already been proven by others, you know, in terms of price point on the front end in terms of what gets sold on the front end, right?

There's a lot of work that's already been done by people that have been doing this a lot longer, um, and have had a lot more success. And so when I start to see massive deviations away from smart, what smart marketers are doing as a whole, it, you know, while sometimes that's a good thing, sometimes it's not a good thing. And so, uh, so that being said, Paul, I know that you had some thoughts having worked with, um, and helped Pete. And so I, I know you mentioned to me when we, when we chatted that you've got some ideas for strategy, and so I'd love to hear your insights first 90 days. Yeah.

So let me, let me first start by saying that, and I, I explained this to Damien yesterday that my impression of what Pete's business was doing when I was in talks with him is wildly different than what I understand it to be now. Okay. And so based on my previous thoughts, like, you know, I Just, well, can I, can I ask, can I ask why? Was that the way Pete explained it? Yes.

Is that why? Yes. Okay. Yeah. So basically the way I understood it was this f well, first of all, the 2 97 offer, if I remember correctly, he changed that recently within like, the past three months.

It used to be, It's been changed, it's been changed too many times. Too many times. It's like, it's Right, like what Todd said in terms of structurally and like, they, they are all over the place. Like it's, yeah. It's, it's like that's, that's another definite thing that needs to be sorted.

But like, that's not, I know, okay, that's definitely gonna be sorted, but like, yeah, it's been changed so many times. Okay. It's Ridiculous. So the way, the way that I understood the last version of that thing was that he said that he had just started spending money on cold traffic on YouTube, and that it was ROAS positive on the front end. That was like the last conversation that I had with him, which was probably a little over two months ago, right?

So I had a completely different frame of mind back then. I'm like, well, all right, well, how do we tweak this and start tripling and, you know, doubling, tripling down on that to increase customer acquisition. Okay. So hang on one second, John. And so where are they at today?

Do you know, where are they at today in terms of their paid media, their roas? Like where is that at right now? If they're doing anything at all right now? It's not ROAS positive right now. I mean, when it, like, the original iteration of the offer was, it was like a 14 day bootcamp, and that went through various different price points as well.

I'm sure they told you all about it. Yeah. When the bootcamp was running in its initial form, I can't, I think the price point was, I think it was 1 9 5 or 2 9 5 or something like that. But it was a 14 day bootcamp that was, that was ROAS positive, um, for like, quite some time. And then they, like Pete was getting burnt out doing what, like the, like the intensity of that offer was nearly like, it should have been like a two, two grand offer or a three grand offer.

So the intensity just completely burnt out. So I decided to shift that right now the, like, it's, at best it's at about a 50% to 60% roas, but that's at, that's at best, um, like the, not enough of the leads are converting right now to make it anywhere, anywhere worthwhile. And John, just for reference, and then we'll go back to, to Paul, what, what is the average, and I know that, I don't even know if this is a proper question, but what's the average cost per visitor for Pete? Cost per visitor right now is between two to $3. Okay.

And, And when you say John, it's not really worth it. Um, my understanding is that their backend numbers are extremely strong. So does the model not work with them only getting 60% roas on their front end offer? Because they can't, they can't make the economics work on the back? Well, like his goal was break even on the front and forget About his, I don't care about Pete's goal.

I'm asking whether or not the economics can work with a 60, with only a 60% ROI on the front. No, I don't think so. Um, not with the, not with his annual price the way it is now. I mean, I think his, like, there, there's some pricing issues as well that I think would need to be discussed at, but like, I don't wanna Yeah. See Damien, you know, so it, it, it's, so for what it's worth, man, it's so freaking confusing because some of the numbers when, when talking, let's say about the backend and their conversion on the phone and the amount of people that they get on the phone and all that, something is just off the mark, right?

Some, there's gotta be a number or numbers in what it is that they've shared that are just not accurate, right? Because based on what the, the numbers shared about the backend, they most certainly should be able to make a 50% ROAS work on the front end, right? So something is just off the mark, right? Like something is, something is off the mark with the numbers. And that's why it's incredibly confusing to me, um, coupled with the fact that they've just changed prices, changed models, changed things so many times that it almost makes me wonder if like, look, if if the, you know, if the, the front end isn't working, if they're not roas osi, right?

Like that, uh, it, it almost like, I don't even care what it is that they're doing right now. What is the right move to make going forward? Period. That's, you know, it's just so confusing with the, all these Yeah. I mean all these different numbers and all these different campaigns.

I had a conversation with Pete yesterday, like we had our normal weekly meeting. And so basically like, and what I said to Pete was like, there's two things we can do right now. It's like, we can try and fix the current thing, but if the current thing isn't the best thing to move forward from an acquisition point of view, are we wasting time trying to fix this when we should be looking at, well, what should we be doing? Right, right. Correct.

Okay. Paul, go ahead. I'm sorry. We commandeered your, your go. Go ahead.

That's okay. That's okay. And so, um, like I would just, like, where I would start is, you said something earlier, right? You said you launched a bunch of different offers, kind of half-assed them opportunity, went into opportunity seeking mode and went into the next one and the next one and the next one, and never really followed through on any of the ones that he set out right. Or that he launched.

And so like, I would go back to those and I would start and say like, okay, which one of these was getting the most traction? And is there an opportunity for us to tweak this and nail this? Because maybe he was just three feet from gold on one of 'em. Um, you know, and, and plus those assets are already built out, and I don't think it would take us that long to figure out whether or not we could go back to one of 'em and turn it around with the right tweaks and the right, uh, and the right approach. That's, that's where I would start.

Okay. And so, and, and that there's a lot of wisdom in that as well. John, do you have any insight into the historical campaigns? Did, is this the first time that Pete has run paid media with the, the, the challenge thing that he was doing, or excuse me, the bootcamp and then ultimately, um, this, like the, the, this this current webinar offer, or was, did he try paid traffic to those, you know, half dozen, dozen, whatever offers that they did in the past? So we did paid traffic to lead gen for lead magnet and like with a self-liquidating offer.

And it was, uh, it was half baked. Um, at best as well. We've done the bootcamp, did the best, but there's no way in, you know, no way that Pete will go back to doing a bootcamp. 'cause it was just so time intensive from, so the One that did the best, the one that did the best, the bootcamp was the one that was just intensive from a manual labor perspective. So that one is totally off the table.

And do you know of any other campaign that they ran in the past that ha that showed some significant signs of life? If the answer's no, that's okay. That's it. Is what? It's, no, I Mean, I can't think of one that, that, that like, okay.

No, I can't really think of one. Okay. I mean the, like, the current iteration of the daily ticker I think has potential, but it needs, like, there's, there's, there is a couple of bottlenecks in there, like I said. Okay. Got it.

So, And for what it's worth, Todd, I'm, I'm a hundred percent in a, in agreeance with, with what John said about like, the positioning of his offer. I think that I, I think that the positioning of his offer is off as well. Um, I'm gonna put this out there. I'm not saying that this is something that we should do or entertain, it's just something I wanna put out there as maybe something to pin, um, you know, for later. Because this would involve some sort of a kind of a radical change to the way he's already doing things.

And I don't want to, I know what somebody like Pete doing more of that could be very dangerous. But what I see some successful people in this space doing is a very simple 1 99 a month offer and just loading up their monthly, like, you know, I, I have friends that are actual members of these groups. Um, you know, my, my best friend Frank, my partner in my supplement business is a hardcore day trader swing tree. He's in like five of these different groups that Pete, he's in, he's in like five different Pete groups. And I have picked his brain to no end.

Why did you choose this guy? How did you find him? Did you find him through pay trap? How many people are in the discord? And like in one group, my friend's like paying 200 bucks a month.

He said, there's 2,500 people in the Discord paying $199 a month. And he's like, you know, I just like simple man. He's like, I don't wanna think about 90 days. I don't wanna think about 60 days. Like, you know, gimme a gimme a a a a, a couple of days for a trial, let gimme the ability to cancel whenever I want.

And if your trades are as good as you say they are, then I'll stay with you. And it's a very simplified, um, business model. And so it's just something that I wanted to put out there only because I do believe that the positioning of his offer, whether we go that way or whether we do 9, 9, 7, I feel like we have to pick one of them and stick to it and go with it. Because the positioning of his current offer, that 2 97 over 90 days, it sounds great maybe to us, but to his ideal customer, it could be radically confusing. Yeah.

Well, look, uh, you know, uh, I think that that, I, I, I think that it, it's interesting. I love the idea like, look, man, I, I think as always, you know, simple is better, right? Like the offer has to be simple, clear. You have to, I immediately be able to grasp what it is. There can't be any confusion.

Um, and so I'm in full agreement with that, and I certainly think that Pete's offer is a bit convoluted, and there are aspects of it that are definitely, um, unclear. One thing, uh, and I'm certainly willing to, um, you know, entertain the opposite of this, but one thing that I've always learned from the beginning of my direct response journey is that it's extremely difficult to sell continuity on the front end. Absolutely. I agree with you. So it's, it's extremely difficult to sell continuity.

The idea of a 1 99 a month, let's say, thing to me is a great backend, right? Like, you're asking somebody to make a commitment after you've given them a, a taste of your trustworthiness, your your quality, all, all that kind of stuff. Um, the other thing for, for what it's worth, this doesn't mean that this is the only way to go, but in the, in the financial publishing space, the typical approach, the, the approach that you see across the board, nine out of 10 times is that, and, and this is really, look, look, I wanna be clear about this. There's a difference between the financial publishing space and the financial education space. So the education space, which is a lot smaller than the publishing space, is teaching people, teaching how to trade, teaching about the stock market, um, teaching people how to do options.

The financial publishing space is really, really, should be called almost a stock trading service where people are being told what, what equities to, to trade and when, and stop losses and, and all that kind of stuff. And so in the financial publishing space, typically what it is that you see done is on the front end, you see some sort of play, some sort of stock trade being teased, right? Like being teased. And then I'm gonna show you how to do, how to take advantage of this. And usually they're, they're often, they're kept blind.

It's never revealed what the equity is or the stock symbol is in the, in the promo. But it's this whole buildup of this is the next move, this is the next oil, or this is the next gold, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I'm gonna show you how to get in. I'm gonna show you how to get out. I'm gonna show you how to make a massive profit, and I'm gonna give it to you for free when you take a subscription to X.

Now, here's the thing, the subscription to X is just an annual and that they sell it as, right? It's not presented as continuity. It's presented as you'll get, you'll get a subscription, a a year subscription for 79 bucks or whatever it is, right? And so the 90% of the promo, or 80% of the promo, is all about this stock play, building up the value of it, this secret new move, blah, blah, blah, get in, I'm gonna give it to you for free, right? When you grab an, uh, an, uh, a newsletter subscription when you sign up for x, y, z newsletter for the next year for 79 bucks.

And so I share that because, you know, uh, it was really exciting for me to see that the base of Pete's offer, the daily ticker, was the stock trading service and not just education, right? So Pete is ultimately telling people what trades to Yeah. Um, to make. And so to me, that should really be a big part of the focus. 'cause the majority of people don't wanna learn.

They just wanna be told from somebody who knows what stocks to get in and, and, and out of and when, and so, so can I Yeah, please. Just So I think 1, 1, 1 thing with Pete is he's kind of jumped back and forth between financial education and financial publishing. And of course he has Clarity on that. It's like, Yeah, of course he has. Yeah, Yeah.

You know, and Yeah, go ahead. Because I was thinking of the same thing you were Todd, right? Which is, which is that, that is the model, right? It's a $79 newsletter. It's either about a specific soc or about a sector, right?

Uh, this is the ai, right? You're gonna get the AI portfolio and blah, blah, blah, and here's why you want to be involved in AI and all that kind of stuff. But, so I'm wondering though, like in terms of level sophistication of his market and who he's trying to bring in, because I see those offers and I'm like, I've bought this thing 10 times already. Never, never once have I looked at it, never, right? Like that 79, what Offers, what, what, what Offers the $79 newsletter to get the bonuses to see what it, you know, I've bought a dozen of them, right?

So anybody it's been in the market for a while, already has, yeah. So you wanna show up in that same way and, and be different or not. And, and I agree with, you know, what you said, like, what I don't want to, what takes the most time for me as a trader is looking at the charts and figuring out what trades am I gonna start, right? Like, I could spend hours just analyzing the charts and figure out, like, I know what to do, I know how to do it, but that just takes time. I will always sign up for an alert service that's like, here's the trade, take it, and there's a q and a forum or something if the trade starts going bad, so I know how other people are dealing with it kind of thing.

Like ultimately, And that kind of goes back to the positioning of Pete's the daily ticker, because it's not, he doesn't focus enough on that as a benefit. It's more about all of the, the extra stuff, whereas like, it's nearly the, that offer of the service is, is hidden. It's buried. Yeah. Well, it, it, it, he, because of the way that it's being currently presented as just one piece among many pieces, instead of really highlighting it, right, as the, as the showstopper, so to speak.

Um, you know, I think for what it's worth for context, you know, what makes Pete, where, where Pete is, is unique, is that he's got this, um, order flow system, order flow Stacking. So He order flow stacking, which is his unique mechanism, which is a different way, uh, not to use the language of E five, but it truly is a different way to identify the right equities to get into and when to get into them and when to get outta them. And so he really does have, you know, uh, some somewhat of a proprietary method. Um, and so while he might not be in a particular sector like, you know, biotechs or AI or something like that, he definitely does have this, you know, unique, unique methodology. I'm not sure how many case studies he has.

Uh, yeah, A bunch. He has Loads. And, and so yeah, to me it's, you know, like to me it's, it is, it's, but it's not a, It's not a simple methodology. Like, like even, oh no, even I'm confused by it at times. No, look it, and I'll say this, look, it, it might not be as simple methodology.

It, it might not be a simple methodology, but is it a methodology that can be presented from a marketing perspective in a simple manner, right? And so, in other words, right, it's right. Like, can we present it in a way where it's easily understandable, right? And immediately understandable, even if it takes a little bit of depth when teaching them it after they buy, right? Can we explain it in a simple way to me, right?

Like I go back to, uh, and then Damien, I wanna, uh, well then Teddy, I wanna hear kind of, uh, some additional insights if you have anything with the thing that he has, the ticker symbol thing that he has you, you working on. And then we'll go to Damien. You know, for me, in my mind, I kind of see it as the, um, like look, if Pete's like Pete identified a, a, a, a trade to make he using his order flow stacking thing, he identified a trade to make, right? And this could be the big one, and I'm gonna tell you it for free. When you take a subscription to, you know, the order flow stacking daily or whatever, or, or whatever it is, um, kind of thing where I'm gonna give, give you, I'm gonna give you more of these, these trades ongoing to me, okay?

Right. As long as we can get people to buy into the validity, the value and the impact of order flow stacking on identifying winning trades, you've got at least the, the start of, of something there. Um, and so, but Teddy, go ahead. Share what additional insights do you have as a guy who's in the market and a guy who's working on Stuff? Yeah, no, so I mean, the tool he wants to build is basically taking his research process and kind of automating it and distilling it down into a spreadsheet that would be inside the portal that basically highlights very quickly and easily for people, Hey, here's the, here's the sector rotation that's happening, and here's the best picks in those sectors.

That's great. So let's identify a tool that makes this newsletter unnecessary. Yeah. Something to that. Yeah, that's really good, smart, that's a great move right there.

Therefore, right, it something to compete with his, his stock service, his stock alert. Well, I mean, I guess it's doing the work of, it's doing the, the research work that he does to create those alerts for him, right? Well then he should be using it for himself, right? Like, but don't, right? If you're gonna make it publicly available, then what do people need you for anymore?

What do people need your alert for, right? Like, you know, Agora never, never gives you their research methodology, right? Why would they do that then? You don't need their service. Like, it just doesn't make any sense to me.

I just don't see the, you know, and I, and I think that a big part of, But you would only get access to it if you're a member, obviously, right? So you would wanna pay to keep like any other tool that has a pain of disconnect. If this thing's making me money, I'm gonna keep paying for it to have access to it. Um, Yeah, I would come up with a different, uh, I would come up with a different tool that makes me implementing the alert service that much easier rather than that does the work of what the alert service is doing. Like, right.

So if anything, you know what I mean? Like, it's, it's, it's almost like, you know, look, you can teach people how to set up a website and then give them ClickFunnels so that they can set up the website, but you, you don't want things that are competing with each other or could potentially cannibalize each other to me. And to me, I just see, you know, if you're selling the result of your research, why are you gonna also then sell them the research? You're, you're just, to me, you're creating competition for yourself. You know, I, I think that, um, you know, John said something that is really important with Pete's business.

Uh, I think it was John who said it, that, you know, Pete has vacillated between are we in the education business or are we in the service, you know, the alert business. And I think that that's a problem. I think that, that you gotta pick a, you know, pick a lane because right, what happens is if you, if you straddle that you could wind up with, like we're talking about right now, competing products and services, like, right? Like, and so to me, I think that it's really important to, um, flag in the ground, this is what we are, this is what we're gonna do. And so on.

Todd, is it an, isn't an alert service harder to differentiate though? Like what makes your alerts better than somebody else's? Other than it's based on this meth order stacking flow methodology, which I don't know what that is, so I don't know what that means. Yeah, I mean, look, the, the, the reality is, I, I I would say that look, they're both hard to differentiate in this market because this market is saturated and filled with a lot of people. I would say that, you know, I, I would say that they're equally as hard because at the end of the day, the only way to differentiate education is if you've got a different methodology, right?

Like if, because if you're just teaching like options 1 0 1, well, my gosh, you're competing with everybody and their brothers teaching options. You're competing with YouTube at that point. Um, and so yeah, I, I think the reality is, is that this is why from my perspective, um, this is why this particular market, you differentiate with the, the mechanism or the methodology for identifying winning trades, that could be the quality and the depth of research. You could try to do it off the back. There was a period of time where they did it off the back of the credibility of the analysts, right?

Like if you brought in a better analyst than everybody else. Today, today, there are some phenomenal analysts out there. And so what you're seeing is you're seeing mainly differentiation off of the methodology or off or, or off of, we develop technology that identifies based on these, um, you know, these movements, um, blah, blah, blah. And, and so yeah, you're, you know, it's, it's, it's not an easy space to differentiate in, but that's the primary way that people are differentiating today. And so, go ahead, Paul, you had a question?

Yeah, well, you kind of just cleared it up. So like, but the way he's positioning order flow stacking now is he's positioning it as an educational piece. Like, go learn my system so that you can pick these winning trades on your own, like teach a man to fish type of thing. Yeah. Whereas you are saying, use it more, not as an educational piece, but as a differentiating factor, a unique mechanism in this, um, done for you so to speak, you know, where we pick the trades for you, but this is the, this is the thing that's powering our ability to pick winning traits.

So the answer is yes to both of those if you're in the education business, right? If Pete, which I, uh, I initially thought really going into my review of his campaigns and his, the, the, the, the VSL was that he was really in the education business. If you're in the education business, and the way that Pete is presenting it is exactly the way that I would present it in terms of, I'm gonna teach you a different methodology to pick winning trades and get in and out. Here's what this methodology is based on. This is the same thing I, I taught my traders back in, you know, in my firm in Manhattan and, and, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

If you are in the, um, alert business, right? Then you're, you're gonna do the same thing. It's just that I'm gonna show you these alerts that's based on this methodology, and because of this methodology, that's why we have such a, a high winning, um, track record. And so, right. So it depends on what business, yeah.

You know, it depends on the context of the offer. Got it. Okay. Okay. And so what's, what do you think is the best way for us to decide which one of those paths we want to take?

Well, I, I, I think, look, man, you know, and I don't have all the answers, right? Like, you know, it's been a while since I've been, um, you know, knee deep in the financial space. I'm excited to get knee deep again into the financial space. Um, but I would say that some of that really is gonna be determined by Pete's vision. Yeah.

What we can allow, like, what we won't allow Pete to do is straddle the fence, right? And so he's gonna be pushed off one way, or that he's either gonna be pulled this way or he is gonna be pushed that way, but he's not gonna straddle the fence. And so, um, so, you know, I, I think that some of that's gonna be determined by, by Pete's vision. I will say that, look, we already know that the majority of people in general, not just in this market, but in, in, in most markets, the majority of people don't wanna learn. They wanna be told what to do.

Yeah. Right? They don't want to learn. They wanna be told what to do. Doesn't mean that there aren't people out there that wanna learn, right?

We know that there are marketers that wanna learn how to market and how to write copy. That space is, is significantly smaller than the space of entrepreneurs that are just willing to pay to have it done. That that's the same thing in almost every single market, right? And so think of the value proposition of, right, in terms of, um, effort, in terms of speed, all that, right? There's more, when there's, there's more, when there's more effort and the results are slower because you have to learn it, the value goes way down, right?

Like of all the things that Hormo said, when it come, comes to the million dollar, a hundred million dollar offer thing. The one thing that I, I, I, I adamantly agree with is when he gave the difference between you can join a gym or you can go in for, um, liposuction, liposuction surgery, right? Liposuction surgery, which requires no work on your part and is immediate, is $20,000. Whereas joining a gym, which is gonna require a lot of work on your part, and a lot of time is 49 bucks a month. And so the same goes for everything else, Damien.

So, uh, I think you, you made a extremely good, uh, and astute, uh, observation and recognizing the difference between being in the educationally alert space and space. And clearly Pete is currently, uh, straddle on that fence in a way that I think we need to talk about, because it's, it's concerning. So without, before hearing that or recognizing that issue, the way that I see it is Pete's a great teacher and they take great care of their clients, have great results. I was looking at their refund rates last yesterday. Their renewal rates are great.

And so my, my initial instinct, which is what I told Pete six months ago, was like, dude, stop with this whole 90 day renewal, all this crazy nonsense. Like sell a course on the front. Let's focus on nailing the economics of that. 'cause that's the other issue of why subscription on the front is so precarious, especially now, is because running paid ads and scaling is an economic game. And when you're dealing with recurring, and I think they're gonna pay for four months, and therefore like, you're playing this weird cash factor in game that we can't afford to play.

Um, so I think the simplicity of just saying, dude, it's a course after the course, let's sell them into coaching. Um, and moreover, I think that a year of coaching's really long, whether or not, uh, we could justify the current price for six months or not, based on the level of attention and detail, uh, that that's debatable. But I think that just a year long commitment's, a really long time. Uh, and I think they're also shooting themselves in their foot because there's nothing really to sell them, sell their best customers for another year. 'cause they're committed to this coaching.

Uh, and I think they're giving way more value. Um, in terms of what I've spoken to with Pete, like, from the conversation I had up on the balcony at the top one mansion last time is, you know, Pete is passionate, passionate, similar to Utah, passionate about teaching. He loves teaching. He's like, dude, that's when I feel alive. I feel like that's my purpose is when I get these people to get these ahas and stuff like that.

Um, and so that is concerning knowing that, right? The education, the people that wanna actually be taught rather than handed the fish is a much smaller demographic. And so I would sort of, you know, I thought I had a simple answer to this until you raise that issue. And so I would sort of ask the question of, is there a way to take Pete's passion for teaching and do a more hands-on more facilitated, done with you trading type solution where you're not only, like Teddy said, you're not only getting the trades, but he's doing live calls and he is working through. 'cause even just getting the trade, it's a lot of stuff's still intimidating, right?

And you're actually seeing the trades and you're seeing the results, and you're seeing how he's pivoting when the market changes and how he's getting out of the trade if things don't go the right way. And, uh, and stuff like that. Because I think that Pete was, would not be excited or passionate to just have an alert business. Okay? I mean, that, and you, you may be right, you know, and, and like, look, this is, this is the right, and, and, and I can say this, right?

I can personally say this, right? You will never make as much money as a teacher as you would not being a teacher. And I, I I, I'm speaking from personal experience. Yeah. And so, right, like when your love is teaching and education, you, you have to understand the trade-offs.

And as long as you do, um, then that's okay. That's a conversation that we'll, you know, we'll have with Pete during the planning day. Uh, and I'm gonna plant a seed with him before the planning day to really kind of think about that. Um, he may say like, look, part of his life's vision is being a teacher and educator in this space. And then therefore we're gonna have to make decisions u understanding that those decisions come with potential, you know, growth consequences.

It's not to say that, look, it's not to say in any way, shape or form that an education business in this space can't be a 3, 5, 6, $8 million business. It'll certainly never be anything more than that in this space. Um, but if that's part of his vision, then that's okay. Right? Right.

Like as long as he understands the, the, um, the, the trade off. You know, for what it's worth, I just wanna go back for one second. You know, that is the, the simplicity, if you will, of the Agora model. And I don't wanna prop them up as the, the poster child for everything to do, right? 'cause they've certainly had their fair share of issues.

But the model is so, is so simple in that, right? They're, they have these front end offers that are based on the model that I already explained earlier to right? To get people to subscribe to what they would call their front end newsletter, okay? And the front end, the front end newsletter. And so ultimately what they're doing is they are liquidating their advertising costs to get qualified buyers so that they can backend them.

And what are, what, what are the backend offers? The backend offers are really just more intense versions of the front end. Meaning that they're just deeper, bigger, um, alert services. And so there is no coaching right there, there is no idea of coaching, there is no live calls. They don't do that, right?

Like, and in the financial space, and, um, Pete knows this I'm sure, but in the financial space, you have to be very careful when you talk to people. one-on-one from an FTC compliance issue, you have to be very careful. 'cause you go then from an education business in the eyes of the FTC to, um, an advisory business and right. Like, and now you fall under a different category, right? And if you're not licensed and all that, all that kind of jazz.

So, you know, I think that some of this is gonna become clearer when we talk to Pete and we really understand his vision, right? And does he really want to educate on, um, you know, ed educate, uh, or is he willing to have an alert service? Because if he's willing to have a pri primarily an alert service business, then the backend can be much simpler than a coaching program. That doesn't mean that Pete can't still do training calls as part of the backend, right? Like, you know, he can still like, like this is where it needs to be simple.

You've got a newsletter that's all about equity trades to make using his order flow stacking methodology. And then he has a backend that brings you deeper into the world of using order flow stacking to make bigger trades, have bigger winners, grow your portfolio even more. And the backend comes with more in-depth material. That's the simple business, right? That's, and the beauty is the thing to really understand from my perspective in, in, you know, having been thinking about this over the last week, now week and a half, is that what you have to understand in a market that has this, um, size tam total addressable market in a market of, of this size, right?

You don't need a massive product suite. You can have three, four products Yep. At the most and crush it simple, streamlined, dialed. You don't need 12 different products. You don't need any of that because the total addressable market is so freaking big, right?

Like, it's so big. And so that's, that's my take. I, I mean, I'll, I'll just say this like, you know, the one program that I was in the longest that I enjoyed the most and probably made the most money from was a simple $97 a month look over my shoulder every, every morning from nine to 11 in a group. Like just watching him do his trades. And, and it's an alert service too.

'cause he puts out the alert to the, but I'm watching him think through how he was coming up with the alert. Uh, and then every quarter I would say they would do a $2,000 advanced workshop, right? Hey, go attend this webinar and then it's another in-depth eight week training on some other angle or methodology or type of trade or, or something like that, right? Yeah. It was just simple option service.

But I mean, yeah, to me that a no-brainer. No. And I think that this is good, right? Like, and you know, this is good, you know, for me, this should be good for you, Paul. A lot of things to really kind of think about and marinate over, um, in terms of simpl, like, 'cause I think there's an opportunity to simplify the business, the offerings of the business.

Um, again, depending on what Pete really sees as his life's mission, if it is education, then we're gonna, you know, we gotta go in that direction. Uh, but I think that it's an opportunity for us to really simplify the, um, the, the offering. You know, the one part, the the, the thing to, to remember right with, um, with the Agora, right? The simple, the one thing that I've also really like about it is that remember that for most of their, uh, most of their entities, the front end was the front end. Meaning they were selling the same, they've been selling the same newsletter for decades, right?

What changes is the premium is the, the report that they sell you on initially, the trade, the right, the next big, the black oil, the new oil or whatever it is, is this, right? And you get this report. So all they're changing just the report, right? The, the lead if you will, of the, of the VSL. But the ultimately the newsletter is the newsletter is the newsletter is the newsletter.

And so, um, and then really the backend is the backend is the backend. It's always the same. What changes is the idea and right the angle to get people in that. So that's a big part of simplifying Pete's business, right? To really narrow down right front end, like initially what right front end, back end, start there, scale it, and then go from there.

So one, one last right. Angle thing, like, you know, when it comes to Pete, like the thing that gets him jazzed the most is fixing people's mindset about trading, right? Fixing their, their fear of entering a trade or their fear of getting in and out too soon. Right? And that's the thing that screws most traders up as well, right?

Yeah. So I mean, that's potentially a whole different angle of just him being financial mindset coaching training. Right. But Right. Okay.

Okay. Anybody at Pete? Uh, excuse me. Paul, do you have anything else to, to ask or to, to share? Like is there any, I know you're gonna have, like, I know that this is almost a whole new world for you, this financial, you know, um, space.

Uh, but is there anything else that you would ask or throw out? Uh, no. The questions that I had down pretty much were answered. And, um, that distinction that you gave that was very eye-opening bet, you know, between tickers and education space. Yeah.

So I have a lot more clarity now on, you know, he has to pick one of those, like you said, and we need to figure out, I think really that's the most important question that needs to be answered. Um, Yeah. You know, like, and, and look for what it's worth, you know, there, there's definitely, you can definitely, as you know, from E five, you can certainly use education as a vehicle to sell people on the service. You just have to understand, right. It has to be framed the right way.

Yeah. Like where, you know, like you can educate people on order flow stacking and the power of order flow stacking and what it does and why it works and why it's killer, and how you can do it yourself and do the research and all that. And then at the end, you can have an offer for, now that you understand this, right? If you just want it done for you, boom, here's the alert service that's gonna Right, that's gonna show you these stocks every day or whatever, five days a week. The, um, the play.

I also think for what it's worth, like look, you know, the, the, the, you know, it, it's interesting because Pete has really gone all in almost on his core offer. In other words, when you like, like look, when you're selling people, you're giving them alerts five days a week, and you're, you're doing all, like, you're, you're, you're kind of go, you're rolling out coaching, you're rolling out all these things. It makes it that much more difficult to craft a backend, right? Because you've got, you've taken everything and you've put it into the front end. The, the, the front end at Agora is a monthly newsletter.

It's a monthly newsletter that arrives in the mail and it tells you these, you know, these four or five stocks and gives you the research behind them and the story behind them and, and, and all that kind of thing, right? And so therefore it lends itself where the backend, now, now you could have something that's a weekly, you know, alert, right? But, you know, a five day alert service is, is a lot, you know, on a front end. And so, uh, go ahead, Damien. So, so one piece of, uh, guidance I would provide to you, Todd, is, uh, Pete very similar to yourself.

He's very methodical. He likes to think through things. And so I really think that this philosophical issue of are we in the education, are we in the alert space? Like that needs to be resolved before you sit down to do planning, or I promise you the whole planning day will be spent philosophizing about that, and at the end, no strategy will be done. Okay?

Fair enough. You're gonna need a totally separate second planning day to say, okay, now that we decided where to educate, what's the offer? What's the model? What's the price points? And so that needs To be okay.

Fair enough. Yeah. Fair. Yep. Wise advice, wise advice, does anybody, before I let you guys go, and I appreciate you taking time out this morning to share, uh, with me, does anybody have anything that they real, that they, that they shared in, in terms of what you would do in the first 90 days or what you would do that you feel strongly about, that you feel like this is a good move?

Like if my money, reputation, livelihood was on the line, I would do this, like, you know, switching the, the, the, the current webinar offer to, you know, a 9 97 training and then you get the newsletter free as a bonus, John's idea? Or does anybody have anything that they shared that you feel strongly about? Well, I did feel strongly about that until the financial service versus education, As did I, I felt very strongly about everything. Like I think that that needs to be resolved before anything else. Okay.

Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well, um, I appreciate the time this morning. Yeah.

I, I, go ahead. Yeah, I totally Agree with that. Yeah, no, I totally agree with that. And, and to your point too, by the way, I I, I, in complete agreeance with you about selling continuity on the front end, I, it, I, I'm, I'm totally with you on that. Um, but to my, like, going back to what I was telling you before, like my friend, he is not, he has no interest in education, right?

He just wants these, and for him to pay a hundred bucks, like to te what exactly what Teddy was talking about before, to pay a hundred, 200 bucks a month, and you give it to me, that for people like that, that's a no brainer, right? Yeah. Um, but again, un until we have that clarity of which direction we want to go in, I think it's, it's all kind of like up in the air, to be honest with you. Yeah. That's it.

That's the other part of the model though, right? Is like, you know, education or, or alerts, but also level sophistication. Like who does he actually want to, to be targeting? Yeah. Because it's such a big market, right?

You got, you got newbies to experts, right? So like, where do you wanna, does he wanna be, I gotta jump into another Call, guys. Okay, Go ahead, John. Thank you so much, buddy. Appreciate you buddy.

Thanks guys. Yeah, I mean, look, you know, I don't, I don't know if, um, Teddy, if this is helpful, but you know, the way that they, um, describe their avatar, they say our perfect member based on renewals and community engagement. So this is now based on, I guess what they're seeing, who are their most engaged members and who renew the most is a man or woman over the age of 40 looking to be active and generate four to $6,000 per month. It's the number we hear over and over. The marketing started to use this as the primary promise.

A delicate balance though from a compliance perspective, we started using retire comfortably, maybe even early. He said that message tends to resonate. Yeah. I Mean, not really the, you know, you know, sounds About right, but I would, I would just define active, right? Because like, I'm an active trader, but I don't want to be looking at the screen all day or Right.

You know, like I'm not a day trader, right? There's a difference, right? And so, right. And so you just to confirm, right? So you, you just, you don't wanna learn how to do technical analysis and line charting and, and, and whatnot.

You'd much rather just be told by somebody that you trust, this is the trade that I'm making, this is the trade. Get, get in here, get out. Like that's what you would like. I, I, I've already learned that. And so it's, it's now easier if you just tell me, Hey, this is a trade that is setting up, right?

I can glance at the chart and be like, yep, that looks right. Go, yeah. Right? Versus me having to go through a watch list and, and make, do all that analysis myself. Yeah.

See, that's another subtle thing to me where the, there's the benefit to the, the alert service over education is that an alert service has appeal to the whole market because whether you're advanced and you already know technical analysis, you already know fundamental analysis you write, it's always cool to see somebody that you trust. What trades are they recommending, what trades are they making, right? And if you're a beginner and you're intimidated by the idea of technical analysis, right? Well then the idea of somebody just telling you what trades to make without having to do any of that or learn any of that technical analysis is also appealing, right? And so you appeal to everybody in the market if you can certainly make the case that this method works and is simple to do So.

So hearing what Teddy just said and thinking about Pete's strengths and passions, I wonder if there's a blue ocean strategy play here, Todd, where one of the things he said to me and I heard from Robin is that like, part of the reason their tribe really connects is that they feel like Pete is trustworthy and he is a real person. And, and he comes and, and he, obviously he comes across it, right? He's not the slick silver, you know, silver tongue guy, and obviously he has tremendous street cred. I wonder if there's a way to do alerts, but layer on the personality and a little bit of education where it's not just like, Hey, here's the trade, go do it if you wanna become wealthy, it's more like, here's the trade by the way, I'll be hopping on a call, I'm gonna walk through why I like this trade, right? So people feel that safety and that security and you know what I'm saying?

Like maybe there's A way. Yeah. I mean, look, I, I certainly think there Basically to offer things that aren't offered with a typical alert that kind of allow us to blue ocean in a little bit. Yeah. I, I would say I don't, it's not really a blue ocean, but I would certainly say that, you know, I, I certainly think that that's essential, right?

They have to buy into the analyst, to the editor, to the expert, to um, to Pete. And so I think certainly, right? Like we need to shine a spotlight on what people love, um, uh, about Pete, I will say this, that even with the Agora Alert services, this isn't necessarily the case with everybody, but they always do give you the research. They always do give you the background. They always do give you the story.

It's not just, Yeah, I'm not saying the back. I'm saying give you the person, give you the personality and the relationship. Yeah. Not just the reality is The part I would value the most actually is the what that I do wrong feedback, right? Which you can't, to some degree has to be kind of one-on-one, but a place to be able to present, Hey, I took this trade, I got out too early, like what didn't I see?

Yeah. See, that's where you have to be. So a couple things. That's where you really have to be careful, and this is right, like Pete's gonna have to really, we're gonna have to make sure that Pete is on top of this because that, that is where you, when you get into personal advice of what you, what you should do next time, uh, do this next time, that's when you are now moving away from education into the advisory business, right? That's why, like for example, Agora, one of their policies was they would never respond to a Facebook Messenger message to somebody.

They would never have like a one-on-one conversation from the editor to, um, to an individual because giving personal financial advice crosses the line outside of education. So we need to be, you know, we're gonna need to address that with, um, with, um, with Pete. But Damien, I certainly, there's definitely an opportunity, there's definitely an opportunity and a need to do that. I, with, with Pete. The thing that I want to be sensitive to, and you know, this again, coming from personal experience, is what I want to be careful with, and this is where it's the whole, you gotta take your foot off a first to steal second, I, I just need to think this through a little bit, is that, you know, like, look, what, what has worked for Pete up to this point may, may be the thing that is holding him back from scaling the business.

Meaning that, right? The, you know, yes, he's developed a loyal, a loyal tribe, a loyal following, but is that the same methodology that's gonna get him from where he is right now to $5 million? I don't know. I don't know if Right. The thought that like all these people love him, all these people in this small world that he's got, he's got a small tribe.

And so, right. Like, I wanna be sensitive to just because that work, to build a small tribe doesn't mean that that's the right move to build a huge subscriber base and, And something, and something you need to do, Todd. And I know you, you, you sometimes check with me, you're like, I didn't want to be too hard with certain people, but you need to say directly to 'em, just to be clear. If we go the educational route, it will be a smaller market. You will work harder and you will always earn less.

Oh, I have no, right. Of course, of course. I'm gonna tell 'em that. Like, right. Like, You need to say that to him and no uncertain terms that like this is the road you're choosing.

You Right. You will always, you're gonna have more work for the rest of the life of your business and you will earn less for the left. Right. You know, and You don't never have to worry about me telling him exactly where it's at. And So, and less of an exit too, right?

So that's part of like, what does he want? Yeah. Long term. Sure. My goodness, he can't exit.

And that's the, that's the other thing, Damien, to consider what Teddy just brought up in terms of how much is the business about Pete. If the business is about Pete, that's a problem when it comes to being acquired by a big monster like an Agora company, right? That, that just won't happen or it'll happen and then Pete will now have to work for them, right? Yeah. And so that's an important distinction to make.

Yeah. Okay. Okay. Appreciate it guys. Thank you so much, man, for taking time out and jumping on with me.

Paul, I'll be in touch later today with, um, with some stuff for you and uh, and then we'll go from there. Alright? Sounds good. Alright. Thank you guys.
