---
title: "cc_2025-04-22"
date: 2025-04-22
duration: 34m
duration_seconds: 2079
vimeo_id: 1077697051
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2025-04-22

**Date:** 2025-04-22 | **Duration:** 34m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right, so it looks like it may just be you and I today, buddy. Uh, we'll see if anybody jumps on, uh, with us, Teddy or Michael or Adida or whatever. But, uh, but what I wanna do is I actually wanna look at one of our, um, pages, uh, TB Inc. Page for the dominant differentiation, um, offer. And I wanna talk about a couple things on, uh, on this page, specifically, some things that I would tweak.

And I actually sent this over to, um, to the team, to, um, to Paul. Uh, but I wanna cover it with you. And I also would love to hear from you, John, being that you're a wizard, uh, with kind of optimization, uh, what you would, what you would tweak, uh, on this page. And so, first, let's do this and let, let's just look at this page. So, a couple things with this page, to be clear, I believe, if I remember correctly, uh, I believe that I did the, I believe I did the copy for this.

I don't know if it's been changed slightly or updated, um, since I don't believe so. I believe that this is still, um, my copy with just a few additional, um, additions that have been added, uh, added to the page. So I'm gonna start with, I wanna start with what it is that I, uh, I sent over, I recorded, uh, on a video for, uh, to be changed or to be tested. And so ultimately, kind of what I'm, and you could chime in anytime you want, John. What, what I'm ultimately sharing here is kind of like a behind the scenes, a behind the scenes of when I see a page like this, what would, what, what do I say?

What do I see? What would I test, right? Like, if gun was to my head and I had to make this page work, which really, as a side note, I really believe that we should treat all of our pages and all of our marketing with that mentality of gun to the head. If we're gonna do it, we might as well do it, right? Especially with a, you know, when we're spending money on it and investing money on, uh, uh, into a campaign.

And so, uh, so the very first thing that, uh, that I said was, uh, I don't like the cover of the book, and I don't like the cover of the book because, right, to me, it does not represent what a bestselling book cover looks like. There is a certain kind of a certain expectation that we have in our, in our minds when we look at books, when it comes to, like, the legitimacy of the book versus an e cover or what we see from a marketer online. And this, to me, does not look like what you would see on the bestseller list. It does not look like what you would see on the shelf at Barnes and Noble, uh, right, or in a bookstore. And so for me, this immediately just kind of screams, um, not your typical book or not, not a book of the same quality that you would come to expect from a quote unquote legitimate book.

Now that all may be, let me, let me be crystal clear. Am I saying that, you know, that there no PDF book or digital book, or ebook, whatever you wanna call it, um, I is as good as a legitimately published book. That's not what I'm saying at all. There are a lot of legitimately, you know, published book published by a, a, a publishing house that are garbage, and there's a lot of digital books, eBooks, that are phenomenal. What I'm saying is that there's a difference in expectation, in perception.

Remember so much of marketing, so much of persuasion, so much of what it is that we do is about perception, right? One of my, one of my, you know, one of my, uh, first mentors, I would really probably say he was my first mentor from the, um, the, the guy who owned the health club company that I worked for, he would always say, perception is reality, right? Our perception is right, is our reality. And so, right to me, number one, I would go and I would find a book cover from a bestselling book, one or one or two of those, right? Like that, I like that looks, you know, like high end.

And I would model it. I'd have somebody model it, I'd have a designer model it. And so that's the first thing. And certainly in line with that, if we scroll down and you look at the, um, the bonuses, so bonus three, bonus four, bonus five, I don't need to keep going. You know exactly where I'm going with this, John.

Yeah. This is, you know, um, nuts, right? Like in, you know, and it, and it's funny because, you know, it looks like It was done a Microsoft word, and it's like, It's, it's, it, it, it may have been, you know, it may have been, and I, and I say that with, you know, with, with love and appreciation, uh, but the, the point, right? The, the fact that, right, we're even having this conversation and saying, right, it looks like it was done on my, it doesn't it, this doesn't add any value to this page. In other words, this is an important point for, for folks to get, and I'm gonna talk about this with another element on this page in just a minute.

That, you know, that things can, things can detract from the message. It's not like, right? Like, it's not like, well, this either will help or it won't hurt. It's possible that it will hurt. It's possible that you could add something to a page and have it hurt, right?

Like, and I'm gonna give you an example of this in, in, in, in just a second. Something that we thought, or the thought was that it would help and it didn't help, it actually hurt. And so you've gotta recognize that it's not either positive or neutral, that some stuff could have a negative impact. And so I always think, right? Like if I'm gonna add something, it's gotta serve a purpose.

And what's the purpose? It's to dimensionalize it, it's to create curiosity, to create interest, to create or, or demonstrate, um, value, right? And to me, this just, it, it doesn't do it. And so, right? And to me, it looks like a, uh, it looks like a word doc, that not only that was it done on a Word doc, but it looks like all I'm getting is like a Word document.

And so it takes away the, the, um, the value. And so I think it, it, like, it doesn't do any justice at all to the bonuses. 'cause the bonuses are really good. Yeah. And they're, they're fit for purpose, and they were, they were chosen for a reason, but they're not represented with the graphic here.

Correct? Well said. And so there is, um, there's that. Now, the, the next thing that I wanna point out is the testimonials. And so these were recently added, uh, and these are, these are all images.

Now, there's a couple things going on here. So, number one, uh, I, I don't like these at all. I don't, I don't like these at all, because like this, you know, I, there's, there's a few, a few reasons why I don't like this. So let's take this first, this big one over here. So, uh, um, this isn't what you typically see from a testimonial or with a testimonial.

And it's, you know, you, you can see that it's clearly set up for, um, for presentation, for impact. Like, in other words, you, this isn't how it was submitted to us, this testimonial, right? And so we took it and we cleaned it up, we polished it, we made it pretty for this page. Well, right? Then I always think, well, like, did you know, first of all, how do I know that this is legitimate?

It's, there's no picture of anybody. Um, if we polished it or made it look pretty, does that, did we cut anything out? Did we add anything to the testimonial? Um, you know, uh, and so I, I, I don't like it. The other thing is, even the testimonial itself, this approach has attracted more targeted.

And let me say this, I so appreciate every single one of these testimonials that came in, every single one of these people invested in the, the, this bundle. Every single one of these people took time to submit this, um, testimonial via a, like a feedback form. And so I appreciate all of these from a marketing perspective. I need to be strong and, and, and make this case here that this approach has attracted more targeted students and allowed me to justify premium pricing through clear differentiation in a com. In a competitive market, this is just not a good testimonial.

It's not a good testimonial because it's vague, it's general, it's, um, it's wide. There's nothing specific. And it almost feels scripted, even if it's not scripted, which right? It's not scripted. It, it, it feels like, it almost feels like, I'm not sure if this individual gave us a testimonial that they thought we, that, that they thought we would want, right?

Like, um, but it doesn't scream authentic to me. It doesn't scream authentic. It doesn't scream, um, specific. Uh, and so, right? Like to me, it's, It's certainly not, um, out of the whatever, 16, 17 testimonials that we're given, and like, I, I've seen them, it's certainly not the one that you'd be highlighting, Correct?

The way it's highlighted. That's Number one, right? That like, another thing, right? Like, that's not the one that, you know, uh, that you should be, um, highlighting. The, the other thing is, right, so, um, over here, right?

Like, um, easy to read, get insightful and complete, uh, as I'm an intellectual, uh, that used to suffer from analysis paralysis, I would say, uh, to this kind of person. Uh, but I really think it has the potential to help everyone who wants to become an entrepreneur, make sales. Why clarity, easy to read, get insightful, and complete. Again, totally love this, value, this, appreciate this. I would not use this testimonial in here.

You know, the thing to understand right? Is this, and this is an important distinction, right? That, that, um, what, what you have to see is that when, when, when you see testimonials on a webpage, right? Especially, let's say, and I don't know how many were added to this page, looks like, uh, that's five. I Think it was 17 in total.

So, well, there's five, okay? So nine, I don't know if they, he used all of them, So Maybe he did no used 13. So thir 13 on here. So, you know, look, when, when you come across a, a, a webpage and you see, um, let's say, you know, three testimonials on the page, or four testimonials on the page, so number one, what gets conveyed is that, right? This person wants to demonstrate social proof.

They wanna show results from actual users, you know, or actual customers, clients, students, whatever. Hence why they've got testimonials on this page, but they only have three or four testimonials, which means to me that, right, that they would love to be able to show more, but they don't have more. I know that they would love to be able to show more because they're showing two or three on there, right? And so it can serve as, call it reverse social proof. To me, it's an indication that, right, like that they don't have a lot of proof or they don't have a lot of good proof.

And so sometimes, right? As crazy as this may sound, I would rather have no proof than just a, a couple of little testimonials on there. Um, especially if they're, those testimonials are weak. Because the thing to understand is that, right? Like if we're, if we're showing something like this, and especially if it's in a highlighting position, like this is, well, right?

Is this the best that we've got that we're going to highlight? Like, is this the, i I know it's not, it just in general in terms of the unique mechanism, but the prospect, like is, if this is what they're highlighting, then how good could these testimonials be? How good could the results be if this is what they are showing in the featured spot especially? And so for me, it's important to understand that, um, that some of the, just because you have a testimonial doesn't mean that you should use it, right? Like, or, or a piece of feedback, like if it doesn't add to the message, uh, and it potentially can appear weak, uh, or vague or general or even potentially scripted or unrealistic, all of those things can damage the, uh, the performance of the page.

And before we even go, go on. So I pulled up the conversion rate prior to this. So the, the, I think it was two, two and a half weeks, just, I, I looked at two and a half weeks of data prior to, um, to this change. And then I looked at the, um, conversion rate, um, after this and after was 1.1% lower. And so, right?

Mm-hmm. Now, the, the, there's a lesson there. The, you know, number one lesson is right, like, first and foremost is don't add anything to the page that you're not at least tracking to confirm that it had a positive impact. Don't just assume like, well, we're gonna add testimonials. Well, how could testimonials hurt, you know, hurt the performance of a, uh, of a page?

Well, you'd be shocked. You'd be shocked. And we might not even be able to identify why people might see testimonials in some cases in certain markets and feel like we're trying hard, we're trying too hard. They might feel like, right, I don't believe those, or, I hate when they, when I see test, like, who knows why. And so this is, this is when we go back to, right, uh, let the data tell us.

And so don't make a change to a webpage that you don't, that you don't test to confirm, uh, the result that you expect from the change that you are, um, you're making. And so, 1.1% lower. So now what, what I said was, go back to strip out all of the, of the testimonials and, uh, and go back to without the, the, the, uh, the testimonials and let's see the performance. Let's see if it goes, let's see if it goes back, uh, that, okay. And so, and I think if you, if you look at, you know, you know, I, you know, if you look at some of these, you'll, you'll see there are many throughout this page that are just, uh, that are fairly weak.

And what I said, what I would do is, number one, the one that I would have up here is the biggest boldest, um, uh, outcome based or results based or impact based, um, testimonial, right? Right up here, right? We just, we made this big kind of promise, this big claim. We talked about the most powerful conversion and differentiation technique in all of direct response marketing in 2025. What I'm gonna have here is gonna be something that I feel can serve as a proof point for what it is that I just claimed, or give them some evidence, some example, don't just take my word for it.

Look at what it did for, you know, for Bob or Jane. Now the other thing is, uh, is I, what I said was to just keep cruising here is even if these were, uh, you know, even if there were pictures of these individuals, and we're gonna come back to these testimonials in just a little bit, uh, but even if there were, I Have some suggestions as well, but, uh, you roll first. Actually, no, actually fire away. No, no, no, no. You fire away, please.

You Sure? Yes, yes, yes. So the, if you scroll to the top of the page, I, these are, some of these are gonna be like sweeping small tactical things. Some of 'em are gonna be larger things to, to split test. Um, so I'll start with some of the, the smaller, smaller tactical stuff that can be implemented.

Just looking at the, um, the, the above, the full copied there, like the 98, 90 8% off discount right here, right now, only $9. Like if we're going to have this 98% off discount, like don't have people do math at what it would've cost if at full price, like just have the, what the value was. And then, so like normally whatever, 197 or whatever the discount is, and then like, but today it's $9 or whatever the case. So they can have that frame of what it be, what they're getting for. So would you put, would you do that up here, like with this 98% off discount, normally, whatever it is, normally Ill hook it off.

Yeah, I, I'd keep, keep the 98% off discount and then maybe the, instead of like the right here, right now that doesn't really serve any purpose. So you could probably have a dear normal value X today, only $9. Like it. Okay. Um, Something like that.

And then the, in terms of like the, the, this is just a minor thing and it's like, it's, it's more often than not, not a big deal, but the button color kind of blends in with the page as you're scrolling the yellows and the yellows and the yellows. So it have like a high contrast button that maybe is green, so that, like, that sticks out completely from the page. 'cause you want them to see the button as long as there's price qualification and they're not just clicking the button to get the price. So once there's price qualification, have like a high contrast button that's completely different to the page. Got it.

Um, and then like, I would agree, testimonials. I love using testimonials natively. So if, like, I get an email, I take a screenshot of the email. If I get a Facebook message, take a screenshot of the Facebook message. Now, you can't always do that, but if you can, I think that's really good.

Um, 'cause then it's like it's, it lends itself more to this is legit and un undoctored versus did they make changes to this and everything else. Now obviously you can scratch out someone's name and stuff like that, but you're not editing the testimonial. Then like the, probably the biggest change I would make is I would like test this whole page in a completely different format with like, purely, like, nearly like the format that we have for how Heaven invader finances book, where it's like, it's, it's an impulse purchase, it's $9. If they like the proposition of the, the debt copy, the headline and, and the offer that they can like purchase there and then like opt into their, if it's two step or whatever the case is. But we have above the fold ability for them to make that decision immediately and get straight from, from like the offer to order form to purchase immediately versus having to scroll all the way down.

I think that would be a really good split test. 'cause it's like we're testing something that you always say test something that screams not whispers. And a completely different page dynamic could be something there that could work really well without having to change any of the copy. Love that. Then after that, I mean the, the, the bonuses, like those bonus images, I think they're, they're, um, they do need to be changed.

Um, I was surprised that you actually said the book cover, but I, looking back at what you said, I think now that you've said it and like putting it up against bestsellers and everything else, it does, I don't think it would stack up. And I think that, yeah, we do, redoing that is a, is a fair point. But I think if the, if the bonus bonus covers were stronger, I think we could get away with the book cover as is. But like you said, like the, like, if you're gonna do it right, do it. Right.

So yeah, if it needs a new book cover, do a new book cover. And that's, um, Yeah, great, great suggestion, man. Like, I mean, you're probably right. You know, maybe, maybe it would, you know, it, the the image itself would just carry more, you know, weight. It would feel more exciting if the bonus images were, were improved.

But, uh, but no man, great. I I, I love it. I always love hearing, you know, I love hearing your, your suggestions on this because you're so in the weeds with so many different campaigns and optimizing them, and you've become such a, such a wizard, you know, wizard with that, you know, the, the, the, and so keep 'em, keep 'em coming as they pop into your, your, your head. You know, one other thing in, in my thinking, so to understand, so if you look at this, so, um, I would have one, you know, one big, you know, powerful testimonial right here, but then I wanna get into, I, I wanna get to these guys pretty quickly, right? And I wanna get to these guys pretty quickly because I think that it lends credibility to the page when we're talking about cold traffic.

So I don't want to, you know, I don't, I don't wanna be, I want to get to the credibility fairly, fairly quickly. And so, um, that's why I would only have one, right, right here, one big one. The other thing is, if you look at the way that those are laid out, like, so you've got this, you've got this, uh, kind of the, the, the top of the letter, and you've got these right here. And I think if you keep going, see, like I, I also like, like these, just like you, I like these real native, you know, um, things. I, these are the ones that I put in here.

I try to always use native when possible. It's not always possible. But the thing that I wanted to point out in here is that this first section, if you really, if you really look at this, um, so if you really look, you know, call it from here through here, if you will, this is really a kind of a mini argument for the unique mechanism, right? It's ultimately getting buy-in on the unique mechanism. It's showing that whether it's, you know, Russell, or whether it's Jay or Ryan Dice or whoever on here, Dan Kennedy, that the best of the best are talking about a unique mechanism and the value of the unique mechanism and the power of the unique mechanism and, and whatnot.

And so I'm just getting buy-in on the unique mechanism, and then it's over here that we're, uh, we're pivoting into the dominant differentiation, um, bundle. And so now if you look at this section minus a couple of these, right? There's no, uh, there's very little testimonials. And so over here is where I would take, uh, I would like take these guys, uh, and I would move them down into that section where we're now talking about the product rather than having those in there during the argument. So this is where, yeah, they're Kind of getting in the way of the argument.

They're Very much right, like very much. And that's the, that's the thing, right? That, and we've talked about this before, right? Understand that testimonials are, you know, are for the most part, they are a proof point for a claim. And so, right, like we don't wanna just willy-nilly use them throughout and just spread them throughout.

Like it depending, if you have a preponderance of testimonials and you're just using it as like, to overwhelm the prospect with so much proof, you, you can get away with you, you can get away with that more. I probably, you know, have more running down like the right hand side or something like that. But if you don't have a, this overwhelming preponderance of proof, then use it strategically. And to me, this is, it makes no sense, you know, to have these here when again, we're making the argument for, um, for the unique mechanism. And I do believe that there is tremendous value on this page, uh, in having these, right?

Like in having these quotes because it just really credentializes what it is that is that, that, uh, I'm saying, and You could probably even argue that with, with the amount of proof you have around the idea of having a unique mechanism like the, it sells the argument so well that you, you could make an argument that you don't need actual testimonials for the book because you have so much proof around the idea of having a unique mechanism. Yeah. Because like, people are gonna buy, people are gonna buy into the argument or they're not. And if they do a couple of testimonials is not what's gonna push them over the line. It's like that they bought into the argument that, that they realize they need a, a unique mechanism, they're getting that book Correct.

I I would, I would tend to agree with you. The only exception that I would say, right, is that, so there, there's a couple things on here. So number one is, you know, is I think that, you know, there's, there like, look, this is, you know, this is credentializing me. I don't, you know, I don't think I need a, you know, ma much more than, um, than this. Uh, but right, there's credentializing me, um, there's credentializing the, uh, the unique mechanism.

But then if there were testimonials that were like, my gosh, I can't believe how, you know, my first unique mechanism and, you know, our traffic costs were, you know, already, you know, half the, or our CPA is cut in half, or like, I can't believe the attention that we're getting already, like big outcome based things, results from the unique mechanism, I think are helpful. But merely just saying like, testimonials that are like, the book is clear, the book is well written, or I love learning from Todd. Like, tho those things are a very little value, and I really believe that they can actually do damage to, they can actually hurt the, um, the performance of the page. Uh, because again, it, it, it just can shift your perspective. Like, man, this, this, this person is using testimonials, so they wanna show social proof, but the social proof that they're showing is fairly weak.

And so if it's fairly weak, what does that really mean? Like, right? Like that's the kind of, you know, that's the kind of thing. And so, and look, you know, like I said, you know, the sales conversion rate is lower by 1.1% since we added these testimonials to the page. And that 1.1% has an impact on CPA, right?

Mm-hmm. And so our cost per acquisition has an, has an impact on it. And so the last thing that I wanna say is that I'll just mention is, so this is really interesting for what it's worth. So this is a, a bootcamp. Now, the funny thing is, I believe when we originally did this bootcamp, I think people paid 9 97, uh, oh oh 9 95, I'm sorry, here it is 9 95 for this.

And so we've price tested this and the thus far, the $37 price point has the highest a OV contribution. So I believe, uh, I believe, yeah, it has the highest a OV contribution, not by a whole lot. I think you're talking an additional like dollar 80 or something like that, a OV contribution if I remember correctly. But the thing that, um, I shared was that, right? Usually the, usually price is the last thing that I would split test on a, uh, on a bump.

Really what I'm gonna split test is I, I'm gonna split test, like, this to me is worthy of, of a split test right here, just this one line alone, because I don't really feel like, uh, for, I, ultimately, I would split test, I would, I would change the copy on this because I think that reframing what this is and what it will do for you, um, is can make a, a huge difference, right? So, you know, wanna see the unique mechanism in action, I'm not even really sure what that means. And, and by the way, let me just say this. I may have written this copy, I, I don't remember. I may have written this.

And so like, I, I would also add to that, Todd, by the, the wait get the complete unique mechanism workshop for just $37 to me in my, that in my mind, that suggests that what I'm getting is incomplete. Mm, Man. Yeah, that's great. That's such a great point. Um, yeah.

Wow. You know, just that, Just that word complete is like, okay, is what I'm getting incomplete? Do I like, why, why isn't this included in the main thing if it's, if it's what I really need? So like, the workshop is obviously different than the book, and it's like, it's, the workshop itself is fantastic. And like, I hope people that, that get this do get the workshop, but I think that word complete is, is, is hurting it, I'd say.

Yeah. That's a great, that's a great point, John. I, I also, I I think that this is, this is, you know, this is a multi-hour recording of a live workshop that I gave from beginning to end from A to Z on the unique mechanism, the most complete training that I've ever done on the, on the unique mechanism and right. And I just don't think that this represents the value of what this can do and, and mean for somebody. And so to me, right.

Bef rather than, you know, like I would ask myself, right? If I wanted to sell this for 97 or if I wanted to sell this for 1 97, what would I need to say here? Like, right, because I feel, I, I obviously feel it's worth 1 97 or more than that, right? Because we sold it for 9 95. Yeah.

And the people that the, the, the, the feedback that we got on it was off the charts. And so the point is, right, like this is one of those things where this goes back to what it is that we've talked about, uh, you know, so many times as it relates to ad creative and right. That like you go the distance that every word matters, every sentence matters, right? And like this, this can impact a OV, right? Like done, right?

This can impact a OV and Im these little, these little improvements here and there little improvements on this page to increase sales conversion rate, drop down CP, a little improvements on the bump, little improvements on the upsell, increase a OV before you know it, you can take a campaign that is out of KPI that's not scalable, right? To one that is scalable. And especially when you have a campaign that is doing a well, like, and is right there. And we know that as we scale the, the CPA A is going to increase and we wanna be prepared for that, or the media costs are gonna increase as we, as we, as we scale. Well, like that's, you gotta go the, um, the, the distance.

And so, yeah, that's it, man. Anything else? Even the, I would say even the, um, the, the heck yes, count me in. Like at that stage, that's the first thing you see with the bump and you, you're not sure what you're getting counted in for yet. So if you're gonna keep that copy, you could maybe add a headline above the bump.

Like, because I think the, the 9 9 7, the 9 9 5, it's, you can see it down below, but I think if, if like, like maybe lean into he more heavily into that. So like it's, instead of saying, heck yes, count me, and it might be, you know, normally 9, 9, 5 today 95 or today whatever, 37, yeah, whatever the case is, then it's like, there's, there's value to that headline that, to that copy versus just, Hey, case count me. 'cause of the, it's the first thing you've seen is that well count me for what, and then yeah, sure, you might reading it, but I think, I think that copy you could, could, there'd be, it'd be worthwhile split testing that headline there as well. I love it. Great.

Great call, man. Great stuff. Anything else that you, that you think, you know, this page is, you know, it, it, it's doing, uh, it's doing okay, like this campaign is doing okay, we wanna just continue to, you know, now we, we need to optimize it, right? We really need to, you know, we really need to optimize it. Um, I think No, that's, that's good man.

I think that, you know, yeah, I Think that's, that there's, there's more than enough there For sure, for sure. Uh, no, but I, I, I love it. That was great, man. Super helpful for, for me. I'm gonna pass all that you share.

I'm gonna pass this recording, um, along, but there you go. You know, just interesting little things to, to really think about. I think that, you know, the biggest, you know, the biggest thing to just really just the reminder, the reminder, like the thing that, you know, that I've been sharing a lot lately, right? Is every little thing matters. Every little thing counts.

Every little thing can have an impact. And you know, it's not this, it's either positive or it's neutral. Things can have a negative impact. And when you're turning dials, like little dials, right? Instead of looking for the, the next grand slam home run when you're, when you got a campaign that like is working right?

And now it's about little dials, little changes, little tweaks, little improvements here, here, here, and here, could lead to a massive, massive improvement from an economics perspective. And that's what it is that we're doing with this baby. Yeah, that's great timing as well. Good. Okay.

Awesome. And so let me stop sharing this and send you on your way, buddy. You are outta here. Appreciate the, um, the insights as always. You've become a, a wizard with this, uh, stuff.

So I love to get your, your perspective, man, your viewpoint. And, uh, I'm gonna pass it along. And so have an amazing day. And if you need anything, slack me, brother. Yeah.

And send, send me the, send me some of those videos. I will. You got, you got it. You're gonna get a good laugh, man. I will.
