---
title: "cc_ 2024-04-16"
date: 2024-04-16
duration: 40m
duration_seconds: 2454
vimeo_id: 935573219
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-04-16

**Date:** 2024-04-16 | **Duration:** 40m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

So, okay, so today it is, uh, as of right now, it's you and I adida. And so, uh, it'll be a real cool, intimate call and hopefully the entire team will be able to listen to the recording of this. I'm really gonna urge them to listen to the recording of this. So, what we're gonna be talking about, and I'll pull up the slide deck in just a second, is we're gonna be talking about campaign optimization specifically the difference between the way the pro marketer, the elite level marketer, the, the, the, the guru marketer, if you will, thinks about, uh, views and approaches optimization compared to the average. Now, this is more of a high level kind of overview, so we're not going to necessarily talk about the, um, the tactical stuff.

We're not gonna get into the weeds, the tactical weeds of campaign optimization. This is much more about the right way to be thinking about getting a working campaign. And when I say a working campaign in this, it means a campaign, really specifically a front end campaign, a campaign that is, uh, performing within KPI within your key performance indicators. In other words, it's working, it's allowing you to acquire customers at the rate that you want and the amount that you want at the, the cost and value that you ultimately want. And so, um, what I did for this, and I'm gonna share my screen so we can get into the slide deck, is I, I put together this little slide deck.

And this is really just, uh, going back and forth between the way that the average think about it's different points that I just wanna kind of unpack in terms of the way the average marketer thinks about optimization, especially the new or novice marketer, the marketer that isn't really a deep, avid student of, of direct response marketing, yet they just haven't put in the time and the way that they have typically been led to believe they should approach optimization compared to the mindset, the approach, the thinking of the pro marketer. And so we're just gonna go back and forth o over all of these points between the difference in what the average thinks and what the, um, pro thinks this is not in any particular order. So you're gonna see that some of these points kind of jump around, all of these points are valuable. Uh, and all of these points in some way, shape, or form as you're gonna see, kind of really, really tie back to the same underlying core message, which I'll sum up for you in the end. So in terms of, um, of mindset thinking, uh, approach with optimization, first thing is that the average marketer tends to think that optimization is all about getting a higher sales conversion rate and or lowering traffic costs, getting lower traffic costs.

So they tend to think, and, and I would say that the, you know, the, the overwhelming majority really tend to focus on sales conversion rate. When, when they think of optimizing a campaign, one of the things that they tend to kind of go to immediately is the copy that that, that they, they immediately kind of start to talk about the copy in the core offer. They start to talk about the headline, they talk about the lead. They might, if they're even somewhat reasonably educated, the marketing argument, they'll talk about the offer. They'll talk about things like, um, you know, they'll, they'll, they'll focus on the format of the page, the layout of the page, you know, they'll rerecord the lead.

They'll, they might go from a VSL to a long form sales letter. They're kind of all, they're doing these things in hopes of increasing their sales conversion rate. And that's where their focus mainly is with a little bit on lowering traffic costs. So for the average marketer, right? And I've had these conversations more times than I care to admit, right?

They immediately think of, I need to, I need to, uh, I need better copy for my offer to, to increase my sales conversions, and it would be great if I could lower my paid traffic costs. The difference is that the pros recognize that it's all a game of CPA and a OV, that at the end of the day, it, it always comes down to what am I paying to acquire a customer and what is that customer worth to me, period, like, right? The pros recognize that it's much more of a mathematical game than it is a marketing game. And I know that that sounds strange, right? Marketing is the, the vehicle that we use, marketing is the vehicle that we use to impact those two, those two numbers, CPA and a OV, right?

What it cost us to acquire a buyer and what that buyer is worth, right? And again, I I, you know, all of these things, everything that you're gonna hear me cover today, right? We've talked about in some shape or form, but I wanted to talk about it all in one place to really kind of solidify this mindset for you, that ultimately, at the end of the day, what it comes down to is it comes down to what we're, we're acquiring an asset. What does it cost us to acquire the asset? And what is the asset worth to us, right?

What does it put in our pocket today? What does it put in our pocket in a month? What does it put in a pocket, in our pocket in six months, et cetera. And so that right there in and of itself is a huge difference in mindset, right? And you're gonna understand why as we continue to unpack these, these points.

Next, of course, in line because of this, the average marketer tends to focus on increasing sales conversion rate of the core offer and or lowering their traffic costs. Whereas, and this is the big difference, whereas the pro is focusing, almost is focusing on a OV and LTV, and it's a right lifetime value, right? For the folks that are looking to break even on acquisition, if they're willing to go to break even on acquisition, right? They're focusing the majority on a OV. If they're willing to go negative on the front, they're certainly focusing on a OV, but they're also focusing on lifetime, lifetime value.

Because if you're willing to go negative on the front, right? It's that much more critically important that your lifetime value is high. The higher your lifetime value is of a customer, the more you can afford to spend to acquire that customer, right? We've talked about that for years and years at this point, the more that a, the, the more that a customer is worth to you, the higher the lifetime value is, right? The more you can afford to spend to acquire a customer, and the more that you can spend to acquire a customer, the easier this game becomes, right?

The easier the game becomes, the easier the game becomes, because, so that this is clear to everybody, excuse me, is because number one, we can afford to spend much higher, uh, much, uh, a much larger cost per click or cost per visitor, right? We could have a much higher CPA meaning that we can have a much lower sales conversion rate. So we might not need peak or extreme, uh, sales conversion rates, right? Because if we're willing to pay a lot more, that means we don't have to convert as many the, the, the, the cost per acquisition can be higher and we can still afford to pay it. So, right?

We can pay more per visitor, and our sales conversion rate doesn't have to be as high. I'm not saying in any way, shape or form that we don't want the highest sales conversion rate possible. Of course we do, right? But understand that the more a customer is worth, right, the easier the game becomes. I've said, I, I said many times, I, I, I first published a, you know, an, an article on this could be four years ago, five years ago at this point, that the, um, that look, the reality is, is that you could have a 10% sales conversion rate and be losing money on your campaign.

You could also have a 1% sales conversion rate and be making money hand over fist. Why? Because ultimately, sales conversion rate isn't the determining factor. CPA to a OV ratio is, right? In other words, if you have, if you have a CPA of a hundred, meaning it costs you a hundred dollars to acquire a buyer and you have an a OV of a hundred, I don't care what the sales conversion rate is, why would I care what the sales conversion rate is?

If what it costs me to acquire a buyer is exactly what that buyer is worth to me on day zero, the day that I acquire that buyer, I'm acquiring buyers for free. Whether that's a 1% sales conversion rate, 2%, half a percent, or 10%, it doesn't matter to me. It doesn't matter to me, right? Like, I don't care. And the point is, is that with the a high A OV, you could potentially have a 1% sales conversion rate, or a two, 2% sales conversion rate, or a 3% sales conversion rate and be operating at break even, or even better.

But at the same time, you could have a 10% sales conversion rate, and if your a OV isn't high enough to meet the demands of, uh, of paid media, you could be losing money. And this is why I say that the, that the pros recognize that it's a game of CPA to a OV, right? It's a game of what are you paying to get the asset and what is that asset worth to you? Not how many, you know, not your sales conversion rate, not how many deals you convert into actual purchases, right? Like that's not, no, it's what are you paying to acquire the customer and what is the, the customer worth?

And so while the average tends to focus on trying to increase sales conversion rate and or lower traffic costs, and mostly, more often than not, it's increasing sales conversion rate, right? Pros are focusing on driving up a ov and and or lifetime value. You should always be focusing on driving lifetime value. The average. They tend to think that the most important aspect of an optimized campaign is a high enough sales conversion rate.

And see, this, I just covered this, right? Like the average think they believe that in order to have an optimized, and this is an important point that I want you to ponder when we are done that the average, think you need a, a certain level of sales conversion rate in order to have an optimized campaign or in order to have a working campaign in order to have a scalable campaign, that there is a certain minimum sales conversion rate that you need to have in order to do that. But that's not true because the pros, they're not shooting for a target sales conversion rate, they're shooting for a target A OV and or LTV. If they're going negative on the front, they're shooting for a target, a OV again, like look, I wanna, I wanna make this point 'cause we're kind of going through this fairly quickly, that look things like sales conversion rate, upsell take rate, you know, bump off or take rate, you know, conversion rate, all those things, those are the vehicles that we use to impact CPA and A OV. But at the end of the day, they're not an end in itself.

They're a means to an end, right? It's, in other words, we increase sales conversion rate, we wanna increase sales conversion rate. Why do we wanna increase sales conversion rate? Because it drives down CPA, right? Like, why do we wanna decrease our traffic costs?

Because if, if our sales conversion rate holds, it drives down CPA, right? And so it, it's important to understand that a pro, because we understand, or because pros understand that the game is won or lost by the CPA to a OV ratio, right? We're not shooting for a target sales conversion rate, we're shooting for a target a OV. And you could really take that a step further and say, we're shooting for a target CPA to a OV ratio, right? Ultimately, if you wanna break, even if you wanna acquire new customers for free, that's a one-to-one ratio for every dollar you spend to acquire the the asset.

We generate a dollar back in sales ultimately, right? In this context right now on day zero. And so before I continue, does anybody have any questions about what it is that I just said here? I I don't have any questions, Todd. But, um, like, and this may be beyond the scope of what you're talking about today, but what sort of ratio of CPA to a OV do you recommend to clients who only have like a single high ticket offer, you know, like a consultant might have?

Um, so yeah, that's a tough question to answer, um, here and now. It, it's not a tough question, it's not a difficult question to answer. It's just a mathematical, it's, it's mathematical and the numbers need to be broken down. So I would ultimately, let's say, what I would do to try to give the, the shortened condensed kind of high level answer to that is, let's say that this is somewhat of an established business, meaning that they've, they've been doing this, they've been marketing this for, you know, for quite some time, and they've got data that they can use Well, uh, in terms of conversion rate, in terms of how many of those, those people on the front get on a phone call, how many of the phone calls then, uh, you know, get converted into a, into a high ticket buyer. What I would do is I would reverse engineer it.

So what I would do is I would ultimately use, I, I would ultimately look at how much more that backend increases the lifetime value of the buyer. And then I would reverse engineer how negative I'm willing to go on the front, what percentage I need to liquidate on the front in order to make my numbers work in order, in other words, in order to be able to generate a profit with that sole, with that singular backend. Does that make sense from a high level perspective? Yeah. Yeah, from a high level.

I got it. Thanks. Okay. You got it. Um, and there, you know, the, the question that I thought, you know, Michael was, was going to ask, um, was, you know, if you are going negative on the, on the front or, you know, well, The, the question that I thought Michael was gonna ask is, if you roll out a campaign with just the core offer and no other transaction maximization offers, which we're gonna talk about in just a second, what is the liquidation rate that you are shooting for, right?

Like, what, how much do you expect to liquidate with just the, the core offer? And there really is no one right answer to that. Uh, meaning like, if you roll out a core offer and you you're selling it for 50 bucks, let's say the core offer, uh, how much should you be willing to spend before you, you know, to, to acquire a buyer before you've added in your upsells, downsells, all, all that kind of stuff? And the answer varies. Uh, I would certainly say that, you know, the average individual should be looking for something in the, in the ballpark of 60% ish.

You know, give or take, you could really probably go as low as 40%. What I would say, kind of as a general, I don't wanna say rule, but as a general kind of guide, you know, your 60% of your A OV really should come from your transaction maximization offers. So in other words, 60% plus of your A OV should come from your transaction maximization, um, offers. So for example, I was talking with, um, top one client the other day. They have a $37 front end, and they have about $130 a OV.

So, right, they have a $37 core offer on the front end, and they have about $130 a OV. That means that a hundred dollars or so of that a OV is coming from the transaction maximization offers. They turned a $37 average sale into $130, um, average sale, they added a hundred dollars of value because of the transaction maximization, meaning they focused on a OV, they didn't focus on trying to increase the conversion rate on, on the, um, on the core offer. They didn't focus on, right? Trying to necessarily drive down their traffic costs, even though that's something that they, they wanna do and they should do.

And everybody should wanna, you know, uh, um, lower their traffic costs, uh, if possible they focused on a OV and when they've got a, you know, look when you've got, uh, $130 a OV on the front, right? It becomes that much easier to, to market and sell compared to if you only had a $37 a OV or 57 or 67 or 97, $130 a OV makes it that much easier, uh, from a marketing perspective. And so hopefully that, that makes sense. Next, is that the average, they tend, go ahead, Teddy. Is there any, uh, like golden ratio for that?

Like the, like what the a OV should be in proportion to the front end offer, like four to one or Three? Um, well, I, I would just think about, you know, again, from a mathematical, and I, I would wanna, you know, it's a great question. Um, 'cause I know people love benchmarks and, and whatnot. I'm gonna give you an answer in just a second. But what I would say is that, um, is that ultimately at the end of the day, to not make this super complex, right?

You, you ultimately want, right? Like, look, the higher the A OV, the easier this game is. And certainly you want your A OV to be, um, you, you want your A OV to certainly match your CPA, right? For the average individual, it's the safest way to play, right? They don't go negative.

Their bank account is the same today as it was days ago. Um, and so, you know, ultimately to keep things real simple, you wanna continue to drive your A OV up. You really wanna, you wanna drive your a OV as high as possible. That being said, there, there is a time and it goes, I don't think you were on yet, Teddy, when I said at the beginning that this goes a little bit, this goes beyond the scope of this call. But what I would say is that there, look, you know, there, I wanna be careful here.

So there are times where, so look, the, the, the number, the ratio is that, think about the, think about the front end product, right? And whatever the price point is relatively like roughly here, and we're talking typically lower priced, you know, lower priced, call it sub 97, sub $100, um, um, offers on the front, um, that, that's gonna contribute 40%, 40% to the A OV. If you find that your, your, your core offer is contributing 60, 70, 80% or more to the A OV, then that's a sign that your campaign is underoptimized, right? Because your core offer that, that just means that you either don't have enough transaction maximization offers, or the ones that you do have just aren't converting well, because the core offer in that instance is carrying the lion's share of the contribution to a OV. And the core offer shouldn't be carrying the lion's share of the a OV in lower ticket, um, lower ticket campaigns.

And so you can kind of reverse engineer into it, uh, to really kind of pick the number. That being said, what I would rather you really do is, I would rather you look at what is the cost of media and what is the CPA, and then optimize the campaign accordingly, because right, what you'll see, what you may see is that without going too deep down the rabbit hole here, is you may see that, let's say hypothetically, your cost per acquisition is, let's just say it's 150 bucks, just to use a random number here. Your cost per acquisition is $150, and your core offer is priced at 29. Well, there's a good shot that you're not gonna hit that CPA, like, you're not gonna, you're not gonna get your a OV high enough to hit that CPA when you're starting with a $29 core offer, right? So one of the very first things that you may need to do to optimize a OV is you may need to adjust the price first on the core offer, right?

And then go into the, um, the transaction maximization, you know, offers remember, like, you know, know, I've, I've said it before, I, I believe that it probably, I, I think it probably originates with, um, Dan Kennedy, if I'm not mistaken, to give credit where credit is due. You're not gonna fix bad economics with better marketing, right? And so if you've got a CPA of 150 and you're selling a $20 product, you've got a problem, right? Because the odds on you being able to add $130, uh, right now, look at, right? We, we also don't want like 90%, 80, 90% of a OV coming from, uh, or, or we don't wanna be in a position where we now have to have 80 or 90% of a OV coming from the transaction maximization offers, because that's also gonna be difficult.

You want this balance. It's why I like ultimately like a 40%, 40 ish percent, 50 ish percent, even 60 ish percent coming from the core offer, and somewhere between 40 and 60% coming from the transaction maximization offers. That's kind of the sweet spot. Does that make sense? That's awesome.

That's exactly right. Okay. Uh, okay, good. So here, you know, the average tend to have this kind of crazy right focus on campaign performance metrics. They're like perpetually looking at opt-in rate, sales conversion rate, order form, completion rate, you know, bump offer conversion rate, upsell conversion rate, et cetera.

And whereas the pros, really, they focus on campaign financial metrics. This is me just saying what it is that I've already said five times, uh, on the previous slide, a different way, right? That pros understand that like they're, they're focused on the financial metrics because the financial metrics are what determine whether a campaign is scalable or not. The performance metrics don't determine whether a campaign is scalable or not. We use those performance metrics to optimize a campaign to get the CPA and a OV to where we need it to be.

But ultimately, at the end of the day, what determines whether a campaign is scalable or not is CPA to a OV ratio, regardless of what your opt-in rate is. Sales conversion rate is order form, completion rate bump off or conversion rate, upsell conversion rate is regardless of what those numbers are, if you're at a one-to-one ratio of CPA to a OV, you have a scalable campaign period. It doesn't matter how low the opt-in rate is, or how low the sales conversion rate is, or how low the order form completion rate is, or how high the sales conversion rate, none of those things matter. Like, it doesn't matter. What matters is that you've got a CPA to a OV ratio.

That's what determines scalability. You can have a sky high opt-in rate a sky high sales conversion rate. You can have a sky high order form completion rate. You could have a sky high bump, offer an upsell conversion rate and still be losing money if you haven't priced them properly, right? Like I, if the front end, if the core offer is priced too low, if the bump offer an upseller price too low, you those things could be sky high and you can still be losing money.

What you take to the bank, right, is that difference between what you invest to get the asset and what the asset is worth. And so this is why, right? Like, you know, like you're not the sales conversion rate, and I'm, I'm going back to that one because that's the primary one that most people focus on, is not the end all be all. It's a tool to use to make CPA to a to, to a OV ratio better to get it to where we need it to be. And it's one of the tools that we use, and it's not always the tool that we, we, um, will focus on, right?

Just because you have a 2% sales conversion rate and you think I need to have a four or five or other people in my industry have a six or seven, something like that, that doesn't necessarily mean that you need to adjust that at all. Uh, uh, uh, um, in order to make the campaign work to make it scalable, that doesn't mean that you need to fix it at all to make the campaign work, right? And so you've gotta look at the financial metrics and that's where, uh, you'll learn what needs to be done. And so that's the difference between the average and the pro the average. They tend to focus on trying to increase a OV when they do try to increase a OV with one to three transaction maximization offers, right?

With typically a bump offer, an upsell and a downsell. Sometimes they might have two upsells. Sometimes I might have two upsells on a downsell, right? But ultimately, the, the focus, the focus of the pro is trying to increase a OV with as many different offers, as many different, uh, um, propositions as necessary to hit that number. That's where you might have, depending if you're, if you're running, let's say a webinar, right?

A webinar campaign, and there's a registration first, you might have an SLO on the thank you page, a self-liquidating offer to generate some money. You might have, you know, um, an upgrade offer, meaning that you might have a basic, you know, like a silver, gold platinum version, um, that somebody can take, you know, when they go over to the, um, order form a bump offer, of course, an upsell, a downsell, a second chance, you know, second chance offer sequence. Like we talk about, um, a post-sale credit offer where you go back to them, you know, 48 hours later and offer them a credit on what it is that they just purchased. If they want to upgrade, you might have an immediate backend, um, offer. In other words, the pro is looking for as many different ways to increase the monetization of the, of the new buyer as possible.

Recognizing, right? That, recognizing that it's an economic game, right? That it's not a marketing performance game. See? So what the, the average tend to do is they, they look at, they have the, let's say, the, their, their core offer and then one to three, let's say transaction maximization offers, and then they think that the game is dialing in and optimizing just those offers, whereas that may be one of the things that we do.

But the pro also recognizes that every additional point that we have to better and further and greater monetize that buyer or those buyers, right, shifts that CPA to a OV, right? There's no, like, look, you know, the bank doesn't care when you, when you go to deposit your money, they don't ask you like, how many offers did it take for you to generate this money, right? Like, they, they don't ask you, you know, like, did you have to have a second campaign to generate this, this profit, right? There's no, it doesn't make you less of a marketer to have to have a backend to, you know, an immediate backend to liquidate your, your ad costs. Like, that's just maybe the nature of what it is that you need to do in order to have a, a scalable, you know, a scalable acquisition vehicle, if you will.

It's almost why I don't even like referring to it as a scalable campaign, because you might have more than one campaign, certainly more than one offer that makes up that, um, that monetization, uh, if that makes sense. And that's why I said here, that the average, they focus on trying to make the numbers work right away with a single campaign. Whereas the pros, they're willing to have a longer timeline and use backend campaigns if necessary to make the financial numbers work. In other words, I've told the story before of, of, uh, the late Great Clayton Make piece, uh, who, uh, shared this story, uh, with me about, I think he was with Weiss Financial, and they, he had a campaign that he created, and he ended up sitting down with Martin Weiss, the owner of the company, and they looked at the numbers at 30 days, and Martin was like, you know, the campaign, it's, you know, it's, it's negative. Like, we need to stop running this campaign.

And Clayton was like, I have a fix. I can fix it. I can fix this immediately, um, if you're willing to entertain it. And Martin was like, you know, okay. And Clayton was like, um, here, here's the fix.

He's like, look at the numbers at 60 days, and right at 60 days, they were profitable. And so, right, a longer timeline. And so pros tend to have a longer timeline, assuming that the, the lifetime value is there, that there, there's a backend process, there's a, a monetization process beyond acquisition, right? They have a, a longer timeline. And right, what Clayton was ultimately saying was that, while I know that right at 60 days we're profitable because we have another campaign, a backend campaign that follows up that acquisition campaign that is liquidating well, that's performing well, and therefore that made up the difference.

And then some. And so this is, right, this is all why I say that. If you merely look at the performance metrics of a campaign, um, or you're very shortsighted in how you look at the economics of a campaign, you could pull the trigger on something that is really working if you just gave it a little bit more time, who cares if it takes a front end and a back end to get you to profitable, right? We may wish that we were at, you know, we, we had just a front end campaign that was profitable, but who cares if you're at, if you have a front end and a backend, and that gets you to, to profitability, assuming that you've got more backends and more offers to put out in front of these people, which we've talked about this many times before. The backend is the business, the front end is just there for acquisition, then who cares, right?

There's, this is where you've gotta stop thinking in like a marketer, and you've gotta think in terms of economics, financials investing, right? Which brings me really, you know, to the next couple here, well, before I go on any questions about this or anything that anybody would add to this? No. Good. The next is, um, is that the average marketers are very much caught up in how their, how well their marketing performs.

And what I mean by this is how well the opt-in rate is how well, you know, how high the opt-in rate is, how high the sales conversion rate is, how high the order form completion rate is, how high the bump offer take rate is. All, all of those things. And again, I want you to understand, I'm in no way, shape or form saying that those things aren't valuable. That those things aren't important. But the difference is that the pros, they care much more, they care most about how well their campaign financial metrics perform.

So in other words, right? I don't care, like I've said, I've said it before, you've heard me say it many times in the past. I don't care about the performance metrics. If I'm acquiring buyers for free, I don't care. Like, I don't care how low the sales conversion rate is.

In other words, it, right? We, we could all agree that, right? If we're acquiring buyers, let's say for free, or let's just say for the heck of it, to satisfy the, uh, the naysayers of break even on the front, that we're a little bit profitable, that for every dollar we spend, we make back, you know, a buck 25, right? So we spend a hundred and, you know, we spend a hundred dollars, we make back 125, we spend a thousand, right? We, you know, you get the point, right, that we're profitable on the, on the front.

Uh, well, do you care if you have a 1% sales conversion rate, or really what I should say is, does that 1% sales conversion rate make that campaign no longer scalable? Of course not, right? It of course not, right? It doesn't, it doesn't make that that campaign scalable, right? Or, or it doesn't make it not scalable, right?

The campaign is scalable. Why not because of the, the, the performance metric, not because of the sales conversion rate, right? In spite of the sales conversion rate, it's still scalable. Why? Because what determines whether it's scalable is CPA to a OV ratio, period, period.

That's what makes it scalable. Not the order form completion rate, not the upsell, uh, conversion rate, not the bump offer conversion rate. And so, right? It's just like, look, if you had a sales conversion rate that was 8% on the front end from cold traffic, and it costs you a hundred dollars to acquire a buyer, and that buyer was worth $30 to you, does that, right? So it costs you a hundred dollars to acquire a buyer, and that buyer is worth $30 to you, right?

Does, does the 8% sales conversion rate make the campaign scalable? No, not necessarily, right? Like, no, not necessarily, right? Like the only way that that would be scalable is if we had a backend that we followed it up with pretty quickly and that, you know, uh, monetized enough to make up that 70% deficit on the front end and then some potentially, right? And so the point is, is that right?

Is that the average are so caught up in those numbers and almost treat the numbers as an ends to, to themselves when we, the pro recognizes that those numbers are a means to an end, and what they focus on and care most about are the financial metrics, the performance of the campaign spec, most specifically CPA to a, you know, to a OV ratio. And I would add for the really astute savvy marketers, it's the CPA to a OV ratio and lifetime value, right? Because ultimately, if we're only selling something to somebody, one, the reason why I say and lifetime value is because if we're only selling something to somebody one time and they're not gonna buy from us again, well then ultimately we don't want a one-to-one ratio, right? Of CPA to a OV. 'cause that would just mean that we don't generate any profit from the business.

Everything we spend, we make back, right? There's no profit in the business if all we sold is one thing to, to each person one time. Um, but the point is, is that the campaign financial metrics are most, IM important, the average, they think like a marketer, right? And that this is an extension of what I wrote here, and the, the pro thinks like an investor, and that's the, that's the difference, right? All this is summed up there that the, the average is thinking like a marketer and the pro is thinking like an investor, you know, the, the, um, the average is so focused on, right?

Like sales conversion rate, which is all about lowering CPA and the investor or the pro is so focused on increasing the value of the asset they're acquiring, right? Like, you know, like I've al I I've said before in other trainings that we've done, I've said before like, look, you know, when you increase sales conversion rate, you decrease CPA, right? There's only, there's a limit to how much you can decrease CPA, right? You're never gonna decrease CPA down to zero. Like, right?

That you're like, meaning you're never gonna, there's always gonna be a cost, right? You're never gonna decrease it down to zero, right? There's a limit to how much you can decrease, um, your CPA, but there's no limit to how high you can drive the value of a buyer, right? There's no limit to that there, right? That's, there's unlimited upside.

Certainly on the lifetime value side, there's virtually unlimited upside. And so the average is focused on driving down CPA through an increased sales conversion rate. And the pro recognizes, I like, you know what, if I can acquire buyers, like I, I've said this to myself for many, many years. If I could acquire buyers with a 1% sales conversion rate and have, and, and be break even on the front, I could hire Schmos to write the copy for us and we could be all right. You know what I mean?

Like the lower the sales conversion rate I can get away with, the easier it is, the higher the sales conversion rate has to be, the more, uh, uh, the savvier the marketer copywriter needs to be creating those campaigns, right? But if I could have a 1%, three quarters of a percent sales conversion rate and still be able to break even, because I've got such a high a OV and or a high lifetime value, the game is just infinitely easier. And this is the mindset, the approach, the psychology that the best marketers, the best direct response marketers on the planet operate with. They understand that this is an economic game, a financial game. They understand that this is a game of increasing the value of a customer, um, to compensate for any increases in traffic costs, for any decreases in, um, opt-in rates for any decreases in sales conversion rates, right?

You have to understand, you have to recognize this, that in every marketplace, right? We know that, 'cause we've talked about this before in every marketplace, marketplaces typically that are valuable to be in, to operate within, they get more competitive, they get more saturated, and as they get more competitive and more saturated, what happens? They tend to drive media costs higher. Also, opt-in rates, response rates, if you will, opt-in rates. Sales conversion rates tend to go lower, not higher, right?

They tend to go lower. So when media costs are going up and your opt-in rates tend to go down and your, uh, your, um, sales conversion rates tend to, you know, tend to go down, right? What ends up happening, your CPA ends up getting higher and higher and higher. How do you compensate for that with a higher A OV with a higher A OV? And this is why the last point, and then I'll open it to you guys for any, any questions or any comments.

This is why I always tell, I always tell our clients when they're rolling out a new campaign, um, to paid media, and they're like, look, we're, we're, we're at a sweet spot right now. Well, they'll say like, look, we're, we're, we're, you know, we're, we're slightly profitable or we're one-to-one CPA to a OV, right? I, uh, on the front, I always say, you need to work on the A OV because when you expand the audience and you go wider with your paid traffic, when you increase your budget, your CPA is going to go up. And so, right? How do you compensate for that?

You're not gonna, right? Like, look, think about the, think about this for one second. The, the, as they go wider in their audience, as they increase their budget, the, the algorithms tend to go wider in who they're showing ads to. When you go wider in who you're showing ads to, typically CTR on those ads go down, right? Um, opt-in rates go down, sales conversion rates go down.

And that's what drives up the CPA. It's a mistake to think that, well, I'll compensate by increasing my sales conversion rate with this now wider audience than I even than I, than I had at the beginning when I started. No, that's not how you're gonna overcome that issue. You're gonna overcome that issue by increasing a OV and or lifetime value. And we've talked about this many, many, many times.

This is what I, I just want you to recognize that that's the game because you're an investor and you're investing in the acquisition of assets. And the more those assets are worth to you, the easier it is to acquire those assets. The easier it is to deal with in, you know, uh, uh, increases in costs, uh, the easier it is to deal with decreases in, um, conversions and, and, and opt-ins, um, and all that. And so that's the difference. Any questions from anybody?

No. Michael, you're good. Adida, you're good. Teddy, you good? I'm good.

I'm assuming that, did I, did I scare you guys or you guys just, this makes sense. Was I clear on this or are you guys like, what the heck is Todd talking about? Makes sense. Nobody on here makes sense. Very good.

Makes sense. Like the point about the reminder about being the investor and investor, so that's really cool. Yeah. Good, good, good, good. Teddy, you good?

Good. Okay. Awesome. That's all she wrote. You guys are outta here.

Love it. Appreciate you hanging out with me today, and I will see you guys next week. I'll share these slides in the, um, in the Slack channel. And so everybody have an amazing day. Take care.

Be well, thanks. Thought Thanks Todd. You got it.
