---
title: "cc_2023-12-05"
date: 2023-12-05
duration: 35m
duration_seconds: 2135
vimeo_id: 891568323
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-12-05

**Date:** 2023-12-05 | **Duration:** 35m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Recording. All right. So as I mentioned in, um, in Slack, what we're gonna talk about today are, uh, is the idea of emotional appeals. And really kind of to give some additional context, it is how do we use different emotional appeals in our headlines, or how do we change the headline, or how do we adapt the headline based on the right emotional appeal? And so I wanna go ahead and I wanna share my screen.

And I think that this is a pretty straightforward, this certainly for, for you guys and, and gals. Uh, this is a pretty straightforward topic, but I, I felt like it was worthy of us covering again, because I think it's something that, um, we don't talk about enough. Uh, I, I think that it's a topic that's not talked about enough, and ultimately it is using the right headline to tap into the right emotional appeal, or really what I should say, probably a better way for me to kind of structure this was choosing the right emotional appeal to have the right headline. And so I wanna start with the, um, this, which, you know, I, I first learned this from Clayton make piece, the idea of the dominant resident emotion and the dominant resident emotion, right? Is once again, another idea that brings us back to our prospects.

When it comes to all marketing, when it comes to all marketing campaigns, when it comes to all copy, when it comes to all promises, when it comes to all benefit statements, when it comes to right covering objections, when it comes to all of those things, everything must always begin with the prospect, right? With what we understand about the prospect. Ultimately, at the end of the day, it is, what does the prospect want? What does the prospect care about? What is the prospect interested in?

What does the prospect believe? And ultimately, right, what is the prospect feeling when they are coming into our, um, our campaign? Right? We, we know that we're not dealing with a blank canvas. You know, I think a lot of times, and this is an important little kind of subtle point, uh, subtle reminder, but I think that a lot of times the mistake that some marketers make, some entrepreneurs make some copywriters even make, is they begin writing their copy.

They begin working on copy as if they're starting with a blank canvas, meaning a, a as if the prospect that they're dealing with is starting from, you know, square one. They're on a, on a scale of one to 10, they're at a, you know, a zero, they're blank. They have no experiences, they've got no prior feelings, they've got no prior exposure to, um, to marketing, to promises. They've got no ill feelings, right? They like, they're, they're a blank canvas.

And the reality is, we know that they're not a blank canvas. That people have beliefs coming in, beliefs about our type of product, potentially belief about our category of, of, of products, potentially beliefs about us, the type of vendor we are. Like when people have beliefs, pre-established beliefs, right or wrong about attorneys, let's just say, um, uh, we know that they have coming in, they have desires, they have feelings, they have emotions as it relates to their problem, as it relates to the solutions, as it relates to their situation, right? That they're not a blank canvas. And so one of the things that Clayton really kind of drilled into me very early on was this idea of really understanding the dominant resident emotion.

And this is just really a fancy way of, of saying, well, Michael, how would you define the dominant resident emotion? How would you describe it or define it? Uh, well, I, I guess maybe depending on what the problem is or, or what their issue is, the what most of the people in the market, how they feel about that. Okay. It's a great way to, that's, you're, you're absolutely right.

I mean, I, you know, I would, I think that you're, the way that you just defined it is probably a bit more accurate even than the way that I talk about it. I tend to really just talk about the dominant resident emotion is what is the core driving emotion that the prospect has related to the problem that we're ultimately about to try to solve for them, right? What is that primary emotion that they have? Is it, are they coming in? And this is an important thing to really, to really grasp, right?

It's an important thing to grasp. Clayton talked about the value of understanding the dominant resident emotion of your prospect to understand what is that primary feeling, the, the, the big driving feeling or big driving emotion that they, that they have, knowing that, right? That there are, there's lots of gray areas and emotions. People can hold multiple emotions simultaneously. But what is the overarching, uh, emotion or feeling that they have regarding their problem, regarding their situation or circumstance that we're ultimately about to address in our, in our, um, in our marketing campaign?

This is important, right? For so many reasons. Number one, it's important to really understand the psychology of the individual that we're talking to, right? We know that direct response is all about psychology, communication, and math. It all begins with the psychology of the prospect.

We don't know what to communicate or how to communicate it until we understand the psychology of our audience. And, um, and so we have to understand our audience. It's also valuable, like from a Jean Schwartz perspective, because what, what Jean talked about, which is somewhat similar to what Clayton is talking about here, is the idea of starting where your prospect is, right? It's kind of Robert Collier, um, talked about in the Robert Collier letter book, right? Entering into the conversation in the mind of the prospect, you could say that that's also tapping into the existing emotion that the prospect is feeling as a byproduct of the conversation that's going on in their head.

And so all three of those direct response powerhouses, Clayton, Eugene Schwartz, and Robert Collier are all talking ultimately about the same thing, beginning, where your prospect is emotionally understanding what it is that they're feeling and tapping into, um, and tapping into that. And so, right, so a and the reason why I'm bringing this up here before we get into the different headlines, different emotional appeals, which is gonna be, should be, you know, very straightforward, is that what the mistake, and this is probably the big takeaway from this entire training, there's one primary takeaway really from this entire training today, and that's this, that I don't think enough marketers, copywriters, entrepreneurs, think about the dominant resident emotion when they are crafting headlines. I think that, or when they're, they're crafting even their, their lead, what they're really just thinking about is, is let me write the most appealing, you know, um, piece of copy, whatever that means. Let me write the most appealing headline or craft the most, uh, appealing or compelling headline that I possibly can. And they neglect to really take into account what is that dominant emotion?

Is the market fearful right now? Is the market greedy? Is the market moved more by, um, envy, right? Um, is the market moved more by security, right? And, and obviously, excuse me, different markets, different problems at different times, have the majority have a different dominant emotion dominant resident emotion.

The dominant resident emotion today might not be the dominant resident emotion in six months. A great example, uh, of this or, or, or really of, uh, the, the marketplace that I think best represents this is the financial market, right? Because the financial market, when there is, you know, um, some crazy announcement, you know, in the, in the news when there's obviously talks of recession, when there's a huge banking scandal or whatnot, the dominant resident of motion can very quickly shift in the market and what they're feeling, right? Um, coming into the marketing campaign can be wildly different today than it was just a month ago, when, you know, depending on who it in the United States, who's elected president, that can radically shift the dominant resident emotion. And so you really need to understand that that is the financial space, I think is the best representative of how the dominant resident emotion can shift.

It's also the most extreme because the dominant re like, they can go from greedy to fearful like that, or fearful to greedy like that, right? And so what was once a, an appealing headline because of how it tapped into the right emotional appeal appeal a month ago might drop, you know, be, be dead in the water today based on that change in dominant resident emotion. And so, does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah, absolutely.

Do you have, do you have anything that, do you have anything that you would add to that, Michael, before we just go to some examples? Um, no, not really. In my head, I'm thinking a lot smaller niches than finance. So there, it's a little harder to uncover the dominant resonant emotion, I think sometimes. Yeah, I, well, I, I think, look, I, I certainly think that, um, it, it, it is more difficult in some markets to really understand, you know, what the dominant resident emotion is, like to name it.

It's this one thing. I, and I think that this is where this is, this is kind of a, maybe a great side point that your point kind of brings us to, which is, you know, I, I think that a lot of marketers also get hung up in like, I'm not sure if, if this is, you know, if this, if I would label this as, you know, frustrated, or if I would label this as disappointed and they're getting caught up in these very black and white descriptive terms for the emotion when, for me, right? If it's disappointed or frustrated or somewhere in that realm, I would, I would say I would put that more in the negative category rather than the positive category, right? Uh, in other words, right, that there is some, they're upset about something, they're disappointed with something, there's a level of frustration, there's a level, maybe a little bit a level of angst in there, right? It falls on that side.

It's kind of like, look, you know, in some niches or some markets, uh, you know, a little bit of this is, I don't wanna say I I'll say common sense. Like let's say somebody that is, you know, um, somebody that let's say was just diagnosed with, you know, cardiovascular disease, well, we know that that, right, the dominant resident emotion is gonna be some form of fear, right? Some form of fear, doesn't they, they might all, they might, they might have some disappointment, disappointment, disappointment in themselves, disappointment in their genetics, disappointment, excuse me, that they didn't take care of themselves, might be some frustration in there, because this is one of a number of different health conditions that they now have to have to deal with, um, right? But it's, we know that they're not, they're not gonna be moved by envy. They're not gonna be moved by the desire for belonging, let's say, right?

Um, we know that they're not gonna be moved by jealousy, like, right? Like, that's not the primary driver in that, in that, in that situation. We know that it's more on the negative side, the fear side, the angst side, the disappointment, right? The, I don't know what the future is, you know, am I gonna be okay? How's this gonna impact my family?

All of those sorts of things. And this is also where, just as a side note, we talked a handful of weeks ago about, uh, about, um, some of the stuff that was discussed at the, um, copy legends, lock-in. And I wanna go back to one of the things that when, when we were talking during the research phase, uh, or about the research process, um, it was Chris Haddad who is really known for his kind of punch in the gut approach to copy his really high emotional appeal copy that he really just went on and on about the, the need. And, and a lot of copywriters also jumped in on this to, to kind of echo what he said, the need to be able to empathize with people, right? Um, the, the, and, and Brian Keith Voyles, who's unfortunately no longer with us, great, great copywriter from back in the day, he used to talk about you have to be able to walk a mile in their shoes.

You have to be able to see the world through their eyes. You have to be able to kind of see the world, hear the world, smell the world, touch the world, experience the world through their eyes. Well, if we go back to the person who was just, let's say, uh, uh, God forbid, diagnosed with cardiovascular disease, well, if we step into their shoes and we imagine ourselves just getting that, that news or that diagnosis, how does that make us feel? What are some of the concerns that we start to have? What are some of the emotions that we would have, right?

And that's gonna, that's going to kind of, you know, show, uh, or help us to see and understand a bit more about the overarching category of the dominant resident emotion. So for me, I just wanna echo this 0.1 more time that it's far less about me naming the exact, like, I, I would never have, you know, an, an, an argument with, you know, with somebody on our team about, is it, you know, disappointment or is it frustration, right? Like, is it right? Like, because I don't believe that that emotions are that black and white. I believe that it, uh, there's tons of gray areas.

What I wanna recognize is that this is kind of a negative, this is a fear-based, right? Um, so whether they're fearful, whether they're terrified, whether they're disappointed, frustrated, whether there's angst in there, whether they've got anxiety, that, to me, all falls under kind of one general category. And so does that help a, a bit or make sense a bit more? Yeah, absolutely. Yes.

Thanks, o Okay. You got it. Um, and so, uh, the, you know, the other thing I, I think that, that I would say is that there are, are, are most certainly markets, and this is, this is important. I wanna be careful that we don't go down a crazy rabbit hole here before we get to these examples. But there are also markets like, look, we need to be real that in different markets, we're also gonna find different segments of prospects, right?

And we talked about this also I think many weeks ago, where even if you look at, let's say, for example, the online marketing world, the online marketing space, for example, well, you're certainly gonna find people at different levels. You're gonna find people that are just starting out. And maybe those people that are just starting out, maybe they're, that segment of the market might be experiencing overwhelm and info overload and not know where to begin, and there's an intimidation factor there for them. Whereas, let's say people at the other end of the spectrum, the more advanced marketers might not be feeling any of those things, they might have a totally different dominant resident emotion. So this is why you really have to get clear on who you are talking to, what segment of the market, right?

Um, sometimes in the financial world, right, like as an example in the financial world, you know that the majority of people are fearful. They're, they're afraid they're gonna lose money, whether they're a new investor, whether they're a, a veteran investor. But then there are other markets where you could have vastly different dominant resident emotions in different segments of the market. This is why it's so critical that you understand and get clarity on who exactly are you speaking to? How narrow is the segment within the market, and what is the dominant resident emotion of that o of that segment in the market.

With that being said, I just want to go through some examples. And I chose to, to, to use, um, some, um, like financial, um, examples, uh, of different headlines that have different emotional appeals. Now, I wanna give a little kind of disclaimer here. These headlines are not necessarily good headlines at all. I just wrote these very quickly as, um, as as extreme examples, if you, if you will, of different emotional peel appeals in different headlines.

So when we're looking at these, look at these through the lens of what is the emotional appeal that this headline is tapping into? Not, does this meet the fours? Is this a quality headline? 'cause none of these were written to meet the four yous or anything like that. They were written to highlight different emotional appeals.

So let's look at this. Let's look at the first example here. How to prevent your retirement portfolio from being slaughtered during the impending Q1, 2024 recession. So what would you say is the dominant resident emotion here? And, and we could even go with, you know, category of dominant resident emotion.

What would you say it is here? Uh, Probably fear. Yeah, right? Like it's fear. Why?

Because we're talking about how to prevent your retirement portfolio from being slaughtered, right? Like with this impending recession, right? And so it's more fear-based. It's people that this is going to appeal to. The people that are concerned with.

Are they gonna lose money? Is the retirement portfolio gonna shrink? Is it gonna get hammered, um, during the, you know, if, if there was an impending recession? This is just an example of tapping into that fear that the market is having. Now, look, right, if there is no fear of a recession, if there, if that's not part of the conversation already going on in their mind, right?

If they don't believe that there is an impending recession, then right? Then this is totally off the mark because we're trying to tap into, um, an emotion that they're not having because they're not even thinking about a recession. So you see how, right, this goes back to understanding the market. It's not about what we like, it's not about what we think is compelling. It's not about, ultimately, it's not even about what we want to say.

It's about what they need to hear, what they want to hear, what they need to hear, right? So it's not about what we wanna say. It's about what they need to hear. And so, um, so fear-based, how about this, how to finally beat the Wall Street hedge fund managers by pro profiting from their winning trades before they do? What would you say is this, this emotion is playing off of, uh, That's more greed based?

Yeah, I mean, I, I would say it's, it's certainly, you know, I would say it's, it's more greed based, right? You could say that this is tapping into the feeling of I'm sick and tired of, you know, the, the Wall Street elites, you know, getting over on me. I'm sick and tired of, right? Being a small fish in a big pond, right? I'm, I'm, uh, being a, a minnow swimming with sharks.

I'm sick and tired of getting the scraps left over by these, these folks. I'm sick and tired of being on the outside kind of thing, right? And so, see how this is, right? You could almost go as far as to say, I can't even label the specific emotion that, that, that this is appealing to. But if I knew that this is how the segment of the market that I'm talking to feels that they're always getting the scraps from Wall Street and that wall, the game on Wall Street is rigged against them, right?

And that they're always, you know, they're always a little bit late to the party because of the advantage that, you know, hedge fund managers or insiders, whatever, have, well, then this is gonna tap into that. This is gonna tap into a bit of that greed. This is gonna tap into a bit of that kind of revenge striking out, rising up, finally being on the inside kind of thing, right? So, see how I might not be able to label the emotion, but if I'm in tune enough with the marketplace to understand that they feel like they're, they're, they're a minnow swimming with sharks, and they would love to finally be a shark or, or kill the sharks, right? Then this is a great way to tap into that bank a cool 5,000 every week with what, with just one trade every seven days.

I would say that this is just a pure greed play, right? You could see there's not, there's not a whole lot going on here, right? There's not, you know, you're not, there's no e exclusivity, there's no fear based here, right? There's no disappointment, there's no frustration, there's no struggle, there's, there's no envy, there's none of that, right? This is just a pure greed play, tired of being on the losing side of most trades.

While there are other traders banking profits every week, what would you, how would you categorize this? Well, that's kind of a frustration, sort of Yeah. Pain based one, right? Exactly. Right.

Like, you know, frus frustrated, you know, disappointed, right? Like, why am I constantly losing money when there are other people making money? You see this sometimes, right? You, you see this leveraged even in the online marketing space, like right? Sick of hearing about all these coaches, you know, making, you know, having a hundred thousand dollars months while you're, you're barely scraping by at three grand or whatever.

Like, right? It's that same appeal of I finally wanna be a winner. I finally wanna be on the winning side. I'm so sick of being on the losing side. I'm so sick of struggling.

I'm so sick of losing out. What do they know that I don't know? How do I get over there and finally join them? Right? That's the, you know, being part of the, in-crowd, being part of this elite crew over here and all of the, IM, all of the emotional implications that come with that, right?

But you can see, right, we're all of these, right, are talking about obviously the same general topic of trading being successful, you know, uh, um, as a trader. Um, but you could see that the one right before it is just a pure greed play. This one has a different emotional appeal right now. Like, look, if you're talking to people that aren't losing, aren't losing, uh, traitors, uh, then this is gonna be off the mark, right? Like, this is why you have to know who you are talking to, and you have to know what it is that they feel.

See, I, I think, you know, it's interesting, you know, Michael, I, I, I think, you know, I think the web analysis is one of the most valuable tools when it comes to research. I really do. Especially when, you know, when we help clients and students and, and, and folks really dig into it and really go deep in the web analysis. Like, what do these people really want? And, and, you know, all the stuff that we teach as part of E five, but I think that often, I think that the, I think the novice marketers really just do the w they really just focus on the w and they don't focus on the, you know, the emotions, um, the feelings.

And they don't take into account the beliefs, because I think that a lot of folks don't know how to use the emotions and or beliefs to better construct copy, right? And so I think that they, they, they'll, they'll do a w analysis rather than a web analysis. To me, understanding the emotions is equally as important, if not more important as is understanding what they want. You certainly need to know what your prospects want, what the outcome is that they want, what they don't want to experience anymore, the pains, the disappointments, the struggles that they want to get rid of, right? All the positive things that they wanna experience.

We certainly wanna try to understand why they want those things and what would change for them, and all the implications of that. But we also wanna understand how they feel right now about their current situation, about their current problem, about the current solutions out there, about what they've tried in the past, right? Uh, and ultimately how they wanna feel. And of course, I would certainly say that again, equally as valuable is understanding what beliefs they have, um, as it relates to their problem, the marketplace, other solutions, our type of solution and so on, right? Like, how do you have a full psychological profile of your prospect if you don't understand their wants, emotions and beliefs?

And remember, like we said so many times, direct response is all about psychology, communication, and math. The math comes later, right? We know the math, the arithmetic comes later. We talked a bit about the arithmetic in last week's, um, training call. But like before you know what you, what to communicate and how to communicate, you've gotta have that full psychological profile.

And to me, that certainly includes, wants, uh, emotions and, um, and beliefs. Uh, imagine making just four trades and profiting enough to pay for your children to attend any college of their choice. What would you say this emotion is? Well, this was, this is positive. This is a positive emotion.

Yeah. Um, which one? Um, I, I wouldn't say greed, um, but I would say that you're, I would say that you're heading in the right direction, for sure. Yeah, it's certainly a positive one. I think that there's some element of, um, of pride of, you know, yeah, of pride, right?

Of, of pride, of the thought of being able to send the my kids to any, right? Like the thought of being able to be that kind of provider for my kids, the thought of being able to give them that sort of opportunity, the thought of how that's gonna look to my spouse. I'm gonna feel like the ultimate, you know, provider, um, for my kids, I'm gonna be able to give my kids a better life, right? That's, you know, you, you could say that this in some way, you know, falls under security, like, right? And for, for my kids, right?

And so you see how this is a wildly different emotion than let's say, how to finally beat the Wall Street hedge fund managers by profiting from their winning trades before they do how to beat the Wall Street fund managers. That's more of like a revenge. I'm getting back at them. I hate those sobs, right? I finally wanna, you know, like I finally wanna get over on them, enough of me being the victim now, I'm gonna make them the victim while I get rich off of their plays.

This is more a pride thing. This is more, right? A security thing for my kids. This is more about feeling great, like a, uh, like a, a, a great provider, like I said. Yeah.

I I would, I would point out one thing about that. Sure. Um, and that is you don't actually call out the emotion. You know what I'm saying? Yes.

That, that would, that would be a big mistake. It's so much better to show instead of tell, you know, Well said, well said. I think that's also the difference between, you know, it, it's, it's very similar to, and it's not always easy, right? Even it's, it's not, it's really not a, not, not even always easy for me to do. Um, uh, but I would say, right, like, just like when it comes to a, um, a fiction author that, you know, a good, you know, uh, an amateur is doing exactly what it is that you were saying, they are telling, right?

The Bob walked in and Bob was mad, you know, or Bob was p****d. Versus a good, a good writer will be able to show you without having to tell you, right? That, you know, Bob kicked open the door and slammed down his briefcase, right? Like, um, you know, red in, uh, you know, red in the face, you know, uh, walked across the room, didn't even say hello to his wife and kids. Well, you know, you get an idea of the emotion that Bob's experiencing because you were shown rather than told the right, the, the emotion.

And I think that when it comes to stimulating emotions and copy, it's that much more important that it's not tr transparently done or explicitly done, like by saying, um, you know, saying it. And so that's a great point, Michael. Um, so the last one here on this is legal insider trading your chance to finally get the inside scoop on the same trades the top traders are making every week. This one is another one of those, you know, like I finally wanna be, um, in the group, right on the inside, you could say that this is certainly a little bit of greed, right? Like, it's a, it's certainly a greed play, obviously.

Um, but it is, it is ba it is greed that's based on wanting to finally be on the inside, have the insider information be part of that, the the winning group, be part of the privileged group, um, and so on, right? And so if you look at these, right, these are, you know, in, in most of these, most of these, uh, cases right here, these are different emotions that you're tapping into. These are different emotional appeals that you're tapping into. While we are talking about the same exact topic, right, while we're talking about ultimately the, the outcome is making more money from your trades, but we're leveraging different emotions here. And what I would say is what a, again, to kind of paint the mistake and then show the right approach, what a lot of marketers will do is they'll end up writing out of, you know, a whole handful of potential headlines to use.

And some of those headlines might appeal to one emotion. Some of those headlines might appeal to a different emotion, and there's really no rhyme or reason to the emotional appeal, right? They're just writing out different headlines, maybe based on formulas and so on. And they're not really in tune with what is the emotional appeal that I wanna tap into based on what I understand about the dominant resident emotion of who I'm talking to. And that's what you wanna do.

You wanna start before you write your, your headlines out by understanding what is the dominant, uh, resident emotion that you wanna tap into. What's the feeling that they have that we want to leverage? What's the emotion that they're feeling right now that we want to leverage in our headline? Now, I wanna end with, um, kind of a, a, a version of this. And I only have one example here, and it's, it's an even worse example than the ones I just showed you.

Um, but, you know, sometimes, you know, you can do this with kind of a two-part, a two-part headline, where it's what are they feeling now and what are they ultimately wanna feel, right? Like, what are they experiencing now and terms of the emotion and what do they wanna experience in terms of the emotion? So like, you know, saddened by how stiff a, uh, saddened by how your stiff, achy low back is keeping you from fully enjoying your life. Finally, experience the joy and comfort of having a fresh, revitalized low back without any discomfort or tightness. This is right.

It's, it's, you know, it's not, not a great headline by any stretch of the imagination, but you can see that it's the before the feeling now saddened by how your stiff low back is keeping you from fully enjoying your life. And the wanna feel, finally experience the joint comfort of having a fresh, revitalized low back without any discomfort or tightness. And so, the point in this, you know, the point in all of this, this example and the prior examples, is just really to show that you, you can have, you can talk about the same topic in a variety of different ways that have a variety of different emotional appeals. And the key is you don't wanna let that happen haphazardly. You wanna be in tune with what the market wants.

I think this is really where Michael, uh, and the rest of the team folks listening to this on the recording, the, the, the, the thing to really understand is that oftentimes when a piece of copy, when a promotion doesn't, um, resonate with people, like, when you see the bounce rate, like is, is high, like, or when people aren't even engaging, you know, the, the click through rate on an ad is very low. It's ultimately because the underlying emotional appeal is off the mark. Something is just off the mark. You're, you haven't nailed what it is that the market is thinking, experiencing, right? What's top of mind for them?

Like, that's the whole thing, man. The whole thing is always, to me, it's always so much about really understanding the market and understanding what they're thinking, understanding the internal dialogue that they're having, understanding the conversation that they're having in their mind, specifically in this context about the problem that they have, that we're gonna solve about the different solutions that are out there, about ultimately what they wish they were experiencing instead of what they are experiencing as it relates to the problem. And really being in tune with that and knowing that that changes and it shifts over time as the marketplace evolves, as the marketplace is exposed to more marketing, as different solutions are rolled out, um, as right as their journey progresses. Those things change over time. And that's why I've always said that one of the most important things for us to continue to do is keep our finger on the pulse of the market, right?

To not like research. While you could say that, look, you, you certainly can do a full research, uh, um, process every single time. You, you, you craft a campaign and you really should go through the full research process, uh, every time you do a full campaign. But that should not replace the work that we do to keep our finger on the pulse of the market, meaning to, uh, to pay attention and understand how the marketplace is evolving. What is changing, what sentiment, right?

What's the sentiment today compared to last week? What's top of mind for them today compared to last week? What's a problem today that wasn't last week? What was a problem last week that isn't today? What's a concern today that wasn't last week?

And what was a concern last week that isn't today? And right? And, and what topics are now becoming more popular? What topics are becoming less popular? What was once, uh, um, rare and unique that today is becoming ordinary and common?

And all of those things, all of those things together help us to have the snapshot that we need of the marketplace to be able to, uh, develop copy that resonates. And so anything, Michael, that you would ask or add to that? Uh, no, no, Todd, thanks. Okay. You got it.

Yeah. I think, again, number one takeaway from this is what right? Is understanding the, the dominant resident emotion and then leveraging that, right? And starting with that dominant resident emotion and leveraging that and not skipping that process. And so there you go.

That is all she wrote for, um, today. Have an amazing week and I will see you next week. Thanks, Todd. You got it buddy.
