---
title: "cc_ 2024-08-06"
date: 2024-08-06
duration: 28m
duration_seconds: 1704
vimeo_id: 995490503
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-08-06

**Date:** 2024-08-06 | **Duration:** 28m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right, welcome back, crew. So this week we're gonna do something. Um, we're gonna do something cool. We're gonna talk about one of my favorite topics when it comes to writing copy. This could be long form, short form copy.

This is really just writing in general. I've only spoken about this, this little technique that I'm gonna share with you guys, um, once before, and that was at, uh, one of our top one mastermind experiences. But this is something that, um, is so important because what I'm about to show you, this little, this little kind of technique, uh, it, it's so important because it is really at the root of making copy flow, of giving it the feeling of connection, of giving your copy, your message, your communication, your content. I don't care what it is as long as it's in the written word, really. This can also be used in the spoken word, but it's critical in the written word.

It's gonna give it the feeling of a seamless message rather than just several disjointed points. Um, and so you're gonna, you're gonna see this at play. This is definitely a little nerdy. Uh, there's a lot that we're gonna cover, but my belief is that there, there's a lot of different words and, and whatnot and categories and definitions that we're gonna cover. But in the end, I really believe that you're gonna get the gist of what it is that I'm showing you here.

I'm even going to pull up a blank document, uh, a blank text file, and do this in real time for you, just so that you can see this at, um, at play. And so, with that, let me share my screen over here and then share this slide deck. So, like I said, this is, and this is, it's, it's really interesting because this is one little technique. It's more of a technique for kind of grammar and sentence and paragraph structure. Uh, but don't, don't tune out.

Stay with me here. Um, and, and this is a huge difference maker. Like, you're going to see this after today. You will spot this, right? You will spot this more and more.

And my hope is that you will be more and more aware of this in all of your written communications. Copy, email ads, the whole nine. It doesn't matter. What we're gonna be talking about are what's called, um, discourse markers, or coherence markers. And a simple kind of way to define this is that discourse markers are words or phrases that we use to connect, organize, manage sentences and paragraphs for imp, improved clarity, flow, and communication.

In other words, it's words that we use. And these words can be used at the beginning, in the middle, or the end of a sentence or paragraph, more often than not, as you're gonna see they're used at the beginning. And you're gonna see the beginning of a sentence, really to link prior sentences together to show the connection of what it is that you're saying. Um, and you're gonna see how, if you look at my copy, you're gonna see how I use this all the time, and I really recycle probably a half a dozen words. That's it.

So I'm gonna show you a whole bunch of words, and really, I'm gonna show you a whole bunch of words so that you get this principle at play. But really, I use probably four to six words over and over and over to do this. Now, I wanna start with just a little example. And this was the example that I showed at the top one mastermind experience. I wanna show you an example of an ad, uh, first minus these discourse markers, and then this very same ad with the discourse markers.

Understand that the discourse markers, and I have the source, uh, URL if anybody wanted it. Um, I shared it, uh, when I gave the top one presentation. But this, the ad with the discourse markers increased response like some 400% or something ridiculous. And so here is the example of the ad from Dove minus the discourse markers. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna look at this ad, we're gonna look at the before, we're gonna look at the, after I already gave you the definition.

Then we're gonna go through the different types of discourse markers. We're gonna go through the, the different words that can be used, uh, as discourse markers. And then I'm just gonna show you a simple example, right, to really drive home this point. And so hang with me. So this says, your skin's natural oils keep it silky and supple.

As you age, it becomes less elastic, and the production of oil slows down. Aging can cause dull, dehydrated skin. It's essential to replenish the lost moisture with a natural soothing alternative. Dove leaves your body clean and smooth. It contains 10 times more natural oil than regular shower gels.

Now, the thing that I want you to get before I show you the after, which you might not initially grasp or see when you're just going through this, is that there's no kind of cause and effect at play in here. There's no one sentence that causes this result, that leads to this result, which is why you need this result. There's no cause and effect. These are really disjointed. They're not connected.

So at your skin's natural oils, keep it silky and supple statement. Then there's no relation to as, as you age, it becomes less elastic. And the production of oil slows down, stop aging can cause dull, dehydrated skin. Stop. It's essential to replenish the, the lost moisture with a natural soothing alternative.

Stop dove leaves your body clean and smooth, stop it. Dove contains 10 times more natural oil than regular shower gels. There's no, again, just to repeat myself, there's no cause and effect. There's no, because of this, this happens. And then this happens, which is why this happens.

And so you need to do this. There's none of that. Now, I want you to look at this ad with the discourse markers in there, these little, these little words over here. So it says, your skin's natural oils, keep it silky and supple. But as you age, your skin becomes less elastic and the production of oil slows down.

That is why aging can cause dull, dehydrated skin. So it's essential to replenish the lost, the lost moisture with a natural soothing alternative dove. Leave your, leaves your body clean and smooth, because dove contains 10 times more natural oil than regular shower gels. So the difference between these two, right? Is just those little words, right?

Those little discourse, discourse markers that are connecting the sentences together, that are showing you the flow from one to the other, that are, that are showing you the impact of one to another. Connecting it, right? Connecting it, your, your skin's natural oils, keep it, you know, keep it silky and supple. But as you age, right? Then contrast, this happens, right?

Uh, blah, blah, blah, which is why cause and effect aging can cause dull, dehydrated skin. So because of that, it's essential to replenish with lo uh, with the lost moisture, right? And dove leaves your body clean and smooth, because dove contains this, the connectors. And so I don't wanna spend a huge amount of time going over this 'cause it's really, uh, like you don't really need to understand this. Like, uh, on a deep level, you're gonna really, I think it'll really just come together when I do just a live example for you.

And then you can just go look at, copy my copy or, or well-written copy and see it at play. But these are the different types of, um, of discourse markers that there are, there are discourse, discourse markers that you'll see that we use. There are words and phrases that we use to add additional information. There are discourse markers that we use to demonstrate a sequence, right? Like, in other words, it's, it's kind of like the difference between saying, um, you know, uh, uh, I kicked in the door, uh, my wife got angry.

Um, you know, I, I threw, I threw a book, right? I kicked in the door, then my wife got angry, and that's why I blah, blah, blah, through the book, right? A sequence of events giving, right? Giving a, uh, of the feel of movement, of motion of where things are taking place and when things are taking place. There are discourse, markers, words, and phrases that we use to make comparisons, to show similarities, right?

There are specific words that we use when we want to compare something and show the similarities to something else. There are discourse, markers, words, and phrases that we use to contrast, show the difference between two things, right? And then of course, there is showing cause and effect, showing how one thing leads to another, how one thing produces another, how this thing comes about because of that, right? This is, that's, this is probably the one of the ones that I use most often. 'cause when you're putting together an argument, like, because this happens, this comes about, and then this occurs, which is why you experience this, all of that is showing cause and effect, indicating time.

Illustrating is just giving examples. There are words that we say, words and phrases that you naturally say, even if you don't, even if you never refer to them as discourse markers. When you wanna give an example. Like for example, if we, right, for example, that's a discourse marker, right? That is giving an example or about to give an example of what it is that we just said, right?

And so that's, that's an example of a dis a discourse marker, for example, that we use when we wanna illustrate something. There is generalizing, and then there's emphasizing and concluding. And so let me just show you, let me again, breeze through this so that we can get to, and I'll give you these slides so that you can have them handy as like a reference guide if you wanted to. But when we, when, when we want to add, add something, and also as well as besides additionally in addition to that, right? Two we can use at the end of a sentence.

These are just words, right? And, you know, words, phrases that we use when we wanna add additional information. There are sequencing markers, like we talked about. This is to show order flow. What happened first, what happened second, firstly, secondly, thirdly, to begin with at the start next, right?

When we say next, he went outside or next, right? What are we showing? We're showing order, we're showing sequence finally at the end of the sequence, right? Meanwhile, you, you're, you're, uh, uh, meanwhile following subsequently, before, after then, right? Like, I kicked in the door, then my wife got mad, then I threw the book, right?

Like, that's, you're showing sequencing, comparing. And these are all, a lot of these, right? Are, are, we use these naturally in speech, in conversation, even sometimes in storytelling. But what happens is we tend to lose them when writing copy short form or long form and content. Similarly, likewise, in the same way as like, right?

Like when you do x, like when you experience this, like, right, equally in the same way as compared to contrasting, right? Oftentimes, right? Like this is, this is important, you know, these are important sometimes, right? Like when speaking and you know, you know that one of the most important parts of speaking, of presenting of let's say, reading a or, or delivering a VSL script. Well, one of the things, it, it, some, one of the things when it comes to voice inflection is in using voice inflection on the right word, oftentimes it is a, a, a, a contrasting marker.

Let's just say to emphasize a point, you can do this, but you need to understand, right? Contrasting what, what we're about to say with what it is that we just say, blah, blah, blah. Although, boom, that is highlighting, it's using voice inflection on the right word to illustrate that this is a contrasting point that is coming next, right? Despite the fact on one hand, unless accept, nonetheless, instead alternatively, right? That is showing now a contrast, a difference between the two.

These words we use when we want to, when we wanna show similarities, these words and phrases we use when we wanna make contrast. Here's the one that, right, that I, I've said to you, right? You see me use, um, more often or often, right? Showing cause and effect because so, right? Uh, therefore, subsequently, uh, uh, excuse me.

Consequently, as a result, this happens, right? Because of this, this happens. So then you experience this as a result. You, all of those are showing, right? A cause and effect.

If you take those out, those little words, those little phrases, you lose the impact of that cause and effect. It can very easily not be viewed as an effect and a cause. And that's important when you are constructing an argument, right? It's important when we're putting together our arguments because you, you ha you're showing connection. And so don't assume just because you put something after another sentence that you're demonstrating cause and effect.

These, these, uh, markers are key. There's indicating time markers. We don't need to go through this. There's illustrating or giving examples, for example, for instance, such as, right? In the case of as revealed by as shown by, as you can see from X, these are, again, markers that we use in the written word when we want to illustrate a point, or when we want to give an example of something generalizing.

Again, I'm gonna give you this so you don't need it emphasizing, right? Concluding, and that's why boom, right? Uh, um, that these are examples of, of con uh, emphasizing markers or concluding markers. And so before I show you the example, does this, does it make sense? Forget whether you've kind of, of, all right, I'm good to go.

I know how to use this. Does this make sense? That right? You more often than not want to link stuff together. First of all, let, let me take a step back.

I think we talked about, we talked about in one of the, the, the prior calls. So we, we were talking about, um, email, I, I think Teddy, you had asked a question about an email, and do you cover one thing in there? Do you cover multiple things in there? And I talked about, uh, like a training that I had done for, um, an email copywriter. And a big part of what I did for that, or with that email copywriter was showing them, number one, how to leverage the rule of one from beginning to end, let's say of the email, but also how to make the whole thing feel like one seamless argument, like one seamless presentation so that it didn't feel like a bunch of disjointed points.

So that each point picked up from the last one and showed a relationship so that we were building on top of it. We weren't just making points, we were building and leading to a crescendo, leading to a conclusion. Ultimately the conclusion that we wanted them to have before we gave them the call to action, to, to click, um, to click the link. And so just generally, does what I'm saying make sense here? Mm-Hmm, yes.

Okay, so now let's do this. Let's get rid of that and let's bring this up. And the font is big. It's already right. This is big enough font for you guys.

Yeah. Okay, so, uh, so I'm gonna just write something off the top of my head. It's irrelevant what it is that I'm writing here, but I just want you to see like what I would do to use these, um, discourse markers throughout. Um, and, uh, so let's just say, uh, let's start with, um, right now things are a bit crazy in the economy and, uh, news reports of, and I don't know, yes, this is an extreme example. Forget the copy, obviously, right?

This is an extreme example. It's not always this, but if you look at this, right? If you look at this, what you'll notice is that, uh, you'll notice that every sentence is connected. Every sentence has some discourse marker over here, right? Now, things are a bit crazy in the economy.

Um, and additional information, right? You may be seeing reports of an impending recession. And if you're, if you're like most people, that's why, right? You cause and effect. This is additional, additional, this is cause and effect, and that's why you may be experiencing some additional fear and stress.

But contrast contrasting marker, there is good news for you, right? Because cause and effect, right? Because of this, right? This is the cause. This is the, uh, there is good news for you.

Why? Because Teddy has released a, uh, released a crypto millionaires program, which anyone can use to become filthy. So cause and effect, you don't need to feel like a loser anymore. Instead, contrasting right now, you can buy that Maserati you've always dreamed of, and you can finally move out of your parents' basement, right? Uh, additional information.

So right, go ahead and click the link below. This is an extreme example, but you can see, right? Uh, you can see all of these markers in here, connected. One is flowing into the next one is leading to the next one is causing the next one is a result of the next, right? There's nothing disjointed.

Now look, you could take this same exact, um, uh, email or, you know, content over here. Uh, and look, you could say this is how the typical person would write it. Oops, maybe let's just leave it like that. So let's just get rid of this, get rid of this, get rid of this and say this. So right now, things are a bit crazy in the economy, you may be seeing news reports of an impending recession.

If you're like most people, you may be experiencing some additional fear and stress. There is good news for you. Teddy Garcia has just released blah, blah, blah. You don't need to feel like a loser anymore. You can buy that Maserati you've always dreamed of, and you can finally, um, and you can finally move out of your parents' basement.

Uh, go ahead, click the link. That's without, uh, any of those discourse, um, markers. The difference is, is that right there, it's choppy. It doesn't have the same flow. Right?

Now, things are a bit crazy in the economy. You may be seeing, um, news reports, if you're like most people, you may be experiencing some additional fears. I'm not saying that this is, um, a horrific, uh, a poorly written email. I'm not saying that. What I'm saying that is that there's much more connection here right now.

Things are a bit crazy, and you may be seeing news reports of an impending session, and if you're like most people, that's why you're experiencing additional fear and stress. But there is good news for you, right? Because Teddy's just released this blah, blah, blah. So you don't need to feel like a loser anymore. Instead, now you can do this and you could finally move out, move out of your parents' basement.

So because of that, all that, go ahead and click the link below, see the difference? Mm-Hmm. That's the whole lesson for today. That's it. And often I am incorporating in, I am looking, I'm writing in a way where I am incorporating in those, again, those discourse markers.

Any questions Are, are these the, uh, do you remember shing when you, when we were shing, we, So the, the bucket brigade? Yeah, That's different. It, So, uh, it, it, it is, um, there are a lot of bucket brigade, you know, phrases that are, uh, that are discourse markers. So there, there are a lot that are not all of them are right? The, the purpose of the, you know, the bucket brigade, you know, was, was to lead somebody to the next, to the next sentence.

And so there are a lot, a lot of those bucket brigades are discourse markers, but not all of them, Okay? But right, like, this is the, the value, right? Like the, the value of doing this, right? Is the connection, the one seamless, the feel of one seamless. And this isn't, you know, like I, the, there are, this is not a poorly written email.

This isn't bad, right? Structurally, this isn't bad. But oftentimes you can have, without the discourse markers, it is bad. Like, where it does feel very disjointed, you're making a statement. And that statement is not necessarily connected to what you, it's not clear that it's connected.

It's not clear that this is causing this or that this is why you should do this, right? And so this is not like, this is a decent example of an email without those discourse markers, but I've seen many that like, wow, man, it's just, you know, it's not crystal clear. The argument that you are, are making. It's not crystal clear why, this is why these things are connected. And so that's all I wanted to, to show you.

This is right. I might not do this, I don't do this always right? Like in every sentence, like, I'm, like, I'm showing you here, but I'm certainly making sure that the stuff that is connected demonstrates that connection with discourse markers. Okay? Can you clarify that?

Right? So when, when is too much, too much or, Um, I think, I don't know if I would say there's, you know, like, look, you know, these are bolded words and we're focusing on them right now, and Right, right? So they're front center. I think sometimes not every, like, not every, you know, I sometimes the sentence, the thing that I'm trying to say is not, um, the, the, the impact or the structure doesn't warrant a discourse marker. Like, in other words, and, right.

And so I'm not gonna include one just for the sake of including one, right? I'm including them for sake of clarity, because I want you to understand that, that that, that this is right, like that this is connected. You know, I know it sounds strange, but if you look at, you know, there is, there is good news for you, right? There is good news for you. Teddy Garcia has just released a crypto millionaires program, which anyone can u use to become filthy rich.

Like, I wanna make sure that they understand that the good news, right? The, that is the good news. I don't want anyone to mistake that there's good news. And also, I'm telling you that Teddy Garcia released a new program. Like I want, I wanna show connection.

And so for sake of clarity, I'm using the discourse marker. But I'm not using discourse markers just for the sake of using discourse markers. It's kind of very similar to, right? Like, I will use a word where that word is most appropriate and has the greatest impact. I won't use a particular word just because I wanna work in a particular word.

And so it's all for greater clarity, greater flow for movement to make, right? Rather than like, if it feels choppy, okay? I'm gonna look at why does it feel choppy discourse marker. If there is no connection though, right? And not everything has to be always connected, right?

Like, um, you know, not everything has to be connected. Uh, um, then I won't use a, a discourse marker. Like sometimes, you know, like if you look at, if you, if you go back to, like for Michael, if you go and you look at RCPB chunks, claim proof benefit, right? At some point you're aiming that you're, excuse me, you're ending that chunk, right? Like, and then you've gotta go on to like something else that's made the next, right?

Which you could make the argument is more of a, of a, of a sequencing marker. But at some point you might, you might end that and then go on to the, to the next thing. So I don't want you to think like you need a, you need a marker in every single sentence, but there's definitely a different flow, a different pace, a different feel, and a different level of connection when you do, when you do use them. And so I'm regularly, right? Like, you know, I'm regularly, um, showing those connections with these markers.

Yeah. Good. Michael, you good? Yep. John, you good?

All right, that's it. That's all she wrote. Very simple, very straightforward. I'll make sure that I pop, um, the slides and this example into, um, slack, but that's all she wrote. Um, I'll see you guys next week.

Amen. Thanks. You got it.
