---
title: "cc_ 2025-02-25"
date: 2025-02-25
duration: 53m
duration_seconds: 3195
vimeo_id: 1060218807
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2025-02-25

**Date:** 2025-02-25 | **Duration:** 53m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right, so we're gonna do something really, uh, interesting today. Something that, uh, we don't normally do, which is I'm gonna share with you, copy that I'm writing, uh, that is not done. Um, but I'm gonna show you kind of a little bit behind the scenes on this copy. Uh, and I, I want to, you know, a a couple things. One, I'd love to hear your kind of questions or if you like, Hey, why didn't you do it this way?

Or, why didn't you do this? Or, or, what about this? Uh, I'd love to hear that from you. I'd love to see if you, if there are, you know, some holes that you can poke, um, in the copy. But really, I'm, I'm sharing this with you because I wanna show you how you've heard, you've heard me talk about many times before, how, um, you know, I'm a big believer in front loading the copy.

Like not taking the best of the best and burying it in the copy, but recognizing that we, we have a limited amount of time to really impact people. And so, I wanna come out guns a blazing, so to speak, in a promotion. I wanna bring the best of the best up into the, the lead. And I wanna cut out as much kind of, you know, as much fluff as as possible. And so I want to, I wanna show you what, what I believe is an, an example of that.

Now, look what I'm, what I'm gonna show you a couple things. So number one, what I'm gonna show you is, is not even a completed first draft. So there's no editing, uh, done, um, on, in this, in this copy. And so there could be some grammar issues, there could be some, you know, some wacky stuff. Stuff could change in terms of order and whatnot.

Um, the other thing that I want you to just be aware of is that this is a backend campaign. So this is ultimately going to people who already know, like, and trust, excuse me. Uh, the, um, the expert in this case, the expert is Jim Bakker over at, um, at Wealth with God. And so now, so before I show you this, lemme give you a little bit of, of, of context of what this is about. So this promotion is really about, so as part of wealth with God, there is a, there's a division, or what we refer to as an, as an imprint to use the Agora language within the Wealth with God world.

That's all about real estate and all about helping people to learn how to, um, how to invest in real estate. And there is a variety of different approaches to real estate investing that gets, that gets taught. I picked one of those ways to really focus on the way that I found most compelling when I first heard it. So, again, what you are about to see is a type of real estate investing that I was most kind of intrigued by for this audience that already knows, likes and trusts. Um, Jim.

And so with that, let's do this. I'm gonna share this bad boy, um, with you. And then, excuse me, I'm just gonna move this over right here. And so you guys can see my screen? Yep.

Yes. Okay. And so, uh, I just wanna go through this and I'll periodically stop to get, uh, to get some, uh, you know, to get feedback, insights, uh, from you guys, um, over here. So, couple things. So the re I went with the logo at the, um, the top, the reason why I went with the logo at the top is because these are people that have a relationship already with wealth, with God.

And so ordinarily on the front end, I probably would scrap the, the logo because it's meaningless to cold traffic. But here, I think that there are some level of meaning to this, um, for them. Um, this is again, for, you know, for believers inside the Wealth with God community. So I wanted to convey that this was, that. I'm, I'm now speaking from Jim to community members.

Uh, the, uh, now let me, let me give you, let me give you one other additional piece of context. So I actually wrote, I would say, you know, 60%, 65% of this letter, or what was going to be the letter for this promotion. And I scrapped it. I absolutely, I, I saved it 'cause we're gonna use it for something, everything that I wrote, but I scrapped it. Now, I want you to understand, because there's a, there's a lesson in it.

I scrapped it because even though I found, I thought that that copy was compelling, and maybe at some point, I'll, I'll show it to you when we, you know, when we do something with it, I thought that the copy was compelling. It was much more indirect. It was kind of, you know, it wasn't, it wasn't indirect like a story lead per se, but it was much more indirect. And I really felt like in this case, what we were going for was we were, we were not only this pro, this promotion is not only going to people that are already in the tribe and have been in the, the Wealth with God community for some time, but they also just went through a launch campaign for the $10,000 coaching program and didn't take action on it. And so we're kind of piggybacking off of that.

So I decided that I wanted to just go much more direct. I wanted to have this campaign be like, where this is from Jim, and let me make a very explicit, kind of very direct pitch. So I said, um, five reasons. This may be the best surest investing opportunity for Christians to grow income and wealth fast in 2025. And so, um, kind of creating a little bit, a little bit of curiosity here, certainly, you know, grow income and wealth fast in 2025 is my kind of general overriding promise.

We have to be obviously very careful in terms of compliance. Um, here with direct income claims, it's kind of funny because this is probably the most aggressive of any piece of copy that I've written for these guys that, uh, likely will need to be tampered a little bit from a compliance perspective, which I already spoke to them, um, about that. But my aim here was to create some curiosity, curiosity about certainly the, the five reasons, but the best surest opportunity, the investing opportunity. So then I just go through the, um, the reasons, and if you look at the reasons they're really, they're really written as benefits. So the five reasons why this may be the best, um, surest investing opportunity, uh, to grow income and wealth, right?

Number one, you're blessing other people in need as you're making money, you have almost all upside opportunity and almost no downside risk. So you don't have to be concerned about losing money. You can start with as little as a hundred dollars. So you can do this no matter what your financial situation is right now, you can have your first payout in as little as just weeks. And with only a few hours of, uh, of effort a week, you can be enjoying thousands, even tens of thousands in extra income in the coming months and years.

So I wrote those, the reasons I wrote them as benefits. And you could see it's you, you can, you can you, can you, um, all there. Then I go in and I open it with the, the tried and true kind of first line that I default to. It's true. And that's why this is the number one investing opportunity I'm recommending in 2025 for Christians who want more income and more wealth for kingdom purposes.

Because as you'll see in a second, anyone can do this since you don't need any special skills or experience or connections or insider knowledge, and you only need a hundred dollars to get started, and there's very little, if any financial risk, and as you're making money, you are a tremendous blessing to people who need your help. So I'm sure you agree it doesn't get much better than this in terms of an investing method for you as a Christian, am I right? And that's why I want you to understand just how life transforming this can be for, for you, your family, and your financial future. Not to mention all the people you help in the process. So I'll explain how this investing opportunity works in detail in just a second.

And I believe you'll be blown away by how simple and straightforward it is for you. First though, let me ask you a question and your answer will show how good of an opportunity this is for you. Would you be willing to invest a dollar 36 a day for the next year if it could get you debt free, put a few thousand dollars of surplus in your bank account and give you full control over your financial future? If your answer is anything less than enthusiastic, heck, heck yes, pastor Jim, then this is not for you. And that's okay.

Nothing to be ashamed of. If though you're like most Christians I share this with, and you see this as an easy, smart decision, then you're gonna get excited about doing this as you continue reading on. Now, I wanna stop for a second and I wanna show you a couple of things here. So, um, um, number one, look at, um, look at the way, look at the coherence markers that are, are, are being used, right? It's true.

And right, I'm adding now something to what it is that I just said here. So, right? These are the five reasons why this could be the best surest, uh, investing opportunity to grow income and wealth in 2025. It's true and right. This is why I say that this is the number one investing, um, opportunity because as you'll see in a second reason why, right?

So I'm, I'm saying this is true and that's why this is the number one investing opportunity because right, like, as you'll see in a second, anyone can do this. You only need a hundred bucks, very little financial risk. And as you're making money, you're tremendous blessing to people who need your help. Now, a couple things, right? These are the core benefits of this, and I'm almost kind of restating, you know, with some slightly different language what it is that I set up here.

And of course, I am focusing on this one. Um, uh, which is ultimately why I made it the first one up here, because this is a big part of what is important to these people. That it's not just an investment, an investing strategy, but it's a strategy that will allow me to make money while I am helping other people, while I am, while I am doing something good for, um, for other people, which I explain in just a little bit how that, um, how that works. So what is that it's picking up with, right? So, so based on this is ultimately right, what, based on this, I'm sure you agree, it doesn't get much better than this in terms of an investing method for you as a Christian.

Am I right? This is just a little bit more of like, you know, me, you know, colloquial, colloquial language. Like it doesn't get much better than that. Am I right? Um, and that's why see that again, picking up with, and that's why, why, because it doesn't get much better in terms of this.

That's why I want you to understand just how life transforming this can be for your family, for you, your family, and your financial future. Not to mention all the people that you help in the process reminding them of this major benefit of this major benefit, um, over here. Uh, uh, and that's why I want you to understand. So because of that, because I want you to understand, you see how this is just how it keeps connecting it never, right? It keeps connecting, right?

So I'm sure you agree it doesn't get much better than that. And because it doesn't get much better than that, I want you to understand how life transforming this is. This, this can be, and because this is life transforming, right? And I want you to understand it. I'm gonna explain how this investing opportunity works in detail in just a second.

And in addition to that, I believe that you'll be blown away by how simple and straightforward it is for you. So you, you could see co a couple things, um, a couple things in here. So number one, little bit of, uh, an open loop. Number two, I'm promising them that I'm gonna reveal how this thing works and do it in detail, which I do. I'll show you how I do that in, in just a little bit.

Um, and, uh, and you'll notice in here that I'm working in a presupposition, I am presupposing that this is simple and straightforward because what I'm saying is, and I believe that you'll be blown away by how simple and straightforward it is for you. So what the, what this sentence ultimately does is if, if anything is disputable in here or in terms of like conscious level disputable, it's whether I'll be blown away by it or not, right? So what I'm slipping under the radar is that it is simple and straightforward for you. And so the way this is written, right, I believe that you'll be blown away. Like the thing that's questionable is whether you'll be blown away or not.

It's not whether it's simple and straightforward for you, right? It is whether you'll be blown away or not. First though, let me ask you this question. Um, and your answer will show how good of an opportunity this is for you. Now, I just want you to see something here, how I wrote this sentence.

What I didn't say is your answer will show whether this is a good opportunity for you. I said, your answer will show how good of an opportunity this is for you. So it almost has the appearance of it has the appearance of, I'm gonna ask you a question and based on your answer, right? Like, you, you, you, you know, but, but it, uh, I and I am. But what I'm, what's ultimately commu being communicated is that it's, it's good.

It's just how good of an opportunity this will be for you. Now, the re would you be willing to invest a dollar 36 a day for the next year to get these three things? My thinking here, the reason why I went with this is because this dollar 36, which I'm gonna bring back later on in the sales letter, is the cost of the program, right? It's the cost of the program. It's ultimately what, right?

It's, you know, whatever it is, 400 bucks or four, whatever it is, um, you know, $497 or something like that. And so I'm gonna bring this back. So I'm gonna do a callback to this, to this amount later on, right? Like when I said like earlier on, right? Uh, when I asked you, you know, you, you're here because you agreed that you would, that's what we're talking about right now.

And so I'm gonna do a callback when it comes to the price to this dollar, to this dollar 36, right? If your answer is anything less than enthusiastic, yes, this is not for you. And that's okay. Nothing to be ashamed of, kind of like that takeaway. Like, I'm not, I'm not trying to push you like you either want it, like, and if you don't, that's okay.

This isn't for you, right? Don't worry about it. And to soften it up a little bit, like, you know, 'cause this is coming from Pastor Jim, right? That's okay. Nothing to be ashamed of all good, right?

Like if though you're like, most Christians I share, I share this with, and you see this is an easy smart decision. Now, you'll notice the way that, the way that this is worded, if though you're like most Christians, right? Like most Christians, meaning the majority see this as an easy, smart decision. And, um, even though you're, if you're like most Christians, I share this with you see, um, you see that this is an easy smart decision. Look at the way that it's worded.

This is an easy, smart decision then, right? You're gonna get excited about doing, uh, about doing this as you continue reading on if there was any little NLP, if you will. It's in this statement, right? Right here, right? If, if this, then you're gonna, you're going to, uh, you know, you're going to experience the feeling that I want.

As you do X, you're gonna, right, you're gonna, you're gonna feel motivated as you watch the rest of this VSL or you're gonna, you're gonna see how this is a great opportunity for you as you watch the rest of this. So I just said, if though you're like, most Christians, I share this with you see this as an easy smart decision, right? Most Christians see this as an easy, smart decision, right? Then you're gonna get excited, get excited about doing this as you continue reading on any questions about this first part or anything that you would add, anything you don't like, anything that you would push back on? Was there, I think you, you, you partially answered this about the first reason that you put that first because of, you mentioned a little bit further down and that's what, what is really important to people.

Was there, when you were putting the rest of the reasons, did you write them like this or did you reorder them the way you wanted them? No, I, so I just wrote 'em right? Like this. And so, um, I wrote it. I, I just wrote it like, like, I haven't, you know, I, I may change the order.

I'm not sure I will say that this kind of, you know, you know, you, you know, to me like, look, this is what they care about. Like, look, if, if I didn't, because I don't have anything in the headline or prehead about this, I felt like it was essential to get that in there as early as possible so that they understand that this is more than just an income play that this is, right. So I, that's why I ended up making this, I, the, the first reason over here. 'cause I didn't bring it in here, but really, as you're gonna see in a second, I really feel like, and I probably could, could word this better. I really feel like this is the most powerful part of this whole, of, of this method.

That there really is no downside. Like at you, you ba really, you, you risk a hundred dollars to potentially make thousands or tens of thousands, right? And that's abs, you know, like with this method, absolute worst case scenario, you lose a hundred bucks and time and your time other than that, right? You really legitimately can't lose more than a hundred dollars. And so that's all you are risking if it doesn't work out.

But you'll see in a second, and you'll see how I explain that. And so that's why I put this first over here because there was nothing in here and I wanted to make sure that I got that, you know, wealth with God part upfront. Make sense? Yeah. Um, and so, okay.

And so Couple things, couple things I would say though, just go scroll back up to the top. Yeah, please. Um, and, and these are nuances, right? Obviously as, as we always get into, like, I don't like the, the weird, the word surest feels very weird to me. Like I would maybe safest right?

Or, or something like that. Um, Yep. I like that. That's cool. You're, you're absolutely right.

Even the best, I'm not, I'm not really sure if this is, and so, but you're absolutely right. Surest is a weird word that you don't use that is rarely used. Yeah. Uh, and then even like, so reason number one and number two, I'm just wondering if there's a, a different, so two definitely, like, I would probably state it, I would flip it around maybe like, you don't have to be concerned about losing money because there's almost all upside opportunity and almost no downside risk. I don't know if that's better Like that.

Like, I think that that's smart. I like that. Uh, very good for number one. Like is it, is it that you're blessing other people in need as you're making money? Or is it that you'll be making so much money that you'll have money left over to bless others?

It's actually both of those. And so hold that. 'cause that's a great point. So you're act, so that's a great point. Um, and so hold that and then maybe you might, you might, uh, say, I still stand by that point.

Um, or you might see what it is that I was kind of going after. But great stuff, uh, awesome suggestions. And so I think that you're, you're spot on. But Other, other, other than that, yeah, it feels, it feels, feels a lot like the, the wage spot offer too, right? That's the same kind of, it's like you can do this, this, this without this, this, or that, right?

Yep. And wait, 'cause I'm gonna, we're gonna, we're gonna keep going. And so hopefully this will, like, I'm gonna, I'm gonna keep going in the copy, so, right. So, okay, so if you answer anything less than enthusiastic, heck yes, this is not for you. And that's okay.

Nothing to be ashamed of. If though you're like most Christians, I share this with you, uh, and you see this as an easy smart decision, then you're gonna get excited about doing this as you continue reading on, uh, the uncommon income generated method of Christians. What I'm talking about here is a unique opportunity for you to bless others as you make money with real estate, but not traditional real estate investing. Because with this method, you're not laying out any down payment. You're not taking out a loan and you're not using any credit.

So you're not putting any significant money or capital or credit at risk. And you're also not working with a realtor. You're not working with a bank or lender, and you're not working with an attorney because you don't need any of those with this unique real estate method. And this doesn't involve any complicated paperwork or complex legal structures. So you don't have to worry about anything being over your head.

And this doesn't involve you being a landlord, fixing up homes or managing any properties. None of that. You see, with this method of real estate, you're getting paid as you solve burdensome home problems with people who are stuck or have nowhere left to go for help or who have simply given up. And this is where the blessing comes in. More about that in a minute.

For now, just know this is a wildly different method than traditional real estate investing, because now all you need to make money with this unique real estate approach is a heart for the Lord. One sheet of paper I'll tell you about in just a couple minutes, and about three to five hours a week, uh, you're willing to invest in your financial future. That's it. And with just those three things, you have the opportunity to get paid thousands, even tens of thousands for each simple, easy to do real estate transaction. Like Joey, for example, blah, blah, blah.

A little bit about him and Sally, a little bit about her and the price family. And there's just crazy amounts of the these, um, these things over here. And I could go on and on with example, after example of believers just like you, using this unique method of real estate to collect payouts while blessing other people. Now imagine this is for, imagine this for yourself. This was actually a late edition.

Now imagine this for yourself. What if you had just one of these checks coming in every other month, even for just a couple thousand dollars each? And how many ways would an extra 10 K, 12 k, 15 k or more this year make your life better? What would it allow you to do for yourself, your family, or others in need around you that you're not able to do now? Who would it allow you to help?

How would, how would that, so this has to be tweaked. How would that fix your financial? It should be how would this fix your financial situation and how would it improve your financial future? Uh, and so you could see this is not done over here. And so before we go on to how it works, anything that you would add here?

Almost a little form. I, almost a little formulaic. Mm-hmm. I like the, the, it's not a massive seven figures in the next 60 days type of nonsense. It's like, it's very low key that to a lot of people in an extra 10, 12, 15 K would, would have a dramatic impact on what they could do.

Sure Would. And I right? It sure would. And that's why exact, that's exactly why, right? Like I always, I'm a big believer and I'm gonna go with the lowest number possible.

That will still could still be transformational for people. Like, in other words, right? 'cause they could do right there. There's, there was an example of somebody in here, one of the students who like it, I, I might have been her, it might have been Sally, who had like a $70,000 deal, somebody else who had like a $49,000 deal. Now look, those are rare, but to have deals that are five grand, eight grand, 12 grand, 16 grand, 20 grand, these people, it's baffling to me.

I can't even, I can't even believe it. It's crazy to me. Um, and, uh, and this is why Damien is on like his 12th deal or whatever it is at this point. Um, but, uh, so right, what this isn't right, eliminating. 'cause I knew that the moment I said, right, what I'm talking about here is a unique opportunity, you know, a unique opportunity for you to bless, uh, others as you make money with real estate.

I knew if, and this if, if I, if I didn't get into, but it's not this, I, somebody could immediately discount this or immediately have fears, concerns. Like, I don't have money for this. I don't know about this. I don't wanna risk here. So I wanted say, but not traditional, because with this, you're not laying out any down payment.

You're not taking out a loan, you're not using any credit, right? Originally I think I had like, and the i, the fir I wrote it and I was like, you're you're not laying out any money, right? You're not putting any money at risk. But I was like, oh wait, you are putting the a hundred dollars fee, which I'll talk about in a second. So I, so I just said, you're not putting any significant money or capital or, or credit risk.

You're not working with a realtor, you're not working with a lender. You're not working with an attorney. There's no complicated paperwork like I'm trying to show them, like right? It's none of those things that you are likely intimidated by or afraid of with typical real estate in investing that would keep you from doing it. And at the same time, right?

I still haven't said what it is. So I'm building curiosity. Yes, sir. That, that was something I was gonna bring up as well, is the, that's intentional that you haven't actually what it is or anything like that. Correct?

You're about to see me do that now after I'm like, I wanted to try to deal with, you know, like, first of all, so if you, if you look back, right? So you could make the argument that, right? Like if we look here, like this is kind of the, the, the, the lead. If you, you know, if you will, like, I'm trying to just, I'm trying to give them a big picture view, a big picture overview of what this could do for you so that it sounds intriguing. Then I go into, right?

It's a unique opportunity in real estate, but now I want to get rid of all of the potential negatives, um, that they might hold related to real estate. And so I wanted to get the, the knots. It's not this, it's not this, it's not this out as, as, you know, as early as I as I could. So that, right? I get rid of all of, um, all of, uh, all of that.

I also, over here, you see with this real estate method, you're getting paid as you solve burdensome problems. And I'm not even sure, again, burdensome home problem. I'm not sure if this is likely gonna be edited out the wazoo, but I wanted to say, I wanted to give a little blurb and keep it a little vague for how, for a little substance that this is different but not enough for them to make a decision yet about like, oh, I know what he's talking about. And so, but a a little tease. So this is definitely gonna need to be rewritten.

'cause I also don't want them to hear you're getting paid as you solve burdensome home problems for people. Like that could, in and of itself could be a turnoff, right? Because I could envision gruesome, I don't know. Who knows? You know what I mean?

Like, who knows what's going on here. And so I'll likely that's gonna get, um, tweaked, uh, Why, why not put the knots higher up in the lead? Uh, such as where? Well, because if you, if you look right, Teddy, so if we look here, right? This is, this is the number one opportunity, right?

Like, because you don't need this. You don't, excuse me, you, you, right? Anyone could do this. You could start with a hundred bucks. You have very little financial risk and you're making money while you are, um, while you're, uh, excuse me, while you're helping people.

Um, what was I gonna say? Uh, and so I'm just building up curiosity and the positives that right? The positives. Then I am going to switch to what this, like I'm gonna actually tell them it's real estate. And so then I'm gonna cover the knots.

Got, got it, got it. Um, and so, uh, uh, One, one side note by the way, just formatting, formatting wise that I'm running into a lot, which is I would, I would jack up the font two, two more sizes. These are older people and they're reading in on, on a phone. Well said. Yeah, absolutely.

Which is, I'll, I'll tell you what, it's so interesting to me, and it's worth, you know, us paying attention to going forward across the board. I believe it's something close to 80, 81% of all traffic is on mobile at wealth with God. And so, like shows you that all what I've been doing, doing go ahead, is when I, when I'm building a page, I like, I build it on mobile first, and then I go back and check it on desktop. Yeah. So smart.

You know, that's the, that's the absolute, you know, that's the absolute right way to do it. 'cause again, for them, 80% of the traffic is, you know, is, uh, is mobile. And I think that it's important to recognize that not just for, you know, layout, you know, page layout design, but also even format, you know what I mean? Like, I question, you know, like, I I, I don't know if you know, is this, is this the best way to deliver it like this as a, as a long form, you know, a long form letter being that they're on mobile and it's like Teddy said, it's gonna have to be huge, the text for them to read it. And so therefore they're gonna be scrolling out the wazoo.

And so these are just little, little things to kind of, uh, to keep in mind. Um, So, okay, so let's go down. So we were over here, uh, imagine this. So, right, like we just said, you know, these people, and, and ultimately the way that I'm gonna do this is, you can see the first example is there's, there's more copy here, right? Like, Joey's part of Wealth with God community.

He's a high school band director, blah, blah, blah. He never thought that he could make a life changing side income until blah, blah, blah. This. And there's Sally, another member. Sally did her first transaction while in a hospital bed.

And then there's the price family. You'll notice something here, which is intentional. The amount of copy for Joey. First one, the amount of copy for Sally, the second one, the amount of copy for the price family, the third one. And then it's just gonna go pop, pop, pop.

And so a little momentum, if you will, with, um, with, uh, oops, lemme just get rid of this doc with the, with the copy just to build up some momentum and then go into, now imagine this for yourself. Like, what if you had just one of these checks, right? So taking what it is that they just saw and now applying it to them, uh, here's how it works. I call this unique me, uh, method of real estate contract cash. Now, let me say this, I don't know if I'm gonna keep this in here.

I don't know if it's necessary, right? And the reason, like, I, I like it personally. And if, like, if, if we were, if we were creating a new product, I would, I would absolutely name it that, right? Um, but because that's, that's not the name of the product. I'm not sure if I need this in here at all.

Like, I don't know if this adds any value. This certainly isn't, you know, like the typical unique mechanism name that I would go with. And so, uh, this might come out and it's not, it wouldn't change anything. But I said, I call this unique method of real estate contract cash. The name is a little crude, but it really does describe how this method produces extra income.

Uh, here's how simple this is now, right? I, i, I, I said this, this line is in here, like, the name is a little crude. Why? Because this is coming from Jim, right? And so, like, if it was me saying this, you know, like, I wouldn't care, I wouldn't have to say like, or one of us, I wouldn't have to say the name's a little crude, but I wanna address the fact that, eh, that, you know, like, I don't know, cash, that seems a little, little, you know, like this is a pastor we're talking about is should he really be talking about cash?

Um, which is a weird thing, right? Anyway, uh, so here's how simple this is. First, you identify a home or property for sale at a good price. There are lists for this. And even simple software tools that'll do most of the work for you.

I give you access to the best software further down in this letter. Second, you get the home under contract. No attorney, no realtor, no mortgage application, no title company, none of that. Just a simple one page contract and a hundred dollars earnest fee is all it takes. Third, you locate a buyer for the home or property and assign the contract to them for an amount greater than the listed price.

And you keep the difference between the two prices. That's it. Then rinse and repeat. So for example, let's say you see a home for sale at a great price of 150,000. You use the one page contract to get the home under contract, and you give the homeowner the a hundred dollars earnest money fee.

Then you locate a buyer and assign the home to them for 155,000, and you keep the $5,000 difference. And the seller is happy because you help them sell their home and get the price they wanted. The buyer is happy because you help them find a property to buy at a deal they're happy with, and you get paid $5,000 in the process. Easy peasy. You're not laying out any money, you're not getting a mortgage, you're not hiring a lawyer, you're not taking ownership of the home, you're not getting any tenants, you're not repairing anything or hiring any contractors, and you're not managing any property.

None of that. Just a simple transaction where you get paid a few thousand dollars to help a homeowner and a buyer each get what they want. And you can't lose. Here's why. What happens if you, you can't find a buyer?

You may be wondering, well, that's the beautiful part because it's simple. The contract is then canceled and you get to walk away free and clear. You see, the one page contract gives you 30 days to locate a buyer. And in the rare event, you don't locate a buyer. The contract is then voided and you don't owe anything.

In that case. The only thing you invested was the a hundred dollars earnest fee, which the homeowner gets to keep. And that's it. So with this method of real estate, your only financial exposure is that $100, $100 per transaction. That's it.

In essence, you're investing a hundred dollars to potentially make thousands, even tens of thousands every time. And yes, not every contract will work out. You may only find a buyer for one out of every two or three contracts, but again, each contract can be worth hundreds, thousands, even tens of thousands of dollars. And that's why I said earlier, this method of real estate is almost all upside potential. With almost no downside financial risk, you become an answer to someone else's prayer.

And please understand what makes this a beautiful wealth generation method for Christians is not is, is that you're not just finding random homes for sale and connecting them with random buyers. You're helping desperate people with no other option to sell a home, often in the face of a situation like disputed inheritance or taxes they can't pay, or a mortgage they can no longer afford, or being too old to make home repairs on a home falling apart. So by using this method of real estate, you're not only making money from simple transactions, you become the answer to someone else's prayer. You become their solution because you're solving their problem for them. And this is why it's not uncommon for the Christians making money with this method to have the opportunity to pray with home sellers and even share the gospel because there is most certainly a ministry aspect to this method of real estate.

And this is why when Mary and I were knee deep in debt many years ago, we jumped in feet first into this world of real estate investing and used it to generate $70,000 of extra income within one year and to wipe away all our debts. And this is why over the past two years, I've tried my best to expose as many believers as possible to this method of real estate because I've seen how it's transforming the lives of so many of the members in our wealth with God community. First by relieving financial burdens, getting ahead on all bills, clearing away all debt, uh, excuse me, getting ahead on all bills, clearing away all debt, paying off homes, funding better schooling for kids, growing savings for retirement, and so much more. And second, by having the income abundance pour over into kingdom impact funding missions and projects and homes and opportunities which are blessing others in the name of Christ. So it really is such a beautiful thing, which is why you should now see with this method of real estate, you're blessing so many people.

You're blessing homeowners, you're blessing home buyers, you're blessing your family with your payouts, and you're blessing an infinite number of other people as your extra income and abundance pours over into kingdom actions. And that is what it means to be a true kingdom wealth builder. Before I go on any questions about this or anything that, or any objections that you have or any things that you don't like? Yeah, there's a, there's a huge hole, I think. Like you're not, it's not addressing the what, what would feel like the hardest part, which is how am I gonna get buyers?

Yes. Okay. And so that is coming. And so, but that's a good point that maybe I need to do that. Uh, Because you, you, you, you, you, you've dealt with the, how am I gonna find the properties by saying there's software, right?

So it's the same thing. It's like you just gotta say, you know, we have, we have a group of investors looking that are looking for properties. Yeah, I wish that was the case. That that is, this is unfortunately, oh, is that the problem? And you're, you're absolutely, you're absolutely right.

This is unfortunately, I believe, uh, but you're, let me say that you are 100% right, and that is a great piece of advice, um, heated, uh, that is the worst part of the entire program because the way that they find buyers is the most manual labor old school method. I don't, I I don't even want to share it with you, um, at this point. Uh, but there may be, there may be, there may be a, a software tool. I, I'm not sure I, I have to find out, but that's totally get it. You're absolutely right.

Um, good 0.1, um, one other thing as well, have you scrolled up a bit there today, you don't need this and you don't need that and you don't need this. You're not laying out anymore. Should you also mention like you don't need a real estate license? Yep. Very good.

Very good. Great call. Yep. Uh, I mute Myself. Don't need real estate license.

And you don't, don't need your real estate license and you don't know how to sell. You don't need to know how to sell or, Very good. I love it. Great suggestions. Yeah, that's great.

Um, let me, let me ask you this. Like, and I want you to be brutally like honest, like a part of this was me, me sharing, you know, part of this was doing this for selfish reasons, for, you know, uh, but also like just sharing with you my thinking and the way that, like, look, I, I really feel in this copy that it would be, it's hard to find a sentence in here that doesn't move the sale further along. Like, there is very little fluff in here, and this, this, right? First draft, no, you know, like the, the full editing hasn't been done yet. There's, it would be hard to find sentences in here that are not serving a purpose of moving it, of moving it forward that are not doing something in here.

And so this is right when, when you look at this, everything is doing right, like everything is working to move it, you know, move it, move it forward. Even like I call this unique method of real estate contract cash, just curiosity, something different, right? Like, uh, you know what I mean? Like even the name's a little crude, but it, but it does, but it really does describe how, how this method produces extra income. Conveying, again, burying in there, slipping in there.

This method produces extra, extra income, right? Here's how simple this is. What, what am I implying? It's simple, right? So every, everything in here is ultimately is doing, is doing work.

And so what do you think so far? What do you, how do you feel about the, the message so far? Is it, are you like, nah, it's not personal enough, it's too cold. What do you think? Brutally honest?

Well, I I do feel like there's, there's a bit too many, uh, open loops being used. Okay. Right? Like, it just feels, feels A little too much teasey For, for a sales letter. 'cause they can scroll, right?

So in A-V-S-L-I could see it potentially making more sense, but, Okay. Okay. I like, okay, good piece of advice. I like that. John, what do you think?

I like it. Yeah. I think I'm excited to, um, yeah, I think, think I'm excited to see to Yeah, me too. Uh, me too. Um, so let me, let me go down.

Uh, uh, Last, the other question, the other, the other questions, Todd, is like, you know, again, they're, they're in this community. Like why is, why is this different? How have they not heard about this already being in the community? Um, because they, yeah, this is a great, this is a great point. And so how have they not heard this?

So this is an amazing point, right? And I'm gonna say this, I know this is being recorded, but I, I'm, I wouldn't say anything. I'm gonna say what it exactly, what I've said before and what I would say to the person who teaches this, that, um, it's never been shared this, this in this with this simple, simple language. And that's been my biggest issue from day one with like, I'm like, you know, he, you know, they talk about it's risk free, but they never, ever once explained what, the only reason why I know this was 'cause Damien explained it to me when I was like, you know, so Damien, how is it risk free? And he's like, because dude, you have 30 days to find a buyer.

You don't find a buyer, you cancel the contract. I'm like, you cancel the contract and you're done. You're outta the contract. He's like, yeah, you're done. You're outta the contract.

They, we, we typically give a hundred dollars earnest fee to the for, to put it under, but we have a 30 day contingency. And so at the end of 30 days, if you don't find a buyer, you cancel the contract and you don't know anything and you walk away. I'm like, well, why was that not said exactly like that? That was never said. I'm like, how is that not said instead?

Right? What what's really been focused on is that there are tons of these deals out there like that people are making money. Like here's tons of case studies of people making money. But I, I saw that there were always on these webinars and these bootcamps, right? There were all of these people that were always asking these questions that showed me based on their questions, that they weren't fully understanding this method.

They were like, well, where does the financing come from? There is no financing. Right? Like, they would, they would say things, you know, like, where does the financing come from? They would say like, you know, uh, you know, just, yeah.

Like all stuff related to, related to that. Like, well, you know, um, you know, what do I do if I get stuck with a property that, you know, that's not a good one. Like, you, you can't get stuck with a property. Like, and so all of these things made me just say, why isn't he just saying like, it's this man, you find a property, you get it under contract, you go, you find a buyer, you assign it to them for more money than what you got it under contract and you get the difference right now. And, And, and, and may, and maybe there's a metaphor there that should be made, right?

Like, like, like, look, you're just connecting. You're just connecting buyers and sellers, right? To the same way eBay does the same way Shopify does the same way. Yeah, that's a great point. Another great point.

Yeah. That's another great point. It might be, there may be some sort of metaphor. You're absolutely right, Teddy. That's a great point.

Uh, I'm gonna have to think about that. That is, that's a great point. He's not a player today. He is. No, you both are.

Well, because it's so similar. It's so similar to the other. That's why I'm like, I'm like, we're, we're gonna, I'm gonna model this. You're gonna model model mine. No, Yeah, no, it's great.

You're absolutely right, Teddy. That's, no, that's great. Oh, and then look, you know, for, for time purposes, um, so then I go, right? So this is where this is going. So, uh, and this is what this is.

So, and you're blessing an infinite number of people, and this is what it means to be a true kingdom wealth builder. So how, how, you know, how do you do this? I don't know. Again, I don't know if this is gonna be the, I don't know if many of these are gonna be the, um, the, the, um, the subhead, but, right. So now up until recently, the only way we at Wealth of God have been able to teach this real estate method to our community is as part of a multi-month real estate investing coaching program.

Of course, the more believers enrolling in the program, the more coaches we need, and the more coaches we need, the more expensive the program becomes for us, and therefore the more expensive the price for the, the coaching has to become for our community. In fact, right now, the fee for our real estate with God coaching program is $10,000. And even though at the, even though at that amount, it's still a tremendous value based on the results people are experiencing, I know it's cost prohibitive for most people in our Wealth with God community. And this is why recently asked Todd Dotson our lead coach and blah, blah, blah, what else we could do to, to teach this to folks just like you committed believers who are serious about growing wealth with God for kingdom purposes, but not in a position to invest 10, uh, $10,000, um, in coaching program. Right?

And then I'm gonna go on to introduce the fact that, um, we're taking the training program, the actual video course from the, the $10,000 coaching program, and we're offering it here. Uh, and for the first time we're giving people the ability to, you know, to, to go through, um, to go through that and then price presentation and that's it. And so that's kind of where, where I'm going with it. And so do, Do you, do you wanna, do you want to make that more, that particular part right there about asking Todd, like, what could we do versus, you know, like Jim go into bat for them. Like, you know, hey, I sat Todd down and said, Hey, you have to come up with a solution for all these other people Like that.

Dig it. Great. I, I I like that. Yep. Love it.

So Jim's the advocate fighting for fighting for an opportunity for them. Great stuff, Teddy. I love it. No, that's, that's great. And so, you know, and, and the interesting thing here is, so there's a couple, there's a couple things.

So, you know, what was interesting about this was, right, if you notice over here, the o the, so up until recently, the only way that we, we've been able to, um, teach this method, uh, is as part of a multi-month real estate investing coaching program. So the reason why I'm even bringing this up is because I'm trying to build value around what people pay to normally get access to this training, right? So that when, right, we're, you're getting access to the same training that ultimately people are paying $10,000 for granted, they're getting ac, you know, know, coaching and in person stuff and, and all that, you know, craziness, right? But you're getting the same training program. So this isn't some scaled down training program.

Uh, this is the, this is the training program at the same time, right? What I was conscious of was I didn't, I I, I was conscious of, I don't want somebody to be like, wow, you need a multi-month coaching program to teach this to people, like mm-hmm. Then how simple could this be if you need a multi-month? So, and I'll, I'm gonna play around with it a a little bit more, so it's right, like I'm trying to convey, and I probably need to do it clear over here that this is, it's, this is taught as part of a multi-month, meaning it's, it, there's other things. There's a lot more that gets taught in the, in the code, which is the case.

Um, but Right. So this is only one part to try to deal with that, right? But I, I'm sharing this with you guys because I just want you to see that, right? I'm always thinking about, right, okay, if I say this, do I crush what it is that I established a belief, a perspective? Can I change the perspective?

Like to something that I don't want them to have it right with what I'm saying now. And so I'm always, you know, I'm always aware of that. And so this was one of those, But even the, even the word investing in that sentence makes that feel different, Right? Yep. Fair enough.

Yep. You're right. Multi-month, I'll take out investing. I love it. I'm gonna go back and listen to this recording.

I love it. Um, and so, um, so yeah, that's, that's that. What I was gonna say was that the, the last thing that I'll say is that, um, is that, you know, on typically the way that typically this has been, not this exact offer, but this program has been sold before, and it comes with a whole bunch of bonuses, like, you know, like software and, and all this stuff. And while I am going to include like contracts that you can use, I have to be careful, I have to be sensitive because Right, if I say like, right, you get the whole contract bundle. Well, right, that now makes it more complex than you just need one contract.

Mm-hmm. There is a contract bundle that comes with this, because there are other methods of real estate that he teaches them how to do besides just this one method. But for this one method, you only need one, one contract. And so my, I'm sharing that with you, be, because on this, what I'm gonna try on the first version of this is to really keep the, um, to keep the, the e cover images, the hero images to a minimum. And so this is, it's, it's the antithesis of what really, like Damien likes very hero, image driven and whatnot.

But I just, in my gut, you know, I was thinking about something the other day, I was thinking about two things, which is kind of probably a great way for us to end. If you have any comments about it, I'd love to hear it. But I was thinking about two things that really kind of solidified my decision here to, to not go with, you know, hero images is one, is one something that Mark Ford, um, taught, uh, years ago, which was this idea of keeping the product invisible. And he talked about like, you know, you, you don't want them focusing on the product. You want them focusing on the transformation and the benefits of the product.

And sometimes you have to be careful that you don't, you know, you don't bring the actual product into focus instead of the outcome, right? Where they're now focusing on the product itself, like, you know, uh, and so, you know, we're build it's almost like you're building up so much excitement and life. This could be life transforming and money and better schooling and blessing others, and now all of a sudden we bring their focus to videos, like online videos in a portal. Yeah. And so like, Well, and, and just that bundle image is going to trigger, oh, there's another one of those things I bought and never, never went through, right?

Like, Yeah, well said. And so I'm gonna, you know, I'm gonna see if I can, you know, I'm gonna, I'm gonna put it to the test of I'm not gonna, I don't wanna bring that up. Like, I don't wanna show them, but it, It feels like it's just more about the offer, dude. And just like, you know, like if, if you add a hundred, a hundred dollars refund guarantee, right? Like, go sign your first contract.

If you can't find a buyer in 30 days, I'll pay you a hundred bucks. Like, Yeah, I love that. That's a pretty, That's a pretty good risk reversal. Teddy, you were on Fire today. Weird Teddy.

What the heck is going on here? Uh, I, it's all that working Out. You like my monster today? Yeah, That's, I love it. No, that's great.

Yeah, no, I, that's, I, I dig it. Can't argue with that. Yeah, no, that's great. The, the other thing I said, there were two things. One was that, that marketing, and the other thing that I thought of right, was I thought of like, man, you know, like the legends of, of copy and direct response for, you know, prior to the internet, were able to sell these things with no hero images, you know what I mean?

Like I was buying stuff from Dan Kennedy and seeing stuff from Gary Halbert. There were no hero images in there. And so I just, I don't, you know, it it, does that mean that everything that they did is still better than what we do today? No, but it certainly made me feel like, mark, keep it invisible. Yeah.

There's a lot of negative connotations potentially associated with showing that. Like, if I've seen those kind of images before, like Teddy said, I've bought stuff. I didn't go through it, I didn't do anything with it. Um, and yeah, man, these guys were selling stuff, you know, like when Halbert and Kennedy were selling, you know, kits, they weren't showing you pictures of the kit. Like, you know what I mean?

And I think to, to some extent, part of the excitement about the thing arriving on the doorstep was, I don't even know what this thing looks like. Can't wait to open the box and just see what it, what's inside. Mm-hmm. Um, and so, yeah, man, so we will, um, so we, we'll see. I'm, I'm super excited about this because this is the first piece of copy that I've written from beginning to end that wasn't like an improvement on somebody else's copy or an update to somebody else's copy.

And so, as long as I can get this approved, uh, you know, through compliance, it should be an interesting run. And I'll, I'll, I would also, I'll let you know, good or bad. Yeah. I mean, and I'm, I'm just telling you, 'cause I'm seeing this on our offer, which is I tested the long form version with a, with a lead and story and all the benefits and all that against just a, here's what it is and here's the price and unfortunately, here's what it is and here's the price is winning. Uh, That's not unfortunate.

Dude. I, I, listen if that's it, As long something's Winning, that's a, that's a beautiful thing, dude. Like, first of all, that's a, like, if you, if you're telling you what the offer, look, I could test a half, uh, I could test a version that's half the copy of this and it'll win you. I'm on board, buddy. I'm on board.

This is, this is, let, let me just say this, that, because this, this is a unique experience for me. What? Right. I know this is being recorded. This is a unique experience.

This thing's taken, this thing's taken months off my life because I'm like thinking this is in his name, right? It's under his that it's like I'm balancing these things. I, I wanna push it. I don't wanna push it. Like we got everything obviously has to be honest and ethical of course.

But it's like, and so if I could do it with half the copy and half the time, oh gosh, Teddy, I'm all in. And so don't ever feel ashamed to be like the non-direct response stuff. Beat the direct response stuff. I'm fine with that buddy. One Last, one last thing, Todd.

The, you don't have to go into the detail of this, just like yes or no, have you, apart from like positioning gym and everything else a bit more, if you were taking it to cold traffic, is there anything else you would change? No, that's a great point. And so the, 'cause I thought about that, you know, 'cause my hope is that this does do extremely well internally, which I, I, I think it will, but I think it will, you know, because there are people that again, are big, huge fans of Jim. Um, but the, um, the, just more about, uh, Jim and so having Jim in there, some endorsements of Jim, like who Jim is. Um, other than that though, no, I don't believe that I would change anything else in here.

Um, no. Just that section on Jim. Okay. And so hopefully we'll fi we'll get to find out and we'll get to put it to the test. And so we'll see.

Yeah. And so, cool. Sweet. I, I appre thank you guys. This was great for me.

And so kudos you both great, great stuff. Gets the, teddy gets the gold star today for sure. He was, uh, he's a rockstar. And so Teddy, you've raised the bar. You've raised the bar buddy.

Nice. And so I expect from you going forward, but all right, you guys are outta here. Thank you so much. I'll keep you posted on this. Thank you guys.

Cheers guys. Joe, guys.
