---
title: "cc_2023-09-05"
date: 2023-09-05
duration: 33m
duration_seconds: 2038
vimeo_id: 861340390
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-09-05

**Date:** 2023-09-05 | **Duration:** 33m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right. So as I mentioned on, um, in Slack, I decided last minute to take a right turn on, uh, on today's call. I thought that this would be fun. And so what we're gonna do is we're gonna look at, we're gonna quickly take a look at the screenshot of the page, uh, that, um, Marlon Sanders posted that kind of caused a whole bunch of, um, of feedback, a whole bunch of comments. I only read, uh, a half a dozen comments, and so I'm not sure what the rest of the comments were, but I think that this is, this'll be kind of a fun discussion for us, because we're gonna talk a little bit about, um, the unique mechanism.

I really just want this to be a chill discussion where we're gonna talk about what you think is, is great about this, what you would do differently, um, all of that. I do wanna make it crystal clear first before I, I I share my screen. Um, that I think that, uh, Marlon is a great marketer. He's been doing this a very long time. He obviously, uh, knows what he's doing.

Um, he is successful at what it is that he does. And so this is in no way, shape or form a knock on Marlon. I think, look, the reality is, is that when it comes to marketing, there is obviously a lot of subjectivity in terms of how we approach marketing. And so, uh, I'm sure he could look at my stuff and, and pick out what he would do differently. That's okay.

So me or us sharing what we would do differently from what Marlon did is not a knock against Marlon. It's just what we would do differently. And I'll explain why I would do it the way that I would do it. And so, with that being said, let's take a look at this, um, over here. And so you can see the Post.

And Teddy, can you just share, just make sure that, uh, I'm not, I know Michael had commented, but I'm not sure if Damien saw, can you kind of just share what made you share this thread, this post in our group in Slack related to this page? Yes. So it wasn't so much the, the opt-in page itself. It was, you know, Marlon had posted that kind of asking, asking for feedback on it, and whether people would, would opt in. And so it was interesting to see, you know, some other well-known names, blah, blah, Mike Dillard's, uh, you know, their comments on it, uh, stuff like that.

But there, I got the sense that there was this, this kind of general, it, it felt like there was a theme, and maybe I read it wrong. 'cause the, the way Michael and Paul read it, and even you read the comments, I think came across a little bit differently. But it, it was almost like there was a theme of that a unique mechanism wasn't necessary, or that it was, I mean, certainly the way he worded it was a little fluffy, uh, that kind of thing. A little vague. Um, so I just thought it was an interesting discussion in terms of how people viewed an opt-in page these days.

Uh, and whether, whether there had, whether we had gotten potentially to a point where, uh, the idea of having big idea, uh, obviously big ideas and unique Mexican aren't going away. But I don't know, it just, it was coming across as like, we needed something different, maybe. I don't know. Yeah. Very, um, very interesting.

I mean, it's definitely, you know, some, some of the comments that I read were, were interesting. I read, uh, the comment from Mike Dillard. Um, and so, which, we'll, which we'll talk about 'cause I think it's worth kind of unpacking, um, a little bit. Uh, what were your thoughts, Michael, when you kind of first, 'cause I know that you commented on this with Teddy when you first, uh, jumped over to the, um, the Post and, you know, you read Teddy's comment, uh, in Slack and then jumped over to the post, saw this and saw the comments, kind of what was the first thing that popped into your head? Oh, oh, I keep, yeah, I don't know if your mic is working.

Oh, nope. Still not coming through. Nope. All right. We'll come back to, to, um, to Michael.

Um, and so at any point, Michael, if you think you fix the mic, just chime in, open it up and, and say something if we hear you. Okay, There you go. Yes. Can you hear me? Yep.

Okay. So the only thing I really, I noted was that he was probably asking the wrong people, you know what I mean? I mean, he was asking high level marketers, they were all chiming in and really, this, this offer, this message is not really for them. So that, that was my only thought at the time. Okay.

Okay. And I think that that's, I think that that's right. Look, you know, I, I think you know, it, it's kind of interesting because to kind of kick us off to get into this, before we get into the weeds with some of the, the copy, the unique mechanism, the tactical stuff is, you know, the more the, the more I, uh, the, the longer I've been involved with marketing, the more I believe that there is so much nuance to, um, to how things need to be done, right? That, you know, I've, I've said before that, you know, we have to be very careful that we don't apply these, you know, these black and white right, wrong rules to marketing as if they apply in all circumstances, in all instances with all products, in all markets, um, at all price points and, and so on. I think that, you know, you really truly could, I could certainly make the case if given enough time that there, there is almost, you know, there, there's a whole bunch of pieces to marketing, and you can almost create, you know, um, several dozen different puzzles with those pieces based on different products, different markets, different levels of sophistication, different audiences, different awareness levels, different price points, you know, uh, like so, so much, right?

That there, there are different sets of rules that can apply in, in so many different variations. Um, you know, the interesting thing with, with this is specifically with this is that, you know, let's talk a little bit about for one second, the first the idea of, um, of that people were kind of, uh, what, what would you say, pushing back on the idea of a unique mechanism, that's really kind of what caught my attention was the idea, the thought that, hey, like people were pushing back on the idea of, you know, like he doesn't need a unique mechanism in here. Why is he using it? People are getting tired of the unique mechanism, the unique mechanism is unnecessary. Uh, people tend to, you know, uh, tend to get turned off when they see unique mechanism.

Well, a couple things in no particular order, number one, I would say there is no unique mechanism here, right? I shared that in, in Slack. I wanna be clear. I would say num, there is no unique mechanism. First and foremost, remember something, it's important that we, we, we differ between a mechanism and a unique mechanism, right?

So a unique mechanism is a mechanism that's proprietary to Marlon in this case, right? It's proprietary to the, to the publisher, to the marketer, to the, to the company. Um, and so if we look at, right, even in the, the headline, how I sold 70,000 plus digital products online with free advertising, that's, there is no unique mechanism. If you, if you say, how did he get the result of selling 70,000 plus digital products? Well, he did it with free advertising.

Free advertising is the mechanism by which he did it, right? That the mechanism, that's not a unique mechanism. Now, look, let me, let me say this in just talking about free advertising. If he elaborated on that, if, let's say it was a, if he, if he went down this sort of path where it was a brand new, virtually untapped source of free advertising that the masses haven't discovered yet, that is being referred to as blah, blah, blah, advertising, then he has a unique mechanism, right? But just saying free advertising, right?

Changes it from the possibility of a unique mechanism to just a mechanism, right? Because free advertising is a commodity, it's general, it's generic, right? And so before we go on, does that make sense, that little thing alone? 'cause that's, that's important. It's a basic distinction, but it's an important distinction.

Does that make sense? Yes. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I mean, my assumption was his attempt at the mechanism was that ful point thing in the first bullet. It just, And you were right.

Like, you're right in that, right? I, I think that, so look, I think right then he said, right, how I used leverage to sell digital products. Um, my leverage secret, fulcrum point, right? I think that number one, let's be clear about this. So how I use leverage to sell digital products.

So, um, first of all, I think, right, Damien would just, for what it's worth, just to throw it out there, Damien would, would jump all over the use of the word used instead of the word use. How I use leverage to sell digital products. Uh, I know Damien catches that all the time, but the idea of leverage, leverage is, is a commodity, right? There's no, there's nothing unique about leverage, right? Like, 'cause, because Marlin can say that he uses leverage.

I could say that I use leverage. You could say you, you use leverage, right? And so there, there's nothing unique about that. Now, as I said, Go ahead. Can I hop in?

Yeah. Because you said my, Sure. I wanna Be known for something other than, uh, the use of Jaron form of verbs. So, so, uh, just, you know, and, and, and this might help, uh, folks who are listening to this later that weren't necessarily here through the whole thread. I kind of heard about it here and there, but I was not entrenched, uh, in this highly hot, uh, hotbed activity around copy.

But so the, he put this up and sort of the argument was around, you still need unique mechanisms, but that makes, I, I don't even understand the whole, I don't understand the whole conversation. 'cause there's No, no, no, no. That wasn't, hang on. That wasn't the question. He, he posted this and he just asked folks if they would opt in right to this.

And then based on the comments that he got and what people were saying, what they, you know, why they would or wouldn't opt in. Um, they were giving feedback. There was, right. Teddy felt like there was, there was some evidence that people were potentially, um, pushing back on the idea of a unique mechanism. That's how this conversation came about, that number one there, right?

To me, there is no unique mechanism here. Um, but I, but there's a lesson coming in, in just a little bit. So that wasn't why he posted this. Got okay. I just wanted to make clear.

'cause Yeah, that there's, this is so clearly cra I, I mean, it, it almost couldn't be more generic if someone tried, but, all right, thank you. Yep. You got it. Um, and so, Teddy, were you gonna add something? No, I, I think, you know, and I think that's potentially the thing, right?

Like for, for the, for the, the more newbie or BOP market, like, does it make sense to be more generic or Not? And that's the, that's the other thing that I was gonna say, right? That and, and Teddy, you know, look in, in, in the spirit of, of fairness, you have brought this up for years. You've talked about this and, and, and asked this kind of, this kind of question. Look, can you get away with this type of general, um, you know, gen to, for, for newbies, let's say, for people that haven't been exposed to, to, excuse me, what the more sophisticated marketers, obviously you can, right?

Like the, the, you know, the answer is yes, there are people that are selling to newbies. You could see, like, look, you could take a guy like Marlon, and this is not in any way, shape or form a a knock. This is a, if anything, a salute, a tipping of the hat that, right? He sells to a certain audience, he has a certain audience. That audience is typically not made up of sophisticated, experienced, high level marketers, right?

Why? Because sophisticated, experienced, high level marketers would not respond to this, right? But the newbie, the person who's just like, they just heard about funnels, you know, four weeks ago and they're just learning what affiliate marketing is, and they're just learning about the idea of traffic and conversions. Sure. Absolutely.

And so that's, that the, the, you know, again, for lack of a better word, the the nuance of yeah, the, the, the audience, right, is gonna drive whether this is going to be effective or not. Just like Michael said, if you're asking, you know, if you've created something for newbies and now you're asking, let's say, skilled marketers, whether they would opt in, of course it, that's n no go. That's not the, that's not a smart thing to do, right? Because you're, it's two completely different audiences with two completely different sets of desires, knowledge gaps, the, the whole nine. And so, um, so yeah, I think that Teddy, what you've always said is absolutely spot on that this would work for newbies.

It's not gonna work for, um, for, uh, for advanced folks. The thing to understand, and this is right, this is the thing to understand, and I haven't talked about this in a long time, but we used to really drill this in years ago when we first started talking about, um, the promise exposure, um, spectrum. And right, and we've talked about this as it relates to the, um, prospect awareness pyramid thing to understand, right? Is that, is that you can create something that has a unique mechanism and right, so that it works for, let's say the more sophisticated people. And that will still work for a newbie.

In other words, just because it has a unique mechanism doesn't mean that it's not gonna appeal to the newbie. But when you take a message that doesn't have a unique mechanism, while it will still appeal to the newbie, it will not appeal to the sophisticated marketer. Do you understand? That's why, right? I lean in favor of the unique mechanism because the unique mechanism will still work for the newbie as well as the sophisticated marketer.

But the absence of a unique mechanism will not work for the sophisticated marketer while it does work for the, the, the, the newbie. And so in this, go ahead. And I, and I think it's worth driving home the point, Todd. 'cause I feel like there's no wink just for everybody. 'cause I know you, like, there's no wink wink or tongue in cheek of like, yeah, this won't work for the sophisticated marketer, as is to say it's an inferior subpar or deficient form of marketing.

It's just identifying that certain levels of sophistication and messaging are more appropriate for different audiences. And we talk all the time, like how glorious it would be to be in certain markets where people haven't heard every single promise, every single thing, and they're so not so crazy exposed that you have to really work so hard. So it's not, it's not at all a commentary on whether it's not a good or bad. It's what's good is to match your message to sophistication level of your prospect in the market. Well said.

Absolutely. It has nothing to do with quality of, of marketing. Absolutely. And really, we could even take the idea of a unique mechanism and break it down even more into the, it, it's, it's the idea of we need to demonstrate that we've got something different, right? And so think about it like this in ultra simple, uh, um, terms, the newbie has only been exposed to very little, right?

Let's just give it a general, uh, uh, make a sweeping generalization. The newbie has, has only been exposed, they've been exposed to very little, right? Therefore, it doesn't take a whole lot to differentiate, right? Because there's not a whole lot we have to differentiate from. But when you go to the sophisticated marketer, they've been exposed to a lot.

And therefore, right? We've got to differentiate from a lot, right? And so in order to do that in, in a way where like, in order to do that in one fell swoop, we do it with a unique mechanism because it's completely different from everything else. Boom, period done. Doesn't matter whether they've been exposed to 10 things, 12 things, eight things, right?

Unique mechanism. This is completely different from anything else they've seen, heard, tried, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And so you're, you know, Damien is absolutely right in that it's not about quality, it's just about understanding the audience, right? That for the sophisticated marketer, they've seen a lot. And what people wanna know is right, that they wanna know, is this different from what it is that I already know?

Is this different from what it is that I've already heard? Is this different from what it is that I've already tried? Because people don't get excited about retrying things that they've already done in the past. People don't have new levels of hope around the idea of redoing something that they've already done or relearning something that they've already learned, right? Or implementing something that they've already implemented at one point.

That hope comes from something new and different. New and different, right? New and different. And so, um, getting back to, um, to this bad boy, as I said in, Can I say one more Thing? Yeah, sure.

Of course. I'm Feeling participatory today 'cause I'm a little, little fired up about this. 'cause you and I have had conversations about this as well. I think the other thing that's really important for people to recognize is that like, you know, we talk about new and different. Um, and there was a day, and I know, and I think it's the, whatever, the, the legendary Schitz beer or whatever, and tell the story about how they came up with a way and everybody else was doing it, but they named it and that made it unique and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

But like in today's ultra competitive, ultra far swimming markets, like the point, like the whole point, I think that, I think the reason that some people might sometimes get a little rubbed the wrong way or disenchanted about a unique mechanism is 'cause they think it's just like, well do the same junk everybody else does, but give it a cool name and don't understand that the whole point of the unique mechanism is to highlight that which you are truly doing uniquely different. Not that you're doing what everybody else does, but you're figuring out a way to use words to describe it, but that you actually are doing something in your product or service that is uniquely different and offers value or a problem solution to your market that cannot be solved in some other way. Well said, that is a, that's a mic drop moment. And I'm glad that you, you, you brought that up. You said it a a bit more eloquently than, than I was going to.

Look, here's the reality. Talking about switching gears now and going immediately to the idea of, of, uh, you know, are people starting to resist, you know, the unique mechanism? And this is important. And so I want you to listen to this. I know Teddy had to jump, but hopefully he'll be listening to the recording, uh, um, later along with everybody else that like, look, number one, you've gotta recognize that first and foremost, that those comments on when, uh, when this was posted, those comments were comments from people in the online marketing universe.

So that's the very first thing that you've gotta realize, right? That any kind of feelings, beliefs, attitudes, you can't apply sw sweeping across all markets. You've gotta recognize that, um, that there are different feelings, different beliefs, different perspectives from market to market, right? And so if, if it was the case that the unique mechanism was now looked, looked upon as a negative thing, um, that may be the case that it's only in our market, right? And it's not in other markets.

Now that being said, let me be crystal clear. 'cause I think that Damien was absolutely spot on. That here's the issue. The issue is that it isn't, that people are becoming resistant to unique mechanisms. People are becoming resistant, resistant to the distorted mechanisms that people are now trying to roll out, right?

In the online marketing universe. In other words, in the online marketing world, in the internet marketing space, what's happened is exactly what Damien said, which is that people, marketers have taken this idea of the unique mechanism that we introduced, you know, years ago based on the original, originally based on the work of Jean Schwartz, right? And, and they've distorted the entire thing. And instead of actually identifying what does make their product unique, uh, um, different in terms of how it works to produce the result, all they've done is exactly what Damien has said. They've taken a fancy pants name and they've slapped it on a very generic general commoditized approach to whatever it is that they do.

They've given it a fancy name, and now everybody and their brother has this, you know, um, this fancy name for their thing. And that's why, what what's happened is that a lot of people in our marketplace or in the online marketing space are now jaded as it relates to those things because they know that, that it's, it's empty. They know that there's nothing behind the fancy name, right? Most of the time, most of the time in the marketing, there is no explanation of how the the mechanism works. There is no argument for the mechanism.

There is no detail, uh, behind how the mechanism works, right? Then they get the product and they realize there is nothing unique about this, right? They just gave it a fancy name. And so now what people are doing is they are starting to see anything with a, uh, with a unique name. They're starting to categorize it all as like, yeah, that's the, the, you know, the magic mechanism.

That's the, the right, that's the empty, the, the, the, the nonsense. And so, excuse me. And so number one, I would challenge the idea that outside of the IM space, you're not gonna see that. You're not gonna see that, right? And so that's, that's in the, in the imm space, in the online marketing space, I would say that's why it's so critical that we are always able to give an argument and an explanation for how and why the unique mechanism works.

This is why I hammer our clients and students so much about when they, when they say that, like, when they come up with a fancy pants name, and I always say, well, tell me how it works, Don. I don't care about the name, right? This is why I've always said, when you, when you see me give a presentation about the unique mechanism, the name is far less important than our ability to explain how and why it works. If we can't explain how and why it works, we don't have a unique mechanism. We have a unique name that we slapped on something.

And until you can give an explanation for how and why it works, you have something empty, right? And of course, like all other empty, uh, uh, you know, evidence lists, uh, claims, right? They're gonna fall flat, right? And that's what, that's what it is that we're, we're seeing. So when you see people that, right?

When you see comments from people that are like, uh, you know, the, I think that the comment from one, um, respected marketer was, in fact, let me see if I could find it. Was some was about like the, you know, I don't like, uh, mystery, I don't think curiosity or mystery works well these days. In my observations, people tend to respond to things that are really clear. So couple things, right? I don't think that this, that marketer, um, is saying that, you know, curiosity doesn't work 'cause that would just be dead wrong, right?

Curiosity is one of the most powerful. I think that what he's saying is this, these, this empty the, the this empty, you know, I'm gonna name it the, the drummed the drummed method, right? And like, there's no explanation of how it works. There's no explanation of what, what it, what it does. There's no explanation of what makes it superior.

And, um, and uh, that's to me, if anything, what I can understand where there's com it's a complete mystery. Um, and there's nothing, yeah, I would agree with that. Like, look, you know, and, and this is why that's not a unique mechanism. Like to me, it's, it's not a unique mechanism is when you're able to make a promise, you're able to say, right, I'm able to deliver that promise, right? In a way that's different from what it is that you've experienced before.

That way is called, you know, T M B. And here's how and why t m B works. If you can't explain how and why the mechanism works, you don't have a unique mechanism. And the problem is when people go completely blind with these, you know, with a foe mechanism, right? Like a bogus mechanism, a magic mechanism, and they keep the whole thing blind.

Yeah, I, I understand why people are, are, um, are bothered or miffed by that. And so, um, and so just for time purposes getting back here, since I know Michael, it's now you and I, Damien had to jump as well getting back here. So the, how I use leverage to sell, um, to sell digital products. So I wrote, um, over here, let me see, um, I wrote over here, he could've had a, um, if you would've talked about using a certain approach to leverage, right? I called it, I just said fulcrum based leverage to get all the free advertising.

In other words, if you would've said how I used a unique type of leverage, how I used a, a new form of leverage, or how I used a, you know, a cool type of leverage called fulcrum based leverage, which got me all the free traffic that I needed to sell those 70,000, um, products. Okay? Now, the idea of fulcrum based leverage could have been right, and I'm just not that I would've went with that as a, as a unique mechanism, but yeah, that could have. But the way that it's stated here is not a unique mechanism, right? Is not a unique mechanism.

And so the, um, the only other thing that I'm gonna say on this, which is not at all related to this discussion of the unique, um, the, uh, the unique mechanism, but I'm just gonna throw it out anyway 'cause I said that, um, I would, over here is this last bullet and this, this last bullet on the list over here. So the headline is How I sold $70,000, excuse me, 70,000 digital products online with three advertising. Here's what you'll learn, how I use leverage to sell digital products. How, how to get started within 20 minutes, complete walkthrough. The key to the, the key to the growth of your business.

No one is telling you click here to watch the video problem. The, the, the thing that I would tweak about this is, this has nothing to do with this topic of selling digital products online, free advertising, the unique mechanism, like, right? Um, now the, what what he reveals may have something to do with, with this, but the way that it's written here, it almost seems like he's introducing a different topic or another topic in the bullet. I would always keep everything on point. I would always keep everything on point.

If I'm talking to people that want to, to sell more product, that wanna get, you know, that wanna know my method for doing that, everything is going to be in that vein, is gonna be an additional benefit of that, an additional way to do that. I'm not gonna introduce any, anything new, right? It's that the rule of wand, the rule of one. I'm gonna stay, um, I'm gonna stay on point. Um, this was, I guess a version that he, he may test.

Um, I'm not sure if there's anything worth, um, sharing here. Yeah, there's nothing even worth going, going over, but there you go. I just thought that that would be, um, an interesting conversation. I think that it's so important, like I said, to, you know, to realize like, look, you know, the online marketing world has, has been exposed to a lot of these foe mechanisms. And so to me that just makes it that much more important that you're able to present an argument for the mechanism with evidence and support, right?

And you do it quickly, right? Um, it's also to me why I think I'm, I'm even more sensitive today in not naming the mechanism something that, um, sounds promotional or sounds commercial. Um, you know, I go, you know, it's not about don't, don't try to use the name of the mechanism to build your brand. Don't try to use the name of the mechanism to give another benefit. Don't try to make it, you know, use the name of the mechanism to make the product sound more compelling or easier to use, or that it works faster.

Make it sound legitimate, make it sound scientific, make it sound official, and get the prospect excited through the explanation of how and why it works to produce the result better than anything else. That's, that's to me, and that's what I think what I think people have missed and what people don't understand. And they've looked at the unique mechanism, the ones that use the foe mechanism, the ones that have distorted this idea of the mechanism that have now put people on guard what they think that it's a hack. And they think the hack is, let me give my thing a name, let me take my method, right? Whatever my method is, whether my method is is unique or whether my method is a commodity, and let me slap a fancy name on it and just slapping a fancy name on it, does the trick.

In other words, they think that the name is and, and has the conversion power. To me, that's it. The name has zero conversion power, no matter how good or bad it is. The conversion power comes in my ability to present a rock solid airtight argument that shows you how and why this thing works to produce better results than anything else. That's the power.

That's where the conversion comes in. That's where the real belief from people comes in. That's where the excitement comes in, right? From, um, from, from people when they, when they say, I get it. Holy cow, that makes a lot of freaking sense to me.

Like, I see it. If, if that's the way that this thing works, man, that's, that's a powerhouse. And so, right, that's the, that's why it's so important that we get clear on how and why the mechanism works in advance. And we get clear on that argument for the unique mechanism. 'cause that's the power, right?

It's not the name, it's not merely having a unique mechanism. It's not merely naming something with a, with a, with a cool name. That the power, it's the ability to explain how and why this different approach is able to produce superior results. How and why, right? This different mechanism is able to produce superior results.

That explanation, the ability to do that is where the money is made. And so, Michael, anything to add to wrap us up? Uh, no, not a thing, Todd. Okay, awesome. There you go.

Hopefully that, that'll sit for everybody and give, you know, give everybody something to kind of ponder and be, you know, get honest, uh, um, about, you know, I think again, the unique mechanism, it's not a hack, right? It's not, it's not a hack. It's, it's a process. It's a methodology that we use to be able to highlight what makes our thing special, right? And it needs to come with evidence, needs to come with support, needs to come with, um, an argument.

If you can't explain how and why it works to produce superior results, you don't have a unique mechanism. You really don't. You have a full mechanism and you're then, if you have a fancy name and then you're, you're then adding to the problem. You're just contributing to the problem. You're just increasing the resistance of the, um, of the marketplace.

Fortunately, like, you know, like, uh, I think it was Damien who said earlier, right? Like, fortunately we know that this is, you know, at least right now, it's isolated in the, um, in the online marketing, you know, community, because of course, online marketers love to ruin everything. And so, uh, there you go. But that's all she wrote for today. Have an amazing day, uh, Michael, and we'll chat soon, buddy.

Okay, thanks Todd. You got.
