---
title: "cc_ 2024-12-03"
date: 2024-12-03
duration: 50m
duration_seconds: 3025
vimeo_id: 1035721972
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-12-03

**Date:** 2024-12-03 | **Duration:** 50m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right, gang. So today what we're gonna talk about is we're gonna talk about an element of copy specifically, uh, specifically avoiding overselling, or really avoiding, you know, avoiding, uh, saying anything that would make the copy unbelievable or hard to believe specifically in this, in this context, right? Trying too hard, and you're gonna understand what I mean, uh, uh, uh, by that in just a second. Now, we've talked about this before, but I want you to understand again, where this is coming from. So, last week I shared with you, uh, a few of the things, a few of the, kind of the big picture things that kind of were on the, the, the top of my mind from working with this, uh, this particular client, their copy team and whatnot.

And, uh, and I wanna continue with that theme this week. And the reason why I wanna talk a little bit about avoiding overselling is because what I want you to understand is that, is that the single most important thing with our copy is that the prospect believes what it is that we're saying, right? Like, in other words, a prospect who doesn't believe what it is that we are saying, doesn't believe that they can experience X, Y, z doesn't believe that the transformation is easy or simple or fast, or whatever it may be. If they don't believe what it is that we are saying, they are not going to buy. You could nail all of the other aspects of copy.

You could nail all of the other aspects of prose. And if they don't believe what it is that we are saying, they will not buy. And today, this is kind of interesting because I really kind of approach this from two different, kind of two different perspectives that I, that I hold at the same time. The, the first one is, of course, what it is that I am doing to get them to believe the thesis, right? And so, obviously, I go into every campaign understanding what do I want them to believe, or what do I need them to believe in order to buy?

We're always crystal clear on that, that is the campaign thesis, right? I know that the campaign thesis then becomes my north star in the copy, in the campaign. Everything that I'm doing, saying, showing and presenting is ultimately there to lead to the acceptance of the, the thesis, right? And so that's about creating the right belief. At the same time, I am very aware of the things that I could say, uh, that could trigger a lack of belief, meaning that could trigger doubt, right?

Like, that could make what it is that I'm saying questionable. And so I always strive to avoid those things, and I'm gonna give you those kind of categories, uh, in, in just a, in just a minute. Uh, but I'm, I'm making sure that I don't say anything that would raise doubt. So while I am presenting this rock solid, airtight logical and emotional argument to prove the thesis, I'm also striving not to say anything that can trigger doubt, a skepticism, raise a question in their, in their mind. And so this is where it's, it's kind of an interesting thing.

This is where oftentimes a lot of copywriters, even this right over with this, this client, these, you know, multi hundred million dollar plus, you know, uh, business, uh, great copywriters, wildly successful, they tend to always favor the dramatic in copy. The, they look for the flare, they look for the, you know, you know, oftentimes they're looking for the right phrase. They're looking for the right benefit. They're looking for the right phrase for the right benefit. And oftentimes in the process, they can sacrifice believability, because you're trying to be so compelling and so exciting and so dramatic, and, uh, so much better than, uh, uh, excuse me, your competitors, right?

They're so focused on that, that they can often say things that cross over the line and now raise doubt. And when you raise doubt, and certainly like, look, you do it without question enough times in a marketing campaign, in a sales letter, in a, in a funnel, uh, in a marketing message, you're definitely losing the sale, right? You risk losing the sale or losing the person when you, when you raise that doubt, depending on the level of it one time, because then it potentially makes everything else that you say questionable. And so, when you are faced with this decision of the overly dramatic, or I should really say the dramatic to not load this, uh, the dramatic against the believable, lean in favor of believable, I would rather you back the promise off, back the claim, off, back, the benefit off, and make it believable, then blow up that side of things, enlarge that side of things, and have it be questionable. And so, right?

I lean in favor of believable. I strongly believe today that a, a even a lower, lower level of payoff, a a payoff that is not as grand as competitors, that is absolutely believable, believable and in the prospect, in the prospect's minds, they get it. They see it, they understand it, and they believe that it can occur for them, is more persuasive. Today is more persuasive than is that over the top, you know, big, larger than life, but yet very weak, uh, argument type of structure. I'd rather back it off and make it believable than blow it up and have it be questionable.

And so with that, let's go over to this bad boy right here. Oops, do this. I don't have the setting right on this. Hang on, view, play in full screen. Okay, so you guys should be able to see the slide deck, right?

So, seven ways to avoid overselling in our copy. We've talked about this, I believe once before. Uh, and so oversell, I said this earlier, that right, to be too eager or insistent in attempting to sell something. And really, the, the, the word that I would add to this definition right, is to appear even too eager, right? To come off as too eager to have the message appear, manipulative, to feel it for the prospect to, to see it, to feel it.

Maybe not be able to recognize it necessarily if they don't understand copy. But to, to, to feel that you are being too eager to present with excessive or unwanted enthusiasm over praise to make excess claims for, to exaggerate the merits of, this is one of those things where I know that, right? Like, you know, definitions can often, like, who cares about the, the definition? But I think if you look at, at, at these four ways of kind of, you know, defining, um, overselling, uh, or really, uh, you know, criteria, whatever you want to call it, right? Like, you look at, does my copy come off as too, too eager, too aggressive, too apparent that it is pushing for the sale, right?

This is where one of those things, I, I've said this before and I'll say it again. You know, the thing that, one of the things, one of the many things that I've absolutely fell in love with when, uh, reading the Agora promos, was that it never felt like a sales pitch. It felt like a piece of education. It felt like editorial. It just so happened that that editorial was presenting an argument that led you somewhere that led you to ultimately want the product in the end, which is what we talk about all the time, right?

When, when we talk about ultimately, this is why Peter Drucker said that, right? The job of marketing is to make super, is to make selling superfluous, to make selling unnecessary marketing. When it's done right, it leads people to want the thing that you, uh, ultimately are offering them. The thing that I loved was that it about the Agora stuff, right? That I'm a, I'm a big believer in, and I think it is more valuable today than ever before, is that it never, ever had any sort of appearance that it was, um, eagerly selling you or even attempting to sell you right on a product.

If anything, it certainly would, would appear that it was selling you on an idea, right? Selling you on a concept, selling you on a belief. That's okay. I think that a right lots of editorial does that. I mean, nonfiction books, uh, many nonfiction books attempt to do that.

They sell you on an idea, but it never felt like I was being pitched, right? And so you have to ask yourself, does this come off as too eager, as too insistent over here, right? To present with excessive or unwanted enthusiasm or over praise. This to me is right. Are you making this sound, um, better than what it is?

And, and it's apparent that you're doing that. It's, it's apparent that you're making this out to be, um, to be more than what it really is, right? And so the, the thing that we, we wanna, uh, again, we wanna a avoid the, the appearance of that, the feel of that, the vibe of that. I would say that, you know, close to that is to make excessive claims for and exaggerate the merits of, are you overexaggerating? And is it apparent that you're over-exaggerating, or at least does it feel that way?

Does it come across that way that this is a bit over the top? This is a bit much the right. We're, we're, we're now laying out excessive claim, excessive meaning too much, not, not that we have too many claims or claims of benefit, right? Uh, or claims of result, but like it, we're stretching the, um, we're stretching the depth, so to speak, of these claims and exaggerate and or exaggerating the men, the, the, the merits, the benefits of the results that can be produced by, right? Is it coming across that way?

And so, before I go on, does that make sense? And does anybody have anything to add to that? Any way that you would describe it or talk about it? It should be pretty, pretty apparent. Good.

Okay. So let's start with number one of the seven, which is over promising, right? And, and this is, this is one of those things, right? Like that, you know, if you go back to the, uh, original way that I talked about the, um, the primary promise, it's like, right? Like, what is the biggest, boldest, most audacious thing that we can promise that is true and believable?

That's, I always said, right? What is the biggest, boldest, most audacious thing that we can promise that is true and believable? And the reason why I say true and believable is because true isn't always believable. And what's believable isn't always true, right? And so, obviously, you know, ethically we want it to be true, but we want it to be believable.

And sometimes, right? We see things that I see copy come across my, my my desk that most specifically, like with this, you know, with this, with this client that is just, um, over the top in terms of what it's promising. And, you know, it's one of those things, you know, I'll remind you guys of, you know, the question that usually comes up when I talk about well, don't over promise, right? Is, well, what if you're going up against competitors and they're promising things out the wazoo and they don't care about the ethical, you know, ethics, integrity, or anything like that, right? Well, what about that?

Well, you know, you have to, this is where, again, finger on the pulse of the market, sometimes the market comes to see those claims. When the, when the market reaches this point of kind of call it, of saturation with these hyped up exaggerated promises, they now, they, they now recognize and begin to interact with those promises, with lots of skepticism, doubt. And like, almost to, to some extent, they brush it off. This is why when Gary Vega years ago came out with the how to get Rich slowly promo, the thing became a massive of control, and it couldn't be knocked off for the longest time. Now, you would think, who in the world, what copywriter would approve how to get rich slowly, right?

Like, who would approve that? It sounds terrible, right? But again, no context, knowing the market, knowing what it is that they were seeing, what it is that they were being inundated with, and their feeling towards those, those promises. That's an example of backing it off and making it believable, right? Back it off and make it believable.

I, I, I wholeheartedly believe that today in a market like the internet marketing, uh, arena, if you could back something off and prove it, rock solid, airtight logical, emotional argument that they could experience that outcome, that that will, uh, that is extremely persuasive, more so than the over the top promises that have no support. Underneath that are just claim, claim, claim, claim, claim. Um, over the top promise, uh, excuse me. So over promising. Um, this is, you know, it's similar to the next one, which is just, you know, hyped up claims, hyped up claims about the, the product, about the deliverable, even hyped up claims about the, um, the unique mechanism.

This is different from over promising, over promising is, right? Like if you're like, look here to, you know, how to drop 27 pounds a week for the next three weeks, you know, in a row, like you're over promising hyped up claims. Are any additional claims that you're making about the, about the mechanism, about the, the solution, about the deliverables in the product that become, again, hard to believe, like where you're, you're blowing it up too much, and you need to rein it in. You need to rein it in. Similar to this is, um, exaggerating.

And this is, you know, just, again, this isn't necessarily in the realm of the promise or claims specifically. This is just in general. So this could be both on the positive side and the negative side. Like, you have to be careful, like, look, you know, saying something like, um, you know, this, you know, uh, um, like the Google, the Gmail, uh, the Gmail update or whatever the Gmail update, um, is, um, is this causing an end to email marketing, right? Like you have, and I'm not saying that that's necessarily, you know, crazy over the top or a bad, uh, idea.

I'm not saying it's a good idea by any stretch, but right? That's an example of potentially exaggerating. In this case, you're exaggerating the negative, you're exaggerating the damage, you're exaggerating what could happen if you don't learn this, right? If you don't take action on this, if you don't understand this, right? And so you, you have to make sure that what you're saying is within the realm of reality and is believable.

Now, that doesn't mean that we're not gonna paint, uh, a picture, right? A gruesome picture, but that, that gruesome picture can't be an exaggerated picture. It's not gruesome and exaggerated or an exaggeratedly gruesome picture, right? And so we're still gonna paint the negative picture, but we're not gonna over exaggerate the negative. You're gonna be real.

And this is where it, it goes back to like, look, I, I don't wanna step out for one second and say this, this is also why, and I want you to, to listen to me here. 'cause I think that there's massive value in what it is that I'm about to say. This is why I, I am such a big believer in the, um, the idea, the thesis, the argument, those things being so critical and so important, so important that not only you have clarity on them, but that you've picked the right, you know, idea, thesis, you know, uh, you've put together the right argument. Because when done right, I do not believe, you don't need to exaggerate. Like, you don't need to use hyped up claims.

You don't need to over promise. What you've got is so interesting, so compelling, um, and so strong in its foundation, in its argument that you just let that shine through. And that's why I believe that when we, when we spend little time or not enough time on the idea, and what are we ultimately try and, and the solution and what we're ultimately trying to prove, and putting together that logic chain, that argument, right? When we don't put the time in there, like to getting clarity on that, and we just dive in and start to write copy, right? And, and, right, we just dive in and start to write copy or start to tweak copy.

Uh, what you can end up with is something that, uh, it is just, is a cluster, right? Is a, is a cluster. I really, truly feel like getting the idea, right? Like solution, thesis, argument, those things. You get, you get those, right?

And you got, you have clarity on them. Everything else becomes easy, right? Because you let it shine through. You've always heard me say, right? What happens when you have an ordinary idea?

Typically what happens is, in order to make it sound extraordinary, you need to use extraordinary language. You need to use extraordinary language. And that's where, right, we've got an ordinary idea. We've got an ordinary solution, right? Maybe we don't have even a, a unique mechanism.

What happens is, in order to make that compelling, that's when you see people overpromising. That's when you see these hyped up claims. That's when you see exaggeration, because those are the things now that they're using and relying on to make it feel extraordinary. But when you have an extraordinary idea, you can use ordinary language and it will shine, right? It will shine.

And so that's why I, I really feel like it is so important that you get, you get clarity on that. So next is in terms of avoiding overselling, uh, or the, the feeling of overselling, um, is hyperbolic statements using hyperbole, which is a rhetorical device, right? But not being, but the, the way you're using it is not clear that it is hyperbole. So if we, you know, if we said something like, and this is a corny example, but if we said something like, you know, there were like, it, it's like, you know, you, you'll have, you know, there, there were, there were more people at this concert than there were grains of sand on the Delray on Delray Beach. You know, like that's hyperbole.

And it's clear, it's clear that it's hyperbole, it's clear that, right? In other words, a hyperbole is, is used for impact, right? And it's clear that it's hyperbolic. Um, but when you, you know, sometimes I see in copy where they're trying to use hyperbole, but it doesn't necessarily come off as hyperbole. It comes off a little bit like exaggeration or puffer or, right?

The, like, the use of words that are trying to make this sound bigger and better than what it really is. And so you just have to be clear when you say something for impact, you have to be clear. You, you have to make sure that the prospect recognizes and sees that you're saying this for impact, and that it's not intended to, um, to be taken, um, at face value, right? It has to be clear that it is, uh, hyperbole. Next is, uh, you know, excessive, you know, um, adjectives.

And this is, you know, puffery, right? This is like typical advertising, you know, puffery, advertising puffery. I believe there might actually be a Wikipedia entry for this, or a Google. I think there's a Wikipedia entry maybe for puffery. Uh, somebody can later on tell me if I'm wrong on that, but right?

Puffery is like that. Typically, when you use adjectives, when you use a lot of adjectives, a lot of adverbs, right? In copy, it tends to feel like puffery. You've heard me say before that the only time that, uh, the only time that you want to use an adjective is when that, and this is important, excuse me, is when that adjective adds a new piece of information. Let me give you an example.

So I said that last week, this week, these things have been kind of on the top of my mind from doing some, uh, like some intense work with this, with these, this copywriter, the, this, this copy team. And so they, they had a statement in there that was, it said this, it said, uh, this is a whole new way of doing X, Y, Z. This is a whole new way of doing X, Y, Z something, something like that. This is a whole new way of doing X, Y, z. If you look at the adjectives in there, there's one adjective that is unnecessary, that if removed doesn't change the meaning of the sentence at all, doesn't change what's being communicated at all, right?

This is a whole new way to do X, Y, z what word is unnecessary in there? Come on, Michael, I know you know this whole, yes, right? I said, what's, can somebody explain to me? I said to the copy team, I said, can somebody explain to me what's the difference between a whole new way and a new way, right? What's the difference between a whole new way and a new way, right?

Like you've heard me say before, jokingly, like, right, what's the difference between free and absolutely free? You know, nothing. Absolutely nothing. And so the point is that it's unnecessary, right? And so when, and the funny thing is, the weird thing is, is that even though you could say, well, like, look, it doesn't damage the copy to have a whole new way, right?

I would say it doesn't damage that sentence. It doesn't take away from that sentence, right? But what it does besides bloat the copy, if you do that regularly and frequently throughout, but it can also come off over time, if you do that frequently, it can come off as puffed up, right? And especially when you use multiple adjectives in there. And so when you use an adjective, when you use a descriptor in copy, it should be adding more information.

The only exception that I would say to that is that sometimes, and I don't have an example off the top of my head, but sometimes I will include a, uh, I will include a certain word in there because I feel like it either, um, flows better or just hits differently. Like, right? Like, it just, it, it flows better. Um, or it just hits differently. Like it just has a different vibe.

And this is one other thing that, that I wanna say that I wanna just throw out. Maybe you guys ponder this later on. Uh, but, you know, one of the things to really be aware of, we, we, you guys know this, but I just wanna remind you of this, is that right? That copy is, when we write copy, it should be closer to the spoken word than the written word, right? We're really trying to get down on paper the, the spoken word, not the written word.

And so, right, like, this is why, you know, you know, it, it's kind of really why, uh, when it comes, it's why lots of copywriters have said that they like to read fiction. I think that reading fiction rather than nonfiction is definitely helpful from a copy perspective because of the dialogue in, right, the dialogue in nonfiction, also the storytelling and the way that they describe things and, and whatnot. But dialogue and being able to kind of capture on paper the spoken word and have it feel that way. And I believe, and this is the thing that I, I just want you to ponder. I believe that, that there's, I, I said to you guys, I think last week or maybe the week before that most people use when they read, they use internal vocalization, right?

Like, they can hear themselves, you know, say it, you know, read as they're reading. They, they can, you know, hear it not necessarily audibly, but they can hear it, right? They're, they're, they're speaking it, they're internally vocalizing the copy. And, and just like a good presenter, a good speaker, there's a, there's a pace, there's a rhythm to that. And so I want that rhythm to feel good.

I want it to have momentum. I don't want it to feel choppy and disjointed. I want there to be rhythm the same way I would want rhythm in a, in a presentation, in a speech. And this is why, this is why we, we talk about things like, and use things like rhetorical devices, because what rhetorical devices do, they not only make sentences more parallel, and they, you know, but they give flow in instances. And so, right?

Like, they give flow and a, and a vibe just like music. Just like music. And so this is why, right? Like, there are times just tying all this back to this, where I will use a particular word, even though I don't feel that it adds more information, if I feel it makes it flow better, or it just hits differently, you know, it, it's kind of like, you know, like it's, it's kind of like, you know, some, sometimes using a particular word in a particular place hits differently. Kind of like, and this is a terrible example, but kinda like, you know, a good f bomb when somebody drop, you know, sometimes a, uh, you know, I'm not, you know, you don't hear me drop f-bombs, but like, you know, sometimes a good FBO can't be replaced in a movie or in dialogue.

It just, right? If they would've said something else besides the F bomb, it wouldn't have, it wouldn't have had the same feel that f-bomb gave it the right, the right punch, so to speak. Or I, I, there are instances there might be rare, but there are instances where I'll bring something, um, I'll bring something in, but the excessive adjectives not only can come off, uh, depending on the adjectives as, um, as, you know, uh, overselling or, uh, you know, uh, or aggressive. Um, but, um, can overall the volume of adjectives in a campaign can make it feel more puffed, so to speak, when you have lots of adjectives throughout. And so, hope that makes sense.

Yeah. Now, we obviously know someone who, who does that quite, quite a lot, but it's also his brand and how he talks, right? Sure. So that makes complete sense. Yeah.

I mean, look, I, I think that that's, you know, one of the things that we're not talking about at this point is, you know, obviously is voice and, and brand, and you know, there, yeah, there are like, look, that's, you know, I think that absolutely, like for, you know, his brand, I know who you're talk, you know, there, there are hand a couple of people, but yeah, I would by all means, you, I'm not, I'm not saying there's, I'm not in any way in this context. I'm not in any way saying that profanity should never be in copy. I'm not saying that at all. I'm just saying that, you know, you know that there, there are instances in movies where like, you know, the, where like if you took the pro, you know, the profane word out and you put in a more, uh, lighter word, it just wouldn't hit the same, you, you know what I mean? Like, it wouldn't feel the same, same.

Or maybe it wouldn't, it wouldn't feel authentic, right? Like, you know, like, you know what I mean? Like, right, the wrong word can the wrong word. Obviously, one wrong word could make, could, could crush the entire, imagine this. Imagine we're walking, uh, we're, we're watching a movie about, uh, like a hardcore movie about, um, street gangs, Crips and Bloods, whatever.

And we see, you know, a blood walk by the Crips or whatever. Uh, and, and one, you know, one of the gang members says something like, you know, you better get outta here. Uh, or I'm gonna beat the poop outta you. Like that word poop. The whole entire thing is over.

We're not watching the movie anymore. It's, it, it's not authentic. It's a done deal, man. Like, right? Like, why?

Because we know. And he would never say it that way. Like, you know what I mean? Like, it's done. It's over that one word.

Everything else could be flawless. The whole setup, the scene, the light, the whole line, one word done, done. And so, you know, um, so just here, I was just saying that sometimes again, for impact, I'll use a, uh, I'll use a particular word. I did kind of cover this already, so this is kind of similar, right? E exaggerating the negative or, you know, the, the positive future pace.

So this is when like, you know, like, look, if we're talking about, like, you know, when we, when we talk about things like, or if we talk about things like, you know, um, if you don't solve this, right, what's going to, what will likely continue to happen or what will likely happen is negative, negative, negative, negative. And we over, we blow that up. Like, right? Like, and like to the point where, uh, I was watching a, uh, I was watching a video that was about, uh, real estate investing, like an upsell video or something like that. And the guy in the video did both.

He exaggerated the, the positive future pace, and he exaggerated the negative future. And it was so, it was, it was so over the top. Like, to me it was just, it was like, um, you know, if you, you know, it was something like, he didn't say it exactly like this, but if you don't add this to your order, um, you should expect to, um, you should expect to be working a job, if not two jobs for the rest of your life in order to pay your bills. Um, right? Like, so, you know, and he kind of went on with that, and that's like, you know, man, that's a stretch.

You're, you know, I get what you're trying to do, right? But there's other ways to do it where it's believable. See, like if, if you say things that become a stretch, not only are they questionable, right? But they don't have the impact that you want. If I want this person to be scared, rather than exaggerate and say something like, maybe I would just say something like, you know, um, you know, you know, like, look, you know, if you continue to put this off is, you know, isn't it likely that right, you're, you're gonna go the next 10 years, 20 years, maybe the rest of your life never achieving your dream of financial freedom, right?

Like, like, you know what I mean? Like, I might say something that if anything, I'm gonna say something that is not as crazy, is not as over the top, is not as exaggerated, but I know that it's what they're feeling and therefore it's gonna be believable and it's gonna resonate with them, and it's gonna trigger some emotion. See, right? Like, at the end of the day, it's, it's not about what, and this is important. It's not about what we say, it's about how we make the prospect feel and think by what we say, right?

It's not what we say. It's, it's what we say and how it impacts how the prospect thinks and feels. And so my aim is always, I'm saying this to get them to think and or feel a certain way. And therefore, if what I am saying, or how I'm saying it is not leading them there, and could be instead making them question or doubt or go, ah, that's a bit much like right then, I'm not gonna get them to think and feel that way. And the most important thing for me is to get them to think and feel that way.

And so you just have to make sure that what you're saying, what you're presenting is within that realm of believable, within the, we're always gonna push the envelope, right? To find what is the most, what's the most compelling picture of the future, right? That is true and believable, right? We're always gonna push the, the envelope. We're always gonna push the envelope on the negative future pace.

If they don't take ag, if they don't make a change, if they continue to deal with the problem, what could happen? But we're, we're gonna push the ump, but we're not gonna cross the line, right? And that's, that becomes a bit in, you know, intuitive. You have to understand the market, you have to understand what they respond to, what they don't respond to, what they've seen, how they feel about what it is that they've seen and are seeing. Um, and so on And in line, in line with this, uh, in line with the kind of hype, you know, hyped up claims, exaggerated are stretch benefits where, you know, this is, uh, is where again, you're, you're making, you're making leaps that are, are hard to accept.

Like if we said something like, you know, uh, if we were teaching how to understand and use a, you know, uh, a p and l in your business, how to understand and use, you know, properly a p and l in your business, and we said, you know, know, like something, like once you understand how to use a p and l, um, in your business, you'll never have cash flow problems again, right? Your, your business will remain, you know, you'll have consistent profitable months, right? And your business will be a well-oiled machine. Well, that's a bit of a stretch to say the least, right? Because you'll like to say, just because you understand a p and l doesn't mean you won't have cashflow issues, right?

Like, you might know the source of the cashflow issues, right? Right. But that doesn't mean that you're never gonna have cashflow issues. Just because you understand a p and l doesn't mean that you're never gonna, you, you're always gonna have profitable months. What happens if your marketing tanks, what happens if your product becomes dated?

What happens if there's bad pr, right? Like, just because you understand a p and l doesn't mean your business is gonna be a well-oiled machine. What about stuff with employees and hiring and filling roles and systems and whatnot? And so you just have to be careful that you're not stretching the, uh, the, the, the benefit statements that you're making. Because very quickly, that can become hard to believe.

It can become questionable. And so not only does it not have the impact on the prospect, but it then makes you questionable and everything that you're saying, questionable. Excuse me. And so, and I really believe that in lots of markets, especially the jaded, skeptical markets that are inundated with a lot of direct response, you say one thing that is questionable that makes the prospect look, you know, side eyed at you, right? And you've really done some significant damage, right?

Like, you come across once as over selling, as laying it on thick as, you know, like excessive, and you just become questionable. It makes me question everything else that you said. It makes me question why you laying it on so thick, and why do you have to lay it on so thick? And why are you making these kind of claims that are beyond, you know, uh, almo, you know, beyond reasonable belief? And so these are the, the seven ways to avoid overselling.

I think they're all, you know, somewhat similar and sometimes can be interchangeable. Does anybody have anything to add to this? Go ahead, Michael. Uh, yeah, you know, there's, the market is full of bad copy that does all these, all that do all of these things, right? That over promise and that they're just not believable.

What do you advise clients, um, for double checking the believability of, of their copy? Wow, that's a, that's a toughie. That's a great question. I, I think that, unfortunately I don't have a great answer for that, Michael. I think that it really comes from, um, it comes from being a deep student of the market and really kind of, you know, I, I think you, the longer you're in the market, the more you study the market.

And what I mean by study the market is really pay attention to the offers that come and go in the market. Pay attention to what, what offers have done well, um, in the market. What offers are doing well now in the market, what offers and kind of ideas and themes, um, and claims all that right, have done well and are no longer doing well. Uh, what is the market interested in and what are they kind of moving towards as a whole? What are lots of the discussions about, um, in the market?

Obviously this is, this is easier done when you're in a market that is crowded and saturated with a lot of direct response copy, a lot of vendors, a lot of people, it becomes harder the smaller the number of vendors and the, the smaller the number of direct response, um, campaigns in there. But, um, starting to learn and understand the market and start to see what right, what they, what they believe. Because this, this kind of, how much you can stretch benefits or how, you know, how much you, you know, how aggressive you can, you can go is very much, is very different in different markets, right? Is very different in, in different markets. And so what you can get away with in certain markets you couldn't get away with in other markets, meaning when, when markets are more sophisticated, right?

When we talk about the, the stages of marketplace sophistication when markets are, are more sophisticated, when markets are obviously exposed to more offers, which is what drives them to be, you know, um, more, um, more sophisticated when they have a longer, uh, track record, if you will, a longer, uh, a longer history, uh, I would say you, you need to lean more conservative when there's less of that, you can be more aggressive. So unfortunately, it just comes from being a student of the, the market. And I wish I could say my, I wish I could give more objective kind of measurements, Michael, but, um, I can't, I don't know if anybody el if John or Teddy has anything to, to add to that. I think you just really have to know, you have to know the audience and know, right? Like you have to know the audience.

And so it's, it's, you know, it's very, on a, on a deeper level, it's similar to, let's say if we were talking about cryptos, you know, cryptocurrencies. You know, we got Teddy to give a presentation. Well, if Teddy was talking to 65 year olds, you know, 60, 65 and up, um, uh, one day, and he was talking to 20 year olds and 25 year olds the next day, what he could say to the 20 and 25 year olds is much different, much more aggressive than what he could say, what he can get away with, with the 60 and 65 year olds. And that's because of belief, right? Because like, it should be obvious of what's different about, like, you know, it, it's because of how much more, let's say, skeptical or resistant, the 60, 65 and older demographic is to new technologies, to the idea of a new currency or new money to not fully being able to under understand it.

Whereas 20 year olds and 25 year olds, it's much more natural for them. And so the things that we could say to them would be a lot more aggressive than what we could say over here. It's that same thing. It's just on a, on a much deeper level by again, under, you know, paying attention to what have they responded well to, what are they no longer responding well to? What are they responding well to now?

What have they seen a ton of, um, that's now old, old hat. All of those things help you to formulate a picture of what I need to say and what would potentially be questionable to them. Yeah. Thanks. Go.

Go ahead. Teddy, did you wanna say something? I was just gonna say, I mean, the, the, the, the, the place you see it most is post a copy in, on a Facebook post and watch the comments. People call you out on the BS real quick. Yeah, that's true.

I mean, that, that's, you know, that's true. I, you know, a lot of people use, a lot of people outside of, um, the internet marketing space, like copywriters, they often also use like Reddit, where people are just brutally freaking honest, you know what I mean? Like where people won't hesitate to like, shred each other, you know, on stuff. And so, like Reddit is, you know, uh, is obviously a black hole that you could, you know, you could get lost in. But, you know, I i, Teddy is right.

Like I, you know, I think posting something publicly, uh, or, and even looking at other people's public posts and seeing how people responded, respond to them, um, it's one of the reasons why, like, why there, there are a, a small handful of Facebook groups that I belong to, just to see the way that people respond to the content and see what people, what resonates with people, what, what people argue about the different perspectives that people like. That's just gold. 'cause it helps you just to understand their, their psychology, their frame, what they believe, what they don't believe, um, what is hard for them to believe, what's hard for them to wrap their, their head around what they understand, what they don't understand, all of that together, right? Gives you insight. Uh, and then you just have to make a, uh, a judgment call.

And so, um, this was, I don't even remember where I, I got this from, uh, but I just wanted to show you, uh, when we were talking about overselling and exaggerating, just look at this first with our high converting email sequences, you unleash a tidal wave of sales and revenue, e efforts effortlessly pumping up your profits and ROI on your marketing budget, it's just, it's, it's not, I I get what they're trying to do, but right, it's, it's right. I, I don't even know the word to use. It's excessive. It's, it's unnecessary and it loses the impact. You unleash a tidal wave of sales and revenue.

It's just not, it's, and I know that we joke around about, like, we, we joke, but you know, it doesn't, look, I don't want you to think that this isn't the only type of exaggerated or over, over the top overselling type of copy. This is clear to us. We joke and we laugh, you know, about this, right? And I wrote, believe me, I wrote my fa my fair share of tidal wave, uh, you know, campaigns, believe me. Like absolutely believe me.

Um, but you, you've gotta recognize that there, even if it wasn't as overt with these kind of, you know, steroid like tsunami tidal wave, right? Even if it wasn't, you could still be overselling. And so you just have to make sure right, that you're not like, that you're not, that you're not laying it on too thick. Like I said, for me, I, I just, I want it to be undeniably, um, believable to them. I I just want them to be like, I get it.

I get, I see it, I get it, I get it. Like I understand it, right? And, and I believe that in the, in our, in the online marketing space, I think that, um, people are tired of just the hyped up, exaggerated puffery, promising, all right? And they want, they, they want to see, um, like evidence based reality, right? Stuff that like gimme an e evidence-based reality, you know, uh, like real stuff, even if it's nowhere near as, uh, the magnitude of the promise of what it is that I'm seeing out there, because they already, they don't believe what's out there already.

And so you get this, you get to this point where you're not really, they're, you're not really competing with, with them. You're not, you know, the, the how to lose, you know how to get, you know, 21 clients by by next week, right? You're not really competing with them because they don't really believe that, right? They don't really believe that. And so, right, you're ultimately, you, you, you have an opportunity to lower it back, right?

If you said, right, like, look, you won't get 21 a week, but you'll get six a week relentlessly every week for now on, and here's why. And here's how it works, right? Like, believe me when I tell you that is wildly compelling to people that are in crowded, saturated markets that are filled with a lot of direct response, that is puffery, that is overselling, that is exaggerated, and that lacks the argument foundation. And so this is one of those, this is one of those moments where like, I'm telling you, you don't need to match promise for promise. What you do need to do is make a promise that you can, that you can prove and make believable where they see it, they get it, they understand it, and it's still would be exciting for them, right?

Like, it may not be as exciting as the reality of 21, but they already don't believe that. And so if we can reduce it and make it believable, rock solid and prove it and show it your money, trust me, anybody, And if you are gonna puff it up, like use like, so just, and funny first time I've actually thought of this, right? But flood and tidal wave and tsunami, right? Like, like those are all bad things. Yeah.

Those are not good things. It, right? That's a good point. Exactly right? It's a, it's a shipwreck of sales and revenue, right?

Yeah. Uh, yeah, that's right. It's an, it's an accident of, uh, of sail. That's a good point, Teddy. That's so funny.

Um, yeah, you'll unleash a plague of sales and revenue on your business. Uh, but you guys get the point. I think that we've, we've driven this home. I just wanna end kind of the, the, you know, the same way that I started, which is, right. I'm always looking for, I don't wanna say anything that would trigger that, that question make it questionable, that would trigger that doubt, that would trigger that like belief.

I don't wanna do anything. I'd rather take those things out than risk raising this doubt or question in their mind, or tone it down, right? Tone it down. Like, look, just it prove, like what? This is why we always talk about what can you prove?

Like people will say like, what promise should I make? I always say, well, what promise can you prove? Right? Like, don't, it's not just what promise you should make, right? It's what promise you should make that you can prove.

'cause if you can't prove it, if it's not airtight rock solid and it's not believable, right, then it, it, it's, it, it doesn't matter. And so what promise can you make that you can prove? And so stay away, veer away from no need to exaggerate, no need to, right oversell, no need to over embellish, right? Just right idea, right solution, right thesis, right argument. Let it shine through ordinary, clear, simple language with an argument that proves what it is that we, we need to prove.

And you're good, man. You're golden. Good. Anything, anybody wanna add? No, you guys are outta here.

Thank you. Enjoy. And I will see you guys next week.
