---
title: "cc_ 2025-03-04"
date: 2025-03-04
duration: 36m
duration_seconds: 2161
vimeo_id: 1062513241
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2025-03-04

**Date:** 2025-03-04 | **Duration:** 36m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Cool. So today we're gonna take a look at a promo. Actually, uh, this is a promo that, um, Teddy sent over to me, uh, just a couple of days ago, um, in the real estate, um, space. This happens to be, uh, somebody that we have a relationship with through one of our top one, um, members. But there's good reason why I want you to, to look at this, um, this promo.

There are some cool stuff happening, and I just think that it's, you know, this, this should be a very kind of quick meeting. I'd love to hear from you guys if you have anything to add to this, but quick meeting, because I think that, um, this is more of like a reminder, if you will, of the elements that we want in play when we're crafting a marketing message. Like, right? So this is just like yet another example of, of, uh, a couple of key things being done really well. And so lemme just go ahead and share my screen over here.

And then the, the first thing that I want you to look at is, I want you to look at this and what you can see here. And ironically, John, just make a mental note of this, because this is a conversation that, um, that we should have, uh, based on the media, the stuff being flagged in, uh, YouTube and whatnot. Separate conversation guys. But, so what we have here is an advertorial. Everybody on here should be familiar with what an advertorial is, right?

It's a, it, it's usually a, it's referred to in the media buying world as a bridge page. So it's the page in between the ad and the actual VSL, or excuse me, long form sales letter. And most of the time, the reason why these pages are used is because the main VSL page, uh, may not be compliant. Um, and so the, the main VSL page might not be compliant and or bringing somebody on some of these platforms from an ad direct to a, uh, uh, a sales page may not be compliant. And so they use these as a, um, as a bridge page.

You can see that it's got, um, advertorial right at the top, the whole purpose of this page, the way that this is done 90% of the time. And I, me, just as a total aside, I love advertorials. I love reading advertorials. I save advertorials, uh, every time I come across a good well written, um, advertorial, um, just because I love, you know, it's, it's almost like, you know, in order to do an advertorial well, you've gotta really be able to condense your message into a much shorter version than what we would include in a long form sales letter or A VSL. You could see the length of this page, and this one is a little bit, you know, is, is more on the shorter side of what you find in many advertorials, but right, it's gotta be condensed.

So usually, um, when these things are done well, every line is doing work, right? There's like an overall message that's conveyed, it's hook driven. And so, excuse me, um, I dig it. Obviously advertorial, it's meant to kind of look like or resemble, um, editorial content or, you know, like what you would find on a blog post. But obviously we know that it's, it's really there to create curiosity to, um, create interest.

Um, and to set up what's coming. On the next page, you can see all of the, you know, the, the call, the, the calls to action on here from these buttons up at the top to all of the links throughout our, um, bring, bring you to a VSL page. This is what the VSL page, um, looks like. We're gonna come back to, um, this, because there's stuff on the advertorial that I like much more so than, uh, the copy on, on this particular page. But I just wanted you to see how, um, how simple this, uh, this is.

And so the thing that, uh, I really want you to see here that I, that I like a lot, uh, is this thing over here. So basically, the first part of this advertorial is that this dude, it's being positioned as this, you know, a real estate insider, a guy who is a, a millionaire maker in the world of real estate and real estate education. Somebody that's actually been on, um, been on, uh, a and e he's got his own own show. And I remember the first time I accidentally saw, uh, Dolmar show on there, I was, you know, uh, freaking out. Um, I don't know if, does anybody recognize him?

Do Jo, did Teddy, did you rec did you recognize him right away, or no? I did not. No, you did not. Okay. So he's actually been with us in, um, in top one, and so he's been, he's been with us before.

Um, and so anyway, you know, he's, this is an expert, an insider, a guy who's been in this industry who's a millionaire maker, right? And he's ultimately kind of exposing, you know, this, um, this secret about, um, about his fortune or at how he made his money in, in real estate. But the thing that I like is teased right up here. And, and, um, and then it's mentioned again in the, um, in the copy, and it's, you know, it's saying, you know, expose million dollar secret, the elites don't want you to, um, to know about it. Anonymous real estate mogul breaks the code unveiling the hidden world of paper flipping.

Look, and let me say this, the, you know, a lot of the surrounding copy, you know, it, some may feel it's a little bit, um, overzealous. It's a little bit aggressive. It, we may tone it down a little bit. But the thing that really, to me, does the heavy lifting from my perspective, is paper flipping, right? Is this idea of paper flipping.

Now, it's funny because I actually googled paper flipping to see if that was a, a real term, or if that was a, you know, a, a made up term. And of course, there are other people talking about, um, you know, talking about paper flipping. But regardless of that, right? To me, I had never heard of this before. I'd never heard paper flipping.

Now, that could be because I'm not entrenched in the, you know, in the market. I'm, I'm, you know, I've only spent a little bit of time in this, um, in this market, but I had never heard that term before. So I, I just went over to Google just outta sheer curiosity from a marketer's perspective to see. But to me, I was wildly interested, um, in, um, in this, and this really ultimately became this, you know, uh, uh, this story about this guy who's an insider, and he went from being a, you know, a child of immigrants to closing over a thousand deals, but he didn't do it following the conventional wisdom. Uh, he did it with a count, uh, a counterintuitive method that he calls paper flipping.

Even the way, the way it's written is just interesting to me, right? Because it's not that, you know, he calls it that because that's, I guess what it's called in the industry. Um, but it come, it came across very much to me, like a pure unique mechanism. Like, and if, if I wasn't a, I, I would've treated it that way. Again, I was just Googling it just because I was, I was curious really for, for this discussion.

But the, you know, the paper flipping, it allows him to do these huge real estate deals without mortgages, credit checks, down payments, uh, you know, he does these deals without buying, selling, or touching a single property. All you need is a smartphone, a few hours of spare time, and a few legal documents. You could do it from anywhere He's traveled with his family. It's the easiest way he's made money from, he says it's the easiest way. He is made money from real estate without a real estate license education or rich uncle.

And it's accessible to anyone with a curious, uh, a curious mind and willingness to learn of that little pitch to me, right there alone is compelling, is interesting, right? Gives you the, the, the, the, the benefits like of, you know, conveys this or paints this picture for you of what this, this method of real estate, uh, um, is like, and for me, uh, something that I hadn't, um, hadn't heard of before. And so everything else almost before this, while it's the setup and it's valuable to, this was insignificant to me. And everything after this was, uh, was insignificant to me. I was interested right here, because this sounded great, and I had never heard this before.

And so I, I, you know, the, the thing to really understand is, is this over here that I, that I just wanna, well, number one, before I highlight what I was just about to show you, and I'll show it to you in a second, does anybody have anything to add to what it is that I just say? You could see why I said earlier that, right? It's, it's highlighting this element of, you know, of what's at the core, a a new and different way to experience the outcome, right? A new and different way that I've never heard of before that maybe is, is simpler than anything that I've done before. Um, and, um, and, and that's it.

Like, not, like, like we're, we're not talking about a breakthrough in cop or a breakthrough in marketing here. We're talking about almost a formulaic approach, you know? Uh, just done well, like done. Okay. And so anybody have anything to add to what it is that we just talked about?

So lemme just say that, like, the, the reason I sent it to you was, was that right? Because I saw, I saw that same unique mechanism and was like, this is brilliant, super, super simple, straight to the point. Like, I knew exactly what it was obviously being, being somewhat familiar. But the other part, and this is something that I think a lot of times people miss potentially, is, you know, I originally saw the YouTube ad, uh, and it was the YouTube ad that got me to click, but it wasn't even the ad itself that got me to click, it was the domain that was being used for the ad, right? So when I saw the unique mechanism in the domain name, like, that's when I was like, oh, there's, so just, just everybody, you know, tends to forget that the domain is part of the copy sometimes in That.

Yeah. Well said. I, you know, what's so interesting about that? That's a great point, Teddy. You know, I, and first of all, I couldn't agree with you more.

I think that sometimes, you know, look, you know, sometimes a great domain or the, the, the unique mechanism in the, in the domain, if the unique mechanism is a good name, like, which I think that this is a good name, um, that it, it, it aids, you know, like, it helps, uh, the intrigue as much as, you know, a bad domain can shoot you in the foot, like a domain that gives away what it potentially is sometimes, right? Like the, you know, like there's blind copy and mystery and curiosity created in the copy, or the hook or the angle, and you know what it is, or at least you, you can take an educated guess at what it is based on the name of the domain. Um, and so, you know, like I've seen stuff where it was like, um, it talked about making money and there were tax liens, right? In the domain name, right? And so often, right?

'cause I was like, ah, I know what tax liens are like, right? I, I was immediately disengaged because I thought right or wrong that I knew what they were gonna be talking about. Now, maybe they could have had a unique angle with tax liens, right? But I was out because I just from the domain name. And so Teddy, I think that that is a great, um, a great example, uh, or a great point, uh, you know, just to, uh, kind of share what, what it is that I was share that Teddy kind of alluded to is that, so it says, right paper flipping and real estate is the practice of buying and selling property contracts rather than the properties themselves.

It's also known as wholesaling. And so right. Wholesaling in the real estate space, from what it is that I learned, learned, and now understand, is a very common method. It's, it's talked about, you know, wholesaling in real estate, right? If you, if we Googled wholesaling, we would see that, you know, uh, um, we would see that all, all over the place.

And so, right. They are talking about, you know, they're referring to it as paper flipping. And here's the thing. This is the, the interesting thing that we, I think we've talked about this before that I just wanna point out. So, right.

When, when you use, and this might not be the greatest example being that paper flipping is already talked about in, in, uh, you know, in the industry. But let's say this was a name that, um, that these guys just decided to give to wholesaling, meaning that it's not a unique mechanism, it's just wholesaling and they're just referring to it with a different name. Right? Very similar to when if we were to talk about gold investing and we were to call it the secret currency, or Right. Or we would refer to it however we want, that's when you typically will see the unique mechanism or the, the mechanism in quotations.

And so that's where I think, right? The, the, the, the quotations. And I don't know, I don't know why I, I don't know necessarily how that justifies it, but every time I have seen the, the ordinary just given or just referred to with some unique name, uh, it, you know, used in, um, in quotations. 'cause ultimately what this is, this is right, this is wholesaling. This isn't a, uh, wholesaling 2.0, this isn't wholesaling with a twist on it.

This is wholesaling. They're just referring to it as paper flipping, which again, uh, it appears that others in the industry, um, also use that, that that term to refer to, um, wholesaling. But I like it. I, I, I had never heard it. And I think that that is an, an an interesting point that I had never heard it.

So even though, right, it is talked about, there are other videos, uh, on the topic. I hadn't heard it. And so to me it was new. And so anybody el else have anything to add to this? I, I think just the fact that it's a term, it not a name or a title, that always tends to grab my attention more, you know, when it's just, those are just two common ordinary words put together means something.

I don't know what, what it is, you know what I mean? Yeah. Rather than some kind of flashy title that they've given to wholesaling. Right? Yeah.

Yeah. I think it's, it's interesting too. I mean, you know, maybe in line with that, you know, maybe worth a conversation on a, on a, on a different day, but I do think that, you know, I, I'm not a huge, you know, I'm not huge into the unique, like the, the, I'm not a big believer in having a fancy pants name for the u for a legitimate, unique mechanism, right? Like I've always talked about, I'd much rather have it sound scientific, you know, uh, or something like that. But in this case, right?

Being that, you know, it, it's not, you know, there, there's something much more compelling to me about paper flipping than wholesaling. And I, I don't know if it's the, you know, the connotation, the negative con like, you know, I, I don't know if it's in my mind, you know, like wholesale, like the, I like things, getting things at whole. I, I, I'm not sure if I just have negative, negative connotation. There are negative connotations in my mind associated with wholesaling. And yet, you know, paper is kind of, contracts is equities, is stocks, and flipping is something that, you know, kind of seems quick, kind of seems, you know, um, less work involved, uh, for in, in, in my mind.

And so, like, right, while there are ultimately both titles or names for this strategy, there's just something less, less compelling to me with wholesaling paper flipping to me, just, I don't know, there's something cool. It, it, it, I, I don't know what it is, but, uh, even though it's simple, it just seems to me, it just feels cooler to me. I, I, I think the other part too is, it's funny, you know, it's funny that we're finding that term so interesting, whereas somebody else might have thought, well, like, why would I use that term? 'cause it's so common in my industry, right? So if you're on the inside and you're close, like it's almost too simple for you.

Well, you know what's interesting, you know, and this is the, this is the thing, right? Of knowing the, you know, of picking your, your avatar, your audience, uh, really well, and being clear on who you're talking to because, right, like my gut tells me just from seeing this, this copy, right? That you, you're not talking to that, um, mature, sophisticated top 5% or 10% of the real estate market. You're talking to the people that are at the bottom or are just getting in, right? And hence, they look at the, the, the, the 10% and 5%.

Like, you know, like they're different that, that there's them and then there's us. And so if we were talking to the, to the 10%, then I, right? Like I think that you're absolutely right, Teddy, right? Like, I think that they, that, you know, anybody, clearly, I would think anybody that's seasoned in this industry would probably see this and know exactly what it is that he's talking about, or have even used the term before. And so, you know, it's, it's kind of, it's really funny to me because switching, switching gears, but along the, the same lines, you know, I've had this kind of very similar conversation with the, um, uh, not Cole's team with the, with the golf, with performance golf copywriters, where they often talk in, you know, in these terms, in the, in their copy.

And I'm like, who are we talking to? Remember who we're talking to? We're not talking to the guy that's eat, sleeping and breathing watching YouTube videos and can't get enough of this. You're, you're talking about the guy who's like frustrated that his ball doesn't go straight. He doesn't even know, is this a hook?

Is it a slice? I don't even know what to call it. I just know it ain't going straight, right? Like he's not, you know, using, like, if I could only get more loft and velocity on my, I'm like, dude, and so the point, you gotta know, right? While there are those golfers, right, like, it, you know, is that who we're talking to while there, there are those real, real estate investors that know that is that who we are or we're talking to?

And so I think that you're, uh, you're spot on with that. Anybody else? Michael, did you have something else that you wanted to add, or No? John, you good? I just, um, I'm just glad that we're seeing an advertorial.

I know we haven't really looked at one in, in a long time, and I think it, it advertorials have been on my brain for the past, uh, number of weeks, and I wanna start leveraging them more for clients as well where necessary. So I'm just glad we see a really good example. Yeah, I love it. You know, another, another thing that, see this is, this is kind of it, it's interesting. And this is, you know, I, I kind of wanted to show you this.

So, you know, look, you, I don't want, I don't wanna say in any way that, um, there is a disconnect between the this page, um, and this page. Uh, but, you know, because I don't disconnect is too strong of, of, of way too strong of a word. Let me say I love this, right? Like, I, I, I, I love this, hence why I'm showing you. So any, um, critique is not a knock.

Like, I, I love it. If I didn't love it, I wouldn't be showing this to you. But the, the reason why I'm showing this to you, you know, um, is because, you know, you could see that there, this is a little, you know, uh, it's a, a you could make the case that it's a twist on this. It's a, it's a, it's a version of, of this, right? It's kind of, this is taking what's on here one step further.

It's, it's, it's ramping it up. The, the reason why I'm sharing that with you is because one of the beautiful things with the advertorial, right? One of the beautiful things of the advertorial is that what they're advertising is the advertorial. They're advertising the advertorial usually using like native, like a tabula out brain, go over to Fox News or whatever, Newsmax, whatever. You'll see the right, they're adv, they're advertising the advertorial, and then they're monitoring, right?

They're monitoring the, you know, uh, the clicks from advertorial to sales page. And then obviously, um, sales, the beauty is, is that you can test these, you can test these quick, and you can test these often, right? And so this, right? Like, versus, you know, versus testing different variations of the, the VSL is a lot more work, right? From, and even if you're testing, just editing, or even if you're testing, rereading it, right?

But the beauty, it's one of the things that I've always loved about this is that it allows you to test hooks and ideas much quicker, right? Uh, than testing on this side of the, uh, of the, of the campaign. And so, does that make sense to everybody? Anybody have any questions about that? No, No, that's exactly what I was gonna say.

I mean, you can almost tell in the URL that they're testing, like if you change ad a DV three on the on, on the, On the, yeah. Oh, for sure. There's no doubt they've got, yeah. Like, and, you know, uh, and that's also, you know, a, a, a, a conversation for, you know, a different day, having now spent a lot of time, you know, behind the scenes on a number of, uh, of pretty large, you know, companies. You know, it's, it's funny, I was just sharing this the other day with John and with Damien, you know, it's, it's kind of funny because, you know, uh, you know, when I, let me, let me back up for one second and, um, and say this, and then we'll, we'll wrap unless everybody, uh, unless anybody has anything else to add.

But, you know, when I first started many moons ago working with Agora and right, no matter how many of their divisions or imprints or affiliates I got the chance to work with, right? Uh, I always walked away thinking, I'm sure that you know, that they're a bit of an anomaly, anomaly in kind of like, you know, the way that they do things or the, you know, certain metrics, certain performance data, they're a bit of an anomaly, right? Um, and right be when I would, when I went to different imprints to do consulting for them, I figured it's all under one umbrella. You know, I'm right anomaly. Well, then I, you know, then as I start, I got the chance to see behind the scenes in some, you know, uh, some bigger companies, especially lately, I've really seen there are some significant similarities between the way that these businesses operate, these big direct response driven businesses, not the little, you know, not, not, you know, well, bigger, uh, much more bigger, much bigger, much more bigger, much bigger than even the bigger players in the, in the internet marketing space.

There are trends, there are, there are commonalities. There are things that I see across these really successful companies that you just don't see in the internet marketing world. And one of them I shared the other day with, um, with Damien and John, and I'll share it here because it, it is related, and that is that, uh, they, two things. One is they treat their ad creative, their ad copy, their ad hooks, their ad angles, uh, you know, all of the creative on the media buying side. They treat it with the same intensity and vigor that they do the copy for a VSL.

And that's significant to just really give you the full context and paint the picture. Because the level of, of intensity focus and, and, uh, you know, that they and mindset that they bring to the copy for their VSLs is on a different level compared to what, you know, I, I've seen from the typical online marketer, you know, these, they're, they're, they, across the board, they are big believers in little, little tiny things add up, right? Like little tiny things add up. So they will, you know, they do, um, they'll work on, you know, the, the, the editing is multiples in terms of the days put into the editing of what writing is. Usually they'll bang out a first draft on, you know, you're talking about, you know, multimillion dollar, you know, videos, VSLs, you know, you're talking about companies that are certainly at the bottom north of 50 million, you know, uh, companies that have generated $500 million over the last 10, 10 years.

That's what I'm talking about in this context. They'll write VSLs in two days, maybe three days, and then it'll be weeks of editing and dialing it in. And they take that same approach with their, you know, ad creative, like where I've been on multiple meetings that we're just dedicated to brainstorming new ad creative angles and, and hooks and, and whatnot. And then, right, once that's brainstormed, right? And then copy gets written, having meetings that are dedicated to just editing the copy and cleaning it up and, and dialing it in.

And so that's the first thing. The second thing is, and I'm sharing it in this context of what, what Teddy was saying about the testing, is that they, they run a tremendous amount of tests, and right, meaning they're, they're, they recognize that, uh, to crack the code often on these things that, uh, it requires multiple versions or multiple variations, that it, that it can require an extensive amount of variations to crack the code. And so they are constantly thinking about different angles, different hooks, um, you know, different ideas as well as different variations of copy. So when they find a winning idea, they, they, it, it, it's almost like this. They look for winning ideas.

So they're testing different angles, different hooks, uh, different ideas. And then as they're finding the winning ideas, angles and hooks, then they'll take those and they'll begin to test different ways of expressing it. So different copy, right? And that's when they start to get more granular in the, the, the copy testing. So initially it's more hooks, angles, ideas, bigger picture.

And then as they are, right, identifying the winning hooks, angles and ideas, they're then getting a more granular, granular level and testing copy as they're now testing additional hooks, angles, um, and ideas. And so they are, you know, they're, they're testing, um, uh, a lot because right, they recognize that, uh, that, uh, you know, that their job is to try to find a breakthrough. And it can require a lot of variations. And let me just add one other thing in here. This is a bonus, separate, separate discussion, but this has really been on my, my mind lately, you know, one of the, one of the main things, right?

And I've talked about this in public, and so I'm not, uh, you know, I'm not, this is, I'm not sharing anything that I haven't shared before. Specific to Agora, one of the very first things that blew me away with ago, and you'll see how this is related to what it is that I just said, and then we'll wrap and you'll, you guys will be done, is one of the very first things that I was blown away by was how different the conversion, the conversion rate, the marketing performance for Agora, the marketing performance data for Agora was and is compared to what we see and hear talked about in the internet marketing space, in the internet marketing space, the performance numbers, the, you know, sales conversion rate, the order form, completion rate, the bump offer, take rate, the upsell take rate are significantly higher, significantly higher than what, uh, uh, what I saw. And, and what you see in Agora, Agora operated at a fraction of what it is that we see, right? And I was always blown away by the idea of like, wow. Like, I don't know, I thought, you know, everybody used to say best copywriters in the world at Agora, right?

We found out, well, that's not the case. There are people off the street. They just taught 'em how to come up with great, great ideas, and they've got these low marketing performance numbers. Well, how do they, how do they make it work then, right? And I've seen that same thing time and time again with other large, you know, with other large, you know, companies, not all, but with other large direct response companies that are doing well, that they're not operating at the same, uh, uh, with the same expectation of marketing performance that you see from the typical, uh, online marketer.

So they're not, you know, like the idea of, you know, like Mo Mo most of these, most of these businesses, they're operating at like a half a percent sales conversion rate, like literally a half a percent sales conversion rate, right? Three quarters of a percent, you know, of sales conversion rate. You're, you're also talking about big, big markets. So, right? Like the total addressable market is, is huge, right?

So how are they able to make it work? They're able to make it work because through what it is that I just said about ad creative, about the intensity by which they approach, you know, the ad creative and the angles and the ideas and the volume that they're able to test at, they, the, the what they pay for traffic is significantly lower than what we typically see in the, um, in the IM space. And it's just fascinating to me to see how, excuse me, the math is impacted how significantly the math, the economics of a campaign can be impacted when you do impact things on the media side. Like, right, like when, you know, when you are able, I mean, you think about the, think about what it would take from a sales conversion rate from an a OV level, uh, you know, from an upsell level, all that. If you were, if you were getting visitors for 60 cents, right?

If you were getting visitors for 60 cents, you think about let's play out the economics and play out what, you know, take your, take any funnel that you have right now, and look at the sales conversion data and look at the, you know, look at the average order value and play the numbers out. And you'll see that there's a very good shot that if you were even at half or a quarter of what it is that you're at now in terms of your marketing performance data, that economically it would still work. And so there's something to that, right? Like I said to myself, how, how, why is it that they are, that there's a common commonality across the board that they're all, like, what they pay for a visitor is substantially lower than, right? Like, well, what, what could be the cause of that?

Well, what they have in common is the way that they approach ad creative and the intensity and what they have in common is the, the, the way that they test or the volume of testing that they do. And so, can I say that that's the only reason why they're able to, to get those low media costs? I don't know. But that commonality is, um, is there, and to me there is some, um, some link. And so anybody have anything to add?

I know we took a total right turn from this, but I think that it's related. It's one of the, one of the many reasons why I love advertorials, because it does make, you know, uh, it does make testing different hooks and uh, and angles and ideas that much easier compared to, you know, if you're just sending straight to a, a, a page like this. But anybody else have anything to add or ask based on what it is that we talked about? Well, the only other thing that I would like to add is the simplicity of the language itself was such a kind of technical topic. And even paper flipping sounds simpler than wholesale.

I think wholesale would raise questions and objections if they said that. Yeah, I, I, I think so too. There's just, I can't articulate it. I don't know what it is. I don't know if it's just, you know, you know, wholesaling, if I, you know, if I think about, like, in my mind it's attached to, you know, like you buy stuff at wholesale and then you gotta sell it and retail it.

And so, you know, in wholesale there means there's margins in there. And, you know, and there's, is that inventory? I don't know. But for what, I don't know if that, but my mind, when I just think about wholesaling, I, you know, when I hear wholesaling, I think of like a dirty, tough business, you know, whereas paper flipping to me, it, it, it, it's almost like, I hate to say this, 'cause this sounds really, this sounds kind of obnoxious, but it almost feels like wholesaling to me sounds blue collar and paper flipping sounds white collar and right. Like, to me, I, I don't know.

And so like, it just feels cooler to me, paper flipping. And again, because it's something that I had never heard. Um, you know, and, and I think as crazy as this sounds, and there are science on this that I know very little about, but, you know, paper, you know, paper flipping, it's light, it's it, right? It's light, it's, it's easy. Um, you know, it doesn't feel, you know, heavy.

It doesn't feel like a burden. Yeah. I, I think that it's, it's, uh, well, and he calls it out in the video too. He is like, he's like, you know, just these two pieces of paper, right? Like, it's, it's not even like, yeah, it's great.

It's, it, it, you know, it's, it's great, right? Like, um, it's great. Like you could see a long form sales letter, like to go to the typical, um, Kyle Milligan, you know, approach. You could see a long form sales letter with a, a picture of a document. Like a picture of a document.

And like with, you know, with this document and my cell phone, I've made X amount from real estate deals. I never took out a mortgage, I never took out a loan, I never bought a property. I never owned a property, I never managed a property, but yet I'm averaging $28,652 in commissions that take me three days to like, you could see that, right? And so just the mystery, the curiosity, but, um, I, yeah, I, I, I enjoyed this thoroughly. Uh, appreciate Teddy, you sending it over.

Uh, and so yeah, there you go. Any final thoughts? Final questions? Nope. Awesome.

You guys are outta here. I will see you next week. Have a great day, everybody. Thanks, Sean. Thanks.

Yep. You got it.
