---
title: "cc_ 2025-05-06"
date: 2025-05-06
duration: 34m
duration_seconds: 2094
vimeo_id: 1081919457
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2025-05-06

**Date:** 2025-05-06 | **Duration:** 34m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right, so it looks like due to some scheduling issues with a few of you, uh, I'm recording this, um, solo for our weekly marketing call. And so, um, all good. What I wanna talk about, I wanna revisit a topic that we talked that about, uh, maybe a year ago. And it really has to do with the overall mindset that we take, that we hold when crafting campaigns. Let me go ahead.

I've got a little, uh, slide deck. And so let me go ahead and, and show you this. I think this will make it crystal clear. Some of you may remember this. I think that this is a topic that we need to talk about more often, actually.

Uh, and, uh, if you recall, this comes from, uh, I think I first heard, heard this presented, uh, similar to this from our good buddy Caleb O'Dowd, super sharp, uh, marketer. But it's the idea of avoiding the no versus striving for the yes, avoiding the no versus striving for the yes. And ultimately, what it is that I'm talking about here is this idea of thinking about our offers, thinking about our solutions, our mechanisms, when we're crafting them, when we're, you know, assembling them, when we're putting them together. And ultimately, when we're creating our copy or assembling our copy about our solutions, about our mechanisms, about our products, thinking about what would make somebody not buy rather than taking the sole mindset of what would make them buy. In other words, what the typical entrepreneur, the typical copywriter, the typical marketer does, is think about what is it that I need to say about this product that would make people want to buy, right?

That would make them wanna buy, that would give them the, the desire to buy. And often they neglect thinking about what would stop these people from buying? What would prevent a prospect from buying? And the reason why this is really important, and this alone should be, um, a shift, especially if you've for forgotten since we first talked about this, is that it's quite possible to have all of the, the positives for, uh, why somebody would buy. In other words, to hit on all the, the, the cool things, the positive things as a prospect needs to hear about the product, about the solution, about the mechanism, about the, the, the offer.

It's possible to have all of the positive things and yet still kill the sale, because there are things that would not meet them by present. In other words, it's possible to have one or two things, one or two reasons, one or two elements, one or two pieces of criteria for why a prospect, prospect would not buy, uh, and have that kill the sale, even though you've touched on all of the positive reasons why they would buy. And so there's massive value in thinking through all of the different reasons why somebody would not buy. Like, what, what would make them not buy? And so what I wanna do is I want to go through today some, an an example of, of reasons why somebody wouldn't buy that really apply to a vast number of solutions.

In other words, this, the, this can apply, these reasons can apply to relatively almost any piece of information that you're selling, consulting, coaching course, um, something like that. Um, and so on, even a piece of software and so on. And so, let's just go through this one at a time. Most of these, if not all of these, will be self-explanatory, right? And so what would make them prospects not buy?

Well, number one, the, the first two are, are kind of given the, these are big picture things, and they're given, and that is if it doesn't solve their problem, and what I mean by that, right? Is if the problem that they have or believe they have is not being adequately addressed by the solution or the mechanism or the product, uh, the offer, which that's how I'm gonna refer to it going forward on this call, the offer, then they're not gonna buy. This could be where it's just off the mark in terms of the, the examination research wasn't done or wasn't done well. So we didn't identify the core, uh, major problem that the prospect believes they have. This could also be that the prospect doesn't believe that this will solve their problem, or doesn't understand how it will solve their problem.

The point being here is that if, if we don't do an adequate job of showing the prospect clearly that this will solve the problem, that they have the problem that's on the forefront of their mind, uh, then they're not gonna buy, right? It doesn't matter how well written the, the copy is, it doesn't matter. Uh, the verbs that we've used, it doesn't matter how pithy, how tight grammar, none of that stuff matters, how creative we are. If the prospect doesn't believe that it's gonna solve their problem or doesn't, it doesn't solve their problem, or they don't see how it'll solve their problem, they're not gonna buy in line with that, certainly, right? The other end of this kind of, you know, two-sided coin is that the prospect won't buy if, if the the product isn't ultimately promising to give them the outcome, the result, the transformation that they're after, right?

We know that marketing copy messaging, right, is ultimately all about, right? We're communicating with a prospect that is on this island, and there's all kinds of problems and issues and pain points with being on this island. And the prospect wants to be on this island over here, and we've got a vehicle or a mode of transportation to get them from This island, um, to this island, right? And our mode of transportation is different from the others, and it's superior in some way. Either speed, smoothness, whatever it may be, right?

And so ultimately, right, are we describing an after state that is what it is that the prospect wants? Is it the after state that they are after, right? And so of course, we need these first two, right? Is that it doesn't solve the problem, or they don't see it as solving the problem that they have, and or it doesn't give them the outcome, the result, the transformation that they are, that they are looking for. These are the two kind of major overarching reasons why somebody would not buy.

Now, we're gonna get into the weeds a little bit, which we, we more so control from the actual copy that we're creating. Uh, and that is the first one of these is, it sounds similar to what they've tried before, right? Like, if they've tried a, if they've tried other methods, other mechanisms, other solutions before, and they haven't had success, they failed with those, hence why they're still dealing with the problem and still in the market for a, um, for a solution to the problem. Uh, the, the, the likelihood of them buying is slim to none, right? If people tried something, if, if a prospect has tried something before and it's failed, the likelihood of them buying something that sounds similar to what it is that they tried and failed with, again, is slim to none.

And so if it sounds too similar to what it is that they've tried before, what it is that they've heard before, what it is that they've done before, and what it is that hasn't delivered for them before, well then the likelihood of them buying is slim to none. That's a reason why they would not buy. If it sounds too similar, you, you guys and gals know, right? Uh, right. I preach differentiation.

I think meaningful differentiation is one of the most important marketing principles, copy principles, um, ever. I think that it's more valuable and more important today than ever before, especially in crowded and saturated markets where there's tons of different offers, uh, solutions, mechanisms, um, being pitched. And so I think it's critical that we differentiate, uh, in a meaningful way, meaningful differentiation being right, that we're differentiating in a way that is valuable to the prospect. It's not just a point of differentiation. It's not just an element that makes our product different.

It is an element that makes our product different in a way that is valuable to the prospect. So if, for example, we're selling, um, supplements and our bottles happen to be red and everybody else's bottles are white or glass, or see-through or something like that, well, unless we can give a valuable reason, uh, a valuable benefit behind the red bottle, just merely having a red bottle, while that's a point of differentiation, it's not a meaningful point of differentiation. It's not meaningful to the prospect. It doesn't change their life, it doesn't improve their life. It doesn't better solve their problem.

It doesn't better bring them to the, the island to the after state that they're, that they're looking for. So if it sounds similar to what it is that they've tried before, that's a reason for them not to buy. Next is, um, right? It sounds difficult, and we can combine these two together. It sounds difficult and or it sounds like a lot of work or effort, right?

And so, right, like you, you've gotta recognize it doesn't matter who it is, right? That we favor, um, ease over difficulty in solutions, right? Like the, you know, there are some minor exceptions to this, right? Like in the fitness world, there are some people that are looking for the most difficult training program, the most difficult training routine. You know, like that's a, they're, they're looking to challenge themselves.

They're looking for one of these crazy, you know, Spartan races where it's extremely difficult. But the overwhelming majority of consumers when it comes to solutions, uh, are, and products are looking for easy, not difficult. They're not looking for a lot of work or a lot of effort. They're looking for the least amount of effort possible. And the reason why the, and this is an important distinction for you to grasp, the difference between something like this, um, and those fitness people that are looking for the toughest Spartan, is that the value that they reap from the spartan is in the difficulty or the ease, right?

And they associate greater difficulty with greater value, greater payoff. And so they're participating, or, or, or, or going through a program, a training program like that because the going through it, um, is where the payoff comes. And so they associate the greater difficulty with the greater payoff. But for the majority of people, they're not buying a solution for the experience of going through the solution. It's not the, the value in the solution is not, um, extracted through the doing.

It's through the after. It's what that produces. The value is not in how difficult the solution is or how much work there is involved, or how much effort there is involved. It's in, they're buying the solution or investing in the solution for the end result. And so the majority of people are looking for something that is easy, not difficult, they're looking for something that doesn't, uh, doesn't have a lot of work or doesn't come with a lot of effort.

The easier it is, the less work involved, the less effort involved, the more people value it, right? The more people value it. In essence, you could say really, that the higher the price can be, right? The more difficult something is to do, the more work there is involved in the person doing it, the, the more, uh, um, uh, effort that they have to put in, um, to doing it, the lower the price, the less of those things there are, the higher the price can be because people value those things. And that should tell you, by the way, when you look at solutions offered, when you look at markets, when you look at, um, when you look at these, uh, you know, different products out there, and you see, let's say, and I don't mean in the same category, I mean products that are producing the same result, like let's say the gym weight loss, the gym to get in shape versus let's say surgery, right?

The, the gym to lose weight versus surgery, right? They're ultimately producing the same result, the same transformation, the same outcome that the prospect wants, which is to be thin. But you can see right there, there, uh, it's not an apples to apples comparison, right? One requires a lot of work, a lot of time, a lot of commitment, a lot of dedication, a lot of sacrifice. And one requires almost none of those things.

And so, right? And which one is, uh, comes with a higher price tag. Well, the gym is $19 to $49 a month, and surgery is in the thousands of dollars. And so the point is, is that right? People value, um, ease less work, less effort.

So if something sounds difficult, sounds like a lot of work, sounds like a lot of effort, that can absolutely be a reason that, uh, that makes them not buy or makes them not want to buy. Next in line with that is similar, um, but is time consuming? I say similar because right? Not everything that is time consuming is difficult. There could be things that are time consuming that are very easy and very repetitive, but they're time consuming nonetheless.

And, and then certainly I would say that things that require a lot of work, uh, are more time consuming than things that require very little work. But the point is, is that when something is time consuming and it takes a long time to produce results to get the benefit, um, it decreases the desire. It, it makes people a lot less, um, interested in buying it, right? And so the, the, the point here is that, right? You know, like, look, this is kind of marketing and copy, uh, 1 0 1 and persuasion 1 0 1, right?

That people want what is easy, what is little effort, uh, right? Uh, little work. Um, and, um, doesn't take a lot of time, right? And so it doesn't take a lot of time. It's fast produces fast results, the faster the result, right?

And the easier it is, the, um, the more valuable it is, right? Solutions that, you know, like if you could pop a pill and get the solution immediately without a lot of work, without, uh, a lot of time, uh, then it is more attractive and it is more valuable. And the opposite is also true. And so if something sounds difficult, if something sounds like a lot of work effort, if something sounds time consuming, these are all reasons why somebody would potentially not buy, you're giving them more reasons to not, to not buy. And you're gonna understand when, when I get to the end of this, how we kind of use these and how I think about this in copy.

Because right now, at this point, what you should really be thinking to yourself is, of course, Todd, I get it right? But the solution is the, what the solution is, in other words, uh, right? Uh, uh, like if we were starting with this list and designing a new solution or a new mechanism, cool, we've got criteria to follow, right? We would take the opposite of this, right? The opposite of this entire list here, right?

It does solve their problem, and it clearly solves their problem, right? It gives them the outcome they want. It doesn't sound similar to what they've tried before. It sounds easy, right? It sounds like little work, little effort.

It sounds like it works quick, right? Like not time consuming. We would do the opposite, right? Uh, when building our own mechanism, our own solution, our own product process, framework, method, whatever you wanna, whatever you wanna call it, what do you do when you're actually dealing with an existing product? Um, and you're not using this to design it, but we're using this now, um, as kind of a filter for the copy.

I'm gonna come back when we finish this list, and I'm gonna explain that next is, um, it, it sounds slow at producing the payoff. And so look, you know, time consuming and slow at producing the payoff, slow at producing results, um, are not the same thing, right? And so something could be time consuming and produce results quickly. In other words, like you, you might have a solution that can produce results in the first day, but it's gonna take, uh, four hours for it to produce results, right? Like four, four hours of exercise, four hours of working at the computer, whatever it may be, four hours of reading, blah, blah, blah, right?

It could take four hours, but produce results the same day, and it could produce results every day. But if it requires four hours every day, that is what you would call time consuming. You wouldn't say it's necessarily slow at producing the payoff or producing the result. You would just say it is time consuming, right? In an ideal world, the perfect solution is not at all time consuming.

It doesn't take up, uh, time at all, right? That's the, in an ideal world, just like in an ideal world, the solution is super easy to use. It requires very little work, very little effort, right? And very little time. And it produces the payoff very quickly, right?

Uh, you could say right, as closer to instantaneously immediately, the more valuable it becomes, the further away from instantaneously or immediately, um, the less attractive it is. And so, if it sounds like, um, it is slow at producing the payoff, then there you go. That's a reason why somebody might not buy, right? And so this is important to understand. This next sounds like an inadequate payoff.

This is the idea of, is the squeeze worth the juice, right? So, you know, look, you know, when we're solving somebody's problem, let's say, let's take weight loss for example, right? Um, well, you could have something that right? It, it is solving their problem, slow metabolism. It's giving them the outcome they want, you know, getting them thin, getting them, you know, uh, uh, losing weight, blah, blah, blah.

Um, but let's just say that, uh, it will, you know, it can take off and I could start working right away, but it can take off a total of six pounds, and that's it, right? Like, that's what this program is designed, works quickly, it's easy. There's not a lot of effort involved, but it's six pounds. Well, uh, unless the prospect is merely looking for six pounds or less of weight loss, right? That's gonna be an inadequate payoff for them.

It's not enough, right? Or if we said, you know, this will, this begins working immediately day one within the first hour, your metabolism is going faster, um, but you're losing, you know, a quarter pound a week, right? Like, um, that's it. Well, you, you could certainly say that. Uh, it's not necessarily slow at producing the payoff if it starts working day one, working the same hour, right?

Some people might say it's, it's going to be slow at producing the payoff 'cause I need to lose 50 pounds, but it's an inadequate payoff. Like, I'm not wor I'm not willing to do this for a quarter pound of weight loss a week. What this is re what this is requiring me, like the j the the, the juice just isn't worth the squeeze. Even if the squeeze is a minor, very little work, very easy, right? It still might not be worth it.

And so the payoff has to be big enough to warrant the squeeze, right? And so this is why you've heard me say before, we want the biggest payoff possible that is true and believable by the prospect, the biggest payoff possible. We wanna be able to promise that is true and believable, um, by the prospect. But, um, inadequate payoff, inadequate result, inadequate transformation, um, is, uh, is key. Next is it sounds risky right?

Now, this can apply in so many different areas. And this is why I wrote low likelihood of success is really kind of the chief category head that I want you to understand. If it, if it doesn't sound proven, highly repeatable, highly reliable, um, consistent, um, then there is a significant amount of risk, risk that it won't work. Um, risk that you won't experience the payoff. And that's why I said here, a low likelihood of success if the prospect feels like the stars need to align for them to reap the reward, the transformation result and outcome, right?

We're, we're hitting on something that is a reason for them, uh, to not buy that would make them not buy because it's too risky, it's too inconsistent, it's too unproven, it's too unreliable. Um, you know, uh, it needs to be, everything needs to be perfectly aligned for me to reap the, um, the results. Uh, that's a reason for them not to, um, to buy. And then finally on this list is they don't believe in themselves. And right?

Ultimately this is, you know, they might believe that the mechanism works. They might believe that the mechanism worked for you or for the editor for the expert. They might believe that the mechanism, the, the solution has worked for, um, for you, for the expert and for others, right? But they might not believe that it can work for them, right? Um, their situation, their needs, their circumstance, their experience, their knowledge, and so on.

And if they don't believe that the solution is, is, or, or their, their questioning, their ability to reap the reward from the, from the solution, like their ability to follow through, their ability to implement, their ability to commit, their ability to, uh, to do what needs to be done to get the result, well, then they're likely not going to buy, right? We need them to have a high level of confidence. We need them to have a high level of confidence in the solution, in the, uh, in the consistency, in the reliability of the solution. Um, they need to believe that they're gonna experience the outcome, the result, the transformation that they want, that they're gonna get an adequate payoff, all these other things. And they need to believe that they can do this, right?

That they, that they can do this, okay? And so that they can, uh, that they themselves can do this and experience the, the results. Now, with that being said, I wanna, I wanna take just a few minutes to how does this apply? Like, so what do we do with this, with these kind of criteria when we are writing copy for an existing mechanism, solution, or product that we, that we have, right? Well, number one, right?

This, you know, the, the certainly sounding similar to what it is that they've tried before, right? Part of our job when writing copy is to frame and position the product as new and different, and we have to find a basis for that. What about this product is different? What about this product is unique? What about the way that it works?

The mechanism, right? More often than not, nine out of 10 times we're gonna dig into the product during the examination stage, stage one of the E five method, right? We're gonna dive in and or, and, or as we're diving in and doing, uh, communicating with the expert or editor or whoever it may be, uh, the head, you know, the face, um, we're going to uncover the unique mechanism to understand how to position this uniquely. And so, right? We can never allow, like, we're never going to allow copy to come out or to go out, uh, to get published where the solution sounds similar to, um, to others.

Next is, I want to take these next bullets. The sounds difficult, sounds like a lot of work, sounds time consuming. Uh, uh, and, uh, I wanna take those, those three. So, sounds difficult, sounds like a lot of work effort and sounds time consuming. And so there are, there are two things here, right?

So number one is, I don't wanna say anything that makes it sound difficult or sounds like a lot of work, sounds like a lot of effort or sounds time consuming. So I would rather say nothing about the difficulty or the time it takes, um, rather than say something that makes it sound difficult or like a lot of work, a lot of effort or time consuming. So sometimes that may mean that we're removing copy because it could scare people. I'd rather have nothing than have copy that's scaring people because of how difficult it makes it. Other times we might need to look at a piece of copy, a, a, a paragraph, a sentence or two and say, is there a better way to say this?

Is there a better word choice, simpler words and a simpler sentence structure to, um, not make it sound as difficult as it is. Now, let me be clear about something. We're never gonna lie and stretch the truth and say that something is easy if it's not, right? So when I talk about the E five method, I never say it's easy, right? I know I don't say that it's difficult, right?

But I don't say that it's easy. I don't say that it's fast. Like, in other words, that, that you'll, you'll be able to bang this out and have your first e five campaign in an hour because that's not true. But I'm also not saying anything in the copy that makes it sound, um, more difficult, right? Um, that I don't, I don't want to, uh, I don't wanna say anything that makes it sound difficult or makes it sound more difficult.

That's not me lying. That's just not me saying anything that makes it sound difficult. And sometimes, you know, words that we, we use and the, the way that we can say certain things, the words themselves can make something sound, um, more difficult. Like if we said, even for example, you know, create your unique mechanism versus identify your unique mechanism or spot your unique mechanism versus create your unique mechanism, right? Take engineer your unique mechanism versus spot your unique mechanism, right?

And one engineer sounds a lot more daunting, a lot more intimidating than spot your unique mechanism that sounds like you're just looking. And boom, there it is. And so the point is that the word choice that I'm using might have to change, might be tweaked, but if at the end of the day there is no way for me to say it where it doesn't sound difficult or it doesn't sound like a lot of work, then I'm gonna take that out. I'll exclude that from the, um, from the copy. So let's take now, um, time consuming, uh, well, time consuming really can fall into the, uh, so ti time consuming does, excuse me, difficult.

A lot of work effort, time consuming falls into what I just said. Now, let's take slow at producing the payoff. So slow at producing the payoff. This could be, let's say, right, that we, let's go back to the example of we're losing a quarter pound or a half a pound a week, let's just say in a weight loss program, that's what they're gonna lose. And right, but they we're ultimately talking to people that wanna lose 30 pounds.

So you're talking 15 weeks. Now to some people, 15 weeks is a long period of time. I don't know if I could be committed to 15 weeks, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And so when I talk about producing the payoff, I won't talk about the 15 weeks to lose the 30 pounds. I'll talk about how quickly they start losing weight, their metabolism starts going, they start burning fat.

In other words, I'm gonna talk about the payoff, not the complete payoff in this context of losing 30 pounds, but the payoff of burning that first pound, you know, or quarter pound, um, burning fat right away. Like in other words, if this thing starts working right away in the first hour, speeding up your metabolism right away, burning more calories, burning more fat, the fir the very first day that you're using this, starting to shed fat from your body immediately day one, so that at the end of the week you're al you're already down at least a quarter of a pound, and you just continue to do that every day. I'm gonna, I'm gonna talk about the speed of producing payoff as quick, but I'm not gonna be talking about the full 30 pounds. I'm gonna be talking about a quarter pound. And so, right, I'm looking for the payoff, even if it's a smaller payoff in the, in the fastest period of time or in the shortest period of time.

So rather than talk about you'll lose a hundred pounds in a year, that year element, while the a hundred pounds can be exciting, that year is daunting. I would rather see you talk about the, a smaller increment of weight in a faster period of time. Quarter pound, half pound, one pound, two pounds in the first week, right? Mid 14 days in, you're already down four pounds. You know what four pounds of fat looks like, it looks like this, and you're down that, right?

In 14 days. And the beauty is that day one, you start burning fat, right? Like day one, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And so that's, that's how we are. Um, we are, uh, we're, we're, we're, we're talking about that sounds like, um, an inadequate payoff, right?

So this may, this may require us having copy that, that, uh, dimensionalizes what the payoff is, what, like the impact of the payoff. So something does potentially sound small. First of all, I'm gonna push it to see what is the biggest thing, the boldest thing that we can promise that is true and believable, and is this it or can we promise more, right? Can we promise something bigger, more exciting, more compelling, more bold, more audacious? That's, we're always gonna go and push to that limit of what's true and believable.

Um, but if it is, uh, not overly exciting, then one of the things that we're gonna do is we are going to dimensionalize, uh, we're gonna dimensionalize it. Uh, and meaning show, like if it's, you know, sometimes just showing like two pounds might not seem like a lot, but if you saw two pounds of fat, and imagine when you see two pounds of fat, and imagine taking that off of your body and the impact that that would have. Imagine four pounds of fat, all this, taking it off of your waist, and what that would mean in terms of the way your clothes are fitting, your shirts are fitting, your pants are fitting the, the outfits that you can wear, right? Dimensionalizing it. So it's either right, we're gonna, we're gonna push it to as bold and audacious as possible, while it's still being true and believable.

And also we may need to, uh, to, um, dimensionalize it. Um, you know, our job is to ultimately show, uh, reduce the perception of risk, Right? And so this is where, right, we need to think, think through, right? Like what, what needs to be said to reduce the level of risk, the level of, uh, or, or increase the level of likelihood of success for the prospect. What can we say, what can we present that increases the confidence in their mind of the likelihood of, of being successful?

So sometimes, like, look, there are, there are risky, let's say financial investment vehicles that we could still present, uh, certain stats that demonstrate the likelihood of success, even though it's considered risky. Meaning that, meaning we've gotta think through this to how do we make the risky, um, how do we, how do we present the risky so it doesn't feel as risky, giving the prospect more confidence in, in their likelihood of experiencing success with it? And then in the last one, they don't believe in themselves. The beauty of this is that when done right, this is a little copy kind of maneuver, is that this is also the value of using o of putting, demonstrating, proving, showing how the mechanism itself is doing the heavy lifting, and that the prospect is really the passive recipient of the benefit rather than the, um, the active, uh, driver of the benefit. What I mean by that is like when, you know, it's the difference between in the copy that like saying to somebody, you know, you'll do, you know, you'll get this formula, and then when you implement the formula and you use the formula, you'll experience X, y, z, versus saying that once you get this, the formula will go to work for you producing X, Y, Z, right?

It's the, in that example, in that little example, it's the formula that is doing the work, that is doing the heavy lifting of producing the result. And when we can demonstrate, when we can show that it's the mechanism, it's the method, it's the solution, it's the framework, process, system, whatever that is actually doing the work of producing the result, well then the onus is not on the prospect. And so it's not about their ability or their perception of their ability, their knowledge, their understanding, um, their commitment, their dedication, their motivation. It's none of those things. It's like, I wanna, I want to, if at all possible, show them like, look, none of those things can interfere with this because the, the thing is doing the work for you, right?

That's the, that's the perception, assuming that that it's accurate. That's the perception. That's the picture that I wanna paint. That's the perception I want them to have, that it's this thing that's doing the result that like, if we were selling a financial investing vehicle, that it is not, um, how well you understand stocks and how well you can read, you know, candlestick charts and how, how well you can read, uh, you know, business fundamentals of p and LA balance sheet or anything like that, right? It's not you learning those things and then being good at them and being efficient at them and seeing things the right way and making smart decisions.

No, it's this system that will do the analysis for you that will do all of that for you and just tell you then what to do. So regardless of what, you know, understand, comprehend, you know, um, can do, you're gonna experience the result because you're gonna, you're gonna experience the result in spite of yourself, right? Because it's the system that does the work for you. It's the framework that does the, the heavy lifting for you. It's the mechanism that produces the result for you.

And so that's the beauty of using that approach, right? What, you know, what I would sometimes refer to as pluralizing, the verb, right? Uh, you know, it, it, rather than burn fat, it burns fat, um, rather than, you know, uh, like makes successful trades. It, it makes successful trades for you, um, kind of thing. That is a beautiful way to handle this.

And so there you go. Overall, what I just really want you to recognize is I want you to think at the beginning with a product like this, with a solution like this, with the problem that the prospect has, with the outcome that they want. Um, when I'm bringing a solution to them, well, what are all the reasons why they wouldn't buy? What are, what are all the nasty ugly things about the solution that would turn them off or a solution that would turn them off, right? And how do I make sure that we don't demonstrate like, that we stay away from those things that we show the opposite of those things?

Um, in the copy, in the messaging, what would make them not buy rather than what would make them buy eliminate? You know, I, I think it was, if I remember correctly, and if I'm misquoting our buddy Caleb, uh, I apologize for that. Like, his idea was I just wanna take away all the reasons why they wouldn't buy my job is to write sales copy that would take away, that takes away all the reasons why they wouldn't buy. So that what they're left with are only reasons to buy. That's what I want you guys to think about.

And so there you go. That's it for this, uh, session. I will be, we'll be back together, um, next week, uh, next week's marketing training. And so, uh, I'll see you guys then.
