---
title: "cc_ 2025-01-14"
date: 2025-01-14
duration: 40m
duration_seconds: 2417
vimeo_id: 1046881054
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2025-01-14

**Date:** 2025-01-14 | **Duration:** 40m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right, so today I wanna talk again about the unique mechanism. It's been a little while since we've talked about the unique mechanism, what it is that I want to remind you of today, we've talked about before. Uh, but I think that it's worthy of talking about, again, because it is a critical aspect of, uh, of presenting the unique mechanism. So, I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna share my screen over here, and I'm gonna pull up the, um, the slide deck. Let me do this.

Let me do this. Lemme stop this one second. View play full screen. There we go. Okay, so you guys can, um, can see my screen and, and ultimately, you know, look, I wanna, uh, before we dive in and, and go through this, and like I said, this, this may jar a memory for you because I've, I've covered this with you guys once before.

I believe it's been, uh, eight months or 10 months since we've done that. But I wanna talk for one second. And I know that this might seem basic in marketing 1 0 1, but I think that it's just helpful to have a little kind of contextual conversation. So, uh, so what is the unique mechanism? Somebody give me your definition of what, what is a unique mechanism?

So you guys can probably, should probably open your mics to be prepared to just jump in. What is a unique mechanism, Michael? Oh, he's still muted. There you go. Okay.

Uh, what's a unique mechanism that's like the, the unique process or system or whatever that, that is behind the, um, the product or the service? Very good. And what is it? It, it, it ultimately delivers the result. It's the reason why the product or service is able to fulfill on the promise.

It's ultimately, if we're making a claim of superiority, that it's the fastest, it's ultimately right. Like the, um, is the thing that is fulfilling that it's the thing that is delivering that. It's the, it's the reason why we're able to make that, that promise or, um, or, or, or claim, uh, what is ultimately the emotion or feeling, John, that we're trying to, uh, get the prospect to feel, uh, when we use a unique mechanism, what, what's the, like, why are we, what's the purpose of using unique mechanism? And what, what are we ultimately trying to get the prospect to, to feel, Um, the, like that this time is gonna be different at the hope that, okay. Yeah.

The reason why I've not been able to achieve result or get the desired outcome that I've been looking to get is because I've not been using unique mechanism to achieve that. And all of the other ways, whether I've tried them or not, or have been come across 'em or not, they, they can be pushed aside because there's this new and different way of achieving X or y result or whatever they, the promises that's being met. So by introducing the unique mechanism, you're giving the prospect hope that this time they can actually get the result that they want to get. Yep. Very good.

So, uh, so you packed right a lot into that answer. So we're, you know, first of all, we're using the unique mechanism as the core differentiation, uh, you know, tool, if you will. It's the, it's the core differentiator. It's the way that we're ultimately answering the question. What is different about this?

And the beauty is that, uh, that this is a meaningful point of differentiation, the unique mechanism, because it is the reason why this thing able is able to fulfill on the promise. It's the reason why this thing ultimately works. It's the reason why this thing works better than the other options out there. And so, right. And so because of that, we give, like John said, the prospect, the feeling of hope that maybe this time will be different because this is so different than any other solution that I've used.

Because the way this works is different from the prior solutions that, uh, that I've tried. And so, even though I've failed before, even though I've missed the mark before, even though I've tried a lot of other things and didn't get the result that I want, maybe this time I will, because this works differently than all of those other things. And maybe the way that this works is what it is that I need to experience success. So it gives them a tremendous feeling of, of hope, of possibility that this time may be, may be different. Now, what are we ultimately adida?

What are we ultimately trying to, when when we say we're presenting an argument, what are we ultimately presenting an argument for? What are we ultimately trying to prove in the E five method? In the argument? Yeah. That the, that, um, the unique mechanism.

So the solution, uh, is the best way for them to get the result that we are promising. Okay? So we're ultimately, right, we could say to go into the E five method a little bit deeper, we could say, right, that the, we, the, uh, argument is ultimately proving or establishing the thesis, the buying belief in the mind of the prospect, and the mm-hmm. The thesis is usually made up in some form of, uh, of, uh, that the unique mechanism is superior in some area to other solutions, to other options when it comes to delivering the result that the prospect wants. So the thesis is like that it, that the unique mechanism is either, it's either the fastest, it's either the most effective, the most powerful, the most reliable, the most consistent, or some combination of that for delivering the, excuse me, the result to the prospect that the prospect wants.

It's the, it's the, like, uh, Adida said it's the best way in some area, in one or more areas, uh, for experiencing the outcome, the payoff, the transformation that the prospect wants. And so that is ultimately the argument that we are presenting. We're presenting an argument that proves, uh, or that creates that belief that the unique mechanism is the superior way to experience the results, which brings us now to the point of this, uh, of this training. And this is about ultimately. So when you are crafting that argument, right?

Ultimately we're crafting a why argument, not a how argument, meaning we're not, it's not how the unique mechanism works. It's why the unique mechanism works. How the unique mechanism works is ultimately more teaching, more, uh, you know, explanation and why it works, right? Is ultimately proving that it works. It is, it, it that it works and explaining why it works without getting into how it works.

And so, ultimately, uh, over here, this is really the, the core takeaway. This is the, the key thing is that ultimately we're, we're not showing, uh, how the unique mechanism works. We're presenting an argument for why it works. And you know, those two are, these two right here are not the same, right? And it's very easy to get caught in that trap of, you know, of explaining how the unique mechanism actually works to deliver the result rather than, right?

Rather than explaining why it's able to work to deliver the result, how it works. Presenting or showing or explaining how it works is not the same as presenting an argument for why it works. Before I go on, does anybody have any questions about this? Or does anybody have anything that you would add to give a clear explanation for all the folks that listen to these recordings afterwards? Right?

And so the difference between explaining how it works and why it works, it, it is a little bit of nuance. The, you know, it's, it, it's not always as, um, you know, as, uh, black and white as, as we would like, but there is a difference between showing how it works. Um, you know, or, you know, and, uh, presenting an argument for why it works. I would almost say that for just application purposes, that when you start to, or when you find a client or student who starts to teach, uh, kind of, uh, how to use the unique mechanism or, or how it's used, or show an example of what it looks like to put it to work, the, the, um, you're moving in the wrong direction. 'cause ultimately, I just wanna tell somebody, right?

There's a new way for you to experience X and it works, right? It's faster and more effective than anything else, and here's why, and here's why, rather than, right? And here's how it works. It's, and here's why, because it talks to both sides, you know, because it, it, it communicates with both sides of your prospect's brain, therefore, stimulating two different types of emotions. I'm not explaining how it talks to both sides of the brain.

I'm just, I'm, I'm explaining to them why it works that in this weird example, that it talks to both sides of the, of the prospect's brain. And so, does that make sense? It's an important distinction, but Michael was was there anything that you were gonna add? Yeah, I, in, in my mind when I think about this, like I look at the statement that you have there, don't show how the UN works present an argument for why it works. Like that last part, why it works.

I tend to think why, um, why it delivers the on the promise, you know, rather than why it works. Because that just clears up some, uh, confusion in my head, especially when I'm explaining it to someone. Does that make sense? So like, you, you could say why it works to, you know, yeah. This or that, or two, you know what I mean?

Yeah. I like, I your yours is a more complete, a complete statement. So sure. Why it works to deliver the result, that's actually a better way to, or a clearer way to say what it is that I'm ultimately trying to say here. I, I, and so you're absolutely, you're absolutely right.

How about, what, what would you say is the, is there, is there a different way that you would kind of, uh, differentiate showing how it works and presenting an argument for why it works to deliver the result? Is there, is there like a is there anything that I didn't say that you would say to better drive home? What's the difference? Somebody says, like, I don't really see the difference in showing how the, um, works. Yeah, I, um, no, I, I think you, it, it's pretty clear the way you explained it.

Okay. Um, how the, um, works. Like when I think of how, like, it, I get, gimme an example of, um, like maybe some kind of mattress that, you know, how it works would be like, um, the springs and the, i, I don't know. Okay. But then why it works to like get rid of your back pain, uh, is, is a different, the two different things.

I, I probably didn't clear it out, but, Um, no. Well, I, I think, look, I think, you know, probably a better example because there are, it's interesting how there are some examples, which I think I, I said earlier that sometimes, right? It's not as black and white as I would, um, allow it to be. I, I do think that it's interesting just kind of hearing you give that example, I do think that, that there are some examples where, um, where the, the nuance difference between how the, um, works and why it works is a lot more blurred than other times. Let me give you an example.

So the, the example of a mattress that helps to alleviate back pain, um, you know, I think that, that it's more than likely no one's gonna be getting into teaching how to use, you know, how, how that, how the mattress, how the mattress works, like, or how you would use the mattress to alleviate the back pain, right? It it is about the way the springs are designed or the way the the foam is designed Yeah. Or the way that it, it adapts, but now let's take a language learning system that somebody has and right. Um, and let's say it uses a, um, it uses some sort of unique repetition to implant it in memory. I'm just making this up now, right?

Well, the, how it works is explaining the repetition aspect of it and how through this type of repetition, right, uh, which works like this, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, it leads to greater, you know, memory, retention, blah, blah, blah. That's explaining how it works. Where the reality is, is that I don't need to get into that much detail about the repetition. I could present that, you know, why it works, which is that it uses a certain linguistic device to speed memory. I don't have to get into the nitty gritty of it uses, you know, you're gonna repeat the word seven times, and when you repeat the word seven times, you're gonna say it louder every time.

And I don't need to explain how it works, the, um, in detail. I just need to explain why it works, that it uses a specific, you know, again, linguistic trick to trigger memory at a deeper and fuller level, right? That's explaining why it works. Not getting into the nitty gritty details of how it works now, even in that there's some nuance between how and why, but much less than the mattress example. And so is that, did that help at all, or is that more confusing now, the examples that I gave?

No, that's clear to, to me. Okay. John, is there anything that you would add? Um, you can correct my thinking if I'm off here, but the way I think of it is, like, from a metaphor point of view is the, like the, the why, when you're focusing on the why part of it, that's thinking like of when you push your foot on the gas or an accelerator in the car, the car moves forward, versus if you were to focus on the, how you'd get into the, the ins and outs of how internal combustion works and everything that's under the hood and how the engine, all the different parts of the engine are talking to each other. But the reality is that that's how the, how the engine works, and that's how the car actually moves forward.

But the why is like you put your foot on the gas car moves forward. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I think the, I I, I like that I, you know, I think that, that the how for me is ultimately when you start to get into details that are the details of the, um, that are unnecessary for the prospect to know, to believe that it does work, to deliver the result, uh, uh, as per the thesis. In other words, when we start to teach, when we start to explain more than what is necessary for the prospect to believe that, um, that the, um, works to deliver the result, like the way that we've stated in the, in the thesis, that's when you're, you tend to be crossing into that how, how the, um, works rather than why it works.

Because what they be, they need to believe that it works and they need to understand why it works. They don't need to understand how it works, right? And so, like I said, that example of it speaks to both sides of the brain. I don't need to explain to them how it speaks to both sides of the brain. I don't need, like if I said right, that the beauty of, you know, it uses a big idea and the beauty is that it speaks to both sides of the brain, and that's why it's so much more engaging than the typical hook or angle used for a funnel.

I don't need to explain, um, or show how a big idea is constructed to speak to both sides of the, the brain. I just need to them to understand why it is superior and why it's superior is because it does speak to both sides of the brain. I don't need to get into the details on how it does that. Hopefully that's a clearer, um, a clearer, uh, um, example. I, and So I, Go ahead.

Sorry. Yep. Yeah, I, I tend to think for me, when I, when I, uh, write copy to think in terms of the active ingredient that differentiates the unique mechanism from everything else, and I kind of, I kinda stay at the level of almost like comparing it to the other similar solutions for overall unique mechanism and then sometimes for each pillar, if that's available. So the active and ingredient and it's qualities, uh, to show why it works the best for that specific solution. Gotcha.

Okay. I dig that. I like that. I think, you know, I'll, I'll go back to when I see people that start to teach, they'll, you know, they start to teach, um, uh, about the unique mechanism and they're giving details that are just unnecessary for somebody to believe, uh, that it works. In other words, I'm not saying that they're, that they're saying something that is contradictory to what it is that they're trying to do, but they're just giving unnecessary information about the, um, and about how it works.

Um, rather than focusing on getting the prospect to believe the, um, works producing the result that they want, right? Like, our job is ultimately to just get the prospect to believe that the, um, works at producing that result, that ultimate, right? We're trying to just get the prospect to believe the thesis. This is why, as a side note gang, this is why it really is so critically important that we do that good job that we get clients and students to do that good job that they need to do with the thesis in advance. Because as you've heard me say before, that's the thesis then becomes that north star.

This is ultimately what we're trying to do. And now we can put everything through the filter of are we moving prospects closer and closer to believing this? Is this chunk of copy necessary for the prospect to believe this? If I took this chunk of copy out, could the prospect still, um, still believe this? If I include this, this piece of copy in it in here, will it move the prospect closer to believing this?

Everything is driven by the, um, the campaign thesis. And so ultimately we're just trying to get the prospects to believe that the, um, works at producing the result that they want, period. And so that, that doesn't often require the how to, it requires the why. It works us proving why it is able to deliver the result that they want, the way we've said it can deliver the result. And so, with that being said, right, just a couple mistakes, and we've covered this before and we've kind of covered, uh, covered, uh, um, a bunch of these on this call, right?

Explaining the details of how the unique mechanism works, right? Giving far too many, far too many details about this. Like almost kind of, almost what I would say is almost they're beginning to share stuff in the marketing that they really should be sharing in the quick start of their, for their product, the quick start manual or the quick start video, right? The stuff that you would start to teach them, like when they get the product and now they're ready to start using the product, right? And they're taking some of that, and they're starting to share it in the marketing and mistake.

And so explaining the details of how the u the, um, works or beginning to explain the details is a mistake. Certainly revealing too much about the unique mechanism. Sometimes you can reveal too much to the point where the prospect then no longer sees it as a unique mechanism. Even if it is a unique me, they start to feel like this is very similar to that, or this is similar to what it is that I've tried before. Or right.

We just take the, we remove a bit of the mystery of the, um, of the unique mechanism. And often when we do that, we can lessen that feeling of hope and that belief that this is the answer that's alluded me, um, all this time, similar to the first bullet, teaching them how to use or implement the, um, that's very similar to when I said, you know, there's certain information that, you know, we would give in a quick start. Like, you know what, you'll need three things to be able to, like if we were introducing a new funnel model and we were like, there are three things that you'll need to use, that you need to have in order to use this new, new funnel model. Well, I don't see how that kind of information helps to prove why this works, right? In that, in that little, in that little example.

And so sometimes teaching how the unique mechanism works or teaching how to use it, or teaching how to implement it, or teaching how to get started with it, or teaching what tools are required, or giving them a glimpse into what the setup looks like, or the, the, uh, the, um, in action looks like. These are all mistakes that are unnecessary in the marketing argument because they're not ultimately showing the prospect or leading the prospect to believe, to understand why it works in able to produce, uh, the result, not not focusing enough on the proof of why it works. And in this context, when I say proof, this really is the, um, this, uh, the bulk of this is the reason why copy the right, not focusing enough proof on why it works, right? Like it works, because what follows next is proof. It works quickly because it works better than the others.

Because what follows next, right? Functions as proof for that claim. So not focusing enough on the proof of why it works. And, and, you know, uh, let me say this is in here because this is not just, what you'll notice is that this is not, I didn't say not focusing enough on the proof that it works, but not focusing enough on the proof of why it works. So remember, when we're putting together an argument for the unique mechanism, we're gonna make claims about why it works at, right?

We're gonna make claims about why it works. And so we then need to provide the proof for those claims about why it works. So presenting proof, let's say that it works, is different from presenting proof of why it works. Does that make sense to you guys? Right?

So testimonials or, or case studies, testimonials and case studies can present proof that it works. They don't necessarily present proof of why it works. And so, right. Not having enough proof to support the claims about why it works. Go ahead.

Michael, you were gonna say something? No, I was just saying it, it does make sense to me. Okay, good. Uh, and then finally, you know, succumbing to the curse of knowledge, and this is just one of those, uh, you know, this is one of those things that I think, you know, applies in multiple areas of writing copy, but I've just seen it, you know, again and again lately, that you have to, um, you have to fight the, you have to recognize how much more you know and understand than the prospect does in terms of the vocabulary that you, you use, the things that you talk about, the things that you choose to explain and not explain how you describe and articulate, um, the reasons why the u, um, works. Like the, the, the, the, how you explain or prove in the argument, uh, the ums effectiveness.

You've gotta remember who you are talking to and prevent the curse of knowledge from pulling you, uh, um, to a more sophisticated level than what the prospect is, um, is at. Right? Like, I, I've just seen a lot of copy, uh, over the last handful of weeks that's like, I'm like, man, who you, you know, you, you, it feels like you're writing for a coach in this market, not a person who's looking for a coach. It feels like you're using language that like 1% of the market would use, who's really in the, know, who's experienced the, who's knowledgeable, right? Not the people that are looking for a coach that is in the 1%.

And so, right, you have to remember that when you're explaining and articulating, um, why the, um, works when you're presenting that argument. Anybody have anything that, that you would add to this or ask about this or any additional insights? Um, one thing I'll add is the, the whole idea of the removing the mystery. I think that's, that's something that's, um, I think do, I don't want to say say anything too, but the, I've come across some, some copy for an offer a few months back. Um, and they pretty much we're doing all of this, and except for they weren't focusing on the proof of why it works, but they were making everything else.

They were going into too much detail that it was, you were just getting lost. And the, the nitty gritty of the details, they were using language that like the, their target market may not have even understood because they were, they, you know, they were so in it themselves, and they had that curse of knowledge and they were saying things and in certain ways that, you know, they were, they were just so in it themselves that they were just forgetting that they were, they weren't speaking to someone as knowledgeable as they, as they were themselves. And the, essentially, they were doing so much teaching and, but the whole thing of removing the mystery, they, they nearly give away the farm in the thing. So you, like, people could legitimately say was, okay, I get it. Like, I'm gonna go away and try to do this now.

Versus actually creating an argument of to lead it to the sale. It, it, it created somewhat of an argument to follow the process, but they gave so much detail on the process. You could nearly go and do it without their, just with what they've put in there. 'cause they teach so much. And I think that's, that's such an important distinction to, to keep some mystery there because people will try and link things up and they'll put it into a certain box either saying it's like this, oh, it's like that thing that I've tried before.

Or they'll just try and go away and do it without actually purchasing your program or your offer, or whatever the case may be. Yeah, I think that's, you know, well said. I think that it's, it, it really is worth saying that, you know, like we need to maintain as much mystery as possible while still, uh, while still giving an argument, excuse me for why it works, but the thing to really understand, like John really just, uh, um, said so well, is that the more you open that curtain, the more of the mystery, right? Like the more you open that curtain, the more you risk somebody saying, oh, I think I know what this is. Oh, I, I think I've tried something, um, similar to this.

The more you risk somebody saying like, wow, that that sounds like a lot, or that sounds like it's not exactly for me, right? Like, you just open up more risks for doubt, for questions, for skepticism, for being categorized. The more you, um, the more you open that kind of, you know, the more you open the commer, uh, the curtain and the more you, um, share the other thing. And it kind of somewhat goes back to, you know, the copy that we looked at last week. You know, it's interesting, you know, I've been kind of thinking about the copy that we looked at last week.

You know, uh, you know, Michael had asked, you know, um, like, I remember Michael, you had asked last week, like, Todd, do you write this way? And I said, no, I don't, you know, I don't, I'm not, you know, I don't have that Hemingway esque style of just short, um, choppy. But we talked about kind of the, the, the value of, you know, simple writing when it comes to comprehension. I also think that, right? That I, this idea of comprehension and this idea of even, you know, sentence structure, you know, simple sentences, simple thoughts ultimately even carry over here in terms of a simple argument.

Like, look, you know, a confused prospect doesn't buy a confused prospect doesn't stick around a confused and or board prospect bounces. And so if what you're presenting is hard to follow, if it's a lot of information or too much information in kind of in, in, in one sitting, if you're covering a bunch of information, um, in something. And so it's hard to see the attachment of this piece to this piece. And the, and the, and the prior piece is you lose the prospect. People aren't going to work to figure out what it is that you're trying to say.

They're not gonna work and put an effort to comprehend what it is that you are saying. And so it's another reason why we need simple. We need to never forget who we're talking to, what level they're on. We need to speak their language and we need to say it in the clearest, most concise, pithy manner possible, right? Like, we need to get to the heart of it.

We've also talked about in the past that, right, the more complex, I forget the name of this, uh, it escapes me right now, the name of this kind of principle or law, but the more complex an explanation is for, um, a solution, the more complex prospects tend to feel the solution is, right? And so the easier something is to explain, the easier people think it is to use. And so, right, the, the, the, the complexity of our arguments, the complexity of what it is that we're talking about when we're talking about the, um, right, both from a high level view of are, are we, are we sticking with why it works? Are we weaving in how it works and starting to train them on it and teach them on it? Are we pulling back mystery, giving, revealing more, more information for them, like the simplicity of what it is that we're saying on a high level, all the way down to the simplicity of the, the writing and the message impacts how somebody views the product, whether they view it as something that's gonna be easy to use, or they view it as something that's gonna be complicated to use.

And so it all, uh, it all matters. And so any final words, Michael or, um, John, I know Adida had to bounce anything that you would add in here to put a bow on this? Not so related to this week's call, but related to last week's call. So based on last week's call, I put together some copy for that was short and sweet and snappy. I saw it, yeah.

And actually launched it, and it's getting a better CPA than some of our more recent ads. So it's like, it's, and the cts are higher, Cox per click is lower, and CPA is lower as well. So, um, short and snappy works. Yeah, I, you know, again, I'll say, you know, you know, we certainly know that, right? Like, 'cause it's, it's easy to read, it's easy to understand it, you know, it flows.

It has a, it has a different cadence. I told you guys this probably more than once, but I'll say it again. I think it's a great way to just put a, you know, put a bookend on what John just said. But I'll never forget when I was having dinner with Mark Ford, the guy behind, uh, you know, Agora's, uh, the Agora company's, you know, monster Growth and Mark, we were talking about the, um, the renewal rate on newsletters, and they sell mostly financial newsletters, you know, so people are interested in increasing, growing their portfolio. And so Mark was like the, what do you think is the number one reason why people, uh, or the, the number we looked across our newsletters and what do you think is the, the number one predictor of renewal rate?

Like, which newsletters do you think at the highest renewal rate? And I thought I told you guys this before, I thought for sure it was gonna be the ones that had the best track record. Meaning that if you look back over the last year, they had the most growth in the portfolio that they were recommending. People had the most amount of success, um, from the, from the newsletter. And, um, and Mark said, no, he said the ones with the lowest FK score had the highest renewal rate.

Uh, right. These are people that are subscribing to learn how to grow their portfolio with specific stock recommendations, when to buy, when to sell, like how to manage your own portfolio. And the number one thing that they saw was the ones with the highest renewal rate had the lowest FK score, and the ones with the lowest, um, renewal rate had the, had the highest FK score, ease of readability, ease of consumption, ease of understanding. And so, makes total sense to me why, um, why that easy kind of simple sentence structure leads to, you know, uh, you know, pro produce as well. I think also we could make the argument, you could make the potential argument, and, and this is kind of interesting, I've never really thought about this.

Be curious to see what you think real quick, Michael, but you also could make the argument that sometimes the curse of knowledge, um, can carry over even into what it is that we feel is simple writing, because we are readers, and most people are not readers. Most people don't read 40 or 50 books a year, right? There are people that, you know, they're lucky if they finish one book a year, right? There's a meme going around on Facebook about like, you know, I picked out, I picked out my book that I'm gonna complete this year, right? Uh, in reading, reading my, the, my book.

And so, right, what we find easy and what the average individual finds easy may be vastly different. And so therefore, what looks like, holy cow, this is ridiculous, how basic, and you know, like, uh, how, how simple this sentence structure is, like what we looked at last week, but remember what it is that we're dealing with in terms of, you know, readers and long form sales letters. Most people don't read all that much. And so simple, easy, uh, easy for them to comprehend. What do you think about that, Michael?

Yeah, I agree a hundred percent. Um, I had a question though about what Mark Ford told you. Yeah. Was he talking about the sales copy or the actual content of the newsletter? That was Yeah, He was talking about the paid, yeah, he was talking about the actual content of the paid newsletters.

Yeah. Yeah. And so, yeah, which is why I said when he was like, the newsletters, so this is the actual content that they've paid for that was being mailed out once a month. And I'm like, he's like, what, what do you think brought the best renewal? I'm like, oh, for sure.

It's gotta be the, the biggest growth in the portfolio. Like, who's the best analyst who's just crushing it with their, with their recommendations 'cause Right? You think that's why they're subscribing. And you know, when, when Mark said, he said no, he said the ones with the lowest FK score, the newsletters, the content with the lowest F FK score were the ones that, um, had the highest renewal. And afterwards I did a little bit of thinking and, um, I kind of surmised, this is not from Mark, so this is just totally on my own.

So I could be completely off the mark here. Uh, but I do believe this to be, um, uh, I believe that this would be true, that I believe that it's, it's likely because we know that, uh, that most people don't take action. They do not take action like by buying, like in this case, buying the stock when it was recommended, exiting the stock, when it was recommended holding, you know, certain equities for X amount, you know, x length of time, all, all that jazz. But because they're consuming it or a chunk of it and they're able to understand it, and they feel like they're growing in their knowledge because they can understand it. And to them, right, to them, that is somewhat a result.

It is a value add to them. Now, you take the people that, the new, the newsletters where write, they don't understand a lot of the content, therefore they're not improving in their knowledge and they're not taking action on the recommendations. And, all right, I'm out 'cause I'm not getting anything. And so it makes sense to me. We know that most people don't take action.

The overwhelming majority of people are not. Let's just assume that it carries that it's similar to, just for argument's sake, that it's similar to the online education space where, call it seven outta 10 people aren't even completing the program or, you know, aren't taking action. Let's just say, right? Then it makes sense to me why? Simple, understandable.

I can grasp it, I get it makes sense. Uh, you know, there, and I'm growing, I'm learning. So now I'm, when I do decide to take action, I'm in a better position than I was eight months ago or six months ago. 'cause I know a lot more. So it's a way to justify value even when you don't take action.

And I, I, I just think that even in that arena, most people don't read a lot. And so simple, easy to understand, makes sense, can see it. Um, I, I understand why it works. Cool. Alright, you guys are outta here.

That's all she wrote. I will see you guys next week. If you need anything, slack me. If not, have an amazing day guys.
