---
title: "cc_2024-03-05"
date: 2024-03-05
duration: 36m
duration_seconds: 2200
vimeo_id: 919737158
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2024-03-05

**Date:** 2024-03-05 | **Duration:** 36m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Okay, so what I wanna do this week is, so I believe it was last week, and somebody correct me if I'm mistaken, I, I don't think, Michael, I think you weren't here last week, Michael John, uh, you were, um, I believe, and so last week what we talked about was, uh, we talked a little bit about how with the unique mechanism that one of the big problems or, or big issues that I've been seeing lately is when people think that in order to have education based marketing, they need to teach the nitty gritty details of how the unique mechanism works. And I said that ultimately what we're ultimately really trying to do is not educate them on how the unique mechanism works, but we're really educating them on why the unique mechanism works. And ultimately, I could even kind of trim that down a little bit, uh, and say that we're educating them on the fact that the unique mechanism works. And so that's probably a better way to say it, right? Our aim is to get them to believe that the mechanism we are talking about works to deliver the result they want and is superior to the other options in some form or fashion.

This is really, it might seem like a nuance, but it's really not, because what can happen if you focus too much on thinking that you have to really unpack the inner workings of the unique mechanism and the, the complexity of the unique mechanism and the structure of the unique mechanism and the different components of the unique mechanism is you can end up with copy that is way too complex and takes the focus off of what can happen for the prospect and puts the focus on this thing, right? And ultimately, thi this is where, this is that, that fine balance. And I'm gonna show you an example of something in, in a little bit that's we're gonna, this call is gonna be about me showing you an example of copy that has a kind of, you know, a bit of a unique mechanism. Uh, but that doesn't in any way, shape or form explain how the unique mechanism works. There's no complexity, there's no technical aspect, there's none of that.

All the copy that I'm gonna show you keeps its focus on what the unique mechanism means for the prospect and what they can expect to experience and why this can be a life changing opportunity. Why this is a huge moment in time, and why they should jump at this. The thing that I was gonna say was that, you know, while you know, it's this, it's this weird or interesting dynamic that, um, that yes, I believe that the unique mechanism is, is the star in the campaign. It's the star in the campaign, in the sense that it's the thing that we are, we're, we're showing the prospect that we've got a new and different way to get them the result, right? And so we're shining a spotlight on this new and different thing, but when I say that it's the star and that we're shining a spotlight on this thing, that doesn't mean that we need to go levels deep in, in explaining the inner workings of this thing.

What it means is that ultimately we just have to show the prospect that we've got something new and different that can give them the result that they want. And, and ultimately, we're not just saying it, but we're presenting an argument. We're showing support and evidence and whatnot to prove that yes, this unique mechanism can deliver the result that doesn't require in all circumstances, us to go deep into how this thing works. Sometimes you don't have to explain how it works at all. You don't have to get into any of that.

If you present something new and different, and then you show enough proof and evidence and support that demonstrates that this thing works and works in all circumstances or most circumstances and is easy, right? You, you show the support. You don't have to get into the how tos. Even if you talk about it's easy to use, you don't have to get into the inner workings. Um, like you can use, if, if the inner workings of this thing were, were three steps, it's push this button, push this button, and push this button, cool.

We could use that explanation as support and evidence for why it's easy, but we don't have to present those three steps. We can present other evidence that shows that it is easy. And so my point in sharing this again, is to reemphasize that the inner workings of how the unique mechanism works is not the main focus selling the prospect, so to speak, on the fact that we've got this thing and that yes, it does work, and yes, you can reap the rewards. That's the gold. And we wanna do it in the most, um, in the most kind of simple, easy to understand way.

And I believe that the more that the more you focus on the inner workings of the unique mechanism, the more complex and complicated the messaging becomes, and the less you focus on the inner workings of the unique mechanism, the more, the more simple, the, the easier it is to keep the copy simple. And so I wanna show you, and so does that make sense? Like I, I know, you know, does, does it make sense that, like, look, you know, and I don't wanna, I wanna be sensitive to, um, let me see if I can, I'm gonna pull up a, I'm gonna pull up a different piece of copy for one second, and then I'll go to the main lesson that I want to, um, that I wanna show you. And so let me see if I can pull up something here. Uh, let's see.

Recent hang tight guys, while I see if I can pull this up real quick. Recent email campaign. What bullet, where the heck is this thing? No, that's not it. Dang it.

Is this it? Yeah. Okay. Hang on one second. Lemme see if I can find this.

It's gonna be one second. Hang tight. Okay, I gonna show you this screen. Sorry For all the dead time of me Doing work over here. Probably should be, could Shoot out some emails while you guys stand over there.

Um, So this is from the financial publishing, um, industry. And, Uh, and I want you to see something here. So this is about, uh, this institutional shadowing. That's the unique mechanism. And, um, and I just want you to see something over here, uh, as part of the copy.

So the question becomes how exactly do you shadow institutional demand? Uh, you do it using my, using the strategy I created back in 2007 called the Keystone method. The keystone method is built on four components. The first component is, is order flow stacking. This is understanding where the market mover.

Second component is tape reading. This is where you check to see if order flow is still valid. This involves discerning whether it's the right time to buy today, this week, or this month. Next is optimal entry. This is where we identify the precise moment when a stock offers the highest reward potential.

And the last is profit, excuse me, profit maximum. This is a two step process for holding onto trades longer and squeezing out an extra 10% per winner, especially when order flow is stacked across the market sectors, groups and, and individual, um, and individual stocks. This four step process literally puts you in the passenger seat so you can ride along with the, uh, with the institutions. Do you see how, in this example, this example is right, is what is it doing? It's peeling back the, the, it's pulling back the curtain and it's explaining, it's beginning to explain to you how the mechanism of institutional shadowing works.

It's getting into the, the technical aspect, if you will, of institutional shadowing. Now, I want you to understand something before I show you the other example. What I want you to think about is the people that are seeing this in, in to, to, to get full context, the people that are seeing this are interested in experiencing more wins, stock trading wins in their portfolio. They're interested in more trade wins, making more money from their, their trades. And ultimately they're looking for a hack, a trick, some insider piece of knowledge, some new opportunity that you know, that they can jump on that was normally reserved for Wall Street Elite, that now they can get in on, right?

Riding the back of major hedge fund man, hedge fund managers when they normally would never get access to that information, right? Ultimately to get the, to get winning trades. And so here we're now, right, we're taking the focus off of that and we're putting the focus on, on the inner workings of the unique mechanism. We're now explaining how the unique mechanism works, or really what I should say is, is, and this is interesting, is that is over here. He is the, the, the, the, the copywriter is really trying to give justifications, trying to educate on how the unique mechanism works to try to prove that there's something different here.

But in the process, they've taken the emphasis off, right? All of these, all of these lines, right? The key, the keystone method is built on four coming. First component is order flow stacking. That's not about the prospect.

This is simply understanding where the market movers are investing. This is not about the prospect. This is about the, this, this first component. Second component is this. This isn't about the prospect.

This is where we check to see if order flow is still valid, not about the prospect, not a benefit, not a payoff, not a result, not an opportunity. Nothing, nothing like that. All of these things are about the mechanism. Now, I wanna show you something else. I wanna show you a campaign, not that this.

Now forget the headline and forget the, just ignore this for for one second. What I ultimately want you to understand from this, right? Is that, and, and this is going to drive home that whole point of right, of really not getting into too much technical jargon. In fact, avoiding technical jargon and keep keeping this focused on what this means for the prospect. The opportunity for the prospect proving the opportunity for the prospect, proving that the unique mechanism can give them ultimately what they want.

This is this idea that, right, there's this, this next stage of ai, and, um, this next stage of AI is gonna create lots of new millionaires, billionaires, uh, and it's a very brief window for you to get in on this. And if you know how to get in on this, you could make a small fortune. Now, the thing that I want you to see here is that, and we're not, this is a lot of copy in here, and it looks like a lot more copy because every line is, you know, is it's the, the way that it's spaced and 'cause the image is in here, but there is a lot of copy in here. What I want you to see is that the very first thing that they do, this little tease, right? I've never done this before.

I'm about to show I'm, I'm about to show three wealth building strategies. Take advantage of this brief wealth window, and before it slams shut on January 9th, it's being created by the biggest wealth building opportunity in the us the new next generation of artificial intelligence, right? Ultimately, this is giving you like a little, a little tease for why you should be interested in this. And then the majority of this going forward now is all about selling people on the opportunity of AI 2.0. Okay?

And what you, what you can see in here, there is zero jargon. There is zero insider language, there is very, very little vocabulary that is financial vocabulary in here. This is just painting this picture of, of, uh, of the fact that AI is already exploding and is about to really, um, really explode. And he goes through, you know, like he goes through how big this is, he goes through how this could be bigger than Apple and, and Amazon and blah, blah, blah. And he weaves in, in, in here.

He weaves in this part, uh, his credibility, the fact that, uh, and, and then he expands on the credibility later. The fact that he's made predictions, market predictions that came, uh, that came to fruition in the past multiple times, that he's managed a large hedge fund that he's been an investor for, blah, blah, blah, you know, X number of years. And then he gives, he gives a whole argument for this coming AI 2.0 boom. And if you read this and you look over this, this is easy to understand language. There is no jargon, there is no insider information.

Like there is none of that. He's using words and terms and phrases that almost anybody can understand. Yes, he uses, you know, he'll talk about the economy, he'll talk about, um, uh, you know, trading. He'll talk about, uh, he'll mention stocks, right? But he's not getting, he's using just the vocabulary of the market.

But what he's not doing is he's not pulling back the curtain behind the scenes, um, and giving you, uh, and giving you the inner workings of how he picks AI stocks. Ultimately, what he does is he sells you on this coming AI 2.0, boom, he explains, right? It's, it's ultra, ultra limited. He, he explains how and why it's gonna be a huge thing. He gives support in terms of quotes from credible people in the marketplace.

Um, he gives evidence of like, look, it took Netflix, you know, three and a half years to reach 1 million users Twitter, two years to reach the same amount, right? Um, Facebook was a bit faster, but, you know, um, chat GPT hit 1 million in five days, right? And what is he doing? He's, he's lending support to this idea that AI is on a different level and that people are enamored with ai ultimately con playing, you know, uh, presenting a, uh, an argument for why AI 2.0 is going to be, um, is gonna be big. They're closing in on a billion monthly users.

The market's finally taking notice. 2020 271 million was invested in ai. Two, two years later, the number increased by a thousand percent. 2022 investors pumped 2.56 billion into ai. All he is doing, what all he is doing is just selling you on the idea that AI is, is going to be, um, is gonna be huge.

AI is still in its earliest days, according to the US Census Bureau last year, only 4% of the companies reported using any kind of ai. And that's the best news I have for you as of right now as you're reading this today, you're still ahead of the biggest investment opportunity in American history, right? Getting into all this and, right, of course, the research demonstrates specificity in, right, all these numbers, right? Like give credibility to the, um, the message. But all these numbers are part of the marketing argument that is here to just sell the prospect on ai, uh, uh, 2.0.

And he talks about building, you know, creating monster fortunes. What kind of wealth? You, you'd never have to think about money again. You'll live comfortably and independently forever. You ensure the long-term security of your children, your close friends, your heirs.

Imagine how grateful they'd be. Consider another top. Now he continues. So, right? He's, what does he do?

He gives, he, he gives, uh, an education based argument. And this is the point that I want you to understand. I want you to grasp this. This is another point that I want you to get that ties in with what it is that I said earlier. When I said earlier, right?

I said that most people associate educating, most people, most marketers associate associate educating with teaching people how to do something, right? They always feel like in order, in order to educate, in order to really give value, I have to educate them on how to do something. I have to give them something that they can take action on. And right? And that's not true because you can educate people on, for example, what not to do, right?

And that's still enormously valuable. You can educate them on, on some news item. Like, look, if somebody, uh, um, months ago when somebody started educating the, the market, uh, when an individual first started educating the market on the fact that there was gonna be a change to Google's deliverability, Gmail's deliverability, and how the kind of the rules of deliverability with Gmail were changing and evolving, right? What was he, what was he doing? He was educating, he was educating folks on a change, a coming change in the marketplace.

He was educating folks on, on, on the fact that email deliverability with Gmail was about to change. He didn't have to get into what to do to fix that, right? In order for his education to be valuable, it was still valuable that he was opening our eyes to the fact that, uh, that things were gonna change, right? And he, it, he certainly could have given even more value by telling us what to do, right? With that.

But the point is that him informing us of this change was still valuable and it was still education. And so the same thing here is that, right? Is that it doesn't have to be how to information to be, to be considered educational. You could be informing somebody, you could be explaining to somebody, you could be educating somebody on why something works. You could introduce them to something new and educate them on why it works and that it does work, right?

And that's enormously valuable. Even if you left them to now go do additional research on their own to figure out how to use it, you still did them, um, a tremendous favor, right? There are a lot of times when I go to social gatherings with, you know, and marketers are there, whether it's at, you know, rich Efron and we're watching UFC with, you know, Mike FilAm and Benson and all these, all, all these guys, right? And people are like, have you heard about X, Y, Z? Like, rich informs me all the time about new things, but he doesn't get into the how to implement it and use it.

'cause often he doesn't, he doesn't even know, right? But he's educating me on something new to look into, and I leave and I'm like, that was wildly valuable. I would never have even known about that. That wouldn't have even been on my radar, right? That's amazing.

I should get somebody to look into that and learn it and execute and, and blah, blah, blah. And so the point is, is that introducing something new to somebody and showing them, demonstrating to them, educating them on why it works is still valuable and is considered education. The key here is that we're always tying it back to what it means for the the prospect, right? And so you could see, even when he is giving the argument for this thing could be bigger than Apple, this thing could be bigger than Amazon. Imagine if you put in a $144 steak into Amazon at the start, what would that be worth today?

Almost a quarter million dollars, right? This is gonna be gigantic. What kind of wealth? Well, you'd never have to think about money again. Your kids would be taken care of, right?

You'd live comfortably and independently forever, right? And there's more, let me give you another example. And then he goes back into more proof with the, there's another one, Tesla, and all of this guys is just to, right? Is is explaining to you why this AI is going to be big. Not the technical stuff, not the technical aspect of trading.

He's not talking about the volume of traders, he's not talking about the volume of options. He's not like, he's not getting into any of that. None of this is, is complex. None of this requires experience in the financial market to understand what is being said here and the thing, right? So he goes through all this, and what I wanna show you is then he goes into, you know, like what you need to be aware of, why, you know, there are a lot of charlatans out there in the AI world and how, you know, there's a lot of startups that are gonna fail, uh, right?

Investing in today's early AI programs could be a financial disaster. What is he doing right? Ultimately, what is he doing? He just, he just convinced everybody, he just convinced us that AI 2.0 is a huge financial opportunity and that it's early right now, and that it's gonna be bigger than anything we've seen in our lifetime. Now, he needs to put doubt in the prospect's mind that they can do it on their own right?

Now, he needs to, to say to them, like, it's not a matter of just going out and finding AI stocks and, uh, and, and, and whatnot and investing in them because you could blow up your portfolio. There are some major issues that you need to be aware of. And ultimately, right? He's just making you aware of the fact that you can blow up your portfolio because there's a lot of startups that fail. There's a lot of startups that are going to fail in the AI space.

And so all he is doing right is he's, he's, he's basically taking away, he's doing the best he can to, to give you, to, to take away from you the confidence that you can go out and find these AI stocks on your own. Why? So that you need his guidance, his service, right? His insight. That's all he is doing here.

That's why he's doing this from a strategic perspective, right? Because if he didn't do that and he just sold you on AI 2.0, you could now, right? You, you could say to yourself, oh, cool man, I'm just gonna make a list of top AI companies and go out and invest in them. And he said, right? Many investors, many investors, even the experts will lose money.

That's the paradox. It's gonna transform the world economy. Um, and, um, and savvy investors should make easy money on ai. But despite that, right? There's a lot of blunders that, um, that you can, uh, you can make, and this is the thing that I wanna show you.

He then goes into, uh, these are still the, the, the, they were blunders. And then he goes into, you can follow my blueprint. And basically what he does is, right, you can follow my blueprint. Now, here's the thing. Number one is ultimately right, there are three bonuses or three premiums that he includes in here in this offer, okay?

One is his AI 2.0 portfolio, the 10 stocks that he, that he, that, um, that he's picked based on his research and analysis that you should go with. And I think like how to, how to get in on AI stocks, uh, with little bit of money and something like, uh, how to get in on buyouts, like AI buy, you know, buyouts in, in, in ai, like quick money or something like that. And so he's referring to this as his, as his blueprint. Here's the thing. Not once, not once does he explain what that blueprint is, meaning how did he pick the stocks?

What was the methodology that he used? Did he look at six different charts? Did he look at these financials? Did he look at this? Did he look at this?

We take into account tape reading, we take into account order flow. We do this, we analyze this. We nothing nada. Not one, not one, not one. And so this whole thing is focused on right when he gets into his, and I'll pop this into Slack for you guys after, so that you can read this and see how simple the copy is.

Um, you can see it feels like a lot of copy just with the way that it's, it's spaced in, like I said, it is, you know, this is 45 pages with images and whatnot, right? Uh, all 10 takes Does he, go ahead. Does he put any focus on why his process is different? No. No.

What he does do, and, and this is where the nuance comes in, okay? It's a great question, Michael. I love the way that you're, you're thinking, right? What he does do, which he can do, alterer, um, what the copywriter does do in here is really leverages his extraordinary track record of making money, of being, of being accurate in his predictions. And so really, you could make the argument that what makes his so different is that it's based on his amazing track record, his genius, um, like that he knows he's got something that others don't like.

Somewhere in here, let me just, let me show you this real quick. I told you that he weaved in credibility, um, you know, towards the beginning, but then he, there's one section in here right here. Uh, but in the investment world, I'm known for one thing more than any other, making bold predictions about technology that come true and often doing it years before the mainstream experts. For example, I predicted the rise of video streaming services, correct? Predicted how the internet would change the world, correct?

I went on TV to say Facebook would be a hundred billion people laughed at me, but I was right, correct? I predicted the stock market had bottomed and announced it was time to buy, correct? I predicted the success of Bitcoin when it traded at just one 14, correct? I predicted the growth of virtual reality, correct? And there are many more, right?

And so between him early on, talking about his background and talking about right, like that, right? This is a guy that, like, you, you could almost make the case that what separates him from everybody else. Others may have, let's say, an algorithm. Others may use 21 different charts. Others may use, you know, a, a, a mathematical formula that they developed.

This guy has a knack for making predictions that come to re um, that come to, uh, happen, that come to occur. And so that's the big differentiation, and he can get away with that because of his track record. And so when a track record like that doesn't exist, then you need something else. See how this, you've heard me say Michael before that, right? That, that it's not black and white marketing, that there are gray areas that you can't sit.

Well, you know, well, I thought, Todd, you always said you need to differentiate the unique mechanism and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Well, when you've got an extraordinary track record and you've made these kind of predictions, right? Well, that the fact that you've made those predictions is what differentiates you and your, what you do, your blueprint from everybody else's, right? Like you could say like, look, you could go with another AI expert who's got some algorithm's, got some formulas, got some process, and who tells you about their process and formula. But here's the reality.

The reality is that I've made 24 predictions in the tech market over the last six years that have all come to happen. And I made those predictions when all the other experts thought that I was crazy years in advance, and everybody thought I was gonna be wrong. But the fact is, I've nailed this 24 times. This will be the 25th. Like, wow, that's, you know, like that's pretty, a pretty significant, um, differentiator.

The point that I was making, right? That I was the, the ma the major point is he never gets into what the, the nitty gritty of the, the blueprint. Nowhere, like nowhere, um, does he get into how he does it or what he uses or the, the how it works. He could, right? Like he could, he obviously has a method, he has a process, he has to, right?

He's not willy-nilly, he's not throwing a dart at the wall and picking these things, but he doesn't get into that complexity. And I really feel like that is an important distinction for you guys to really understand that too much of that how to makes the copy complex. It almost lets the pedal off the gas in the prospect's heart, in the prospect's mind, right? Because they ultimately really don't care about that. They wanna see that this is different, right?

That there's something different about this. But ultimately they wanna see that something is different about this, that it works, that it will produce the result that's ultimately what they, what they want. And so I really think it's important to, this is again, that that fine balance of, you know, of, of educating, but in a way where we are leveraging persuasion. We're never, like, this is why I've always said it's education based marketing, it's still marketing, it's just education based. It's not education, it's education based marketing, meaning we're always leading them somewhere.

We're always getting them to believe something and, right? And I wanna do that in as simple language and simple explanation as I possibly can. And to do that, you keep your focus on the fact that this works and you give just enough education about why it works, then, uh, uh, just enough information to to, to establish that and no more. It's not my job to educate them. I don't need to educate them on the nitty gritty details of how it works.

You don't need to do that. In fact, what I will say is that it's not just that you don't need to do that. You run the risk of scaring people off because you run the risk of overwhelming them. You run the risk of saying something that they don't understand. You run the risk of losing them.

You like, where they can't follow what it is that you're saying. You run the risk of them thinking they're not prepared for this. You run the risk of them thinking this is gonna be too hard, right? And so that's not, that's, that's not our job. Our job is to prove that we've got something that can work for them, period.

Like, right? Period. And if I could do that with zero explanation of how it works, then that's great. I'm gonna do that, right? So in other words, the, the, the, the the final point that I wanna make with this is that I am always, and this is, this is worth pondering I use anytime I will explain, let's say a little bit of how it works.

Like let's take the big idea, and I might say the reason why this works, and even there, even that language is, is interesting. But you know, the big idea, the reason why it works, is because, um, because it presents, you know, something new, different contrarian to what others are, are saying in a way that's compliant with the platforms, but extremely compelling and sexy to the, to the marketplace. Um, right? Like, you know, I'm using that as a tool that is still marketing to me. I didn't switch off my marketing mind and now I'm going into education.

I'm still, I'm saying it because I believe that it is moving the prospect one step closer to seeing this as the right solution. See, so I'm never, you know, I don't know the best way to articulate this, but I'm never switching off my marketing mind and now being like, all right, I gotta educate this person because I'm supposed to have education based marketing because I want a valuable campaign. And so therefore I, I go and I never do, it's all marketing to me, it's all marketing. It's just that I'm educating them, but I'm educating them on something new and why it works for them and why they should be thrilled and why this is an unbelievable moment for them. Like to ju and they, and why they should jump at this.

It's always a tool, it's always a tool of persuasion. It's always a tool for me to move them closer to wanting what it is that I have. And so, does that make sense? Yeah, absolutely. Any questions?

Any questions or anything that you guys would add to, to kind of put a bow on this? I love how the, um, when you focus on the, the why this is a huge opportunity and why you need to be a part of it, and you're like, you're not going into the how it automatically comes back to the, to the prospect versus when it's the how it's getting into the, like the tech things. Like you said, they don't care about it. Like it moves away from the prospect when you start explaining the thing in too much detail that they get bored and they, you know, they check out versus when you're focusing on the why, it's, it's always, it's nearly all automatically always brought back to them. So Yeah, well said, well said.

I, I also think you could look at, you know, like, look, it, you know, there's a lot of why questions that we, we need to answer even, you know, the credibility stuff in here, his track record, his ability to predict answers the question of why should I listen to you on this, right? Like, why should I listen to you be because of my track record, because of my ability to predict, because I've been ahead of these things for years because I'm known as the, as the guy, right? Why ai, you know, why AI 2.0, that's the bulk of this argument. That's the bulk of this, of this long sales letter, is that AI 2.0 is gonna be huge. It's gonna create millionaires.

It's right. And he's, this is an argument, this isn't right. He's not, he's not just saying it, right? Like he, again, this is an argument I don't care for, for the people that don't understand the whole concept of a marketing argument, this is a marketing argument. He, he is a he, right?

What did he do? The very beginning? He made a claim, right? He made a claim. New AI 2.0 will open a brief wealth window, uh, for regular Americans to get in on the, you know, gazillion dollar AI boom, right?

Like, um, if you missed out on crypto AI 2.0 will be 10 times bigger. Some Americans will change their fortunes, uh, forever, uh, with Altru three wealth building strategy. See below, right? He ultimately, this is a claim right here. New AI 2.0 will open a brief wealth window for regular Americans to get in on the gazillion dollar a AI boom.

Now, what does he do? He presents an argument to support that. You could say, this is his thesis that AI 2.0 is gonna be huge. There's a brief window for you to get in on it. If you get in on it, you know what you're doing.

You can make a freaking fortune. Now what's he gonna do? He's going to prove that thesis to you. That's what he's gonna do. He's gonna prove it.

And that's what he does here. Of course, in a marketing context, part of proving that is laying on the benefits is right? Like it's, we're not just presenting an argument for AI 2.0, it's not like we're up, you know, giving a lecture and we're trying to convince people that AI 2.0 is gonna be big. If that's what we were doing, it would be absent of all benefits. We wouldn't talking about, we wouldn't be talking about how you can live the life of your dreams and secure your children's future and, and all of that.

We wouldn't be talking about any of that. We would just be presenting all of the facts about the facts and proof about AI 2.0. But because this is a marketing argument, right? This is constantly being brought back to what it means for the prospect. It's opening with what it means to the prospect, and then it's presenting some, you know, proof and, and, uh, you know, making additional claims proof, and then weaving in more benefits, and then presenting more claims, more proof, more benefits.

And he's doing it the whole way through until he leads you to the point where he believes he has made a rock solid, airtight logical and emotional argument for, for AI 2.0. And then he transitions into you getting his ai, um, 2.0 portfolio, his ai, you know, report on how to get in with 144 bucks or whatever it is, right? Then he transitions in after he proves the case for AI 2.0 and proves why he's the guy that you should listen to as it relates to this. It's only then that he transitions into, um, his, um, his offer with simple, easy to understand language. You read this, right?

And you'll see there is not a single line in here that the average individual could not understand. So, right? No, no risk of overwhelming, no risk of creating, um, doubt, no risk of thinking. This is beyond me. No risk of thinking, right?

Like, I'm gonna get into something that I can't handle, that I can't do. No risk of intimidating the, the, the prospect. None of that. Why? Because he stayed high on the why instead of getting into the how.

Make sense? Absolutely. All right, good. That's all she wrote for today, boys. Go ahead and think about it.

Keep your eye out. I'll post this in, um, in Slack for you guys to, to read over, enjoy. And any comments you have, let me know. Thanks Todd. Alright, you got it Gu.
