---
title: "cc_2023-11-07"
date: 2023-11-07
duration: 1h 6m
duration_seconds: 4010
vimeo_id: 882226056
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-11-07

**Date:** 2023-11-07 | **Duration:** 1h 6m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Okay, so what we're gonna do today is we're gonna cover my takeaways from the copy legends, lock-in. So there was obviously a tremendous amount of stuff shared from high level strategies to nitty gritty tactics, uh, really, and everything in between. Obviously we were together with these 19 copy legends for, you know, eight plus hours. And so, uh, you know, the, a tremendous amount of stuff covered. What I really want to share here is are, are the things that I really noted that I think are, um, worthy of really pondering.

So there's obviously a ton of tactical stuff, nitty gritty kind of detail stuff. I think I shared one or two of those, um, in here. But I really want to cover the things that I think are worthy of really pondering and really thinking about things that can ultimately be game changers when it comes to crafting copy, um, if you really consider these things. And so I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna share my screen over here, and then we're going to, um, rock and roll. So gimme a thumbs up if you can see my screen.

Okay, perfect. And so, um, like I said, I have a lot to cover. And so we're gonna cruise through this at, um, at lightning pace. The first one, and I, I don't think that these are in any particular order. Uh, and so this is not, you know, the first one isn't more important than the third one or anything like that.

I'm going to point out, point the one or two that I think are the absolute most valuable for you to really ponder and, um, and think about. But like I said, these are not in any particular order of priority. So the first one is something that we talked a little bit about last week. Um, and that come, it came out of the research session, the very first session of the copy Legends lock in. And this was shared by Peter Kelt, the guy who has the, the top VSLs online right now, the guy behind, um, Mindvalley.

And when we were talking about research, while everybody else was kind of sharing their process and their flow for, uh, understanding prospects, understanding the marketplace, understanding psychology, their desires, their wants, their fears, their um, their thoughts and whatnot. What Peter said was that he really, he immediately goes to the spy tools. He looks for the top players or the top campaigns in the space. And then based on those top campaigns, he is learning what he needs to say to the market to convert them, right? And so we talked about that last week, how I really view this as a phenomenal shortcut.

You could make the argument that, that what Peter is really ultimately doing is he's cutting out the necessity of him having to learn about the market and learn what the, what makes the market tick by going to the market. And instead, what what he's doing is he's looking at the winning campaigns, and he is learning from the winning campaigns what they're saying, what they're presenting, how they're framing it, how they're positioning it to understand what is working. So he's looking at what is producing the winners, and then he is reverse engineering those winners to understand what he needs to do in his copy. And he talked about a few things, but the three kind of pri primary things that he talked about of what he looks at when he is using those spy tools and when he's reverse engineering the, um, the big winners is the very first thing that he, he, he's, he talked about was looking at the primary promise, right? Really understanding the, the promise being made in these winning campaigns to really ultimately know what it is that the market wants in terms of a transformation result outcome.

He's then, of course, looking at the idea, right? The whole, you know, the, the big marketing idea behind the campaigns to learn more about what ideas resonate with the market. And then of course, he's looking at the unique mechanism in this context. He's looking at the unique mechanism, not to knock it off, but ultimately to know what it is that he, um, that he can't do in his own campaign if he wants to have a unique mechanism, right? And all three of these we've talked about before on prior training calls, um, outside the context of the copy legends, lock-in.

But, uh, uh, it was really just, for me, it was really a great insight to see how Peter is just going right to the spy tools, identifying the top campaigns, looking at those top campaigns, looking for trends, using what it is that they're doing, saying, showing, presenting, framing, and so on in order to inform his own copy. Next, with something that was shared by, uh, Dan Ferrari. Dan is a tremendous copywriter from the, um, from the financial publishing space, kind of was, you know, had a meteoric rise in the world of copy. And when we were talking about big idea development, Dan presented his approach and his approach to big idea development is what he called in or out. And what he explained was that he is either, he's either developing the big idea or, or kind of getting the seeds of a big idea from within, from meaning going in.

And by going in, he means like going in, looking at the product, is there a unique ingredient in the product, if you will? Is there a unique algorithm in the product? Is there something special in the way the product was developed in the founder's story? Or the expert story, right? Going in to, to see if there is the potential for a big idea versus going out would be looking at, um, uh, things that are occurring in the marketplace, changes evolutions, things that are going on in the news in the world, um, and potentially seeing something there that he could then use for a big idea.

And so I just found the, you know, I, I found it interesting to hear somebody kind of categorize these two and, and really almost, uh, make it a process, if you will. Like, let me start within, is there something within, is there something within the product itself? Is there something within the expert behind the product, the editor, the the publisher, the creator, the founder, whatever? Is there something internally that we could use? Or is there something externally that we're gonna use?

Now, the, the, the interesting thing, without going too, too deep in here, 'cause again, there's so much that I wanna share, uh, but Dan went on to explain, when I, I asked Dan, I said, how do you then ultimately decide whether you're going to go in or out when it comes to the big marketing idea? Let's say you see seeds of a potential big marketing idea in, and you see seeds of a potential big marketing idea out how do you ultimately make the decision of which one to go with? And I found Dan's answer, um, interesting in that what he said was, while everybody expects some sort of scientific answer from, you know, 19 of the best copywriters on the planet, what Dan said was that it's really kind of a finger in the wind that what he, he, it, it's, he ultimately is kind of making a choice between the in or out. I don't wanna say a guess, but he's, he's making a choice between one or the other. But the thing is, is that he is writing his copy in a way where he can very easily take out the in idea and lead and plug in the, the out big idea and lead meaning that he, he, he's, he's writing his copy in a way where he could move pieces out, move pieces in where he could move pieces around.

So he's ultimately setting himself up to win the game, regardless of whether his first choice is right. And, and I think that, you know, there's an important lesson in that, that, um, where you're not creating an entire campaign that can only be used with one type of big idea, one type of hook, if you will, but you're creating your campaigns, you're writing your copy in a way where you can, you can relea the campaign, if you will, where you can change the lead from in to out, you know, from something internal to something external, um, without it impacting 80% of the copy that's written. So, you know, Dan talked about writing your copy in a way where you rig the game so that you don't have to know for sure whether you're choosing the best idea. You let the data tell you what's going on with the idea, and then you can plug in the other one and, and, um, and just go with the winner. And so, in or out, when choosing the, um, the big idea, just thought that that was interesting.

Next is a very tactical little thing that I just found insightful. And one of the things that was talked about was using a single thank you page question, that question being what almost made you not buy like, right, what, what in the copy, if you will, almost made you decide not to buy. So this is on the thank you page. So this is, you're now talking to people that are buyers that chose to go ahead with their, their purchase. And what, um, this really came from Donnie French.

Donnie runs the marketing for one of the biggest golf education companies on the planet. I believe over the last 12 months, they've invested 60 million in media buying. Um, and so you can tell the size of the, um, of the company, really interesting, great company, company that I consulted with very early on. I've watched them just grow enormously. And what Donny shared was that the answer to this one question, uh, the answer to this question, really allows him to go back and continually optimize and tweak the, um, the front end copy, right?

And so, right, what almost made you not buy. And so, very simple question that, and this was echoed by a couple of copy legends, uh, that also use this question as part of their kind of, you know, their customer follow up in, like I said, thank the thank you page, what almost made you not buy, and then using the answers to that to inform the optimization, the tweaks that you make to, um, to front end copy. The funny thing, without going too deep in here, I don't wanna spend a whole lot of time on this. I, I believe the, the copy legend spent about 15, 20 minutes talking about this one thing. Uh, but was that the, the interesting part of this was that a lot of the answers didn't have to do with specific copy elements.

In other words, what I, what I mean by that is that it is possible that you could have a rock solid argument in your, in your front end campaign, that you can have all the proof, that you can have, all the benefits, that you can have all those things, but you may be doing other things in the copy that annoy, uh, your prospects and ultimately lead them to the point where they almost don't wanna buy, right? It, it could be that you're, you're going on and on and on and on and on covering an excessive amount of potential objections. And people were pre-sold earlier, and so they were ready to abandon the page because they were tired of hearing you cover all of these objections. It could be, one of the things that was mentioned was the idea of excessive teasing, like teasing too much the one secret, the simple, the simple secret to X. And constantly teasing that over and over and over again.

And when in, in that particular example, when they got that answer a number of times in the what almost made you not buy, and they went back and they cut out, uh, a chunk of that teasing throughout the thing and did less teasing, they actually saw a bump in conversions. And so sometimes it's not that you're missing something, it's that you could be doing just something that's annoying the prospect and is potentially leading folks to bail, uh, for whatever reason. And so I thought that that was really, um, insightful. Next is, uh, this is also very, very tactical and so simple, but it, it's worth mentioning, this was shared by Justin Goff. So Justin is, you know, bonafide direct marketing wizard.

I believe he built four multi-million dollar businesses, exited two of them for multi-million dollar paydays. He's one of the top email copywriters. Uh, I mean, he, he works a couple hours, uh, a day and, uh, and runs these few day promos and make somewhere between 30 and 90,000 a promo. And so, and what he said was, this came up when a couple of the copy legends were talking about the use of surveys as a research tool, and there were a number of different types of surveys that people used, you know, and of course, you know, what came up was conversations with prospects, conversations with customers. Uh, somebody brought up the tactic of using SMS texting, uh, because it's more of a natural environment when communicating with, uh, or getting feedback from customers and prospects and whatnot.

But what Justin said was that he had learned something from, uh, Brian Kurtz, who was formerly the, the, the head honcho over at, uh, boardroom, boardroom reports, another monster direct response company, is that basically what Justin, this kind of, which of these would you buy simple survey is, uh, Justin would send out, you know, uh, uh, an email, uh, ask folks, which of these, uh, products would you buy, uh, lists five or six of them, and next to each one, yes or no. And what Justin said was that there is a, for him, there is a direct correlation between the responses on this survey and the promotions that do the best for him. So for Justin, he's found that this simple survey, right, and this came up because some of the, uh, uh, part of the discussion was how do you analyze the responses that you get back from surveys and so on, right? And I've never been a huge fan of complex surveys. I feel like when people respond to surveys, they're, they, they know that their responses are being analyzed and used.

And so there is additional thought that goes into it, uh, and whatnot. But what Justin was saying is that he cuts out all the complexity. He runs a simple, which of these would you buy? He's got five or six ideas, right? He lists the hooks for the, um, for those five or six products, yes or no.

And he's found that there is a direct correlation between the winner of that, that simple survey and the results that he sees from promotions when he hasn't used, when he's gone against the survey responses, the promo hasn't done nearly as well when he uses the survey responses, right? When he looks at, which is the winner and he runs it, he does that much better. And so I thought that that was really, um, interesting. This is something that we've, we, we've talked about in the past. We talked a little bit about this last week.

Um, this is one of the most valuable. I mentioned earlier at the very start that there are two biggies in here that I think if you, you know, these two biggies alone, if you really process this and understand these, this can be a massive game changer when it comes to your copy to promotions and so on. And that is what was talked about and was talked about pretty extensively by the copy legends, was the value of identifying a new root cause to the market's problem, and then making the unique mechanism, the extension, the solution that solves that, um, new root cause. So I wanna point out a little nuance here. So this is a bit different from what we've, you know, what we've talked about over the last, you know, couple of years in that we often talk about, um, you know, taking the current problem that the prospect has and then rolling out a new solution, a unique mechanism to that problem.

Well, the copy legends brought it to another level. They're not only rolling out unique mechanisms, but they are rolling out, if you will, or, or, or, or identifying in their copy a new problem, a new root cause They are identifying their, so in essence, they're educating people on two things in their campaigns. They're educating prospects on the new real root cause of their problem, which is different from the problem that they believe they have going into the campaign. And then they're educating on why the unique mechanism is the perfect solution for that new root cause. And they spent a significant amount of time explaining why and how the more time they invest in the diagnostic side, diagnosing the real root cause problem, the easier it is to educate on the value of the unique mechanism.

So they've almost shifted the bulk of their education to the diagnosis of the new root cause, and now they spend less time educating on the, um, on the unique mechanism, right? So, and, and if you really spend time thinking about it, it makes sense, right? If you are not identifying a new root cause and you're just promising to solve the problem that everybody else is also promising to, um, to solve, now we have to educate on what makes the unique mechanism that much more superior to everything else, that right, that much better, whether faster, easier, you know, more reliable, et cetera. But when you're able to, in the copy diagnose and demonstrate a new root cause, uh, right, you're, you're able to identify the real problem, the problem that the other products aren't solving, and you're able to then say that this mechanism solves that new root problem. You've already changed the frame of the, uh, of the unique mechanism.

In other words, right off the bat, if this mechanism solves the new root cause problem, and this new root cause problem is not being addressed by all the other mechanisms out there, by nature, the unique mechanism is now superior to the others because it's the only mechanism that solves the root cause. And so hopefully that makes, that makes sense. I found that just wildly insightful and wildly valuable to see the quantity of copy legends that are taking this approach, right? And this, this approach isn't necessarily new. This is something that Rich Sherin did many, many, many, many years ago when he first launched onto the scene, uh, with the internet business manifesto, we've talked about that before, how in the internet, and, and it's worth Googling internet business manifesto, rich Scheffer, PDF, and reading it.

And you'll see how rich changes the, the frame in there from, you think your problem is overwhelmed, you think your problem is figuring out how to get all this done, but that's not the real problem. The real problem is that you're thinking like an opportunity seeker instead of a strategic entrepreneur. And only when you operate like a strategic entrepreneur will you then be successful. And here's how unique mechanism, if you will, you can operate like a strategic entrepreneur. And so, right, this is not new.

It is, it's super savvy. Um, and it's definitely a bit more sophisticated than the standard unique mechanism approach. But to me, it was just fascinating to see the volume of copy legends that all kind of are, are using this approach, identifying new root cause and then the unique mechanism becomes the extension of that, the solution to that new root cause. So you're ultimately introducing prospects to two new things, the new problem and the new mechanism really valuable if you get that. And so, does that make sense, guys?

Thumbs up? Yes. Yeah, yeah. Alright, great. Next one is also to me, this was just, this is a phenomenal tip.

This came from Tony Flores. Tony Flores is, uh, arguably, excuse me, one of Clayton make pieces', most successful proteges, make Clayton rest in peace. Um, Clayton was obviously one of the top copywriters in the entire direct response world. Um, and Tony Flores, uh, was not only his protege, uh, but Tony wrote, created, you could say co-created, but did the bulk of the work creating all of Clayton's copy courses. So all of Clayton's most popular copywriting trainings was really ultimately created, uh, certainly spearheaded, um, by Tony.

And Tony has cranked out some multimillion dollar VSLs in under a week. And so he is a beast. And ultimately what he said was that the more sophisticated the market, the more diagnostic the copy needs to be. This was an amazing, amazing eye-opening conversation, I think certainly for me, but I would say for everybody in the room. And what was really interesting was that, so, you know, Tony does some consulting for Donnie French, who, like I said, runs the marketing for the biggest golf education company on the, um, on the planet.

And so when Tony said, right, the more sophisticated the market, the more diagnostic the copy needs to be. What Tony meant by that, which he explained and went in, in depth into what he meant by that was that the more you have to, the more time has to be spent on identifying that root cause. What Tony said was that you really, ultimately, in sophisticated markets, you wanna think as if you are the doctor of the marketplace and you're helping folks to better identify the real root cause of what's going on. You know what, what came up was like, look, right, I told you, you know, we were there together for eight plus hours. And so there was a ton, you know, you know, some offhand comments or some, you know, gems.

So, uh, I wanna be careful here that I don't go down a rabbit hole, but this conversation came up that, uh, rich Efrin talked about. Obviously, you know, when people are still in the market for a solution to a problem, it's usually an indication that they still have the problem, right? That the problem still exists and they haven't solved the problem. And yet, in most markets, people have purchased other products and, and services, right? They've, they've invested money, right?

It's, you know, in most markets, people, buyers have bought something before and just didn't get the result that they are after. So you're talking about people that have a problem, and they're, they're not a blank canvas. They've, uh, they've been promised things before, they've seen solutions presented before. And so now you're coming along use, now to go back to what Tony was saying, and you're the doctor and you're ultimately kind of, you're, you are operating as if, um, let me see something here. I just wanna make sure, hang on one, hang on one second.

Nope. Okay. My, it looks like my, uh, my headphones died. Uh, there we go. Okay.

Whoops. Lemme go back. Uh, what Tony was ultimately saying here was, right, that it's now, you know, in these sophisticated markets, you want to be the doctor that helps to diagnose why they failed before, why, right? Why they're still dealing with the problem. And ultimately that diagnosis is the identification and education on the new root cause.

And so when he's saying that the more sophisticated the market, the more diagnostic the copy needs to be, he's ultimately saying that a larger percentage of the copy needs to be focused on educating on the new root cause, right? That educating on the new root cause. And so that is a huge, a huge takeaway. The more sophisticated the market, the more diagnostic the copy needs to be. And what was really interesting and what should really demonstrate this, this, this point was, so I chimed in and I asked Donnie, uh, who's in the golf space?

I said, so let's take the, you know, the legendary John Carlton one-legged golfer, um, you know, uh, um, hook, if you will, the one-legged, I forget the the exact headline, but I'm, I'm sure everybody is familiar with the whole one-legged golfer. And I, right? That's a legendary campaign that absolutely crushed and made a whole bunch of money for, you know, for John and John's client and so on. And I said, would that, would that campaign flop today? And the answer was an emphatic yes.

And so there are two, two lessons there. There are two lessons here, right? One lesson is certainly that big ideas, hooks, angles, all have a lifespan, right? Which I think is another slide. They all have a lifespan.

Well, just because something worked six months ago doesn't mean it's gonna work today. Just because something was a home run a year ago doesn't mean that it's gonna be a home run today. Not only does it just because something was a home run a year ago doesn't even mean that it'll work at all today, right? And that's a prime example of, right? And, and so I said, when he said no, right, that it would flop, I said, why?

And the answer was because the sophistication of the market, right? And so you need to understand that as the market becomes more sophisticated and is exposed to more and more marketing and sales messages, what is going to resonate? What's going to persuade, what's going to move, what's ultimately going to convince them is a different type of copy. It's not only a different hook and angle, but is a different type of copy, is more diagnostic. And so, to me, one of the most valuable discussions that we had in all of the copy legends, lockin next was something that was brought up by, um, Kim Schwam, another, a-list copywriter, somebody who's had controls, you know, control campaigns, um, in, um, like the alternative health space, you know, worked with some of the biggest companies in the alternative health space out there.

And this is very simple, and she talked about that, you know, avoiding the curse of sameness, not only avoiding the curse of sameness with our ideas and our mechanisms, but what I found interesting was Kim, taking it one step further and really avoiding the curse of sameness even with proof points. So, you know, we build our arguments around, you know, we make claims, and then we offer proof, evidence, support for those claims as part of the marketing argument in a campaign. And what Kim said was that part of her research process is looking for alternative proof points, proof points that have not been, um, used before, proof points that in and of themselves will differentiate her campaign. So she's not only avoiding this curse of sameness with the big idea, the unique mechanism, with the type of language that she uses in the copy word choice, all that. But she's also applying this to her proof points.

And so she's not regurgitating the same proof points that others have used or are using right now. She's looking for new and unique proof points as well, right? And she even said that, you know, and, and this has been said before by, um, by other top copywriters as well, that even during the research stage, she's actually looking for big alternative proof points that she can build an argument around. So sometimes through the research, when you stumble on a big unique proof point, right, that in and of itself can then be turned into the seed of a big idea. So sometimes it's super smart to identify these big, unique proof points, almost these undeniable unique proof points, and then use those to form the big idea because you've, you already have the undeniable proof built in when you identify it.

And so hopefully that makes, um, that makes sense. Next was really something that was brought up by, um, Chris Hadda. Chris Hadad is probably the, the guy who is, um, who is best at the emotional punch in the gut copy, right? He's an amazing storyteller. He is a guy who I think his superpower is probably, you know, the ability to understand the emotions of a marketplace on a deep level.

I believe that he's got a lot of emotional maturity. He's able to kind of really un, you know, he, he's, he's the kind of guy that, you know, you, you can say something, and he is in tune with the emotions behind what you're saying and where it's coming from and, um, and whatnot. And, you know, Chris's big thing, and we've heard this before, we know this, this is kind of copy 1 0 1, but it was really great to see a copy legend really emphasizing this. And then ironically, and to my surprise, numerous copy legends jumped in to piggyback off of what Chris said in agreement with him. And that is just the enormous necessity of tapping into empathy, right?

Is truly being able to walk a mile in your prospect's shoes, truly being able to step into their shoes to see the world through their eyes, to hear the world through, through their ears, to experience the world through, um, through their senses, to really put yourself in their position, you know, to, to think like a real human being. Um, and, um, and empathize with prospects. And, you know, it was just a great reminder for me of, you know, we can talk a ton about copy techniques and word choice and flow, and the argument and proof and claims and the big idea and unique mechanisms. But ultimately, what has to be at the root is empathy. There was even a part of the discussion of, you know, when using ai, uh, and there wasn't, you know, there, you know, I was anticipating that a lot of the copy legends, were gonna wanna, were gonna really have a lot to share about ai.

It was really interesting for me to see that the overwhelming majority of them were very, were had very little reliance on ai. They, they might, some of them were using it to kind of speed things up a little bit, but very little. But what they did say was, what was said was the necessity of having empathy, even when you're prompting AI to come from a place of empathy. And so, uh, really, really valuable to be able to step into your prospect's shoes, really step into their shoes, you know, go beyond the, oh, they wanna lose weight, they wanna, you know, they want confidence. Like sometimes we can use words and phrases to describe prospects without really getting in touch with what that means for them and what that feels like, and how that can kind of color their life experience and how that could impact their psyche and, and whatnot.

And I think that's, that it's important to go deep to really understand what moves the market on a deep human and emotional level. Next was, this was something that was brought up, uh, by John Benson. Uh, you guys obviously know John, the creator of the, the, the VSL, the guy whose VSL, uh, kind of systems and, and, and chunks have generated something like a billion plus dollars for people that have used it. Uh, he was the guy that I, I, I'll never forget, you know, we saw many, many moons ago, we saw one of John's VSLs, one of his first VSLs in the health and, and wellness or health and fitness space. And then Rich introduced Agora to the VSL.

And I remember, uh, bill Bonner, the founder of Agora, sending Rich a letter, letting him know how the VSL, which was based on John's, um, approach, you know, completely changed the game for, um, for Agora. John talked about just very simply that when he thinks about, you know, um, promises that he's gonna make to the, to the market, one of the things that he talked about is there are two criteria that he really wants his promises to, to be built on more than just two. But these two are kind of mandatory. He said, ultimately, right? He wants to, he, he wants to be able to promise folks the dream life, right?

But it needs to be believable. And so he said, right, you have to have both. You can't have one without the other, right? If you promise the dream life like this magnificent life, and it's not believable, obviously nobody's going to buy. At the same time, you have to make sure that you're not kind of favoring believability by lowering the dream life to an average life or to a so-so life, and we've talked about this before, that you know, you, you want the primary promise to be this big, bold, audacious outcome.

It needs to be something that where the prospect views the transaction, the offer ultimately as the juice being worth the squeeze, right? So if we were selling or marketing a, you know, a traffic generation product, and we had a great unique mechanism, but ultimately the promise was how to get an additional 10 visitors a week to your website, that's not the dream life. And so, while it, it may certainly be believable and right, and everything else may be rock solid in terms of the argument proves that this can generate an additional 10 visitors a week, right? If it doesn't deliver, if it doesn't make prospects feel like they can experience the dream life, they can be on the other side, um, then it's lacking. And so, I, I just like the way that he summed that up with dream life and believable dream life and believable, dream life and believable.

I would say that the smart approach is always to start with the dream life and then see if we can make it believable. And if we can't, right? Make it believable. Like this is assuming, of course, that we're telling the truth. Obviously, if we can't present it in a way that is believable, even if it's true, remember that not everything that's true is believable, and not everything that's believable is true.

Uh, then we can back down the dream life. But it's all really about the dream life. It's kind of what the prospect cares about is the dream life. We need to then make it believable, right? Like in terms of the, um, the argument next was really, um, this is just a great reminder as well.

Uh, this came from Peter Kell, again, a guy who creates VSLs for mass markets. Um, and that is the necessity of using basic caveman language in the argument with mass markets. You know, one of the things that Peter emphasized over and over and over, excuse me to the group, was he talked about like not using any kind of linguistic gymnastics, not using any kind of, you know, um, jargon. But, you know, he didn't use the expression, he didn't use the phrase dumb it down, but he was like caveman language. He said, Trump style, you know, language, like short words, easy to understand.

He talked about this idea that, excuse me, it needs to be something that they can immediately understand that there is no thinking or kind of internal processing required in the prospect's mind to understand what you're saying, that it's so simple, right? And so what he, he applied this not only to the copy, but he applied this to the big idea. He applied this to the argument about the root cause. He applied this to the argument or, or the presentation of the unique mechanism that everything was an ultra basic, ultra simple kind of, this is, right? Like this is the problem that you, you, you current, this, this is the problem that you have right now.

The reality is this is the right, like, but the real root cause is this, right? You ultimately wanna get here, here is a product that like, or a mechanism, excuse me, that will do it, and it works by a, B, C to get you here. And so he just over and over and over throughout the entire copy legends, lock-in day constantly went back to this brain dead simple, super simple caveman language like, right? Um, and so this goes to something that we've talked about many times before, which is avoiding the curse of knowledge, right? And the curse of knowledge is not only how we understand certain topics, but most importantly, it is also how we explain, articulate, and communicate about those topics.

We need to recognize that we're eights and nines and tens, and most people are ones and twos and threes. And this is especially the case in mass markets, right? And so while, you know, in some markets there might be some fives and sixes and and whatnot, you've gotta really recognize where your audience is at on that kind of scale. And if you're looking to attract the masses, basic language, and so lemme just take a drink, okay? In line with that, this was also interesting, and this was kind of a piggyback conversation that I believe stemmed from something that Donnie French said after Peter, uh, was talking about the caveman language was, uh, starting with the prospect's language in, um, in your copy, starting with starting where the prospect is at, and then expanding their vocabulary with our pri proprietary language.

So in other words, this is kind of, this is somewhat along the principle of gradualization that was presented by Jean Schwartz in breakthrough advertising. You're starting where the prospect is, and then you're moving them to where they need to be. And what was, what this is really about is just recognizing that while there may be things that you need to educate them on, new things that you need to teach them new things that they need to understand as part of your, your, your argument, you wanna start where they are, and you wanna start with where, where they are in terms of their language. So you don't immediately jump into the proprietary language or to, you know, internal vocabulary. You start with their vocabulary, and then you gradually move them to understand your vocabulary.

And I think that that's a subtle, it's a subtle, you know, it's a subtle game, it's a subtle balance, uh, to do that. But, uh, I think that that's smart and so, make sense? Yep. Okay. This is a another little tactical thing.

Very simple. This really kind of truthfully originates many, many moons ago from Dan Kennedy. I just thought that it was worth putting in here as a reminder for me and for, for everyone, uh, on the team. And that is that, you know, what a lot of people do is they save their best stuff for their backend. And ultimately, you wanna put your absolute best stuff in your front end.

And this is a great reminder because remember, the front end is about customer acquisition, but customer acquisition with the aim of turning that new customer into a multi-buyer, right? Like, we know that the game in business in a direct response driven company is won or lost based on lifetime value, right? And we know that in the overwhelming majority of businesses life, the bulk of lifetime value is the backend, right? Like there is a, you know, the, the, the front end has a finite amount that it contributes to lifetime value. In most businesses, direct response driven businesses, the bulk of lifetime value comes from the backend.

And the longer a business is around and the more product services offers put out in front of people, or the longer people stay subscribed, the larger the percentage of lifetime value that comes from the backend, right? So, you know, you look at, you know, when Netflix first started, right? And they were only around for five months or three months, whatever it is. Well, you know, when they were only around for three months, right? Two thirds for the people that were still subscribed to Netflix, after three months, two thirds of the transactions were backend, right?

Two thirds of the transactions contributed to, to the backend, month two and month three, month one was the, the front end. But now that they've been around a long time, right? And there are some people that have been subscribers to Netflix for, you know, for 24 months, for 36 months, for 60 months, whatever it is, remember that the, the front end contribution to lifetime value hasn't changed. It's still only month one. Now though, the contribution to the lifetime value is, you know, is month two through 60, right?

And so now it an even larger percentage has come from a, a larger percentage of lifetime value has come from the backend. All of this is just to say that what we need to recognize is we need to finish the statement with the purpose of the front end is maximum customer acquisition, right? We need to finish that by recognizing that maximum customer acquisition, right? So that we can turn those people into multi-buyers, right? Maximum customer acquisition.

So we can turn those people into multi-buyers. And so that's why you want to lead with your best stuff if you develop, right? If you have a front end product that's shoddy, that's incomplete, that's inadequate, that's so-So that's kind of ordinary stuff. Well, why should we think that somebody is gonna become a rabid buyer of our stuff if the first thing that we deliver to them is just mediocre, right? I i if it's just subpar, no, we ultimately wanna put the best stuff in the front end.

This is something that Dan Kennedy said moons ago. Um, and this was something that was brought up again with the, um, with the copy legends. I wanna go back to something that, um, John Benson shared, which I don't necessarily think is a, uh, I, I, I like this a lot, and it's something that I'll think about, but I don't think that this is necessarily a hard and fast rule. It's certainly not a hard and fast rule that, um, that I fo follow. I just like the thinking behind this.

And John was talking about, uh, and you know, it, it works and works well, and because he does it right, and his stuff has converted extremely well. Uh, John was talking about the naming of, we, we were talking as a group about unique mechanisms and the naming of unique mechanisms and identifying them and, and positioning them and all that. And what John said was that he likes to use two words, uh, to name his unique mechanism, two words that are known by the prospect to create a new phrase, right? So he's taking two words known by the prospect, two words that typically aren't used together, or two words like, uh, as a phrase that don't necessarily exist in the, in the prospect's vocabulary as a phrase. The each word on its own might exist.

Um, but together they don't exist. And then he uses that as the unique mechanism, uh, as the name for the unique mechanism. And he gave an example at the time of like, uh, he gave an example, uh, I believe he gave a couple of examples, but one of the examples that he gave was from an old weight loss offer where people were talking about leptin, which is a hormone in the body, it has to do with hunger and, and whatnot. And he talked about this idea of like leptin resistance. And while today that's not, you know, the idea of leptin resistance isn't anything new, back then it was, nobody was talking about that he took leptin something that they, that, that the market was now talking about this idea of resistance, which they obviously have heard that word.

And he combined the two together, and that became kind of the, um, the, the, the root cause, like his unique mechanism was overcoming leptin resistance. He was ultimately saying this is he, he, he was naming the new root cause and then the, the, the unique mechanism was the thing that overcame that, if that makes sense. Yeah. Like, uh, muscle confusion, Like muscle confusion, right? That's a great example.

Muscle confusion, right? Uh, from Beachbody, uh, P 90 x, exactly right? Muscle confusion, they know, but boom, together. And then when, when it was used together, it's a great example. Michael hadn't even thought of that.

Uh, um, yeah, when it was together. That's, that's that, that was it, man. That became a home run for them. And so great example. Next was, um, an ad copy technique that Rich Efron shared that, um, that was, um, I forget the gentleman's name, I really wish I could remember.

But that was shared with Rich during an interview and was, uh, basically an approach, not basically is an approach for ad copy specifically, like, let's say YouTube ads. And what, uh, th this was about the, the difference between giving a taste at the beginning of the ad versus giving a tease. And the most common approach to YouTube ads is the teases, right? Like, in a minute, I'm gonna share with you three things that are gonna improve your productivity and allow you to get X, y, z done. These are three, three secrets that are used by that, right?

Like the, the, the greatest prof, you know, the greatest time management experts, the wealthy entrepreneurs, right? These secrets were written down years ago, right? That's all tease, right? There's, you could almost say that it's teases, teases, teases, teases, teases. There's no value being given.

Whereas what, um, what these guys found, and this actually was ver, was tested, verified by a tremendous amount of media buying from Donnie French. So this was confirmed by, uh, a ton of media buying tests. The taste is actually starting with a, um, with a value nugget. So, right? It's kind of like, there are three things you can do to, um, there are three things you can do to become wildly productive.

Let me tell you about the first one. It's called blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And here's how it works, right? And so you're going right into a gem at the beginning. You're going right into a valuable nugget at the beginning.

You're giving them a taste right away rather than teasing. Uh, and, um, and so you're, you're giving them a taste. Doesn't mean that you then have to give the other two in the ad, right? It, it, it just means, right? You might say like, right, and I cover the other two later on in the ad, you might say, I cover the other two in a free report that I have and, and, and go grab it.

The point being that you're starting off with a taste rather than, um, tease. And these guys have found that every time they do taste versus tease that their ad their ads outperform, right? Their ad, their taste ads well outperform the, um, the tees. And, um, and I like that. And I think that not only do, not only do I think that it is important, i I I think that anybody that's doing media buying, especially YouTube ads, should be testing that for sure, right?

That was like one of the immediate things. Like I looked at John Moley, like, that's one of the immediate things that everybody should be doing. But I also think that it reinforces the lesson that as markets become more sophisticated, the hooks and ideas and angles, and, and you could even say the leads, the opening of campaigns need to evolve, right? You could make the argument that this goes back to the same conversation that we had when we were talking about the one-legged golfer and how that would flop today, right? Because it's primarily tease.

And so, um, I think it's well worth, um, testing next something that you've heard me say many times before. But I loved hearing this from the copy legends. Like, I loved seeing the passion from the copy legends when this topic came up. Uh, and I think Peter Kel also kicked off this little discussion. Um, just the main reason that people don't buy is because they don't believe the unique mechanism will work the way that we're saying it does, right?

Like, at the end of the day, like, you know, look for the overwhelming majority of, of, of fairly reasonable copywriters, fairly, you know, fairly skilled copywriters and fairly skilled marketers, people get right? Like, like most of the time for, for, you know, for good decent copywriters and marketers, they get the promise, they get the benefits. They might not be, it might not be the best promise, it might not be the best benefits, right? But they get people to consume their message, and then people don't buy, right? So, like, oftentimes what happens is, and this is, this is interesting to really ponder and think about.

It's, it, you know, often, more often than not, when people say, when, when marketers, certainly when, when, when folk, when entrepreneurs, marketers, copywriters come to us, come to me, and they say, my campaign, it, it just doesn't work. It's not working. They're, they're not talking about, they can't get any clicks, nobody's engaging, nobody's going to their page. Like most of the time, it's not that they can't get traffic, it's that they're, they can't get buyers. It's that people aren't buying.

And so you could make the argument, and I'm not saying that this is definitively the case, but you could make the argument that, right? That the promise is good enough to get attention that you know, that the, um, the benefit statements are good enough to create interest, that they're getting people to, you know, consume at least a portion of their marketing message. But somewhere along the lines, people are either bailing or getting to the offer and not buying because they just don't believe the message. They don't believe it to be true. They don't believe that they're gonna experience the, the outcome that we're saying.

And so I think that for me, right? It's, it was just a great reminder for, for you guys, great reminder that, look, I think sometimes marketers and copywriters and entrepreneurs have this tendency to overcomplicate marketing. At the end of the day, somebody is coming to you with a problem. They're over here, they wanna get over here, we're showing them that we've got the bridge. We, they're on this island, they wanna be on this island.

We've got a vehicle to take them, a boat to take them from this island to that island, but they're not jumping on the boat because they don't believe that the boat will get them there, period. Right? Like, if they're interested enough to say like, I'm on this island, this dude, like this person's saying that they could get me over there. Let me hear what they have to say. And then they don't buy, right?

That the majority of people are not buying because they don't believe it. Yes, some might not buy because they don't feel it's perfectly appropriate for them. Some might not buy because of price point depending on where you're at. But when you see low ticket front end products from the ultra low ticket free plus shipping to, you know, 29, 39, 49, even $69 when people aren't buying, right? It's not, it's not because of price point for the majority of people, it's, they do not believe what it is that we are saying.

And so you've gotta remember that, that at like, it, it kind of, you could make the case that it goes back to what John said about dream life and believable. At the end of the day, I don't think that enough marketers and copywriters are thinking about how believable is this? Instead, they're spending way too much time thinking about how compelling is this? How exciting is this? How audacious is this?

And they're trying to make it, right? They're trying, they're, they're, they're constantly working on making it more compelling, not realizing that the more compelling and the more audacious that they, that they make it, the harder they're gonna need to work on proving it to be true, on making it believable. And so I think that, right, more people need to recognize you are better off scaling down your promise. I'm not saying make it ordinary, right? We still need, we still wanna get as close to that dream life as possible, but scaling down the promise so that you can make it believable.

People do not buy products or services if they don't believe they will work to deliver the result. And so that is a foundational point. Next. And there are, I think I have, uh, three more. Um, this was something that, um, Justin Goff shared, and I, I thought that this was really an interesting perspective.

Um, Justin obviously does, does a tremendous amount of pro promotions. Um, and many of them are, uh, are extremely successful, uh, certainly compared to the average marketer, copywriter, you would say that Justin runs wildly successful, wildly profitable, um, promotions. And what he talked about was this idea of he looks at the hooks and the offers that resonate with his list, right? That, that have worked in the past and, you know, the, the topics, the ideas, the hooks and the offers that worked really well. And then what he does is he looks to see can he reuse, can he take those, those hooks, those um, ideas, those topics, those offers, and use them with a new mechanism to roll out a new promo, right?

And so ultimately what he's doing is, you, you could make the case to really boil this down, is that he's looking for the hooks, the ideas, the hooks, the topics that resonate with his market, and then he is using those hooks topics ideas over and over and over again by just piggybacking them with new mechanisms, right? And so that's how he's able to like, you know, it's kind of like, look, you know, if you sell, if in Justin's case, let's just say he sells really well to his list, an email copywriting system, right? Well then, right? And this is again, understanding the backend, understanding multi-buyers, understanding what makes your marketplace, um, sit up and pay attention, right? It's smart for him to look for other email marketing or other copy email copywriting programs that he could sell to the market, assuming that they have a different mechanism for producing the results.

People that are interested in email copywriting are interested in email copywriting, and in many markets, they're never satiated with a topic, in other words, right? Like, somebody that's interested in copy and wants to learn copy, will read tons of books, will go through, tons of programs, will continue. Like, you never reach a point where you feel like, I know enough about copy, like, I'm done. I don't need to learn anything else. You'll always feel like maybe there's another secret that I don't know that could, maybe there's another approach that I can add to my toolbox, to my repertoire.

And so the idea of looking at what hooks, ideas, topics resonated, and then kind of going back to those new mechanisms in there and re-rolling them out. And so you could make the case that this is about looking for new mechanisms with ideas that resonate. You could also say that this is about looking at the data of what's worked to your list and then giving them more of what they, they they bought. We talked about this earlier, just recognizing the enormous implication that big marketing ideas have a lifespan. And I really even want to, um, I I I would say this is probably even more appropriate for us to take big marketing ideas and just say big marketing ideas.

Hooks, themes, angles, have a lifespan, right? That, and this is so important, I, I cannot stress this enough. This was something that I actually, ironically, have spent a significant amount of time talking, uh, to our top one mastermind group about the idea that there are so many marketers that I see that are, um, despite the market having changed and evolved, that are clinging to what worked a year ago, eight months ago, 15 months ago. And they're clinging to that, and they're fighting to hold onto that, right? Like many people have said, you know, like, I've had conversations with folks where they're like, this, this campaign built the back of our company.

And they're saying that as if that is a valid argument for why they should be doing it today, right? And, and the reality is, is that can be true. Um, that it built the back of the company and still be something that is no longer viable today. And you've gotta recognize that markets evolve, all markets evolve. Some markets evolve quickly, some markets evolve slowly.

But this is why we always need to keep our finger on the pulse of the market to see how the market is evolving and changing. What topics are of interest today that weren't before? What topics were of interest that aren't anymore? What offers are? This is huge.

What offers, at one point, were viewed as killer offers that are now viewed as so-so offers, right? What offers were rare that are now commoditized? Um, you know, what, what problems exist today that didn't exist before? What problems that used to exist that we solved, um, now are no longer problems? What problems did we used to address that, where we were only one of few, that now today are problems that are being addressed by many?

All of these things, not to mention what hooks and mechanisms and ideas, uh, are, are, are, are, are being used that weren't being used before. All of these things are critical that you keep your finger on the pulse of, because you can very quickly find yourself where you're trying to, you're trying to sell a product or market a product with an idea that just doesn't resonate with the market anymore. An idea that is no longer compelling to the market, maybe even with a promise that is no longer compelling to the market, no longer interesting, no longer unique, no longer different. And I would say that I see more people that were previously successful that are now struggling, um, in that position because of this, because they are clinging to what worked in the past and not adapting to what, um, what the market needs to hear today. Always, always, always, everything we do from a marketing and copy perspective has to come from the market, has to come from what the market is telling us, right?

Like I talked about, I, when I, I chimed in on one of these things and I said like, look, you know, who determines who? Let me ask you this. Let me pose this to you guys. Who determines what a killer offer is? Who determines what a killer offers your prospects, right?

Correct the market. Yeah, right? Like the market, you know what I mean? Like, it's not like when somebody says, I have a killer offer, right? I have a killer offer that nobody's buying.

That's illogical, right? If it was a, if it was a killer offer, everybody would be buying. It's a killer offer when everybody's buying. If nobody's buying, it's not a killer offer. You labeling it as a killer offer, because in your mind you think that it's a killer offer, it doesn't make it a killer offer, right?

Doesn't make it a great offer. It's just like, look, I put together a killer campaign, like a great campaign. You know what I mean? That's like an unbelievable idea. Like I got, I nailed the big idea, and then you roll it out and nobody clicks on your ads.

Nobody clicks on your emails, right? Like you're getting, you know, sparse traffic. Well then it's not a killer idea. You thinking it is, doesn't make it. So what determines whether it is, is the market.

And so everything that we do from a marketing and copy perspective needs to come from, needs to stem from the market. And so if markets evolve and change, that's gonna mean that we need to evolve and change that our copy, our marketing, our hooks, our angles, our ideas, our offers need to evolve and change as the marketplace does. And so incredibly important that like, you know, like I said, I think that we're seeing kind of a surge of this in the market, uh, now because I think that our market has, you know, the, the business development mar online marketing, you know, funnel, uh, building, whatever you wanna call it, space has undergone such an evolution over the last 18 months, you know, a year, especially with ai. Um, you know, and the, the kind of the hormo style, um, um, offers or people attempting to do the, like a hormoze style, um, offer that it is, it is immediately taken a lot of hooks, a lot of angles, a lot of offers, and made them commodities, made them, you know, like I said, and, and then I'll go onto the last one and we'll wrap up. Uh, you know, I said like, look, you know, you have to understand that when people started rolling out these offers in the coaching space, uh, of, you know, I I'll get you 12, you know, clients, um, in the next 30 days and you, or you pay nothing, right?

That, um, that that immediately changed the perception of the value of $2,000 courses on getting clients, right? In other words, those $2,000 courses on how to get clients now became perceived as less valuable because now others were coming along and saying, you don't even need to learn anything. Forget going through a course. Forget studying, right? Like, forget learning new skills.

Forget having to implement, forget having to execute, forget the testing, forget the copy, forget the funnel, like we're gonna get you the clients, right? And at the end of the day, people were buying those $2,000 courses to acquire coaching clients. Um, not because they wanted to learn those skills, but because they ultimately wanted the clients. And they felt that at the time, the only thing that they could do was develop these skills necessary to get the clients, but they're investing in the course or were investing in the course to get the clients when somebody else came along and said, I'll get you those clients, right? Or you don't pay so you don't risk any and you don't have to learn, you don't have to implement, you don't have to do, we're gonna do it for you, right?

It now changed the perception wildly of the hard work approach and say, right, if you don't keep your finger on the pulse and you don't see how the market is changing and you don't see the proliferation of those type of ads, now offering to get clients for people at, you know, for free, if it doesn't work, um, then you wouldn't know that and you would keep pedaling the same old thing. And I think that, that we see that over and over and over. You gotta pay attention to the market. You gotta pay attention to what, what they're seeing, what they're hearing, what they're being promised, all that. Because the marketing has to evolve, the copy has to evolve, the ideas have to evolve, and the offer has to evolve.

I wanna finish with this. Like I said, you know, uh, there was a tremendous amount shared and so, so hard to, you know, uh, I could share so many tactical things from these guys, but these were the kind of, for me personally, I'm sure if we looked at the notes from other copy legends in the room, uh, they might have wildly different things written down. Um, for sure. But for me, the one that I wanna end with was something I wanna go back to. Dan Ferrari, uh, you know, top copywriter from the financial space.

Um, and he talked about, um, hi, his testing approach to to, to optimize campaigns, to optimize his promotions, to optimize his offers. He used this, he, he called it t testing, and for him it was kind of horizontal and then vertical. And so what, what was, what came up was David Deutsch legendary copywriter, a-list copywriter top dog been around for, for freaking years. At one point, I think he had six controls in, um, in for, um, one of the biggest direct response companies. It's six controls at the same time, at the same freaking time.

Um, what a beast. Um, and such a sweet dude as well. Um, he talked about how his approach, like there, there are five different things that he likes to test when it comes to the idea, the hook, the angle. He talked, you know, he talked about like a benefit. Um, uh, he talked about five different things and that's when Dan jumped in and said he uses a similar approach in that he first tests horizontally.

And what Dan meant by that, what he went on to kind of explain and share when he talked about his process, was that he tests a variety of approaches. So Dan might test in verse out, um, you know, like David had talked about, he tests a typical benefit driven kind of approach. He tests a, um, like a story driven approach, and then he says he always tests something that is like out of left field outlandish, something that he says, you know, I don't think that this is gonna work, but if it does, it could be a home run. And so, um, that was similar to the approach that Dan used, right? Horizontally meaning trying these different angles, these different approaches.

And then once you identify, or once Dan identifies the approach that resonates most with the market, then he goes vertical, meaning that then he'll begin testing variations of that approach. So if let's say, you know, if let's say through testing he identified that the kind of a more benefit driven approach, a more benefit driven idea, appeal, lead beats out the others, then when it comes to vertical testing, now he's testing, he might be testing a variation of the headline of that benefit approach. He might be testing certain different words, different phrases in there. Um, but now, so he's going wide to identify the right appeal and then he's going deep with that appeal when it comes to testing. And I just thought that that was a smart, um, you know, excuse me, a smart approach.

And so there you go using t testing. And so those things were the big, you know, the, the, the takeaways for me, the ones that I feel if, if, you know, if you grasp those, ponder those, think about those, those can have a serious, serious impact on, um, on copy, especially those two biggies that I talked about midway through our training. And so, make sense? Absolutely. Good, thanks.

I know I'm well over our, our normal. Does anybody have any questions? No, good stuff. Took a lot of notes. Awesome.

Thanks Scott. Awesome. And so we'll obviously get you guys the recording of this, but um, but there you go. I appreciate you guys. I know we went well over the time that we normally allocate for this training, but I wanted to cover this for you.

I told you I had a bunch of stuff too to cover. There you go. Given you a lot to think about. I definitely would go back through this recording a second time, um, for sure. But those were my big takeaways from the, um, the copy legends and um, and now they can be your takeaways as well.

And so enjoy and, uh, think about it and have an amazing day, guys. Thanks Todd.
