---
title: "CC_ 2025-03-25"
date: 2025-03-25
duration: 37m
duration_seconds: 2235
vimeo_id: 1069311221
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# CC_ 2025-03-25

**Date:** 2025-03-25 | **Duration:** 37m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right, so today what I wanna do is an exercise. I actually wanna do something with you. So there's gonna be no teaching. We're just actually gonna do something together. And, uh, ultimately what I want to do together is I want to, uh, come up with add hooks and angles.

In other words, uh, uh, hooks and angles, ideas that we could use in, um, in ads in media buying, whether it's an image ad, whether it's a video ad, it, it doesn't matter to me. And in a second, we're gonna pick the, um, we're gonna pick the topic. So there's no pre-work done on my part for this. I really just want us to go through this process together of really brainstorming. And the thing that I wanna, I, I wanna say the part of the reason why I'm doing this, uh, part of the reason why I'm doing this is because I wanna make sure that you see the variety of different angles that you really have at your disposal for coming up with ad hooks, you know, um, angles, stories, narratives, et cetera.

Like I, you know, we can very often and very easily get caught in this trap of taking a topic and thinking there are four or five different like hooks that we can go with, and the, and we end up getting caught in this kind of, this groove, right? And, and, and, but, and we miss out on the opportunity to really go wide. And so I'm hoping today that together collectively we'll be able to show one another the amount of diverse angles that we can come at the same topic, um, with and, and from. But the other thing, and I wanna, I wanna really put this out on your radar. I think I might have mentioned this on a one or more previous calls, but, you know, this is something that's been kind of front and center for me for now.

I would say the last really three months as I've been working very closely with some, uh, you know, pretty, uh, heavyweight, um, copy teams, marketing teams, companies, putting up big numbers in, in direct response. And, and it's really something that has become what I'm about to share with you. It's something that's become a major focus for me, and something that I'm bringing into, uh, to wealth with God, something that I'm bringing even into, um, to MFA or, you know, EE five. Uh, and that is, that is as crazy as it sounds for me to say this today, just the incredible importance of ad creative, of ad creative when it comes to scaling a marketing campaign. You know, for the longest time, I, I'll tell you that I, I would say that the overwhelming majority of my emphasis in terms of thinking, planning, strategizing, and, and executing has been on the marketing, the, the marketing campaign side of things.

And specifically in this context, when I say the marketing campaign side of things, I mean, ultimately the web pages. I mean, post click, whether that click be on an email or that click be on a, um, an ad, uh, you know, or some external link, but right. What happens after somebody clicks a link? Where do they land? What does that page say and communicate and do?

And then of course, every page after that, and I still, of course, think, think that that, or believe that that is wildly critical, obviously, what it is that we say. But one of the things that I really, truly neglected in terms of focus, energy, effort, and prioritization was what happens before the click? What, what are we doing to generate the click? What are we saying? What are we showing?

What are we presenting and who are we saying it to? Really the amount of priority or emphasis that I put on the ad creative, and I'm speaking in this context of media buying. When you're looking to, when you're buying media, when you're running, when you're, when you're, you're doing paid advertising and you're using that as the backbone to drive traffic to your marketing campaign for scale today, I, I really recognize how incredibly important that part of the, um, the game really is. If for no other reason, not, not just because obviously, you know, we know, obviously it, you know, it, it can impact the type of visitor that you get, right? Not all traffic is created equally.

It could certainly impact the volume of traffic that you get. Uh, but more than anything, what I, I really realize is that it can have a significant economic impact on your overall marketing. Meaning that right done poorly, you could, you know, done poorly, you end up with a much higher CPM, which then carries over to a much higher cost per visitor cost per click, which then will carry over to a much higher cost per lead if you're using two step, or if you're generating leads much higher, CPA and oftentimes, right? That, that then much higher CPA either forces you to try to compensate for that with a higher A OV, right? Which is something that we typically we're always kind of fighting that battle of that CPA A to a OV ratio, or it requires you to use a percentage of your backend to subsidize the cost of, of acquisition, right?

Making, you know, economically, potentially putting a, a greater economic strain, if you will, on, um, on cashflow. Like I have just seen over and over, now, especially in, in concentrated in the last 3, 4, 5 months, I've seen the difference that focus on ad creative can have on what campaigns work, what campaigns are scalable, how much we can scale them, uh, uh, really, and, and just the, the, the, the need for, or decreased need for new campaigns, the decreased need for constant optimization of a OV, meaning I've seen when going the distance with ad creative, with ad angles, positions, hooks, ideas, all of that, all of that. Um, and then ultimately putting the same focus on the copy and making sure that the copy is dialed, not just, not just like not going all in on the VSL copy or the sales page copy, and then right in taking, uh, weeks to edit that and clean that up and polish it and whatnot, and then throwing together an ad or a couple of ads or a few ads, right? With very little thought and very little editing. Like the guys that I am, I, you know, that I've been knee deep with for the last handful of months, I, I've just, again, continued to be blown away by the amount of time, energy, effort and focus that they put into the copy used in their ads.

Uh, the same, that same level of intention that they put into their copy for their VSLs, their copy for their long form sales pages. And so, all of this is to say that, uh, you know, I think that it is incredibly important that every business, especially those involved in the marketing copy strategy, have deep insight into, uh, how their ads are performing. Meaning each individual ad that you're able to see how each individual ad is performing, uh, on a regular basis. In other words, uh, live data that you're, so that you're able to see what hooks, what angles are doing better than others, what formats are doing better than others, um, right, is like, so that we can see when we have a, when we have a man on there, a man spokesperson, a male spokesperson, what are they, what, what, what's achieved when they, when we have a female spokes, when when we open up with this hook or this angle, or a question, what, like being able to see that level of, um, or, or gain that level of insight or have that level of insight for decision making and then test a lot of creative. And so, does that make sense?

You know, like right. Pretty straightforward, but I'm just, I'm, I'm telling you that, right? I, I get it. You know, you know, for the longest time, like, you know, Teddy, I'll tell you, you know, to give credit where credit is due, you know, Sherin was in my ear for over a year. Like Todd, he got creative, creative, like jump on the creative, look at the creative, like, and I think that that came about really from him getting to see through steal our winners through, through these different, you know, uh, you know, these different experts getting to see the impact on the economics of better creative that, you know, meaning that he got to see firsthand how, how just changing the creative, sometimes just changing the media buying strategy could change the, the economics so much of a campaign that it could take what was a losing campaign that was about to be dumped and make it a winner that you could now scale, right?

Because we're talking about what we're talking about one whole side of the equation, the cost and the value. We've talked a lot about the value side, and I think that, that, I believe that that is all still and critical, but that doesn't mean that we, we, we don't need to place the same amount of emphasis on the cost side. And, um, and so yeah, I I, and I've seen it Curious though, like, so the, the people that I know you're talking about who are, who are testing creative at, at a massive scale, are they doing, you know, there's, there's this kind of this mint CRO type strategy, right? Where you're just testing the hooks, right? It's just the phrase on a colored background, seeing which phrases get the most clicks.

From there, you narrow it down, then you create the creatives, and then you kind of build a landing page systematically based on, and we've done this with, I did it with Sally James reel's a big proponent of it. Yeah. Just curious if you're seeing them do that or if they're developing full on creative for a hook idea before they even test the hook. Yeah, I would say, well, so I would say that, so the big, the biggest player right now that I'm working with, I would say they're going through a transition in terms of how they're testing. And so what I would say is that what they've done up to this point is more the latter of what you said, meaning they were, they would, they would do the, um, they would, they would create a variety of different pieces of creative, like put it all in there.

And then based on the data that they got back on, what was working well and what wasn't working well, they would iterate off of what worked well and they would dump what didn't work, uh, what didn't work well, there's a little bit of a difference. The the thing, just for what it's worth for this discussion is that they work with experts. And so because they work with experts, typically they use a lot of video ad creative, and the video ad creative, they're, it's done by the experts. So they'll put together the scripts and whatnot and give it to the experts. So usually, and this isn't always the case, and I'm just giving you some context to why, you know, they, they went that direction, not that it really matters, but, uh, is they also would do the copy for the VSL, and then there would be a recording day, or actually two days where the, the, the, the, uh, AV team and whatnot would be with the expert.

They would, that expert would record the, uh, would record the, uh, VSL because it was on camera, teleprompter, walkie walk and talk kind of thing. And then the next day they would have, while they have the expert in on location, they would have the expert do the, um, the video, um, ads. And then usually what they're doing is they might have the, the, they'll have the, they would have the expert doing a variety of different video ads. And then they, internally they would edit stuff, wax stuff up, like when, after they got data back to test different, but that's the reason why they've, they've done it up to, they did, they did it that way up to this point, I think more than a, they didn't, the hook ideas first. What was that?

They didn't test the hook ideas first before they created the videos? No, no. Um, no, and I, I do think that if you're, you know, look, I think if you've got, you know, if, if, if you have a process to test hook id, they, they do other, I don't wanna get too far into the weeds 'cause they do a lot of other things. Like I, you know, like one of the other things that, that they do is they do like paid anonymous surveys to the general market using like a, a SurveyMonkey kind of thing approach, where they'll, they'll, they, they'll get feedback on like the name of a particular mechanism or the name of a particular product. They'll get like a thousand responses that they'll pay for anonymous just from this, um, database.

And so they do a lot of that stuff early on for the copy before they even write the v the, the VSL copy. So they have a lot of that feedback in advance before they go and they do the, um, the, uh, you know, the hooks and whatnot for the, um, for the ads. Uh, but I do think that there is value in, look, I I think that, you know, I I, I think that obviously it goes without saying that, you know, having a system for how you efficiently test creative rather than just throwing a bunch of stuff at the wall constantly, um, uh, without any rhyme or reason. I think obviously having a system is much smarter. What I would say is that, you know, I think for the majority of people in the typical online marketing world, I just don't think they test enough creative.

I don't think the issue is the lack of a system for, I just don't think they, they test enough creative. Because I often think that the average marketer and I kind of get it, struggles with coming up with a variety of different ideas. Because there, it's almost like, let's, which we're gonna, we're gonna try to look at today and we're gonna see what, what, what we can do collectively today. And we're gonna do it live. We're gonna pick the topic together so that nobody had any advantage in this.

Um, but I think that, you know, I think this is where you gotta get outside of that groove, the groove of like, you know, of, of these, these are the angles that we typically use, like these, these are the main angles. It's those things that we typically use that everybody that you're competing with gets and sees. It's, those are the common ones. It's how can we find other angles, other approaches, other, you know, other narratives to come up with. Let me show you one quick thing, and then let's just dive in and do this.

Let me, let me show you this, um, because I looked at this and let's, let me see if I'll share my screen over here. I think this is it. So I showed this, uh, yeah, so I showed this the other day, uh, on a meeting, uh, I think I was with, um, Paul, and so I don't know if you've seen this. This is, uh, PDF farming. Uh, I don't know if you've seen an ad for this, this thing, from what I understand, I don't know much about this.

How many of you guys have seen an ad for this? So Michael, no. Okay, so I don't really know what this is about, to be honest with you. I, I don't fully understand the PDF farming thing. Um, even though I, I've seen the sales page and whatnot, these guys went, uh, I believe, uh, they cracked a million dollars in the first eight months, and so of running this, um, and so this is like a make money online thing, and it's basically, uh, it's like selling PDFs through TikTok, something.

That's all I really get. I don't get the whole, the whole PDF farming, um, or where that came from. But the thing that I, I, I, the, the reason why I'm, I'm sharing this is because what I find, and I'll pop this into the zoom, uh, chat, just so that you can look this up on your own, uh, uh, when we're done. But all of these, this is all the creative that there, you could see what's active right now. And so, active, active, active, uh, all this is active, active.

You can see that this is actually what we're looking at is video. These are all videos right here. Here's an image, but these are all active images. Now down here, images, these are all active. A lot of this is the same copy used over and over.

So why swim in a red ocean here is insert long add copy here to convince people this method works. This is a different copy over here. Make, uh, making more in your nine to five than your affiliate marketing biz. Different, um, copy over here. See, uh, same thing.

Why swim? So you can see a lot of the copy is recycled, but a lot of the images or videos are different. And look at all of this creative that is active right now. And again, this is just different combination. It's like this image with this copy, this image, with this copy, you know, different copy over here.

Um, but the thing that I want you to really look at later on is I just want you to look at the variety of different angles that they've taken in here. Like to approach this. Here's like drop shipping versus PPDF farming. And let me back up in this context. When I say like, add angles, you know, hooks, I'm not talking about big marketing ideas.

I'm not talking about major breakthroughs. I'm, I'm just talking about here. I'm talking about what is the kind of the angle that we can take with this. What's the, what's the angle of the, of the, um, appeal? What are we gonna try to, what are we talking about here?

What, what are we tying this to here? Um, how can we open up this, this ad? Like, right, who are we trying to get the, uh, the attention of in here? Because you could see in here, this is like drop shipping versus PDF, uh, um, farming. This is, let's just look at this with this.

They got a few, um, uh, they got a few. Why is it not working? A few provocative ads in here, like faking it with my husband. And then this is about like replacing income, you know, like her income. Uh, there was, and if this takes too long to come up, you guys can, like, I, yeah, I, I really just want you to go through and just look at the diverse amount of angles that, right, that, that, that they can take.

Now, look, with a make money online or a make money thing, a make money pitch, right? You could, you could do like, you could, you should see that you could come up with so many different angles. Like you could couple come up with an angle about, you know, got a tax bill, right? Like, here's a way to pay for your tax bill. An unexpected, you know, an unexpected bill in your house, an unexpected emergency.

Here's a way to pay for it. Retirement, saving for college, um, living the good life, getting the car of your dreams. Uh, then you could get into, right, you could compare this to drop shipping to an Amazon store, to typical online marketing. And each of those could be a different, uh, uh, you know, uh, a, a different ad for people that are looking for a, um, a, you know, a, a side hustle. People that wanna supplement their income.

Um, like there's, you could almost say that there's an infinite number of angles that you could, you could come up with, um, for like a, a a make money online. This one, yeah, there's, they, they push the limit, certainly with some of the imagery in here, uh, of what they use. But my point in, in really just showing you this is that, right? Like, think of the variety of different angles and ideas and hooks that you could come up with, different things that you can talk about while still leading to the same sales page. Every single one of these, certainly every single one that I clicked on, right?

Go to the same exact sales page. There is no difference on the sales page. The sales page is not dynamically being updated for any of these ads. Am I saying that that's the perfect way to do it? No, I'm just trying to show you that these guys have scaled from zero to a million bucks in eight months selling an information product, a make money online product, and look at the amount of, um, of ads that they are currently running that are currently active, right?

With a variety of different angles. Here's the straight rated, 4.7 by 1900 plus students, right? There was another one. Like if AI and, you know, chat GPT had a baby, you know, it would be this over here, right? Uh, what is this?

This one, this one. PDF Farm, uh, made on canvas producing this, it's like $11,000. There's so many different angles that you can take. And the thing is that early on, especially earlier, like you don't know what's going to resonate. Remember, it's that whole, you know, bill Bonner, we're in the what business, not the why business.

Sometimes we might not know why something hits. So with that being said, let's just do this. Let me drag this over here. And let's just go through, let's pick eight. Pick a topic, pick a topic, pick a pick, pick something.

And let's see how many add, how many add hooks, angles, different ways that we could craft an add. We can come up with somebody. Pick something. I don't wanna make a suggestion 'cause I don't want anybody to think that I pre prepped for the call. Some, somebody throw out an idea.

I don't care what the idea is. Beer, robot fishing. I don't know. Geez Louise, we can't even figure out the topic. I said robots, humanoid.

Robots. Robots. Oh, okay, I'm sorry for, um, for robots. Okay, any kind of robot. Keep it as robot.

Or where, or do you wanna get more specific? Just human humanoid robots. Basically Humanoid robots. Okay, who wants to start? So this is what we're selling humanoid robots.

Uh, let's say it's a report on humanoid robots. Okay? So, uh, okay, a report on humanoid robots. Alright? Wanna try not to get too far into the weeds to do what?

Uh, to understand the, the report is to help people understand what's coming and all the different models that are available currently and how it's gonna impact the world. Okay? So humanoid robots, we're gonna advertise, learn, you know, ultimately learn more about, you know, humanoid robots. What are some of the different angles that we could go with? So certainly, obviously, right?

Learn more about, uh, you know, humanoid robots. Typical, very straightforward. You know, What, what? Learn More about What will you name your, your personal robot, Okay? What will you name your personal, um, robot, The colleague that never calls in sick, Uh, colleague.

This one is always, how do you spell colleague? Kit? Colleague, G-U-E-E-A-G-U-E That never falls in sick. First. Think of before you, we could go in any order so you could roll with it.

But remember you could certainly dump out the, the, the common, you know, like the, the, the ad hook. So right? Learn more about humanoid robots. You know, how, uh, humanoid robots, um, are going to change, uh, everyday life, um, for us. They don't sleep at take vacations or ask for Raises.

Okay? So you could say, let's say the perfect, um, employee who never sleeps, vacations, uh, gets sick, uh, or complains. So, right? This is, this is an angle. You could make the case that this angle, right, is for employ, uh, for employers, for entrepreneurs, for business, you know, for business.

You could even, so if you wanted to, let's just do this real quick just to, just to show you. So let's say now we're, we're now talking to entrepreneurs, so this over here could be, right? Let's do this, let's do this. This could be for entrepreneurs. What else could we say to entrepreneurs?

How to, how the coming, uh, let's just do this just since we're not writing copy here. How to save, uh, how to slash um, payroll almost in half with, um, you could almost, you could almost do or you could do something, right? Without even getting into like, keeping it somewhat blind, almost like from here to advertorial kind of, uh, uh, with this, uh, almost, I mean, you can, you can even go more. So like what happens when the cost of manufacturing anything becomes almost zero? Yep.

How you can turn labor shortages into, um, scaling opportunities. It's not about finding a va, it's about finding a robot. Yep. Uh, uh, What, what will you and your wife fight about when it's not about chores anymore? Or something, something along.

Okay, so let's, uh, you could do, yeah, I mean, look, let's just keep it real simple for the imagine, um, Fortunate, I got a hard stop here in two minutes, but That's alright because what else? Keep going. Um, let's do, let's do, you could even do, let's switch, switch gears, right? And so you could see how you could now come up with, let's say we wanted to do, um, for parents, right? Bringing to the same report.

It could be, um, uh, this is the perfect, um, babysitter who does everything, you know, everything, right? Like right disc sort of angle. This isn't the copy, but, uh, yeah. Home homeschooling 3.0, There you go. Homeschooling 3.0, love it.

How about, uh, No, you can go the other way with parents too, right? Like, you know, uh, this will enable you to never have to place your parents in a retirement home. Never have to place your parents in a retirement home. Like your, let's do this. Your elderly parents in a retirement home could do a, another one of those.

Like, you know, uh, we kind of did the, the chores around the house. You could have, um, Your, your child's first, um, best friend might not have a heartbeat. That sounds really, uh, oof. Uh, may not, uh, even your child's first best friend may not even have a heartbeat or need one, Something around never, uh, getting into conflicts with kids because robot, the robot will be watching or Monitor. So in other words, amongst the kids, no squabbles, no, no more fights, No.

Between parents and, and kids. Oh, okay. Let's Say you wanna ban your kids from YouTube or whatever, so well, no arguing with the robot. Yeah, let's just say no more arguments. Um, you could, There's also this idea around like robots basically having in infinite patience.

So being, being able to deal with special needs kids easier, right? It's Perfect, right? The, the perfect, um, special needs, um, caretaker for your child. Yeah, pediatrician, pediatricians, pediatricians will prescribe them, you know? Yeah, this will be the most All right, prescribed.

I gotta run. Go ahead, Teddy. Appreciate it. See you, Teddy. Love it.

You got it from pediatricians. Um, and it's good for your, you know, child. See, like, I mean, look, you could see how, see to me this is a cool exercise. Some of these may turn out to be like, well, how do we work this in? You know, like how do we, how do we, uh, wordsmith this up?

Is it really if we were promoting some sort of report on, you know, on humanoid robots, like not everyone that we come up with would be able to maybe able to fit in here, but you can already see, like, we could go on, no doubt we could go on for another hour picking different categories of like, right, then we could get into fitness and health, right? Like you could get into learning knowledge. Um, you could get into doing your taxes, right? Like, um, getting, you know, uh, you don't have to pay for therapy anymore. You got a built in, you know, uh, uh, uh, a built in therapist, um, you know, somebody that can, you know, managing your finances like, right?

There's an endless, somebody that can hold you accountability for, you know, hold you accountable for, you know, being productive. Um, um, every day. Uh, you know, like you could get even into the chores. You could break this down into individual ones. Talk about, you know, like, you know, you, your own personal food shopper who does it for free for you, picks out the perfect foods, uh, that you not only love, but that are best for your exact health and wellness, you know, profile.

My point is, is that right? What, what, it doesn't have to be, what it shouldn't be is just the plain typical, you know, learn more about, um, humanoid robots or merely talking about this is this is what future, you know, futurists are talking about now, right? Like there's, you know, it's, it's almost like when you first start doing this, the very first ideas that you're gonna put down are gonna be the standard, are almost gonna be the ones that everybody would put down that you're competing with. The typical i everybody that everybody would put 'em down that is marketing. Uh, you know, we're selling a report on humanoid robots, but it's only after we get those down and start to go outside of where we normally go, do you get the opportunity to come up with these different ideas and you see how now, and look, I don't know, maybe this one was easier than you know, or, or is easier than other topics, but you could see how we started to, like, you started to just go in different directions.

And then from those, when we said, yeah, like it can help eliminate arguing from between parents and, and children. Maybe it can also help with ar you know, preventing arguing between spouses. Maybe, maybe now we've got something where we can talk about the relationship between a husband and wife, somebody to plan the plan and execute the perfect date for you. Somebody that could do relationship counseling for you. Some are you on the verge of divorce?

Well, before you go through with, you know, that and all the trauma and the consequences give this 30 day like, and that, and so there's a, there's an angle to, to talk about, um, to talk about that there's repairs around your house, right? And look, I know we're, we're stretching this out, but my point is seeing what are all of the different angles that we can go with? And two reasons. One, we don't know what's going to hit. We can take a guess.

There's, right, we may, we may believe what's gonna hit based on our research that we've done, the examination that we've done, but we don't know. The other thing is that some of these different hooks will appeal to people that other hooks wouldn't have appealed to bringing in more buyers or more people a wider base that we are pulling from because we've got a wider array of ideas that we're bringing to the market, you know, a wider of array of hooks and angles. And so anybody have anything to add to that or anything that you wanna ask or anything that you wanna contribute that I didn't, you know, just related to this that I didn't hit? Well, you know, it occurs to me that, um, if you have a media buyer or you know, something like that, you, you kind of have to, it can't really rely on them to do all the work for you when it comes to, uh, coming up with ideas and, and testing them and all of that stuff. You kind of have to keep your finger on the pulse of it.

I very much agree with you. I, I think that, you know, while you can leverage them, you know, and, and look, I I, I think the beauty is with media is that you do, you know, there's tremendous value in a lot of creative. And so I would certainly give the media buyer the opportunity to, or the agency, the opportunity to come up with their own creative and whatnot. But I most certainly in line with what you just said, Michael would advise that the marketing team, the copywriting team, whatever, depending on the structure of your business, is contributing to that. Because it at, and especially as the, the copywriting team, the marketing team, whatever is doing research is, is getting feedback from the support department on what they're complaining about, what they like, what words they're using, what phrases they're using, um, all that.

I most certainly think that there's value in the marketing team, the copywriting team coming up with their own ideas, angles, hooks, um, to test because they have a different level of insight than the, than the media buyer does. And, and so I would expect that some of the best ideas would come from the marketing team or copywriting team, the people that are actually doing the research and executing on the marketing and the copy. And so, cool. Alright, cool. That is all she wrote.

Good job. I mean, I think that we came up with a, a nice list pretty quickly, and I believe that we could have easily doubled, if not tripled this list if given enough time. And so it just goes to show you, man, look at all of these ideas. And the funny thing is right, that for each one of these ideas, we could have multiple different pieces of copy that we test, right? So each one of these could have, you know, 2, 3, 4 versions.

And so look at the amount of creative that we, we can come up with just from this, this little list that we put together here. And so think about it. But there you go. I will see you next week and uh, you need anything? Slack, me.

Okay, thanks Todd. You got it.
