---
title: "cc_ 2024-06-04"
date: 2024-06-04
duration: 35m
duration_seconds: 2142
vimeo_id: 953658824
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-06-04

**Date:** 2024-06-04 | **Duration:** 35m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right, so welcome back to another training. Here's what we're gonna do this week. We're going to jump in and we're gonna talk about, uh, we're gonna talk about setting up. We're gonna talk about one single way of approaching engineering or setting up a funnel for full or, or maximum monetization. And I know that this sounds like a very basic, uh, very basic elementary topic, and it really is what I, when I say in this context, engineering or setting up, what I'm ultimately talking about is a, is a viewpoint, is a perspective to take almost a, a rather kind of simple, but yet a go-to perspective to take when thinking about all of the different offers in a funnel.

So what we're not talking about is we're not talking about funnel model, we're not talking about set up as in format of pages or layout or, or anything like that. I'm talking about one single perspective, one single method for thinking about how do I approach the different offers in the campaign. And I think that we've talked about this, you know, before, we've actually talked about this numerous times before. But I think that this is a good reminder for you guys, uh, and a good kind of simplified model for you to always go to when thinking about what's this offer gonna be, what's this offer gonna be? What is this offer gonna be?

Um, and so on. And so with that, let's go ahead and let me do this. Let me share my screen over here. Let's pull up this little, um, this little slide deck. And, uh, hopefully you guys can see the, the, um, the slide deck over here.

So I wanna start off with one point that might seem like it doesn't have its place in this week's meeting and this week's training, but it really does, and this is kind of something that, uh, if you've got something to add to this or something to ask, or, uh, or you want to disagree, uh, I would love to hear from you guys on this first point. And that is this, that I wanna start this off by having you recognize the value today in selling very specific narrow solutions to specific problems and obstacles, what we see, you know, look, I think it's important to realize that we've talked many times before about how markets evolve over time, right? Markets not only evolve in terms of, and this in and of itself could really be a, um, a training. But markets not only involve in terms of sophistication, meaning, right? We know that sophistication is what prospects, what people in the marketplace have been exposed to, what promises they've been told, um, you know, what ideas they've been exposed to, right?

As they're exposed to more and more marketing messages, we know that prospects become more and more sophisticated as they participate in more transactions. They invest in more products, more services. They're, as they're exposed to more marketing and sales messages and advertisements, right? They become more, uh, more sophisticated. We also know that, right?

That's one kind of evolution, if you will, uh, of a marketplace. We also know that markets evolve in terms of going from generalist providers to specialists. So we know that over time, as markets are around longer and longer, as they mature, and as the market becomes more sophisticated, we see a move from generalist providers to specialists. So I've used the example before of, right, way back in the day, whenever that was, uh, uh, way back in the day, right? There was a town doctor for some reason, whenever I use this example of way back in the day, I always think of some western town, like with guys riding in on horses and shooting off, you know, cult 40 fives or whatever, for some strange reason.

Um, yeah, you're not that old Todd. And yeah, true. Um, and, uh, right, there was a, there was a town doctor, you know, and in my mind, right? I, I just envisioned the old timey, uh, you know, like he had a gunshot wound. He took a thing of, you know, some thing of alcohol, right?

And he dumped it on a filthy rag, and he put it on your gunshot wound, right? Or whether you had, who knows, a broken leg, you went to the same dude and he used some kind of weird, wacky thing, whether you were sick and you had, you know, some kind of plague or whatever, right? You went to the same guy and the same guy treated you no matter what. Right? There was one doctor, there was one type of doctor, and he treated it all.

And then we know, obviously, like fast forward to today, and, you know, depending on the ailment or the condition or the disease, there are doctors that specialize in very, you know, very specific conditions and ailments, not just right, not just specific body parts or organs, but specific ailments of those body parts and organs today. And so we know that as markets mature and right, and e evolve, that we see this move from generalist to specialists. And the, when that happens, we know that the generalists end up making less money, their value goes down as the value of specialists goes up. So as, as specialists come into the market, the value shifts away from generalists to, um, to specialists. And so today, the doctor who makes the least amount of money of, of, of all the doctors is the generalist, really, right?

Is the general doctor. So the general family doctor is the guy or gal who makes the least amount of money, and the specialist who specializes in the, you know, the narrow, narrow thing, right? Commands huge fees. And so that's another, another evolution that we see. And in line with those two, kind of the move towards more sophistication, which is on the prospect side and the move towards more specialization, which is on the vendor side, we also see an evolution in the types of products and services that people look for, right?

And we see this move from wide to narrow. So you could almost say that, right? Like you, you could almost say that when markets evolve, we see an evolution, uh, in within prospects in terms of sophistication. We see an evolution in terms of vendors and providers from generalist to specialist. And then we see this evolution in, um, in, on the product and service side, the deliverable side, going from wide to narrow, right?

So today, right, it's very difficult to, let's say merely, um, you know, sell, let's say a general copywriting training, right? A general copywriting, just like copywriting 1 0 1, right? Today, there, right? Be, and that's because right, as markets evolve and grow and mature, there are, right? What happens is when markets start off, products are typically much more expensive when they're not, you know, ubiquitous when they're not all over the place, right?

There's massive value in those things. Today, you could buy a $15 book on copywriting 1 0 1, and so to sell, let's say, a course on copywriting 1 0 1 is a lot more difficult than it used to be today, addressing specific problems or obstacles or specific outcomes. And results sell much better than general, um, general, uh, um, solutions. And so that's why I wanna start off what it is that I'm saying now by you guys recognizing the value today of selling those specific narrow solutions to specific problems and obstacles, and I'm saying in this context, I'm talking about our market. So the business building, business development, marketing, online market, this doesn't necessarily apply to every market.

This applies to our market. And so anything that you would add to what it is that I said, or ask or, uh, or anything there, lemme just Add that the, um, going after the right problems or offering solutions that are right, problems not going after a problem that you think they won't solve when the reality is that it may be a problem, but it's not a bleeding neck problem. It's not a problem that's keeping like, that they're, that they're desperately in need of solving. Yeah, well said. I think that's so, that's so important.

It's not, you know, you, you're absolutely, you know, as usual, man, you're, you're spot on, you know, of course, right? It's, it, you know, number one, uh, you know, a couple things, and, and I, I'm, you know, we could probably and should probably have a meeting and a discussion about this topic alone, what you just said, John, because it really is that valuable and that it, and that important, uh, I'm gonna take us in a bit of a different direction in a second with the next bullet when we go back to, you know, thinking about the offers. But I think that, you know, I, you know, John, you're, you're, you're spot on in that I think, you know, some of the mistakes that people make are, you know, they, they going after a problem that the market doesn't already recognize they have, right? So in other words, trying to sell people on the idea of the problem first before they then ultimately sell them the solution. So they're taking somebody and they're kind of creating a problem for that prospect, and then ultimately trying to offer them the solution to, um, to that problem.

Both of those things trying to be done in the same, you know, in the same funnel. I think, uh, you know, also targeting a problem that the prospect doesn't see as warranting a solution. In other words, you said you use the whole bleeding neck problem, right? They're, they're really going after a problem that maybe the prospect does recognize they have, but it's more of a nuisance or an irritation than it is an urgent thing that needs to, um, be solved in line with that kind of a subcategory of that is going after a low value problem, meaning a problem that the prospect, you know, maybe it is a problem, maybe it, you know, potentially is a bit more than just a nuisance, but it's a low value problem. Meaning by solving that problem, it's not gonna open up huge doors.

It's not gonna create massive results. It's not as rich Sheron would say, gonna change everything. It's gonna change, you know, one tiny thing. Uh, the, um, and, and so, uh, and then, you know, of course, the final thing, right? Ultimately not, not going after a problem that is a high value bleeding neck problem, an urgent problem that the prospect wants solved and wants solved right away, and is willing to make an investment to solve that, uh, to, to solve that problem.

I would add one kind of additional nuance to this and that, and we've talked about this before, and that is, um, and that is, let's say you're going after a, a, you know, a bleeding neck problem or, or a significant problem, high value, well, uh, targeting the root cause of the problem in your copy, rather than the symptom that the prospect is having. Because often, right, prospects don't know what the root cause is. They only know the symptom that they're having, and ultimately, they're trying to alleviate the symptom or symptoms that they're having, not the root cause. And so the symptoms are ultimately what the irritation or the issue, the, the, the, the, the main thing is that they no longer wanna have to deal with, we know what the root cause is, but they know and are aware, fully aware of what the symptom is or symptoms are, and that's what we want to, um, target. And so, well said.

Michael, anything that you would add, or No? Good. Okay. So everything that I'm about to say now going forward is based on this foundation of recognizing the value of selling specific narrow solutions to specific problems and, and obstacles. Well, once you have this, like, once you recognize that, then, and here is the big crux, then you approach the engineering of all your offers in your funnel as the fulfillment of one big outcome instead of taking one product.

So I want you to listen to me here for one second. So, and we've talked about this before, just I think with some different wording and phraseology here. So what I'm talking about ultimately to really just kind of sum up and give you the major takeaway, 'cause I'm gonna show you an example on the next, on the next slide. An example that I've used many times before, going back to one of our, um, one of our mastermind clients, is that what you don't wanna do is you don't wanna engineer a, you don't wanna, like what I'm talking about here, this up, this particular approach. And this isn't the only approach to engineering moneymaking funnels, right?

To use copy language. What I'm talking about here is engineering a funnel, a suite, a portfolio of offers that we deliver in the funnel that fulfill on one big outcome, and each of the offers themselves, right? Solve one step or one issue or one obstacle that contribute to the fulfillment of that one big outcome. Rather than having a bunch of products that each fulfill their own big outcome and separate outcomes, right? Their own big outcome and separate outcomes.

We're talking about looking at your funnel as the full path to fulfilling one big outcome rather than looking at individual products as the path to fulfill one big outcome. Because often what happens, guys, like, is this, this is really what I'm talking about, and I'm, you know, uh, uh, very often for what it's worth in the spirit of transparency, right? 'cause I'm, you know, I try to be as transparent as possible all the time. It's one of the things that I value most, right? 90% of the time.

There is some aspect of these weekly trainings that are a reminder to myself or that are a right, or that are based on a mistake that I've made, or something that I've overlooked, or something that I've moved away from, or something that I've neglected or something that is really top of mind for me each week. And it's top of mind for me because it's something that I'm addressing in my own approach, or when reviewing our frameworks and our processes and kind of seeing, Hey, you know what, I, I, I tweak this because of X, Y, Z, X, Y, and Z. And so this bullet really does apply to me, and that is, right, like what you don't really, ultimately, what you don't wanna do is you don't want to engineer a funnel offers in isolation of one another. This is why you probably don't remember. But when I did the training, and I, I did this a couple years ago, I think it, uh, and I, and I've done it a couple times since when I did the training, uh, and I've done this for you guys on the weekly, uh, marketing meeting.

I've done this for top one folks. Um, uh, I've done this when, as a guest presenter, uh, for folks when I've talked about before in the past, the, um, engineering and, uh, like when I've talked about an offer is composed of two major components, an attractive solution and an irresistible proposition, right? And that if you don't have an attractive solution, but you have a, you know, an irresistible proposition, right? People are still gonna turn that down, right? That the offer is not just about an irresistible proposition.

You, you need an irresistible proposition for an attractive solution, right? And I talked about that part of a, you know, part of a front end offer when in that training I talked about, I just added this on, I talked about ideally, you want your front end offer to be in alignment with the upsell. You want it to be congruent. And this natural part of this, right? You, you wanna engineer the core offer with the upsell in mind.

You don't want the upsell or the bump offer, or right. Upsell number two, let's just say to be an afterthought, right? That's when you get this, this disconnected disjointed funnel where, you know, you see conversion rates plummet, right? Where, like, it, where what you don't want to do is you don't want to have the core offer and then be like, all right, now what are we gonna offer in the bump offer? And what you certainly don't wanna do is you don't wanna say, all right, here's the core offer.

Now, what do we have done already that we can offer as the bump offer? Or what do we have done already that we can offer as the upsell? That's when you end up with these disjointed, disconnected offers that don't produce nearly as well. And then unfortunately, what happens is, and this is why we're still kind of in this, in this frame of talking about a OV, really, right? Because I'm giving three presentations at, uh, our upcoming top one mastermind experience about this one topic, right?

That right. Ultimately what happens is you've got disjointed, disconnected offers that are afterthoughts, right? That don't produce nearly as well, right? And because of that, your A OV is nowhere near where it should be or needs to be in order to have a scalable campaign, right? And so, remember that if you think about this in context, the bulk of A OV really ultimately should be coming from your transaction maximization offers your bump, offer, your upsell number one, and upsell number two, right?

Really bump offer and, and upsell number one for sure should be doing the heavy lifting. Well, oftentimes the reason why those offers don't do well in a campaign is because they're disconnected and disjointed, because they've been determined in isolation, and usually they've been determined as an afterthought. And, and take it to the extreme, they've been determined in isolation and as an afterthought, uh, and based on what it is that we already have done that we can throw in there. And that's a major mistake, right? That's a major mistake because all of those things in combination then impact our a OV keep our a OV down, which, you know, we've had many conversations about then, right?

Without the A OV where it needs to be. You don't have a, a scalable campaign or nearly as scalable as it could be. We talked about that. The whole game is really, is really, um, blowing up. A OV is really right, growing a OV, right?

That we have unlimited potential to grow a OV. And the higher we grow the A OV, the more scalable the campaign is, the more money we can pay per click, the more money, right? We can pay for a, for a lead. The, the higher our CPA could be, right? The worse our marketing could be really in terms of convert overall conversion rate, if the a OV is high enough, right?

Like, look, if we could afford to spend $500 to acquire a, you know, a buyer, because our A OV is 500 on the front, we're not gonna have a problem acquiring buyers, right? We're gonna be able to acquire buyers. If we can pay that volume of money, if all we can pay is 38 bucks to acquire a buyer, because that's what our a OV is, well, then we're gonna have an issue, right? And in most, in most markets, and John could really, you know, best speak to this better than I can, um, from running all, you know, running all this traffic, um, every month, is that right? Like most markets are gonna be far higher than $38, you know, to acquire a, uh, a buyer.

And so that's the overall context of what we're talking about. So we don't wanna engineer these offers in isolation. We wanna engineer them together. You almost don't want to, uh, and right, and believe it or not, you know, I'm, it's crazy to say that I'm, I'm working on a big campaign that will be ready in a couple of months. Uh, and the campaign from A to Z is being worked on before the, the planning of it is being worked on before a single page is being set up before a single piece of copy is being written.

And so what is the core offer, right? What is the core topic of that core product? Um, what is the problem that's solving? Same thing with the bump, same thing with upsell number one, same thing with upsell number two, looking at it as one seamless kind of, um, excuse me, um, um, process to provide one big, uh, one big outcome. And so ultimately, the way that I have really been thinking about this is start with the result or that big outcome, that one big outcome that the prospect wants, and then break it down into the steps needed to get there.

And in this context, the steps needed to get there is really the, goes back to bullet number one, is really the specific narrow, um, you know, problems and obstacles that need to be overcome. In other words, ultimately when I say start with the end result, start with the one big outcome, and then break it down into the specific problems and obstacles or the specific, the, the specific, um, things that need to occur, actions that need to occur for the prospect to experience that one big overarching result. Outcome. Does that make sense? Yeah.

Michael, does that make sense? You sure? Yeah, Absolutely. Yeah. Okay.

So let me, let me show you what I mean with a, a real world example. This was a client, uh, who was in our, our mastermind and who came in and spent the day with me a couple of years ago, a few years ago now, um, in West Palm Beach. And I want to, I wanna show you this, and first I'm gonna show you the steps or the real, the, I'm gonna show you the, the, the offers and the steps, and then I'm going to sum it up with the one big outcome. So let's look at this. So one funnel, one fulfilled outcome.

So let's take this core product, how to set up a website. This particular client was teaching, uh, and I believe that he's still selling this, how to set up your website with WordPress. And it was everything that you really needed to know. I, and I've simplified the, the promise. Obviously this was everything you needed to know to have your own, um, website set up, publishing live on the internet, right?

And so it, and what ultimately he was teaching was how to do this with WordPress, how to, you know, set up all the SEO how to all the plugins necessary, like how to upload the graphics, like, right? And this was obviously a do it yourself for a person who, um, um, uh, was not gonna hire an agency or anything like that. No design, right? They were doing it themselves. So call it like a solopreneur, if you will.

And that was the, the, the core product. Well, I, we've talked about this in prior trainings. Well, right? So what, what do you think? So once you, what, what do you need?

Like, what's the next step that somebody, that somebody needs? So they've got a website, right? Like, think about for one second, and just think about for one second what somebody ultimately wants, let's say a solopreneur, what they ultimately want. What's the ultimate outcome or the big outcome? Think about, just think about it for one second.

You may be wrong in what the, in the outcome that, that this guy was targeting, but my gut tells me that you, you, it's pretty, uh, common sense here, right? And so based on this, so now that you've got a, like, look, if I said, well, now that you've got a website, like a, a beautiful website published live on the internet, right? Like your domain name, it's optimized, it's set up, it's beautiful. What's the next thing that you need If you want to get people to see it, Right? So you need traffic, right?

Traffic, you both said the same exact thing. You're absolutely right. Now, let's just say that that could be the bump offer, how to get traffic to the website. And so once you've got one, right, that could be the upsell, right? I'm just putting it in here.

I don't, you know, and I don't remember where, but that is the, um, let's call that the bump offer. Okay? So now you've got a website live, right? It's on the internet, it's beautiful, it's optimized the whole nine, and now you're getting traffic to your website. What do you need next?

You need to convert that traffic, Let's just say. So you need to convert that traffic. So let's say that we teach them how to turn traffic into leads, right? So all things lead generation. So here you could be teaching, you know, lead magnet, you could be teaching, you know, uh, um, what do you call them?

The, the content bumps or whatever you call them. Like, right? Like you could be teaching them all the strategies, content upgrades. Content upgrades, exactly. Thank you, John.

You know, you could be teaching them all the strategies and tactics, giving them the tools, the, the, the plugins for the website, um, all that stuff as part of the, how to get traffic to the website. You could be teaching them how to get traffic, how to get traffic from different platforms. If you wanted, you could be teaching them the, the, the tracking of that, the measuring of that, all with the WordPress site, right? Like how to create links with your WordPress site, like all, you know, all that kind of stuff. And then of course, all the lead generation stuff.

And then, okay, so great, now you got you. Awesome. You got a website, it's published, it's live, it's beautiful thing, looks great, it's optimized. It'll probably at some point show up, right? You understand how to publish content, all that.

You also now know and understand how to get traffic. Maybe you're getting traffic, you know, you can get traffic from Facebook, you get traffic from YouTube, you know how to track it, you know how to quantify it. Now, you also know how to turn that traffic into leads. Well, what comes next? How to convert leads into sales, right?

Right. How to convert leads into sales. And what do you have here? How to get, how to, how to set up a website, how to get traffic, how to generate, how to turn that traffic into leads, and then how to turn those leads into sales. You get one seamless fulfilled outcome of how to have your own money making website generating sales for you every day.

But the thing is, is that there wa, and this is important, this is the important thing, right? There was a time when, right, like look, and, and there, there still is to some capacity, but there was a time when, right? Like these type of products and programs sold extremely well. The, the complete package, the complete program, the whole, right? The whole, the whole nine, um, today, right?

In our space, the, the, you know, it is much easier to sell the specific and narrow solution to the specific problem and, and, and solution than it is, I'm not saying like this guy could have a whole, like, he could have a whole entire package that consists of, um, all of these. But on the front end, one of the things that I would test is I would test this process because I would lower the barrier of entry to get the yes, I would lower it, right? I'd be able to lower the price point on the first product, narrow it, right? And I would use the bump offer or upsell one, upsell two, to jack up the overall transaction size. Um, and you make it very easy.

You make it, you make it harder to say, um, no to these things than you do. Yes. Because each of these things are necessary to get the outcome that the prospect wants. And so, there you go. That's all I wanted to share with you today.

Anything to add to this, or what would you add, or what questions would you ask? 'cause Michael, I could see your wheels spinning. Well, only because I talked to so many of our clients, you know, with the, the coaching thing, but, um, one thing that a lot of them tend to do is they'll have an offer with, like, in their mind. They, they, they have for, for example, this guy here with how to set up a website. So he'll have different courses and then he'll have, um, you know, cheat sheets and he'll have, you know, all of these deliverables.

And from that he'll, um, a lot of them, what they'll do is they'll decide, okay, how can I divide this up so that I have, you know, an upsell one and an upsell two, and which can I use for the bump offer? And they, they don't really think about what you just said. You know, you, you structure it so that, you know, it makes sense. So each one of these is almost like a step, you know? Yeah.

I mean, it, it's, I I guess I'm just agreeing with you. I like it. I love it. I love the comment. I like when You agree with me, it's a precautionary sort of comment that it, it's what, it's easy to do that, to take everything you have and just sort of like divide it up into a lot of different offers.

And that's not the, the best way of going about it. Yeah. I, I think you're, you know, you're, you're absolutely right. Especially 'cause you agree with me. Um, and so, no, but, uh, all kidding aside, I think a couple things, uh, you know, a couple of, you know, uh, where to exhibit some caution with when doing what it is that you said they're doing.

So a couple things. So, um, what we're not advocating for is we're not advocating for selling incomplete solutions at any one step, right? And that's, that's really important. So, you know, you, you know, if you take a, if you take one solution, let's just say, and you divide it into pieces, what you have to make sure of, right? And first of all, I wouldn't approach it that way.

What I, I would approach it from, I would approach it in, in reverse rather than just, you know, saying like, Hey, can I, where can I, or how can I divide up this course? Um, is each thing has to be complete in and of itself and has to address a single kind of step. Or you, you could make the argument that there is an outcome in, right? Like, there is an outcome, there is a result in each one of these, right? And each one of these in isolation could be sold.

So in other words, right? Like when we say how to set up a website, we're not, we're not leaving anything out of that by the time they're done, if they just go through that product, they will have everything they need to know and understand and do to have their own beautiful, gorgeous website live on the internet. And that's done and it's solved. So it's not incomplete in any way, shape, or form, but if they only buy that, what is incomplete is their knowledge to get the ultimate outcome that they want. So it's not that the product is incomplete, it's that their knowledge is incomplete to be able to get the outcome they want.

And so same thing with when we say how to get traffic, right? We're gonna include everything they need to know. What we're not gonna do is we're not gonna do a, you know, how to get traffic to the website. What I wouldn't do is how to get, you know, how to start getting traffic to the website and then have an upsell that's like, you know, um, let's say more, more ways to, to get traffic. Because to me, I just find that very difficult to sell.

Like, because ultimately what you're communicating kind of subconsciously is that, is that what you gave me is not enough for me to get the traffic that I want. Because if it was enough, then why are you offering more? So now I feel like what I bought was inadequate, uh, for what it is that I'm going after. Whereas here, I love this because it, right? Like, look, it's an easy argument to make for somebody what, to be able to say to them, let's say for the upsell that like, you know what I mean?

Like, look, it's one thing to have a site and it's one thing to be getting traffic, it's another thing altogether, right? To understand how to turn those into leads, right? How to actually capture their contact information when you can do that, right? Because without being able to turn those into leads, right? Then all you have is this destination that people come to, and no way to follow up with them, no way to communicate ongoing with them, right?

You don't own that anymore, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I could sell them on this idea of the value is in the list and all that. That's a very easy argument for me to make, right? Like, and it's a strong argument to make. And the same thing with, you know, the converting leads into sales.

You know, like, look, you know, it's a very easy argument for me to be able to say to somebody like, look, it's one thing to have a website and, you know, be getting traffic and generating leads, but if you don't know how to turn those things into actual buyers, then right? Then where's the money coming from? Right? Like the single most important step, right? Is being able to generate money, right?

That's an easy argument for me to make. And I think that for what it's worth on a personal node, right? I always like, look, when it comes to funnels, when it comes to offers, when it comes to the sequences, I need to have conviction that I, that what I say is not only true and accurate, but I'm passionate about it and it's easy for me to demonstrate the value, right? And this to me, for each of these is an easy way, like I can easily demonstrate the value for this. But if we swapped out, you know, upsell number one currently with like more advanced traffic methods, that's a difficult, like, I'm, I don't have the same conviction because again, of what I said that like, I just sold them something on traffic.

And so was that not adequate? Was that not enough? And what am I gonna say? Like, do they need the advanced stuff now? Well, if, if the answer is yes, they need the advanced stuff now, then I feel a little slimy and icky that I didn't include it in the original traffic thing.

Like, it's almost like I sold them on something, but they really need more. And I held that back to then sell. Like, I don't feel good about it. And so I have to feel good about the argument that I'm gonna make, right? Or the, the message that I'm gonna communicate, it has to make sense to me.

It has to feel good to me, it has to, right? Like, and I don't want to ever make the prospect feel like what I sold them was inadequate, that I held something back on purpose to make more money from them. I just personally do not want to do that. I have to be able to talk with conviction about everything that I'm gonna talk about, or it comes through loud and clear in my copy in the way I deliver it, that, uh, like, I don't know, maybe you should buy this, maybe you shouldn't, I don't know. Like that sort of thing.

And so, does that make sense? Very simple, very simple way to really, to really just think about it, very simple way to approach it. Very simple way to create offers in a campaign transaction maximization offers that are really, that are really harder to say no to than yes. Because if you say no to these, then what? Like, in other words then what?

For the prospect, like if they ultimately want a moneymaking website that's generating sales for them every day, for them to say no to traffic, like, then well how, what are you gonna do? And how are you gonna get there? And so we've made it harder for them to say no than it is to say yes. And so, um, there you go. And so think about it, simple way to create, uh, like I said, a full, a full campaign, full suite of offers, uh, uh, without creating these offers in isolation, creating them together, uh, as one, you know, as one seamless kind of almost, almost looking at it as that the, the, the, i I would say, I'll leave you with this, I'm gonna say this out loud and I think that this is accurate, almost looking at all these offers together as they could be together, one product that that delivers an ultimate outcome.

If you look at, right, like that final slide that I put up there, you could have all four of those offers together in one product and make that promise, how to have a money making website generating sales for you every day because we've included everything in there. But instead, based on today's environment, sophistication, the evolution of the marketplace, right? We're choosing to break it down into narrow specific solutions to specific problems, um, that all line up together to deliver that one big outcome. And so, there you go. That's all she wrote for today.

Appreciate you guys hanging out. Have an amazing day. If you guys need anything, slack me. If not, I'll see you next week. Okay?

Thanks Todd. You got it.
