---
title: "cc_ 2024-12-17"
date: 2024-12-17
duration: 31m
duration_seconds: 1905
vimeo_id: 1040132860
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-12-17

**Date:** 2024-12-17 | **Duration:** 31m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right. So today what we're gonna talk about is, and we're, we're gonna go through examples are little, tiny differences in word choice and the impact that they can have. One word changing, one word in the copy, and how that can have a significant impact. And we're gonna go through kind of, we're gonna go through, I think, four or five examples. And they're really look at these as four or five different e examples of categories that, uh, where small words, one word, one word change, can have a, an, an impact on the copy.

So let me go ahead and do this. Let me share my screen. And really what I want from you, you guys, is I want you to participate today in that I'm gonna bring up these examples, and I want you to tell me what the difference, the difference is. The difference is, I don't mean the difference, the difference between the sentences. 'cause you're gonna see, I bolded the word, uh, but I want you to tell me the difference in terms of impact of the copy, in terms of, in some instances, what's actually being communicated in one, in one version versus the other version.

And, uh, and so let's just go through this. So first, the, the, the little title of this, this training is, little differences in Word Choice can have a big Impact. So let's just start with playing around with the title for a second of this training. And what's the difference between this? So let me write, little differences in word choice can have a big impact.

Little differences in word choice will have a big impact. Little differences in word choice have a big impact. So in the last version, this one's a little different from the rest of the examples that we're gonna see in that the, the word is removed all together from here. What's the difference in what's being communicated? Like, what's the difference?

You know, because often I share this because, you know, you've heard me say before, and, and I believe it wholeheartedly, right? There's no throwaway words that a single word in a sentence can change the, not just the meaning of a sentence, but can change the underlying message being communicated. And remember, I think it was la we've touched on this numerous times, but last week we, we touched on the fact that like, look, the most important thing is in copy, is what are we actually communicating to the prospect? Not what are we intending to communicate, not what we believe we're communicating, not how well a sentence or statement or a paragraph is written. Not how well the copy flows, not how well it's packed with the right power verbs.

Um, not with, you know, uh, taking out adjectives and averages. All those things are kind of tools that we use in our toolbox, ultimately to create a message where we communicate what it is that we wanna communicate in the most impactful way possible. And so, right word choice matters. Every little word, um, plays a role. Some words more than others.

So, um, let's just take, to make this, this exercise for this, this slide. Uh, just take the first bullet and the last bullet. What's the difference between what's being communicated? Little differences in word choice can have a big impact. Little differences in word choice have a big impact.

What would you say? Certainty. Certainty. Certainty. Yeah.

It's a great, it's a great way to, to put it. One is right, like the possibility of the, the, the consequence or the result, right? One is a possibility, which means that it's possible that my, that my word choice isn't having a big impact if I'm choosing the, the, the, the wrong word. Let's just say the, the right. And so this one is much more about, right, is like Teddy said, is certainty, is the fact that little, little differences in word choice do have a big impact, right?

Certain, whereas over here, it's a possibility. And if there's the possibility of it having a big impact, there's also the possibility of it not having a big impact. And so I want you to take something like this, and I want you to look at, right? If you are marketing a system, a process, a methodology, and you were using can, this can fix the problem, this can, right? You have to be careful that you're not using a word that could make people think, well, maybe it won't for me.

Maybe my situation is different. Maybe my circumstance is different. Maybe this isn't the answer. It sounds like this is a possible answer, or a possible solution, or it sounds like in, in some instances, this is possibly the problem that I'm having, right? Which means that it's possible that it's not the problem that I'm having, it's possible that this isn't the solution that's gonna work for me.

And so that little one word can change the feel and what is ultimately being communicated. Anything that anybody wants to add to this, Todd, would you, could you also say that you could use words like can to soften the copy so you're not like, making definitive statements that they may or may not like sit well with her Mo? Most certainly. And so this is where it goes back to, right? And I think I, I said this, I might have even said this last week as well, but I've said this numerous times, you know, it's, don't ever look at any copy principle as black and white all the time.

Meaning never use the word can, right? Like always be be be certain. That's not what, that's not what I'm saying at all. But I, i just more than anything, right? I that a lot of that is a little bit in, you know, uh, intuitive at times with certain claims in certain ways.

But what I want you to realize more than anything, what I just want you to be aware of with this training is I want you to be aware of the difference in what is ultimately being communicated. And this is where you gotta go a level deeper, beyond just the words that are in front of us here, right? Like, what does this mean to the prospect? What could this mean? What could they be thinking?

How are they, how are they viewing this? What's their confidence level with what it is that I'm, that I'm saying based on, on word choice, based on how I'm presenting it? And so, uh, you have to just be aware of that, those, those little things make sense, but that's a great point. John, anything else? Adida?

Michael? Anybody else have anything to add? No. Pretty straightforward. Here is, I certainly on the next slide, I couldn't have this presentation without including the classic.

And so what's the difference here? Ease. Ease. Why did You say one is applying work? The other one is kind of, it's like put more music in your life that's on you to do it, versus puts music in your life.

It's kind of done for you, John. You're unfair. You know, this like the back of your hand. Uh, and so John is, is absolutely right, right? This came, this comes from, this was, I'll never forget this.

This was the example that, uh, I believe it was Dan Kennedy gave years ago. He said it was an accidental, the legend is that it was an accidental typo in the headline for like TDK cassettes or whatever it was at the time. I don't remember exactly, and it was supposed to be put music in your life, but it, they ended up printing it as puts music in your life. And the response rate was like several hundred percent, uh, um, increase. And right, the difference is, and we've talked about this before, this is the idea of pluralizing the verb where it it conveys that the actual thing is doing the work for you.

You then become a passive recipient of the benefit. So you don't have to do anything other than let the product, let the service, let the methodology, the framework do its thing. It does the work for you and it produces the result for you. Whereas this is requiring you to take the action. And this is, this is something, this is a principle from the, the, the, the day that I saw this and got it and was like, wow, look at the difference in what is really ultimately being communicated here.

Like in this one. It's, I don't do anything. I just use the product. I use the thing and it produces the result for me. Whereas over here, I'm the one doing the, the, the, the work, so to speak.

Um, in order to reap the this, I use this as often as I possibly can, where it's true and believable, where it's true and believable. And so huge difference right here. This is one of those like big time, uh, pluralizing the, um, the verb, especially when we're talking about the mechanism, like I tend to, right? It's always when I'm talking about the mechanism working, right? It solves your problem.

It fixes your, your problem. It gets you more this rather than you get, rather than use this and get, it's, this gets you, this solves for you, this fixes. And so I'm constantly going to, um, to that. Anybody have anything to add? It's pretty straightforward.

We probably talked about this a bunch. This is a, this is one of those, like use this out the wazoo. The next one, um, is, uh, came from these, the, the golf guys that I was working with. And here it is. What's the difference?

Uh, and the beauty is this can easily be fixed with a simple Swede a uh, simple speed apex sequence. It's like something that you do with the, with the, when you're swinging the golf club. I don't know. I don't golf. And so just something you do when you're practicing, it's a, it's a flow with the, with the golf club.

Beauty is, it can easily be fixed with a simple speed apex sequence. And the beauty is this can easily be fixed with the simple speed apex sequence. What's the difference between these? This one is another one that like, can absolutely, um, slip through the cracks. And there is a difference.

There is one is an absolute significant difference. One is one of many potentially. And the other is, well, there's only one John. We're gonna, we're gonna be done in about six minutes now, John. Um, that is absolutely spot on, right?

That is absolutely spot on. That's the difference. The difference is that in the first one with a simple speed apex sequence, this is one of many, this is one of many. And so what you're not offering or what you're not talking about is something that is proprietary. You're not creating this one.

All roads lead to you one road to right to, to solve the problem, because it's one of many versus the only, right? The, this is the only one. And so really, really important. This, the, the, the first one just makes you one of many options. The second one is right there is only one.

The this one. Does that make sense? I don't wanna go on unless you guys, 'cause this was really the whole, this whole, uh, honestly, this whole training today stemmed from this how this one little word change, uh, and the can have a huge impact, right? And you do this enough times throughout the copy when you're talking about your methodology or your sequence, right? Like, uh, and you totally take away from that proprietary positioning.

You totally take away from that. All roads lead to you, you totally take away from, right? Like, you've got one way to fix this. We're creating the perception and belief that there's one solution that, that there's one superior solution to this one. Not a number, not a right, not a one of many, so to speak.

Anything anybody would add? No. Okay. Let's look at this one. This one, the next one is somewhat of a different category.

It's a shift. And, and I'm gonna explain what I mean in a second. So you'll learn how to save at least 32,000 in federal taxes this year, versus you'll know how to save at least 32,000 in federal taxes this year. Now, most common, the most common comparison that you see, and I just wanna talk about the common comparison first before we talk about this here, is you'll learn verse, you'll discover, right? You'll learn verse, you'll discover Why, why in the copywriting world has the word discover been more favorable than learned?

It takes a lot of work to learn something. Well, I mean, you could say that it, right? It takes a lot of work to learn something. You could also say that the word discover just has a kind of simpler, quicker feel to it, right? And so it just feels, you know, simpler and, and quicker than does learn.

Uh, and so, but what about this, the difference between these two? What do you think, Teddy? Uh, it, it's future pacing. It's a great way to put it. And it's future pacing what The outcome, right?

So like, like learning how to save, okay? So I could, I could learn how, how to save it, even if I learn it doesn't mean I'll know it, right? To a certain degree. Like, yeah, Yeah, that's a great way to put it. I like that it's future pacing.

You know, this is an instance like, you know, certainly o obviously a real future pace. Like, uh, you know, a, a full future pace, I should really say is right. You'll save at least thir 32,000 on federal taxes, you know, this year. But if you're talking about, let's just say, you know, uh, on the webinar, you know, or on this training or throughout this training, you're gonna, you're gonna learn how to do X, Y, Z and you wanna ultimately talk about the content or the material being presented, you can still shift from, um, you know, the, this idea of you're gonna learn how to do this versus you're gonna know how to do this, right? Like, you can still, it's not a complete future pace, but it's certainly getting closer to the end result that they want, rather than further away from the result that they want.

Make sense? Mm-hmm. Anybody have anything else to add to this? No. Uh, okay.

Um, there was one other comment that I wanted to make on this. I should have marked it it down when I was doing this slide. Oh, so one thing that, uh, I've seen before, this is a little bit, this is more of a structural thing, is every now and then you see a bullet or a headline written, like, uh, you'll, uh, you'll discover some, something along these lines. This isn't exactly it, but hopefully you'll get the point, right? Like, uh, discover, uh, dis let me just say it this way.

This isn't, this isn't a perfect example, but, you know, uh, discover how to learn how to save at least 32,000 in federal taxes this year. Discover how to learn, right? Uh, to save at least, uh, 32,000 in federal taxes this year. Not only grammatically is it just banged up, but do you see what the discovering discover how to learn to save at least 32,000 in federal taxes this year? Do you see how the, what are you ultimately discovering?

Discover how to learn to save 32,000 in federal taxes this year. Think about this for one, discover how to learn to save 32,000 in federal taxes this year. What are you discovering How to learn to Do it? Correct? Correct.

Right? That's the difference, right? That, and I've seen this more times than right, than, uh, you would believe, right? That what you're ultimately discovering is how to learn rather than discovering how to save, right? Like, or discovering the system.

Like it's discover how to learn to save, right? And the emphasis is in the wrong spot. Does that make sense to everybody? Alright, this one, not sure why the animation is still on here. If you get your book today, the first thing you'll notice is X, Y, z.

Versus when you get your book today, the first thing you'll notice is X, Y, Z. What's the difference? Adidas? He Supposes that. They're certainty.

Yeah. John, do you want to take over the presentation at this point? Um, no, go ahead, Adida. What, what was that? Yeah, It's similar.

So certainty, it, I, I, I would say that, I would say that what John, you know, John said it presupposes that you're going ahead, right? It's, it's typically what's called, you know, in selling, assuming the sale, right? Mm-hmm. And this is when usually this kind of language for me comes into play during the offer presentation part, really, um, you know, during the CTA part, right? Assuming that, right?

Like assuming that I've, I've, I've proven the point to you assuming that, that you get it, assuming that you're moving forward with this, assuming that you've made the decision, right? Um, and you could make the argument a little bit that this is somewhat of a future pace. Like when your book, when you get your book today, or when your book arrives, the first thing you wanna do is, uh, blah, blah, blah. Or when you, when your book arrives, some, sometimes I do it, like, I'll, I'll do something like, uh, assuming the sale with a future pace and a benefit, right? When you know, when your book arrives or when you, when you first open your book, the first thing you'll notice is that it's extremely comprehensive in depth and covers everything for you from A to Z.

So, you'll wanna be prepared to take some notes, which is why I've included your action guide for you. See how I, I I, I'm assuming the sale, I'm using a little bit of a future pace. I'm weaving in a benefit that it's, it's in depth and it covers everything from A to A to Z for you. But because of the structure, because I said it like, so you'll wanna be prepared to, to take some notes. It almost seemed like my focus in that little blurb was you want to be prepared to take some notes because it's so comprehensive and whatnot.

But there's a lot of underlying stuff at play that is a ultra slick under the cover kind of, you know, slipping stuff into the copy. Uh, again, assuming the sale, little future pace, weaving in benefit even then, right? So that you'll wanna be, so you'll wanna be prepared to take some notes and attaching it to, which is why I've also included the action guide for you. See? Do you guys get that?

You get the little right, the little, all those little things at at play in that. Yeah. Really valuable. Anybody have anything to add to that? No.

No, Not, I, I just, one thing I I think anytime I see the word, if I, a red flag always goes off in my head, you know, because why? Well, that, that implies that it might not happen. Whatever that if is, you know what I mean? So, I mean, sometimes it's, it's appropriate, you know? But I, yep.

That's just one of those words that when I see it, I always stop, I always pause and, you know, examine it as closely as I can, you know, with a lot of thought before moving on. That's interesting. Do you, does anybody else feel that way? Yeah. Yeah.

That's interesting. It's funny how, you know, uh, you know, I, I, I think I, I mean, I'm so sensitive to, you know, when I'm reading, I'm kind of reading, you know, with dual perspectives at the same, at the same time. But I, for me, it's, uh, you know, in the right context, it can sometimes feel, um, like it lacks confidence a little bit, the copy. Yeah. Some sometimes, right?

Like, in other words, like, I'm not sure if I've convinced you yet, or I'm not sure if this is convincing, or I'm not sure if you see the value, or, I'm not sure if I've been clear. And so if you, um, if you decide to get your book today, um, so not always, but, but sometimes po more important than anything is just recognizing one word change and the difference. Yeah. And we'll finish with one that, um, I've covered before. This is a different category.

And so when you take your shirt off, you won't feel embarrassed anymore. When you take your shirt off, you won't feel humiliated anymore. It's the difference. I'm not saying that until this time. Yeah, please don't, John de de degree of suffering.

Yeah. I mean, right? Like this is, this is probably, and let me give credit where credit is due. Uh, I saw this example many, many moons ago from John Carlton, great copywriter, right? And just, you know, it was John really that convinced me of the value of power verbs of choosing the right, the right verb, right?

And in the right, not every single verb, right? But certainly when you know, whether it's the headline, whether it's subheads, or whether it's, when you're making a major point, a major takeaway, you really want to think through what is the most powerful word or verb that I can use in here. You know? Um, excuse me. And it's funny because, uh, let me see, um, this is, you could see I still have this thing, this thing is tattered and worn.

I don't know, John, if you have a PDF version of this, or if you guys have ever seen this, this was, you see this thing as like water damaged, and I don't even know what's going on here. This was created, um, this was part of Clayton make pieces, um, I think today it's called the quick start copy. It used to be called the desktop copy thing. This was written by or created by Tony Flores. So one of the guys that was at Copy Legends.

And it is words that are just emotional trigger, uh, trigger words, uh, and emotionally charged. And I think that's a better way of saying emotionally charged words, emotionally charged, um, phrases. And there's tons of stuff online that you can use, uh, you know, uh, that, that do what this does. Uh, but the point is, is that you're looking for, right? You're looking for the most emotionally charged word.

Remember that we've said that certainly with, you know, with headlines, yeah. We're tapping into an emotion. We're trying to, part of what it is that we're doing is we're trying to trigger an emotion. That emotion could be a negative one, it can be a positive one. And so, right, think about the word choice, the words that you are using, and are they as effective as they could be in eliciting or triggering that, that word choice, you know, that there are certain words, there are words in our, in our lexicon, even new words kind of today that are triggering for, that are more triggering than other words.

And so we always wanna look for the word that is the most powerful, emotionally charged word that we can use. I'm not saying every verb in every sentence, that's not what I'm saying at all. But I'm saying in the, in the headline, in the promise, in the, in the major points, right? We wanna think through which is the right word to use, because one can elicit a deeper emotion, uh, a different emotion. Um, you know, you could embarra you could use, uh, ashamed, uh, like, right?

Like, you think about the difference between if we took out embarrassed and we said we put in, um, awkward versus humiliated, like the difference in, in feel, the difference in emotional impact. When you take your shirt off, you won't feel awkward anymore. Versus when you take your shirt off, you won't feel humiliated anymore. Like, ooh, there's a huge difference in that. And I'm not saying that one is better than the other.

In, in general, across the board, you have to understand the context. You have to understand the audience, you have to understand the emotion that you're trying to, um, trigger. And then you have to understand the emotions and feelings associated with each word. Make sense? It's very similar to what, what, what's common.

What what I see often is in the financial space, uh, when they talk about, let's say how government or big Wall Street brokerage brokerages are, let's say, you know, um, stealing money from you, right? The different words that they use, like, you know, you know, robbing you, you know, pilfering your money, you know, like words that just make you wanna fight rather than, you know, they're just, they're taking money from you versus like, they're, they'll, they're swiping money from you, they're pilfering money from your account, right? Like, it just has a different feel, a different vibe, a different emotional impact, right? And so the way that we respond to the copy is different from a different word. Make sense?

Anybody have anything to add? Like I said, that was quick. You could all thank John for that. Uh, anybody have anything to add or an additional kind of example or category that you think is important? No.

So we covered, right, the power verbs. We covered the difference between like, uh, further along or closer to the, um, closer to the result. Over here, we talked about the difference one of many versus being the only option. Over here we talked about pluralizing, the, um, the verb one. Doing that, doing the work for you, you being a passive recipient of the benefit versus the feel of you having to do the work.

We talked, uh, and of course we started off by talking about, you know, certainty, the possibility of something having an impact versus something having an impact. Anybody el else have anything to add? I think the anyone that would probably, that's, that's really obvious to, to, to most people is the using the word you instead of using like, you know, something else, but that, that, like, that's, know, we've covered that a lot before as well. Yeah. I mean, I, I think you know, it, it's so funny because as crazy as it sounds for, for what it's worth, and again, just 'cause I was so knee deep with these, these golf guys for the last handful of weeks, just seeing how many opportunities in, in the copy we had the chance to work in you, even though it wasn't necessary, right?

Like, even though it wasn't necessary to include in there, like, it didn't necessarily change the meaning of the sentence, but it kept the emphasis on the prospect, right? And so rather than going these long, these long chunks, uh, these long chunks of copy, without going back to, uh, without, you're right. Oh, Teddy bounced. Um, without going back to, um, long chunks of copy without referencing back to you, you will, yours, your right, you can lose attachment to, right? You can lose attachment to this is about me, this is about my life, this is about my problem, this is about my solution, like me fixing it.

This is, this is about, um, this is about me in line with that. It's kind of interesting for what it's worth, very quickly, just since John mentioned the you, your, uh, principle, right? Like, I, I will work that in wherever I almost, wherever I can work in you, you or you will, even when it's unnecessary in the sentence I work it in. Also, one other little point is if you are, excuse me, or when you are talking to, if you are, when you are, you see that when you are, look at that. Did you see how I just, uh, guys, you're not picking up on this stuff here.

I'm teaching you, I'm teaching you while I'm teaching you. This is meta, this is deep right here. When you are talking to a particular niche, like let's say, um, senior golfers, uh, I also will regularly refer back to things like for you as a senior golfer for a guy, like, you know, for folks like us that are senior golfers, da, da, da, da, right? Like, so I don't like it. It's interesting that oftentimes we start off in the lead really like, you know, it's true for, you know, for folks like us senior golfer, for somebody like you is a senior golfer, you wanna da da da.

And what you're gonna see here is the perfect way for any senior golfer to drive, da, da da, da, da. And then we end up going into the argument portion, and we often then neglect referring back to, for you, like, we'll, this is, this is a perfect way for you to add, you know, 50 yards to your drive. I will work in, uh, um, as a senior golfer, this is the perfect way for you to add, right? Or for senior golfers, this is the perfect way to add 50 yards. Or this is the perfect way to add 50 yards to your drive.

Um, when you're a senior golfer, as a senior golfer, I work that back in to once again, regularly remind them that this is customized and specific for them, for their niche, right? For their, for, for their, uh, you know, tribe, so to speak. And so I'm regularly working you, your, and I'm regularly working back in, uh, senior g senior gov. The niche, the niche, the niche, so that I'm reminding them it's for you. And I'm reminding them that this is for their audience, for their market.

You get it? And so, does that make sense? Some of those things are, they don't change, again, they don't change the meaning of a sentence, but they're reminding the prospect again, of this is custom. This is for you. This is specific for you, and this will have an impact on you, your life, your game, blah, blah, blah.

And so really important. But there you go. That's all she wrote for today. Just think about it. Word choice.

These little words mean, you know, like, mean something. It's, it's, these little words mean something and make it have a big impact if you're unaware of what it is that you're strategically trying to communicate in any given sentence. Cool. All right, cool. You guys are outta here.

Oh, before I forget, lemme do this.
