---
title: "cc_ 2025-07-29"
date: 2025-07-29
duration: 26m
duration_seconds: 1576
vimeo_id: 1105541345
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2025-07-29

**Date:** 2025-07-29 | **Duration:** 26m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

So I wanna do something cool with you guys that, uh, we're gonna actually look at a few slides from the original E five, um, camp training. Now, the reason why I wanna share this with you guys is because I was recently doing a training with some, uh, some of our copywriters, uh, and, um, and I covered what it is that we're gonna cover today, which is related to marketplace sophistication, immature marketing message, uh, messages and whatnot, because this is something that I don't think that we, we've talked about in a while. And I think that while this is gonna be nothing new to you, E five wizards on here, I think that this is a good review and a good reminder to make sure that we're always, um, rock solid on the, um, on the, the campaign message, the right campaign message for the audience that we are going after. So, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna share my screen and then go to, uh, to, um, this bad boy over here. And so you guys can see my screen.

Mm-hmm. Okay. So I just wanna start with this, right? This is gonna be nothing new for you guys, obviously. Uh, this is, this is going back to the, I believe this is the original from the original E five, um, camp training.

But, you know, the first thing, I just wanna, I wanna lay the foundation, right? So, um, so actually we're gonna go right here. And so, right, we know the promise exposure spectrum. We know that this is right. This comes from the work that Eugene Schwartz did referring to marketplace sophistication, right?

And we know right from this, that markets evolve over time, that as markets are exposed to more and more marketing messages, more and more sales messages, more and more, um, offers and whatnot that they evolve and what they respond to changes over time, right? And so, just as a quick ultra fast recap, we know that, right? If we are in, if we are ultimately making a promise that nobody else in the marketplace is making, we don't need a whole big, uh, to do, we don't need a big idea, we don't need a unique mechanism. We can go with a very direct promise based, uh, um, campaign lead and campaign, right? When we are at level one of sophistication, that right?

Is that means when we are right, when we are making a promise that nobody else is making. Now, just as a side note, this was a question, this was a point that I just want you to ponder and understand. This was a question that somebody asked me, very sharp marketer at the, um, at the stage five, um, bootcamp. And we're gonna talk about stage five in just a, in just a couple minutes. You know, he, I don't remember the exact question, but it was like, um, you know, can a new offer, uh, a new product or a new offer, uh, uh, change the sophistication level, if you will, of the audience?

Or in other words, can you have one product that the, the message, um, is like a level three message and another product, a new product, where the message is a level one, um, message? And that's a very savvy question, because the answer is yes. And so what I want you to think about is that the marketplace evolves in terms of sophistication as it relates to certain promises. And so it's much more promise based, rather than just the market as a whole. So you could come out with a new product, uh, an innovative product, a disruptive product, uh, and make a promise that they've never been presented with before, right?

And ultimately, you're right back here in terms of your, your message. The way that I really want you to think about this is right, like, is what, is what, what, what is the approach to the marketing message that you're going to use? That's the way that I want you to think about it. If you can make a promise, and you're the only one making the promise, nobody else in the marketplace is making the promise, then you can just roll with that. I would call that a level one marketing message, rather than, right?

Rather than just saying, oh, well, this is an unsophisticated marketplace. It's not that it's an unsophisticated marketplace or a sophisticated marketplace. It is their level of sophistication based on the promise that you are making. And so, right? But we know what happens over time is what happens in almost every marketplace, which is that as it relates to that promise, uh, the, the marketplace begins to respond less and less.

So what marketers do is they then would, in this case, create a level two marketing message. Level two marketing message is where they just expand on the promise. They just enlarge the promise. They make it bigger, right? And so instead of, you'll get one new client a week, it's, you'll get five new clients a week instead of, uh, you know, I'm gonna get you, you, you'll get eight clients.

It's, you'll get 15 clients, so you'll get 20 clients. So you, you'll get 50 clients a month, whatever it is, it's just the promise of result is being expanded. That's how at this stage or with this kind of message, you're able to overcome that level one kind of blindness as it relates to that promise. But we know what happens at level two or with a level two message, uh, is eventually reach a point where the claims have either been enlarged so much that they're either not true or just not believable, at which point, right? You can no longer compete by simply enlarging the claim, because if you enlarge it anymore, you're either lying and, or, right?

It's un, you know, it's just not believable by prospects. And so that's when we roll out with the level three, right? And level three is kind of where we tend to operate, especially when we're, we are working with, let's say, clients and students that are in the information business coaching consulting agency, right? Because rather than, let's say, physical products or e-commerce, because right, it's, it's very easy to develop a new, unique mechanism. So, right, if, if, God forbid, somebody knocked off your mechanism, let's just say, which is a rarity in the, um, in the, you know, info information business, uh, but if somebody did, right, we can develop a new unique mechanism.

But in the physical space or e-commerce space, you can't really do that. And that's why you see that evolution to a stage four, um, message where, right, it's now same promise, ultimately, right? But now you're just expanding on the mechanism, so you're not expanding on the promise here, you're expanding on the mechanism. And so this is just an improvement on the mechanism. It's if you're selling a supplement, it's a pharmaceutical grade supplement, it's right, a digestive enzyme built in, it's, you know, uh, maybe the way that it's, you know, it's, it's packaged or whatnot, right?

So you're expanding on the mechanism, and that's right. A level four message. And then once the marketplace becomes, you know, saturated with promises and mechanisms and expanded mechanisms and whatnot, that's when you see the evolution to stage five. Now, just for reference, we've talked about this before. We're not gonna go, uh, into much detail on this call, but right, the original originally, uh, Jean Schwartz in breakthrough advertising presented stage five as the approach to stage five as shifting to the prospect, where you're talking about the prospect's experience, right?

Um, so tired of, you know, exercising, dieting, uh, you know, popping pills and not losing any weight, right? Like that sort of thing. So you're not necessarily, the message isn't geared around a promise or a mechanism. It's geared around the prospect's, um, experience. But, uh, I shared with you guys, you know, the story behind the stage five, uh, the stage five bootcamp, uh, all about diagnostic copy really being, um, super effective today for these highly sophisticated, uh, you know, segments, if you will, or markets, um, if you will.

Um, and so the thing that I really want you to remember that I just want you to fully grasp, and I think that this is a, this is something that we don't often really, we, we, we don't regularly cover this as much as we should, but, right? Uh, it's what I say over here, and I haven't said this in a very long time, that the, the, the single biggest reason for poor sales conversions from a marketing funnel is an immature marketing message, right? Is even, you know, we, we hear things like, you know, list, offer, copy, offer is more important than, than copy and and messaging. But here is the, the reality. First of all, I wanna go back and I just want to, I wanna make sure that everybody's on the same page with what is meant by an immature marketing message.

An immature marketing message is a message that is designed at a level that is below the level where the audience is at. So, right? So if we, if the audience is seeing the promise and unique mechanisms from other competitors, and we come along and we create a message that is just a promise, or just a promise expanded, right? A level one message or a level two message, and the marketplace as it relates to that promise is at level three, that is what I call an immature marketing message. It is not up to the sophistication level of where prospects are at.

And we know, right? We, we know from simple examples, these are old examples, but examples, nonetheless, if we look at this, these two books right now, remember, this is the original slide deck from the original E five CAMP Masterclass training. So I have no idea how old these are, but I want you to tell me how well you think these would do this book, natural Weight loss revealed How to lose weight the natural way, or this one, weight loss and maintenance Basics, your basic guide to understanding weight loss and management, right? This is, I can, if we add up the amount of sales that this would generate, and this would generate combined, it would be zero today, okay? Right?

I'm gonna go out on a limb and I'm gonna say zero. Okay? Zero nanda, right? And like, we can laugh at this today because, right? And we, we look at this and we say, you know, and this is the thing that, this is the point that I, I, I, I also, I wanna emphasize with this, and we can look at this and we could say, of course, Todd, this isn't gonna, this isn't gonna sell, right?

There's nothing, there's no curiosity factor, there's nothing mysterious, there's nothing that makes it feel like a game changer, right? There's no, there's no mechanism behind this. Of course, this is kind of, you know, average, everyday ordinary language. We'll understand that all of that is absolutely true, right? Based on the context of what we've already been exposed to, in other words, right?

All of that stuff is true because we're comparing it to what it is that we've already been exposed to, what it is that is already out there, that's out there. Now, that was out there two months ago, two years ago, right? Uh, five years ago, et cetera, as it relates to weight loss. And due to what it is that we've been exposed to, we now look at this as garbage as relatively worthless, right? And so the point that I really want you to understand is that there was a time when something like natural weight loss revealed how to lose weight.

The natural way could have done well, just like if we look at this, here's another one, right? Uh, I love seeing these oldies, right? Get found, get leads, get customers, get found online. Customers are searching online right now for your products and services. Can they find you?

Or this one, which is even a, a better example, right? Get rich on the internet. The simple way to make money online, right? Let's add up the amount of sales from these two and combine it with the amount of sales from these two. And we'd still have zero today, right?

We'd still have zero today. Now, the interesting thing is, right, is if you look at this one on the right, the get rich on the internet, I can tell you, I can send you swipes of old, um, of old space ads way back at the beginning of the make money online era, right? When it was, you know, how to make an extra 500 bucks a month from your computer at home, right? And these kind of things, you know, like those kind of very basic get rich on the internet did well, there was a time that they did do well when the market, right? Hadn't been exposed to that kind of promise before, but we know that today, these are immature marketing messages, meaning that the market is now as it relates to this promise of making money online, getting rich on the internet, having a business online, right?

Which are all part of the same kind of, you know, they're all under the umbrella of the same promise, right? Like, how to make money using the internet is ultimately that category that it all, that it all falls under, right? What it is that they've been exposed to is much more sophisticated with mechanisms. We've seen the evolution of going from general to specifics in, you know, make money with affiliate marketing online using the x, y, Z protocol, right? And so we know that because of what it is that the marketplace has seen already, that these are immature, right?

We know that the marketplace is right. Uh, is three is in some cases four, right? And that's a, like a level one marketing message. And the thing to understand, right, is like, look, you know, is this, is that like in, in most cases with a lot of these markets, like, you know, the, the level, level three, level four, right? We're not using extremely direct leads, right?

We're not, we're typically not using like an offer based lead, right? Which is really the most direct lead that you can get. We're typically using more indirect leads, and we're typically, right? Like, we're typically not always, but we're typically going further down or lower on the awareness pyramid, which means, the reason why I can say this is because when you have a, an immature marketing message, when right, when you have an immature marketing message, most people will never see the offer. They won't get to the offer.

And so the reality is that you can have a great offer, you can have great copy, right? Maybe you even could have a great argument in your copy, um, you know, right? But because it's an immature marketing message, ultimately, meaning it's an immature marketing idea, right? When I say marketing message, I don't just mean the actual argument itself. I just mean the idea, the hook, the angle, the theme, the message, the whole nine, excuse me.

Most people, uh, that, uh, have been in the marketplace for any reasonable amount of time aren't going to engage with the campaign. They're just not gonna engage with the campaign. We know, right? What it takes to get attention. I think sometimes we forget the difficulty of the job of just getting attention, right?

Before we, you know, before you have engagement, you have to have attention, right? And you have to have engagement in order to create consumption, in order to cover the argument, and certainly the offer in, uh, more indirect, um, in more indirect campaigns. And this is why I still believe that this is true to this day, it is, right? When you roll out with a message that is just too immature sometimes, right? Sometimes it can be as as simple as righteous, uh, having a great, you know, having a great promise, having great copy, having a great, but not having a mechanism, right?

Like having no mechanism in there. And you have a great, great copy, great idea, great product, unique product, the whole nine. But, right? Like, again, that is an immature message, and I've shared with you guys before that, and when I think back to, um, to, uh, like to a couple of losers losing campaigns that I worked on, um, in our business, the thing that they both two losers that they both had in common where they lacked a unique mechanism, there was no unique mechanism. And I felt like the idea, uh, the, the product being unique, um, the idea being unique, um, and, um, and whatnot, that, that would carry it and it didn't.

And right, like, once again, I would say that that just falls under the umbrella of an immature marketing message, too immature for, um, for, um, the marketplace. If we look at this, here's another example, right? Uh, I like this one on the right. Write your ebook or other short book fast, write your ebook, or hey, just another short book, um, fast. Um, or this one, just write your book, A simple strategy to complete your manuscript without wasted time or effort, right?

Like, again, you know, we know that, you know, that they just wouldn't work today, right? Like, and this is not about the, like, this is not about the quality of the copy. This is not about the argument. I'm not even, we're not even looking at the argument for, you know, like for, for any of this, right? Just in this case, the appeal, the promise, the idea, the hook, whatever you wanna call it, is beneath the sophistication level of where this market is for this particular topic.

Like, for this idea of writing a book. Now, again, if we came out with something else, right? Like, you know, like, look, here's a perfect example of this here. Um, like what happened when have your book written for you by ai, like, think about this for one second, right? Like, have your book written for you, you know, in 48 hours or whatever, by ai, right?

We saw those right away in the, in the whole AI world, right? That was a promise based, um, appeal, right? The promise was, um, was, was different, right? Being able to have your book done for you in 48 hours, um, kind of thing. Um, right?

But then that very quickly, or I should say very quickly, the market as it related as it relates to AI evolved in sophistication level. And we can see, right, that very quickly people started releasing mechanisms related to AI or types of ai or custom ai, you know, bots or GPTs or whatnot. And so therefore, that promise of how to, you know, how to have your book written for you in 48 hours with ai, then again, very quickly became an immature message. And so today, if you did anything relatively anything related to improve your marketing, better copy run your business, and all you said was with ai, that be, that is already has become an immature marketing message. And so the value of this as a reminder is, is in this, right?

This is a very, a brief lesson, but an important lesson is understanding, right? Based on the promise that you are making, what is the level of marketing messages that the marketplace has already been exposed to? So you have a promise that you are making, right? The very first question is right, that I would ask myself, uh, is right, has anybody else ever made this promise? Now, I don't mean in this context, the specific word choice and phraseology that we're using.

I mean, what is the, the meaning behind the words that you're using, the promise behind the words that you are, are using? And so, has anybody ever made this promise, or am I the first to be able to promise this result, this outcome, this payoff? If the answer is yes, well then you have a very simple pathway to roll out your marketing, right? That's level one. But if the answer is no other, the, the answer is no.

Like, right? Yes, there are other people that have already made this, um, this promise. Then I have to ask, right? Are other people, have other people made this promise with mechanisms a mechanism? Or are other people still in the expanded promise, you know, um, phase, right?

Where are they, right? Because right, that's gonna ultimately tell me where I need to go, what type of message I need to create. Now, the question always is, right? Somebody always says, uh, or always used to say like, uh, they always used to ask, well, why not just create the one furthest to the right, you know, why not just create a stage five message all the time, or a stage four, or, you know, like, why not just create the furthest one to the right all the time? You certainly can, right?

So you have to understand that, right? A, a stage five will work for every other stage before it. A stage four will work for every other stage before it and so on. But stage one will only work for stage one. Stage two will only work for, for stage two and one, right?

And so it'll only work for the one, that one and the one below it. And so you certainly could, but understand that as you go to the left in campaign type, the campaigns become simpler. And so a promise based campaign is a much simpler campaign to create then a promise and unique mechanism. And certainly a promise and unique mechanism is easier to create than a stage five, which is really, you know, promise, you know, diagnosing of the root cause, right? And then, and unique mechanism.

And so the point is that while you could create a stage five or stage four and have it work for all the other, um, stages below, you have to understand that it is a much more complex campaign, complex message to create. And so you could bang out a campaign that's promise based, it's gonna take a little bit more research, um, and more writing and more chunks to do a promise and unique mechanism. But the point is that you need to understand where the audience is at as it relates to the promise that you're making. So, you know, what is the appropriate sophistication level message to roll with. And so any questions about that or anything that you guys would want to add?

No, the only thing I'd add is that it's, it's, it's amazing that this was obviously done quite a while ago, but it's still as relevant today as it ever was. So, yeah, it's like, it's, it's, it's unbelievable. Yeah, no, I, I mean, you're, you're, you're absolutely right. I mean, look, that's the, you know, I think that the, the, the interesting thing really is, I think it's actually more relevant today because we're seeing, we're seeing markets now slow, slowly evolving markets that are reaching different stages. We're also seeing markets that are evolving much quicker than they used to.

So the, you know, the, if you look at how quickly the online marketing market, um, evolved, went through the different stages of marketplace sophistication with ai, right? That was much faster than anything else that I had seen in the two decades plus that I've been doing this. And so, right, that was the fastest evolution, right? Where it was, it was literally just a handful of months, in some cases, couple months, two to three months, where, you know, where, um, it was moving from, you know, um, stage one to stage two, to, you know, a few months, stage three, like unbelievable how quickly it went through that. Whereas early on, right, we were seeing that, uh, we saw it much slower.

Now, look, some of that could be, um, which, which I believe is the case. Some of that could be from the fact that there are a lot more marketers today, marketing, marketing related solutions, and therefore, right? So therefore, there's gonna be a lot greater odds that stuff is going to, um, get picked up on, knocked off, um, and enhanced, uh, at a much quicker rate in the marketplace than when there were far less people. But regardless, you see this in all markets. A and again, as more and more competitors come into markets, right?

And more and more marketing messages are released, you see this, um, this evolution, right? You see this change and you see the, the velocity of change, um, uh, you know, speeding up. Whereas there are still some markets that are not, you know, saturated with a crazy, a volume of direct response marketers, and therefore you see a much slower, uh, you know, evolution between these stages. But you gotta know it because you got, you gotta know where the market is at or else you risk writing great copy, uh, right writing great copy, having a great product, great offer the whole nine, and nobody engaging because you have an immature message that's just not grabbing attention, right? Because they say, like, I've seen that, heard that, been there, done that before, right?

And the interesting thing that I'll just leave you with as we, as we wrap this up, is that right, this was really in the context of the big idea. And what I was sharing with the, the copy guys, uh, um, was right, that, you know, the big idea is really the advertisement for the funnel, for the promo, for the message. When we say big idea in this context, right, we're not talking about the big idea, you know, behind the offer or the, you know, or we're not advertising the offer in the big idea. We're not advertising the product, if you will, in the idea. The big idea, the big marketing idea, is the advertisement for the actual message, the actual VSL, the actual sales letter.

And the reason why this is right, this is important is because if the idea is to immature, you're done, you're dead in the water. And so you have to know what ideas are, are, are going to, uh, seem unique, fresh, compelling, and what ideas are are just gonna seem beneath them, so to speak. And so, make sense? Yes. Good.

Okay. That is all she wrote for today. Boys, think about it, right? Think about where are they at, so you know, what is the level of sophistication that your message needs to be designed for? Cool.

Cool. Alright. You're outta here guys.
