---
title: "cc_2023-09-26"
date: 2023-09-26
duration: 39m
duration_seconds: 2365
vimeo_id: 868429316
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-09-26

**Date:** 2023-09-26 | **Duration:** 39m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right. So today, uh, I'm gonna share with you guys, as I mentioned in Slack, or we're gonna really have a discussion about something that I don't think, um, we talk about all that much. Something that I haven't really talked a whole lot about in the past, I think, because it's not something that I've really have invested a significant amount of time really thinking through and really documenting. But today what we're gonna talk about is, um, kind of a little bit of a high level overview of how I think about engineering, um, hot products, for lack of a, uh, a better phrase. And what I mean by, um, hot products in this context are really products that are compelling enough, uh, are attractive enough to really be able to stand on their own without needing a unique mechanism, without needing necessarily a big idea or anything like that from a marketing perspective.

But products that are in and of themselves so attractive, so hot that they, um, that it makes the job of marketing, um, significantly easier. You know? And for what it's worth, the reason why I decided that I wanted to kind of put a little thought to this for you guys, and talk a little bit about this, and I hope that this is a little bit of a discussion today, rather than just a monologue from me, is because over the weekend, I had the, um, the fortune of giving a presentation for, um, in Orlando for, um, oh gosh, for Ken MacArthur, um, and his, um, and his group, which I got to see a lot of, uh, you know, old school marketers, old school, uh, uh, online marketers, I think Teddy, you probably know, uh, a bunch of folks from that group. And I, I had the chance to talk about the unique mechanism, and I told them, I said, I'm gonna share with you a presentation that I've shared numerous times in Brazil, and, uh, web, webinar con, whatever it is, um, and numerous other places. Um, and so I talked about the unique mechanism, and I talked about differentiation.

And it was, as always, it was enlightening and eyeopening for everybody. And it was a lot of fun for me. But it was interesting because while I was driving home from Orlando, I started to think that at the beginning of that presentation, and whenever I talk about the unique mechanism, I always talk about this, um, idea that there are really only two today, two meaningful ways to differentiate when it comes to marketing. There are really only two ways, and I explain to everybody, first and foremost what I mean by meaningful, right? Let, let's take a step back for one second, just 'cause I'm gonna give a little context and then, and then we're gonna go into this.

Um, and so, right, differentiation is key today, one of the most important questions for us to answer in all of marketing is, what's different about this? What's different about your idea? What's different about what you're gonna tell me? What's different about your content? What's different about your system?

Your me, your method, your process, um, excuse me, your approach, right? We need to differentiate. We need to separate what it is that we're offering from what everybody else is offering. 'cause people don't want more of the same people want what's different, right? People want, ultimately what's new and inherent in new is different, right?

Like, when something is new, it's, it, it, it, uh, it, you know, it, it brings in that different, what is different about this new version even? Um, and so we've gotta differentiate. Then I explained to everybody, of course, meaningful differentiation is different than just differentiation. So I give the example of, um, there was like a relationship coach and the audience, and I said, look, you could be competing against somebody else. And that somebody else could say, I'm the only relationship coach that's got bright red hair.

That may be a point of differentiation, but that's not a meaningful point of differentiation. A meaningful point of differentiation is a point of differentiation that adds value to the prospect. It's something that, uh, makes the prospect more attracted to the product, or I should say, that makes the product or offer or mechanism more attractive, more beneficial, more transformational, if you will. And so I explained that there are really only two ways to meaningfully differentiate. And then I go into the u s p, the unique selling proposition, and how that's rare today and blah, blah, blah.

And then, of course, I go into the unique mechanism and all of this is to say, right? So the, the foundation of that presentation is only two meaningful ways to differentiate. One is the unique selling proposition. It's extremely rare. It's extremely difficult.

And so we have the unique mechanism. But when I was driving home, I thought to myself, I said, you know, there really is another way that I, um, sometimes will differentiate. And it doesn't involve either of those, the unique selling proposition or the unique mechanism. And, um, and the reason I think why I don't, this is a big broad topic, excuse me. Um, but this is not really on the marketing side of things as much as it is on the product side of things, on the product creation or product engineering side of things.

And so what we're really talking about here is how do you engineer, how do you, like, how do you create something that has, um, monster appeal that has, I don't mean monster appeal in terms of mass appeal to the market. I mean, something that is inherently wildly attractive to the marketplace that stands out, that can stand on its own, that doesn't require a unique mechanism, doesn't require a big marketing idea, um, almost, uh, uh, you can get away with, with selling it with very straight direct, um, copy by telling folks you know, what it is and, and what they need to do to, um, to get it. And so I'm gonna share with you a little bit of the criteria that I put down on paper that I kind of look for, that I think about, um, when it comes to putting together these types of products. In a second, I'm gonna show you four examples that we've actually rolled out to the market that I would say fall under this, um, this heading. The, the first thing that I just want to drill home for you, that I want you to think about before I show you these, uh, before I, uh, we go through these, um, examples, and then before we just go through the criteria and, and discuss this, is that often I, I think the, often the issue for a lot of entrepreneurs and marketers is that they're starting with a product, right?

They're, they're doing the reverse of ultimately what we wanna do. Ultimately what we wanna do is we wanna look at the market and we wanna say, what would drive this market wild? If we could put together an offer, a product, a service, a bundle, if we could put together something, if we could engineer something, um, that would drive the market wild, that would make people wanna crawl over broken glass to get it, what would that be? Right? So ultimately that's really the, the kind of the process or the flow that we want to go through.

We wanna start with the market, start by understanding the market. Start by understanding what the market wants, what the market's already exposed to, what the market craves, what the market's not getting, what the market would love to get, all that kind of stuff. And then figure out what we can put together to kind of, to, to fulfill on that. Whereas a lot of marketers and entrepreneurs, they start with the product idea. They come up with a product idea, they come up with something that they ultimately wanna sell.

And then of course, now they have these constraints in, in terms of what it is that they can say in their marketing, because they're dealing with an existing product. And so they're only certain things that they can say, right? If they're, if they wanna be honest and, you know, and, and ethical about the product. And I think that that's a, a, a big mistake. There are, look, you know, I think for what it's worth, I, I'll, I'll tell you, I'll throw this out and I know I'm, I'm going on so many different tangents I feel here.

Uh, uh, I, um, and I apologize for that, but we're gonna get to something good in just a second. You know, there are a lot of clients that, we have, a lot of students that I would honestly say are at the point where they are so married to the product, they've chosen something that they wanna sell, and now they're struggling to figure out how to sell it, when ultimately the market may just not want it anymore. And, right, you've gotta realize that. And sometimes, right? We have to be honest with ourselves that markets evolve and change, and things that were best sellers three years ago might be duds now.

And you have to not start with like the product and say like, this thing was a bestseller. This thing was selling like crazy. This thing is awesome. People should want this. They, they, they should see that this is great.

All that, all that's garbage, all that is really nonsense, right? Like, we have to realize that markets evolve, people's needs, their, their, their wants, their desires, what they view as rare, what they view as valuable, it changes over time, right? And, and so the point is that we wanna focus on what does the market want? What would the market find wildly valuable? We wanna ultimately engineer wildly compelling, um, products and offers.

And I think the key word that I wanna stress before I I go into this is the engineering. The engineering of these products, engineering the products, not based on, right? We're not engineering it based on what we wanna include or what we would find compelling or, um, what we think is hot and attractive, but ultimately engineering it based on what we believe about the market and what the market wants and what the market would see, and what the market would feel, and what the market has access to and doesn't have access to and would love to get access to, and all of that kind of stuff. And so many of these things are engineered with intention, okay? With intention.

In other words, this is done intentionally. And so, with that, let me do this. Let me share my screen. Let me do this. Lemme do this, this.

And so you guys can see my screen? Yes. Good. Okay. I appreciate you indulging me as I, uh, as I belabored that point for a bit.

But I think that it's important for you guys to really understand the foundation of what it is that we're talking about here. I'm talking ultimately about, about products, uh, you know, bundles, whatever, however you wanna refer to it, that really are so compelling. They can stand on their own without needing a unique mechanism. Big idea. Um, even, you know, dare I say, an argument, and the product examples that I would give you that I feel fall under this heading for us are the following for the Agora Financial Copy School, the Masters of Media Buying Mastermind, the decade plus swipe file, and what is coming up in a couple of weeks, which is the copy legends lock-in.

So I just wanna go through this real quick to make sure that everybody is on the same page and understands what these are. So the Agora Financial Copy School was a, the actual recording of an internal copywriter's training, uh, by the team at Agora Financial. Now, to give you a little context or background on this, prior to us releasing this in partnership with Agora Financial, uh, they never shared with the public what they taught their copywriters, how they taught them their reading list, uh, their training exercises, anything like that. It was never shared with the, um, with the marketplace before as well. At the time, there was a lot of pent up demand for, um, materials from the, the world of Agora.

Agora was viewed as the 800 pound gorilla in the world of direct response, um, marketing. And so there was a lot of pent up demand. And so, um, so when we had the chance to partner with them and release this, I jumped at it. The next Masters of Media Buying Mastermind was basically a gathering that I hosted, that we hosted in Baltimore, where we brought in, I don't know, something, you know, we, we brought in a few dozen of the top media buyers, you know, um, uh, paid traffic experts online. And so the, the, the Kurt Moleys, the folk, the, the, the dude from ClickFunnels, um, Chris Evans was in there, uh, Mike Empo, Onyx Ngal was there.

The, uh, the dude for Ty Lopez was there, the media buyer for Purple Mattress was there. Um, Keith Kranz was there. Uh, there was, you know, it was loaded. It was packed. And for the day, I had them swap and share their best tactics and strategies from a media buying perspective.

And then, of course, I think many of you know, I, we, I told them at the end we were gonna vote on who gave the most amount of value. And then I gave out a, a heavyweight championship belt, right? Like a masters of media, uh, buying, um, belt. And the winner was Kurt Moley. And then he went on to do the Belt Method, the decade plus swipe file.

Uh, I know Chris is intimately familiar with this. This was right for, you know, 10, 12, probably closer to 15 years. I kept every direct mail piece that I ever got from top direct response marketers, from everything that was mailed by Dan Kennedy, everything that was mailed by from Frank Kern, from ClickFunnels, from Caleb O'Dowd, um, Matt Beak, to the Agoras, to the Motley Fools, you name it. And the thing became, and gigantic, right? It was, you know, huge.

Um, again, Chris knows this, the original decade plus swipe file was, I believe, five, um, five volumes, something like 800 pages of volume, Chris, right? Yeah. And so, 800 pages, five vol, 4,000 pages of swipe material, not online swipes, but direct mail, the stuff that people paid to send out the top marketers, what they paid to send out in the, um, in the mail. And so, um, at the time, nothing like that was available. Everybody was offering these swipe files that were online collections of, you know, of, of online webpages.

And when it comes to online stuff, you don't know what's good, what's not good, what's working, what's not working, right? You could be looking at swipes that are garbage. And so here you're talking about direct mail pieces stuff, the best, the, the, the best marketers, what they actually paid to mail out. And in many cases, like let's say with Dan Kennedy, you could see over years the same copy chunks used mail, you know, time and time again, which, what changed, what didn't change the offers, the price points. You could see all that over time, wildly valuable.

And then, of course, we come to the Copy Legends lock-in, and the copy legends lock-in is basically similar to the Masters of Media Buying Mastermind. But I said, you know what? I wanna get a couple dozen of the best copywriters in a room together, um, at the top one, uh, mansion. And I want to just for an entire day swap and share copywriting best practices working today. So I put together a list of the different copywriting elements that I want to cover from big ideas and hooks and angles to short form copy, to leads, to CTAs, to subject lines, to email copy, to offers, um, including ai.

So we invited like the three best AI copywriting experts in there, and we've got a mix of old school folks, David Deutsch, um, Bob Bly, Kim Schwam, uh, we might even see Mark Ford come in, um, for, um, for a bit, um, all the way to the younger folks, the, the Chris AADs, the Justin Goss, um, and so on. And the idea is to bring these folks together, the objective, bring these folks together, and make it an incredible day of sharing for everybody, for everybody there. Um, and then ultimately, we're gonna take, uh, at least a portion of the recordings, which we're gonna let everybody know, um, and we're going to then turn it into a product. And so these are the four examples that I wanted to give you. Now, I want to go over to the criteria, and I want you to use these four.

I want you to kind of look at these four, and I want you to think about these criteria. Um, in light of these four, like I want you to ask yourself, right? 'cause not, not, um, every one of these meet every one of these criteria, but I just want you to use this as a little bit of a background now that you at least have some familiarity with these, these, um, these four over here. I want you to look at the, the criteria, and I want you to see if it applies to these or how you think it could apply to these. And so, and then let's just talk about it.

So the first criteria is that it's rare. It's rare, right? I'm looking for something that's, that's rare. You could, you could call it, if you wanna say, right, it's got built-in exclusivity, it's rare, it's not available. Uh, it's, it's rare, right?

And so you look at the Agora Financial Copy School, it's rare, uh, uh, the best media buyers getting together and swapping ideas. It's rare. It's not like a training on Facebook advertising or LinkedIn advertising or something like that. Decade plus swipe file. Where else can you get a collection of top direct mail pieces from top direct marketers and see over the course of time what's evolved, what's changed, what's remained the same, and, uh, and so on.

And so just, I'm looking for something that is, is, um, is rare, you could say, right? Um, I'm looking for something that's one of a kind. I'm looking for something that hasn't been done before, hasn't been offered before, hasn't been packaged before. This is sort of the first of its kind, you could say, or the, the, it's the first time being offered, but it's not just the first time that this is being offered. It's the first time something of this kind is being offered.

So right, with the Agora Financial Copy School, it was the first time ever that you could get, excuse me, that you could get access to that. I would say that the Masters of Media Buying Mastermind, while you could get access to conferences of the top media buyers giving presentations, the idea of seeing them sit around and swap ideas and question each other, right? Um, never been done before, right? First of its kind decade plus swipe file. The fact that it was paid direct mail from the top, top, uh, direct response marketers and not just online funnels, makes it the first of its kind.

And copy legends lock-in to me. I said to myself immediately, it's, I've never seen that done before. I've seen conferences with copywriters giving presentations, but what we're aiming for is a discussion, is the questioning of, of each other is, I do it this way, I do it this way. Why do you do it that way? Why do you do it this way?

Why do you think that this works? Why do you think that that's better? This kind of dialogue and discussion. And so the first of its kind in line with that, I would say that there's nothing similar being offered anywhere else right? Now.

Look, similar is a word that's a little subjective. And so, right, like, it's a little, a little subjective. But the point being that it's not like I'm offering the best Facebook advertising training course, and there are tons of other Facebook advertising training courses. It's not like, look, it's, it's not like just a mere copywriting training that we're talking about. We're talking about access to the real copy school held by Agora Financial.

You coming behind the scenes and seeing what they actually do. There's nothing, there's nothing similar to that. Um, or there was nothing similar to that, uh, being offered. And I would go on to really say that that applies to the Masters of Media, uh, masters of Media Buying Mastermind, the decade plus swipe file. I mean, look, you could make an argument that, well, other swipe files are similar, but it really is to me, like comparing apples to oranges.

And that's during the, um, when I was doing these webinars with partners that were promoting the decade plus swipe file, I really emphasized the contrast between the decade plus swipe file and the typical swipe file that you can find online. 'cause you could find a ton of swipe files online, but it, to me, it was apples to oranges. Because what you're talking about is online stuff, it's easy to post stuff online. A lot of smart marketers will test online before they drop something in, into, um, direct mail. This is stuff they're paying for, so you know that they've put the time attention into it.

Um, and, um, and so on. And I would say that for, again, copy legends the same, the same thing applies. Uh, the next is that it's extremely difficult to replicate, right? And so I'm not sure what somebody would do o other than somebody else releasing a newer version of the Agora Financial Copy School, if there was a newer version, which there isn't. But if there was a new right, I, I don't know how they would duplicate that, right?

It's, it's, it's difficult to duplicate or replicate what we did with the Masters of Media Buying Mastermind. You gotta coordinate that. It's not like an info product, it's not like a quick course. Same thing with the copy legends lock-in, right? Like, it's not easy to, to replicate that.

And I would say the hardest one to replicate, of course, is the decade plus swipe file. Since I, I, I was saving stuff for 10, 12, 15 years, right? Like, um, I don't think we'll ever be able to replicate that, uh, again. And so extremely difficult to replicate. It gives access, it gives a level of access to the market that they normally wouldn't have, right?

It gives them a glimpse, it gives them a perspective, it gives them a seat that they normally wouldn't get, right? And so, seeing the best media buyers, or seeing the best copywriters sitting around and, um, and, you know, uh, and sharing and swapping ideas in a, in a beautiful home, um, is not something that the average marketer would normally get access to. There's a lot of curiosity, there's a lot of exclusivity there. Um, there's a lot of a lot going on there, but they're getting access to something that they normally wouldn't have. Same thing, even with the decade plus swipe file, I would say that, right?

That most people, th there were tons of direct mail pieces that never appeared online. Meaning these were backend campaigns, these were campaign, these were things that some top marketers were doing offline, that if you were only studying online, you would never see it. Therefore, if you weren't on all of these lists, you missed this. You missed some of the best marketing from some of the best marketers out there merely because you didn't have access to the direct mail list, uh, or lists like I did. And so, access that they normally wouldn't have.

And finally, I would just say that, you know, know that being a, a part of this, and I, I, I was almost reluctant or hesitant to, to put this on here, and I don't know if this is the right way to really say this, but it, it gives some level of bragging rights. Um, in other words, you know, it, it, it gives a, this is really more appropriate would be to say there's status involved in, in having this, right? Like, there's, there's a level of status to being able to say, like, I, I went through the Agora copyright, you know, copy school. I know what the best, the 800 pound gorilla in the world of Direct Response teaches their copywriters. I learned the same thing that they, that they've learned.

I've been through that. I've heard what the best media buyers said to each other. I, I saw, I saw them compete to win the belt. And I know, right? Like I was part of that.

I have the decade plus swipe file, like I own one of the premier, you know, swipe files, um, on the planet. And I would certainly say that, you know, I believe that the same feeling and emotion is going to occur with the copy legends lock-in, um, highlights or recording whatever it ends up, uh, being. And so this is kind of how I, I think about like, when I'm, when I'm thinking about, you know, I, I love the idea. Let's say the copy Legends lock in. I love the Masters of Media Buying Mastermind.

I love the Agora Financial Copy School. Like, I love these offers because they're, they're, again, they're rare. They're one of a kind. There's nothing similar to it. Um, you know, there's nothing like it, um, out there.

It's extremely difficult to replicate. It's one of those, right? It's, it's a product, let's say copy legends lock in, or certainly the decade plus swipe file that other marketers would be like, that's a great, that's a great idea. There's nothing I can do about that. Like, there's nothing I can do to, I can't come out with my version of that, right?

Like, it's extremely difficult to do that. It's extremely difficult to knock off. It's extremely difficult to copy, it's extremely difficult to model. It's extremely difficult to come out with something competitive to, um, to any of these things, right? It gives the market a level of access and insight, a peak, a seat that they normally wouldn't, um, wouldn't get.

And because of all of those things, it comes with some level of status, right? Like, you could make the case with the decade plus swipe file, for example, that there is an element, right? And, and I'll tap into some of this. In the copy, there's this element of, right, like, real legit copywriters have the best tools, right? And that's why the best copywriters have the decade plus swipe file, you know what I mean?

So there's this element of status involved. And so that's it, that's all I I, I got for you. I wanna open it up to any questions or any comments or any feedback or anything you would add. Yeah. Uh, Todd, great, great job on this, by the way.

This is really, uh, really eye-opening. Uh, and one thing, as you were going through it, it, I kept thinking, again, I don't know where this, where this falls, uh, but believability too. Like when, when you're talking about each offer, I mean, you gave just a small little soundbite, like this is what the Agora Financial Copy School offer is. And it didn't require a lot to explain for me to believe that it's rare for me to believe that it's a first of its kind for me to believe that there's nothing sim, you know, nothing similar offered anywhere else. So there wasn't an, so I guess where my brain was going was, it's one thing for it to be rare, but no, but it takes so much education to, to, for me to believe that it's rare.

Does that make sense? Yeah, it does. Thing Was just like, it didn't require a lot. Like you could tell me in two sentences and I'd be like, yeah, that's rare. You know what I mean?

Yeah. And then, yeah, Yeah. No, I, I I love that, Chris. And I think that that's really insightful because, you know, it goes back to, um, and you're, I I think that you're spot on, and I appreciate you sharing that. You know, I, i, it goes back to something that, um, I said towards the beginning of our time today.

And that is right, like this, when you, when you have a product, when you engineer something like this, when you put something like this together, that's why I said that it makes the job of marketing so much easier, right? Because he, here's the reality, right? The reality is, is that, you know, it's one thing to convince a prospect that this is rare, right? It's one thing to attempt to convince a prospect that what you're offering is rare. It's another thing to just have something that is rare and is the immediately identifiable as rare, right?

When you have something that is rare and the market knows it's rare, and it's immediately identifiable as rare, you really don't need to do much work to make that point. In fact, like I said earlier, the product does the heavy lifting because it is rare because they have never been given access to it. Now, that doesn't mean that, I won't say, right? Nobody's ever been given access to this before, right? But the point is, it doesn't take a whole lot more than that to make the point, right?

And so it's wildly different than taking something that is ordinary and trying to spin it, you know, for what it's worth, you know, it's, it's this like, look, I love marketing, right? I, I, I, I, and I always will, we'll always have a special place in, um, in my heart, but I believe more and more that really ultimately the game that we really wanna play it when possible, the game that we really wanna play, is we wanna make it as easy on ourselves as possible when it comes to marketing. And this is where you can have, like, look, if, if you have a great product, a hot product that let's say, meets this criteria, and then you combine it with a, a great offer, like just an over the top no-brainer offer, that you don't have to be a great marketer to sell a ton of those, right? You don't have to be a great copywriter to sell a ton of those. But when you start with an ordinary product, and right, and you have an ordinary offer, yeah, man, you gotta do a whole song and a dance, you know, a whole dog and pony show to try to move it.

And I'm not saying that, I'm not saying that that's not valuable, because, you know, like, look, we've had products over the years that we've sold that way, and not every product is engineered this way. Not every product that we have is engineered this way to be extremely hot, obviously. Um, but it does make the job of marketing so much easier when you are starting with something that is rare, that's truly one of a kind, where there's nothing like it out on, on the market where it's extremely difficult for anybody else to, to replicate where you're giving the, the, the, the market access to something, to material, to an insight, to a seed, to, to a, a, a perspective that they normally wouldn't get where it's got built in exclusivity. And then, then when you tie the marketing tactics of, let's say, of scarcity and urgency to that, that's why people go, go crazy, right? That's why people go, go crazy.

And so, right. But it, it's not, it's not just the marketing. And I feel that in our, in our market, I, I'll tell you that in the, in the online business, um, you know, marketing, uh, marketing world, hang on one second. Uh, in the online marketing, you know, business development world, you know, the having effective marketing is becoming more and more difficult because the market is becoming savvier and savvier more and more sophisticated as they're exposed to more and more of the marketing tactics, the, the, the, the, um, right? This is why marketing tactics need to evolve over time.

That's a, that while you can win at that game, you absolutely can win at that game. It's a more difficult game than, man, let's start with something that is just insanely compelling and insane, insanely unique, something that's rare, something that's exclusive, something they can't get anywhere else, something that's one of a kind, first of its kind. Um, something that the marketplace, right, they know can't be duplicated, replicated, and all of these things increase the perceived value, right? So all these things naturally lend themselves to a higher price point. You would expect something that's rare, that's one of a kind, that's the first, first of its kind, that there's nothing similar to it.

You would expect it to be higher price than everything else on the market just because of these criteria. And so, does that make sense? Yeah. I I I love that you mentioned the, the scarcity part too, right? Because like, you know, this, these types of offers, every, every one of these has all had this, the same thing where, you know, the buying pattern shifts, right?

Yeah. And the bulk of the sales come at the beginning versus the fake, not fake scarcity, but you know, a deadline timer type scarcity where most of the sales come at the end. Yeah. The, uh, the, the other thing, the other thing that came up too was like, just even with, from that fir first bullet, when you first said it's rare, the thing that came up for me was like, kind of that, that antiques roadshow, uh, thing, you know, where they're praising antiques or whatever, and, and stuff like that. And so there, there is something, there is something vintage or pedigree about these offers too, right?

Yeah. Like, again, like the swipe files, 10 years worth of stuff. The, the people that were in that room have been practicing their craft for years, and they have this knowledge that is Agora, you know, been the biggest direct response marketer for decades. Um, so I know, I don't know if that's a criteria that's required, but it's certainly a, a feature, I guess. Yeah, No, I like it.

I mean, I think that, and that's also a, a, a, a great point. Adding, you know, adding to it. I, I think, you know, for what it's worth, I'll tell you the, just shifting back one second to what Teddy just said at the very beginning, um, and that is, I believe, like, look, I believe that when you only have, when you only have a deadline, and this isn't, look, I, you know, I don't wanna say this is a hard and fast rule 'cause you guys know, I don't believe in hard and fast rules across the board, but when you only have a deadline, what ends up happening is I believe you, uh, of course you see a pop in the end because of all the people that procrastinate and wait till the end. Um, when you tie in, um, scarcity in there where there's only X amount of copies that you're, that you're selling, you get, you see that, uh, uh, that pop in the beginning because everybody that's afraid that they're gonna miss out, right? See the difference between scarcity and let's say, uh, urgency or, or, you know, scarcity, and just a deadline is a deadline.

Look, I, I could, there's no reason for me to respond today if the deadline is five days from now, I could wait until five days from now and then buy it. So right now I can sit on it, I can think about it, I can let other, you know, other stuff grab my attention. And then if I still want this thing in five days, I'll come back and, um, and grab it. So there's no reason for me to respond today. But when there's only 300 units, let's say, of this thing, well, then there's a risk.

Every moment that goes by, there is a risk that those 300 units could be gone. And that's why, for what it's worth, just from a strategy perspective, that's why when you have scarcity, when you're launching a product and you have scarcity, that's why part of that scarcity play is to also build up, to demonstrate the volume of people that are interested in the product before it opens, right? So if you only have 300 units of something, and you can show that there are 6,700 people on the waiting list, assuming that that's the truth, right? That you're not lying, right? But you can, there are 60, 754 people on the waiting list for this thing, and there were only 300 units.

That's when you caused that initial surge, because that's when you're really tapping into the fear that people have that they're gonna miss out, right? That, that the whole, the whole fomo. And so that's why you end up seeing that pop and then down. And then in the end, if it, if let's say there are 300 units and you only sell 200 and you have scarcity, and let's say a deadline for, for whatever reason, that's when you'll see the initial pop down, and then you'll see the procrastinators, um, in the end. Um, yeah.

And so, um, good point. Anybody else have anything that they would add? I think it's worth, you know, it really is worth thinking about because like I said, I think that, um, you know, I love to, one of the, you know, one of the, the aspects of marketing, if you will, or just business that I really enjoy is I, I'm gonna say marketing, and I'm gonna say one of the aspects of marketing that I really enjoy, and I'm using marketing specifically in this context for a reason that I really enjoy, is sitting back and asking myself, what could I offer the market that would make the market go wild? Like, if there were no constraints, like if there were no constraints, money wasn't an object, like what could I do? What could I offer?

What could I put together, right? Blue sky, not, you know, like, you know, forget, like, don't worry about, well, I don't have connections, or I don't know this person or these people or this, or I don't have the cloud, or forget all that. Just like, what could I put together? What could I offer? What would drive the market?

What do they find extremely valuable? What would they find extremely insightful? What would they say? Uh, like, I would love, I'll fly across country to get there, like that type of, um, of thinking be. And I love that because it then makes the marketing so much easier.

Uh, it makes the marketing so much more simpler, right? Like straightforward because you're starting with something that really is extraordinary instead of starting with something that's ordinary and trying to make it sound extraordinary. And that's the thing that in, in, in, in this market, especially our market especially, right? People are so hypersensitive today, especially the folks that have been around for any significant length of time, they're so, um, sensitive to, uh, to marketing that makes the ordinary sound extraordinary, right? It's why it, it, it, it bothers me so much when I see marketers that take the ordinary and try to make it sound extraordinary.

Because I know that the more that that's done, the more difficult it is for ev for everybody else to get the market to see that they do have something extraordinary when they do. The difference is when you start with something extraordinary, if that makes sense. And so this is how I think about it. This is kind of like, right, like, and after copy legends, it'll probably be on to the next thing. And sometimes these ideas pop in, it could take months.

Like, it's not like I can sit down. It's not like I sit down and come up with something, you know, like, let me come up with the next latest and greatest idea over the weekend. Sometimes it can take months for something to pop into, um, my head. Sometimes a new shift in the market has to occur to create the opportunity to, um, to do something. And so hope that makes sense.

And so anybody else have any questions or anything to add? You guys are always so insightful and so anything else? No. Okay. That's all she wrote.

Now you know how I think about, um, engineering hot products and so there you go, gang. That is all she wrote for today. Uh, I'll see you guys next week. And so everybody have an amazing week. Thanks.
