---
title: "cc_ 2024-05-28"
date: 2024-05-28
duration: 49m
duration_seconds: 2976
vimeo_id: 951233931
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-05-28

**Date:** 2024-05-28 | **Duration:** 49m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right. So today we're gonna do something wildly different than what we normally, um, do. I know I say that all the time. Uh, but this is really kind of a little bit of a, a deviation. Not as much of a deviation as that bootcamp that we were just talking about, but a, um, a deviation.

Nonetheless. I'm gonna share my screen, and we're gonna go through a, a very small slide deck. Now, ironically, I just published a video on this exact topic, except what we're gonna do is we're gonna Dr. Drill, uh, deeper into what it is that, uh, I was talking about, uh, in the video that I just published. And so this is kind of the, the, the topic, uh, and again, in the spirit of what it is that we were just talking about, Michael, I'm gonna just get completely, I'm gonna be completely real raw and and honest here.

And so this was a question that somebody asked me in the Facebook group, and this is kind of a question that doesn't come up a lot, uh, but it does, it has come up frequently over the last, um, couple of months where somebody will either direct message me on Instagram, or they'll direct message me on Facebook, or they'll post it somewhere, um, in Facebook, like in our group. And they'll ask me some form of this question of like, look, if I was starting over from scratch, knowing what it is that I know today, what would I do to become a master marketer? Right? And so, if I was starting over, right, if I had to start over, if I was a newbie, if I was just coming into this space, um, and I wanted to master, you know, uh, um, marketing, I wanted to go from zero to let's say where I am today, what would I do? And, uh, I'm going to answer the question except, you know, I, I'm gonna answer the question in a di in a different way than what most people were hoping for.

And here is the, the brutal reality is that if I was starting over, I would not, I would not strive to master marketing. I would not focus myopically on marketing. Now, I wanna preface this. I wanna give a caveat, and then I'm gonna tell you what I would focus on and, and why, and then kind of break it down and we'll go into some detail. And so, what I'm ultimately talking about here is I'm talking about, look, I wanna make this crystal clear what I'm talking about, or who I'm really talking about are the folks that are, they, they want their own business.

They wanna have their own product, whether that's a service, whether it's a software, whether it's an information product, whether it's, you know, consulting or coaching or a course or something, or, or something like that, right? So, um, what I'm not talking about here is the individual who wants to become a great marketer because they want to go get a job and they wanna be a CMO at a company. So I'm not, I'm not referring to that individual, right? I would have a completely different answer if that's the individual that I was talking to. So, somebody ca came to me and they said, I want to be a great marketer because I want to go and I wanna do marketing for a company or companies.

I wanna be able to go in and work for somebody like you, Todd, or, or, or whatever. O obviously, I would have a wildly different answer. So the, the person that I'm kind of talking to is the person who has aspirations of having their own business. And, you know, in this, in this world of online marketing, in this world of direct response marketing, there, you know, it doesn't matter whether people like the, the common advice is learn marketing, learn how to write copy, learn how to engineer a funnel, and ultimately, they're talking to people that really want their own business. So, I would say that the majority of people in the online marketing space, for lack of a better descriptor, are people that want their own business.

They want their own source of income. I should really say. They want, you know, for, for the most part, right? They ultimately want their own product. At some point, they might start out learning marketing and then doing marketing for others.

And then ultimately, they move towards, or they, they wanna move towards having their own product. So, again, I just wanna reemphasize that I'm ultimately talking to the person who at some point, wants their own, um, successful business. And again, if that person was asking me this question of what would I do to become a master marketer, my answer would be, I wouldn't, I would not go back in and strive to become a master marketer when I first got started in this, in this world. And I, I, I, I wanna take responsibility for this belief. I'm gonna say it a certain way, but I don't want you to think that I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm pawning off the responsibility 'cause it's on me.

But I was led to believe and believed and bought into this idea that if you know marketing and you know how to generate sales through marketing, 'cause you ultimately understand persuasion, you understand some copy, right? Like you have, you have some copy chops and you understand marketing. And by the way, right? Like, copy and marketing are two completely different things. Just as a total aside, it's really interesting to see all the time that I spent, um, consulting with Agora.

Agora always had two separate departments. One was copy and one was marketing. And oftentimes the two never kind of the, the two never met, you know, like the copywriters wrote the copy, turned the copy over to the marketers, right? The marketers requested copy for certain elements. Like, we need copy for a landing page, we need emails, we need short form copy for, you know, for media buying.

We need, you know, a sales letter copy or VSL copy or, or whatever it may be. That copy was written and then it was turned over to marketing. And then the marketing department would implement and use that copy to execute on the marketing. So, oftentimes you'll find today even lots of extremely savvy, smart, really effective copywriters that don't know marketing, they know copy, but they don't know marketing, they don't know marketing strategy and so on. And then there are many marketers out there, right?

There are, there are lots of marketers out there that don't, that understand the marketing side of things and the strategies behind marketing and the tactics behind marketing, but can't write a lick of copy to save their life. And so, um, so, um, going back, you know, uh, I I, I, I was wrong. I was wrong in the belief that marketing, marketing chops, copy chops could fix any business problem and marketing chops. Let's just put copy for, for the rest of this conversation underneath, you know, marketing, you know, marketing, copy, persuasion, sales, all those things that, all of those things, uh, that if you had those things that you can grow a wildly successful business and you could sustain that level of success with just those skill sets and just those chops. I was wrong.

I was wrong. And I saw it play out in many instances in my business journey, and I saw it play out time and time again in the life of many, I'm just gonna call them entrepreneurs. I'm gonna put, I'm gonna bucket everybody under entrepreneur, anybody that wants to have their their own business. I've seen it play out. You know, for one thing, I've seen many highly skilled marketers, well-known marketers, right?

I'm, I'm very blessed. I'm very fortunate today to get to work with the biggest names in the industry. I have relationships with almost all of the biggest names from the, you know, dinner with Jay Abraham, dinner with Mark Ford Gore is, you know, uh, all the way down. Um, I'll tell you that many of the most successful marketers, or the most well recognized marketers have struggled over the long haul to grow successful businesses and to sustain those successful businesses. Many have struggled to grow successful businesses.

I'm not saying that they've, I'm not saying they haven't made a lot of money with an offer, but what they end up doing is they end up going from offer or promotion to offer to promotion, to offer, you know, promotion, right? That's, that's not a business, that's a series of promotions. There's, it, it, you know, it, you know, it was, you know, years ago. I'll never forget, you know, not to go down a, a crazy rabbit hole, but I'll never forget having a conversation with Rich Sherin, um, about this idea of like, look, and, you know, uh, you know, when you have a, when you have a business that is driven by live launches, right? Once or twice a year, let's just say you really don't have a business.

You have a promotion that works, right? And, and when that promotion doesn't work because, uh, either you didn't update the idea or right, or the problem that you're addressing is no longer a problem, or there's something going on in the world like, God forbid a war breaks out, or there's a stock market crash right at the time of your launch and your business can collapse, um, overnight, that's not a business, that's just a promotion. And if you run it multiple times, that's just a series of promotions. And most people don't understand that even those, those promotions or that series of promotions, even if they are wildly successful in terms of revenue generation and sales generation, that doesn't equate necessarily to a sound solid, thriving business. And most, most people don't understand that there's a difference between an effective promotion or a number of effective promotions and a solid in sound business.

And that's why there are many super effective marketers that have done some big, you know, promotions, seven figure plus promotions, and yet they struggle over the long haul to have a thriving business. They've made a lot of money, right? They've made a lot of money, and they can continue to extract a lot of money. But merely making a lot of money from one or more promotions doesn't equal a sound solid, thriving business. And so it's important to, to, to understand that, right?

To recognize that I've seen many extremely savvy marketers that have, that have driven businesses into the ground. In other words, they've, they've driven them into the ground, not because of a lack of revenue, but because things started to break because customer service fell apart because they couldn't fulfill on, um, things because they had a, a massive amount of, of refunds because there were just massive hiccups in the team, or because they had the wrong team or not, or, or, or the, the team just ran out of bandwidth, right? Issues that were not related to marketing and sales. Yes, marketing and sales is one of the, if not the crux, the foundation of having a thriving business, because none of those other things matter that we're gonna talk about if you don't have the marketing and sales. But it's important to recognize that only having the marketing and sales chops is not, is not enough.

And this is really why some of the old, dare I say, right? And I, and I said this in, in the public video, that, you know, I made a, a six minute video to kind of cover this, this, this, this idea. And this is something that right, very rarely gets talked about, but I'm gonna talk about it, that many of the older, legendary direct response marketers, there's a reason why they're still working today. There's a reason why they're still hustling today, right? There's a reason why.

And that's because they've never been able to grow solid sound businesses that allow them to escape, that allow them to gain freedom from what it is that they're doing. They're constantly having to hustle and run promotions still to this day, not because they want to, because they have to, right? They might tell you that they want to, and that's why they do it. But I'm telling you that that's not why I'm telling you that. It's because they have to.

These are individuals that are some of the best marketers on the planet, marketers that many others have learned from, yet they're still forced to work to this day. Then I know people, and it's why I've said, for example, that you take somebody like Mark Ford, who is today a dear friend, a a mentor, and somebody that if I had to choose one individual that I wanted to be when I grow up, it would be Mark Ford, right? Because Mark Ford was able to retire at, you know, 40, and then come back and do, right? He's, he's the ultimate renaissance man for so many reasons. But one of the big things to, to realize, right, is that, um, is that Mark is wildly, he's a wildly successful entrepreneur.

He's invested in over a hundred different, you know, businesses of all different sizes. He was obviously the main marketing consultant for, um, Agora. But here's the reality. If you took his marketing chops and his understanding of marketing funnels and all the tactics that we know and, and we discuss, and you compare it to some of the, a level marketers out in the online marketing world, mark wouldn't be able to hold a candle to those people. Mark wouldn't be able to hold a candle to those people.

Yeah, mark is an a level copywriter, but in terms of pure copy chops, mark wouldn't be able to hold a candle yet. Mark is wildly successful, wildly successful, more so than I would say, dare I say, the majority of those top a-level marketers all combined. All combined. And if you look at the, um, some of the most successful entrepreneurs out there in the world, and you go outside of our tiny, small, direct response driven, you know, online business development marketing world, and you look at some of the most successful marketers, excuse me, some of the most successful entrepreneurs, what you'll see is that from a pure direct response funnel building perspective, they're clueless. They, they couldn't hold a candle yet.

They're some of the most successful entrepreneurs on the planet. And to kind of come to an end to this section for a second, right? What really kind of drove this home to me was that, you know, getting to spend time with, and consult with, and partner with, in, in, in our portfolio companies, entrepreneurs, successful, fantastic entrepreneurs that were weak in marketing, yet had incredibly successful businesses, far more successful than the phenomenal marketers that lack the business skills, right? And so, I've just seen time and time again, entrepreneurs with business skills, with entrepreneurial skills, which we're gonna break down and talk about, just, excuse me, just far exceed the results, the success compared to the entrepreneurs that rely or attempt to rely almost exclusively on marketing copy, persuasion, and sales chops. I've just seen it so many times, and at the very beginning when I first started to see it, when we, you know, when we first launched top one, many, many years ago, um, a few years ago, five, six years ago, whatever it is, um, and I started to see it.

I, I, at the beginning, I was like scratching my head at the beginning. I thought they, these people were anomalies, right? Like, they, they were able to experience success, you know, uh, despite lacking the marketing skills. And then I just saw it again, and I saw it again, and I saw it again, and I saw it again. And then I started to see in the online marketing space examples of businesses that were growing and growing by leaps and bounds.

But yet, there were so many things wrong with their copy. There were so many things missing from their, their marketing. And I'm not saying that there weren't things wrong in their copy. I'm not saying that there weren't gaps in their marketing. What I'm saying is that they were still able to grow despite, or in spite of those things.

And yet, I've seen time and time again where some of the most dialed, uh, uh, marketing campaigns with great copy and nothing missing, or almost no nothing missing, produce a lot of sales, but still not, um, equate to having a thriving business. And so, right? Like, and so I hope that, I hope that makes sense to move on to the next section for one second before we get, you know, before we go into, uh, you know, so what I would do, let me, let me go back to the beginning for one second. So I said, I would not strive to ma become a master marketer. Instead, what I would strive to do is I would strive to become a master level entrepreneur.

Instead of getting into one of the skill sets required to have a successful business. I would focus on what I believe are the, the 18 core skill sets of a master level entrepreneur in other, I would strive to become a great entrepreneur and develop the skill sets associated with being a great entrepreneur. Because here's the reality. Great entrepreneurs will always beat great marketers, right? Great entrepreneurs will always beat great marketers, because great entrepreneurs can hire great marketers.

Great entrepreneurs do hire great marketers. Great marketers don't hire great entrepreneurs. Great entrepreneurs don't go work for great marketers. Great marketers go work for entrepreneurs, great marketers, excuse me. Great entrepreneurs possess team building skills, right?

Organizational and operational skills, right? Process skills, the ability to bring those people aboard, create leverage, use those people to grow a business. Whereas when great marketers lack those skill sets, they don't. And so the reality is, is that I would focus on becoming a great, um, entrepreneur. The other thing, moving into the next kind of section in this kind of heading or category, what, whatever you wanna call it, is that the reality is, and we've talked about this before, is that competing purely on great marketing, competing purely on better marketing ideas, you know, a more compelling mechanism, a better offer, ultimately a better message, better copy, is extremely difficult.

And it's more difficult today than ever before, because there are more marketers today than ever before, and there is more noise in every marketplace. And so if you're only competing on that one lever, you only have one lever to try to win. And that one lever is extremely difficult there. I mean, dare I say, there is nothing more difficult in a business than within the category of marketing, coming up with a better idea, articulating that idea, clear more concisely in a more compelling way, with a more compelling rock solid message, that that is coupled with an extremely attractive solution and presented with an irresistible, no-brainer offer. That is extremely difficult, right?

It is extremely difficult. Can it be done? Of course, that's right. Like, of course. And I believe that there's no better method than the E five method to do that, but it is difficult nonetheless, which is why, as a side note, we never talk about ease when we're talking about the E five method.

I never say that it's easy, because it's not easy if you're willing to do the work, and that's the path that you, you want to take. There is no better method, but it is extremely difficult to, um, to compete purely on marketing chops. And the last thing that I'll say, and then we're gonna go into kind of more, more in depth in this, um, topic, is that, look, it's, it's crystal clear that, that growing and sustaining a thriving business requires more than just marketing and sales skills. I, I, I said, and I'll say it again, if all that was required is marketing and sales skills, those would be the only two departments in companies. Those would be the only two roles in companies.

But they're not, right? Because there are other things that are required, there are other skill sets that are required. There are other skill sets that are more impactful over the long haul than just marketing and sales. And so merely having marketing and sales chops is not enough today to run a successful business. You need really, you should want to become a master level entrepreneur.

I believe that there are 18 core entrepreneurial skill sets or 18 skill sets that make up an, an a level or a master level entrepreneur. Now, in the video that I recorded for YouTube, the six minute video kind of covering this, I presented only 16, two of the 18. One is marketing, one is sales, right? Like, I can't leave off marketing and, and sales. You certainly need marketing and sales.

Uh, or you should have some level of marketing, marketing understanding, and some level of, of marketing of, excuse me, of, of, uh, an understanding of sales. Doesn't mean you need to be a master marketer and doesn't need to, you need to be a master salesperson. I've never been a master salesperson, and I've been pretty reasonably successful. But with that being said, let's cover the other 16 first, you'll see that the, the, um, the marketing and sales come at the end, just because I had to in include them in here. And I just wanna talk very kind of high level, give a, I'm gonna, I'm gonna share these, these core skill sets, and I'm just gonna give a little blurb about each one.

And if you, you have a question about one, or you wanna dive a little deeper, we can kind of maybe do that, uh, a little bit. But I wanna be careful here that we don't go too deep on this particular call. 'cause this is more just about, you know, an introduction to my thought process here. And so the first core skillset is operational process creation and optimization, right? That ultimately, I've said many times before that in an ideal world, you want a process driven or systems driven business, you don't want a people driven business, right?

You don't want a business that's driven by the talent of a handful of all stars on your team. I'm not saying you don't want all stars on your team. You do, but you don't want a people driven business. You want a process driven business, because if you have a people driven business, your business is vulnerable. If and when something happens to those people, god forbid they leave, they quit, they do something shady, and they need to be let go, or they move on to greener pastures, which happens, right?

That's a natural part of the growth and evolution. And so you need, you need some level of understanding of the processes to drive the company growth, right? You need processes to drive fulfillment to operations, right? You don't wanna just rely on, um, on people's natural talent, uh, or whatnot. You want processes, and you need to understand what goes into a good process, right?

And you need to understand the process or the methodology behind optimizing and improving those processes over time. Now, I wanna say something here. This doesn't mean that you need to be doing this yourself, but you do need some level of understanding and recognition of the value of having processes in your business, right? And what an effective process looks like. And you need to be able to understand and spot when a process is falling short in your business, so that you can either fix it or delegate the, the fixing of that, um, of that particular process.

You certainly need. And, and this, these could really be broken down into three, three separate skill sets, if you will. I just bundle them under one. And that's recruiting, hiring, and onboarding, right? The ability to, you know, how do you recruit?

How do you recruit great people, the right people? And how do you, how do you, you know, hire? What's that process of, of, of, of hiring? What screening do you do? Um, and so on.

And of course, onboarding. How are you bringing people up to speed on your team? The, this, these two could also be two separate skill sets, because they really are two completely separate things, managing the processes and systems and leading people. You need management skill, and you need leadership skills, right? And, you know, the, the, the, the higher up you go in terms of your business, or, right?

The more typically it skews towards leadership. But you need to understand management and, and leadership. If nothing else. You need to understand what does effective management look like when you're leading the people that are the managers within the business? You certainly need delegation skills, because what most people don't understand is that there's a huge difference between delegation and obligation abdication, right?

Like, when you abate responsibility for, you know, something that's not the same as delegation, right? And so there's an art and a skill and a science to delegating things that you want done. You need to be able to do that in order to run a, a business. If you can't delegate, right, then you're gonna get bogged down and you're gonna run outta bandwidth financial control. This is one of the most important on this entire list.

One of the most important on this entire list. Understanding, being able to look at a p and l, being able to look at you, you know, your, your, your, uh, you know, three financial documents, being able to understand what's going on, being able to look at your margins, being able to look at your expenses, being able to compare your, you know, your, um, your gross profit, your fixed expenses, your variable expenses, right? Like in understanding when things need to be cut, when things need to be added, what things need to be cut back, what things are out of control? Have you allowed the chassis in the business to get too big for the engine and so on, right? Like financial control.

Understanding the finances of a well-oiled machine business is critical. It's critical that you understand what those numbers mean and what those numbers are telling you. Value proposition creation, right? This is all about really un understanding how to create an effective value proposition in a marketplace, not just in general, but also in the marketplace that you're going into. So this involves being able to understand what's the value proposition of competitors, right?

And what is the value proposition that you're gonna bring to the table, and understanding the process that you go through to create that value proposition for the marketplace. Business model innovation. I'm gonna go these two together and kind of just say, first and foremost, you need to understand business strategy, right? Like, you need to understand things like differentiation, right? In, in business.

And you need to, you need to understand that there's a difference between business strategy and marketing strategy. There's a difference between a business model and a marketing model, right? And so you need to understand, like, oftentimes if you ask people, what business are you in and what is your business model? Like, many online entrepreneurs would struggle to answer those questions. They don't understand what business strategy is.

They don't understand what their business model is, and they certainly don't understand what are the, what are the different components where innovation can take place within the business model? Because oftentimes, I'll tell you that the biggest breakthroughs in commerce don't occur through marketing. They occur through business model innovation, right? They occur through business model innovation. When you see something like, you know, uh, Uber, that's a business model innovation, right?

That's a business model. Innovation. Airbnb, that's a business model. Innovation. Netflix, when it went to away from the DVDs and it went to streaming online, that's a business model innovation, right?

And so if you don't understand business models and you don't understand why that's an innovation, and you don't understand the cost, uh, you know, structure and the role that cost structure plays in a business model, well then you, you, you're, you're, you're, you're gonna be, you know, a, a a, a me too kind of business, I would say strategic thinking in general. And so this just strategic thinking in general, being able to think strategically about not just the business, the marketing, the team compensation, everything, being able to think strategically, um, rather than just tactically or myopically, certainly sales process management, the ability to manage the sales process. And that consists of multiple, you know, multiple components. Negotiation is critical, right? I believe everything is negotiable.

I don't care who you're talking to, everything is negotiable. If you want a deal to occur, whether it be with a JV partner or strategic alliance, whether it be with a vendor, right? Everything is negotiable. You have to learn. And I, I don't mean like a negotiation where I wanna win, I want you to lose, I mean, a negotiation where, right?

They can get some of what they want. You can get some of what you want. You could structure deals, you can structure arrangements, you can structure partnerships. You can reduce the cost of, you know, of, of, of certain things. Everything is negotiable.

You know, I teach my kids for what it's worth, and this was something, it is kind of funny, um, uh, uh, Ted Nicholas, I dunno, we haven't talked about Ted Nicholas famous direct response guy, no longer with us, excellent copywriter. Uh, I just reordered a book that I read one of his books from years ago, and I could not find it for the life of me. So I, I must have lost the book either in my move or something like that. Um, and I'll, I'll never forget in that book, he highlighted something that I've just never forgot. Very simple common sense, but it was just a great reminder for me, and it, and it impacted me.

And so I wanted a copy of the book again. Uh, and he just talked about, right? And I, I teach my kids this. You don't ask, you don't get, if you don't ask, you don't get, right? So I teach my kids, like you, if you're checking into a hotel, ask for a free upgrade, checking in at the airport, ask for a free upgrade.

You know, you're at a restaurant, ask for, you know, free champagne, whatever. Like, like, I don't care what it is. If you don't ask, you don't get, learn to ask. Worst case scenario, right? You don't, you, they say no, but if you don't ask you, you won't get, my wife is great at this.

She's shame. She has no shame in asking. She'll always ask She'll, every now and then, she'll call up the cable company. Our bill is like, you know, some crazy 600 bucks a month or whatever, we pay for cable. And she'll ask, what kind of deal can you give me?

Right? Like, what kind of deal? Worst case scenario, they say none. She does the same thing with like at and t for all of our phones and devices and iPads and all these crazy things. Like, like, look, you know, I'm, I, you know, I'm, I'm the bills, get the bill's out of hand.

I'm thinking of going somewhere else. What can you do for me if you don't ask? You don't get? And, right? And so I, you know, I'm saying that under this kind of head heading of negotiation, because everything is in negotiation, and you have to learn in business how to do it in a way where it's tactful, right?

It's not disrespectful, and you're not creating, um, you know, uh, you know, enemies or you're not, you know, you're, you're doing it in a way where it is potentially win-win. I would say creating leverage. I would really just say the next skill set is really understanding, creating and using leverage, right? Leverage is really all about getting more out, getting more output from either the same amount or less input, right? So how do we get more out of the same?

Or how do we get even more out from less input, right? So it's kind of like, you know, this is where things like, let's say, you know, um, let's say, you know, how there's these AI tools now that allow you to, to make outbound calls, you know, or take inbound calls or do chat, right? And, and, you know, and there's all these ai, you know, apps right now. Well, I believe that they're only gonna improve over time. They're gonna, they're gonna, they're eventually gonna get great.

And what do those tools do for you? They create leverage because they allow you to handle, to do more outbound calls without needing more people, without having to hire more people, without having to manage more people, without having to pay more people, right? Maybe you can actually trim down the staff and use that. And so, and now you're able to make more calls, contact more people, communicate with more people, and yet you've reduced your payroll, you've reduced the size of your team, you've reduced all those things that's creating leverage. And so, right?

Leverage is one of the tools of the, the wealthiest people on the planet. One of the things that the wealthiest people on the planet understand is they understand leverage. They understand leverage on the financial side. They understand how to leverage money and how to leverage other people's money. They understand, let's say, even in the world of real estate investing, how to leverage those assets and leverage the equity and leverage the money to create more money.

And so on. Even in the world of financial investing, things like options, it leverages, it le it, it uses leverage options to make money. And so, right, there's, this is, this is something that very few people talk about as it relates to business. Highly skilled, highly effective entrepreneurs understand how to use and create leverage. Critical thinking, critical thinking in this kind of category just falls under clear thinking, correct?

Thinking, proper thinking, and not buying into, or, or not succumbing to logical fallacies in your thinking and not succumbing to cognitive biases, right? But even when you ask questions, the, this is something that I've talked to our top one mastermind folks about often, because, you know, there are times when they'll ask certain questions, and I'll have to let them know. Like, number one, you have so many presuppositions built into that question, right? And those presuppositions in the question that you're asking aren't accurate. And so you're almost, you're asking a question in a way that, um, that almost predetermines the answer that you get because you've built in these presuppositions, like for example, and this is just an ex extreme example, but if somebody were to say, like, being that, being that this is the best price point for us to sell at, how should we best sell this?

Well, you have a presupposition in there that this is the best price point to sell at, right? And so now you've, you've loaded the question, you're, you're asking me this question where you, you're, it's a loaded question. It's a loaded question because you started by saying, being that this is the best price point to sell at, what's the best way to sell this? Well, unless you can show me evidence and proof and support why you're saying that this is the best price point to sell at, you've just asked a terrible question, right? Like, that is not a good question.

And we know that the quality of questions determine the quality of the answers. And a lot of this stems from just poor thinking, right? Uh, again, thinking that is filled with, um, presuppositions that are just, that haven't been proven, uh, or, you know, or, uh, thinking that involves, you know, fallacies. You know, and that's why I'm such a huge fan of studying, you know, logical, you know, fallacies because it's so, it's so funny how you can see, you can spot in people's arguments and people's thinking and people's questions and people's presentation of information, how many fallacies they've got built in to in there that just aren't, you know, that aren't true. Like, when they say, like, you know, like, you know, uh, this, this medication or this, this supplement is the way to go because it's recommended by the most amount of people, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

Well, just because it's right, that that is, you know, the fallacy of authority that's appealing to authority, and just because it's the most recommended doesn't mean it's the best, it just means it's the most recommended, right? It's, it's kind of like when, you know it, when I forget who it was, let's say it was Tylenol, and they said it's the number one prescribed painkiller, right? Tylenol is the number one prescribed painkiller. Well, maybe that's because the company behind Tylenol pays all these doctors to prescribe Tylenol, and that's why it's the number one prescribed, not because it's the best or not, because they all believe in it, right? And so you have to be aware of, you know, of, of these logical fallacies, these cognitive biases, these presuppositions.

And that all falls under critical thinking decision making, the ability to weigh decisions, the ability to weigh the pros and cons, the good, the bad, and the, and the ability to kind of have an a, a, a methodology behind decision making, right? Like, um, and a process that gets followed, and the ability to optimize that process and ability to really, um, be efficient, uh, and effective with that problem solving, right? You know, that being an entrepreneur, running a business is all about being a problem solver. That's what we do, right? That's what we do.

We solve problems. Those problems could be massive obstacles, right? They could be roadblocks, they, or they could be little things like, how do we improve the performance of this, you know, particular process or this particular page in a, in a, in a campaign or the, this particular system for onboarding people, right? Like, even, like, you're, you're talking about solving issues, but also optimizing. That's all problem solving, goal setting, right?

The ability to, you know, and goal setting underneath here is, you know, from a high level view, vision casting, you know, which falls under leadership, but vision casting all the way down to milestones, goals, all of that, right? What are the KPIs associated with that, right? The ability to kind of, to to check, uh, you know, to reflect on them, the ability to assess them, the ability to understand, uh, were they met? Were they not met? If they weren't met, why weren't they met?

All that is critical to be able to move the business, move the team in the direction that you want. And then finally, marketing and sales. And so this is where what I said was, if I was going to start over, I would not dive in and strive to become a master marketer. I would strive to learn these different skill sets one at a time. And really, I would start off with a high, high level, almost call it a superficial level of understanding of each of these.

I would not try to become a master marketer. I would not try to become a master at sales. I would not try to become really, I, I, I would say my approach would be, personally, I would not try to become a master, whatever that means at any one of these initially, I would get a base level understanding, a solid kind of grasp understanding of each one of these. Not master level, not a level, not where I can, I, you know, I can get up in front of a room for two hours and talk about any one of these tactics without needing notes. Not to that level, but enough to really understand what they are, what they mean, how to use them, the role that they play, um, all of that.

And I would go one at a time through these things. This, to me, is the person who possesses these skill sets. And you can take marketing and sales out of these, right? You can take marketing and sales off of this list. The person who possesses these skills will always, always be able to dominate the person who is only the master marketer or only the master salesperson when it comes to growing, scaling, and maintaining a successful business.

Any questions or anything that you would add? That's a lot. That is a lot. I think the premise more than anything is really what I just wanted you guys to really get today, the premise behind this training, right? Which is really, I, you know, um, you know, really is, I've just seen it so, so many times I've seen, you know, like, look, man, you know, you could very like, look, if, if you, you could be able to set up a great funnel and a great message and a great offer and, and generate a bunch of money from that.

And, but if you don't possess strategic thinking skills, right? Like, if you don't possess business strategy, like if you don't have financial control skill sets, you could struggle, like, yeah, you'll generate money and then you'll wind up blowing that money. Like, or, you know what I mean? Or, you know, or you'll wind up just like, and so, and I've seen it, I've seen entrepreneurs, great entrepreneurs that understood strategy, understood business models, understood, you know, leverage in those business models, understood financial control that were able to make decisions, right? Um, that scaled businesses and scaled them rapidly, right?

Even though they didn't, they didn't have master level marketing chops, you know, even though they don't have master level sales skills, they have enough marketing to understand what is good marketing and what isn't. They have enough sales skills to understand what is a good, um, sales conversation and what isn't. But they're not master level where they can then they could go and, and necessarily create a full-blown, um, a full blown course on this. And again, I've seen like, look, you know, I'm gonna end with one example 'cause I don't wanna, we're we're already over. I, I, I'll end with one example I'll never forget, and I mentioned this, uh, earlier, but I'll never forget seeing, you know, seeing these, um, seeing these guys who grew a, a wildly successful consultancy business, and, um, they were able to acquire just, you know, thousands and thousands of, of buyers on a monthly basis, uh, mainly high ticket.

Uh, they were bringing people in on low ticket front ends, and their marketing wasn't all that great. Their conversion rate on the front, you know, wasn't all that great. Their metrics in terms of CPA to a OV wasn't all that great. Like there was a huge differential between, you know, CPA and a OV. But because they understood business strategy and because they had great financial control, they were able to make that work at like, to a, they were able to make it work.

Where, like, for the average marketer who doesn't understand business strategy, who doesn't have financial control, um, they would see that campaign as a dud, as a loser, right? But these guys were, they, you know, they had a 1% sales conversion rate, they were losing a ton of money on the front, but that's because they understood the business strategy of being, you know, they understand in the simplest, they understood the value of the backend. They understood the value of, you know, sales process management on the backend to be able to turn those L losers. L you know, the, the, the, the acquiring of customers on the front where they were losing a bunch of money into massive home runs. They were much better entrepreneurs than they were marketers.

They were much better entrepreneurs than they were copywriters, right? There were copywriters within the world of Agora who they couldn't hold a candle to, but yet, in terms of business development and growth, those same copywriters couldn't hold a candle to them because those copywriters had that one myopic skillset. And to grow a wildly successful business and sustain that, you need more than just that. Um, I have a couple of things. So, would you put, uh, relationship building and strategic partnership building on this list?

The, the, um, I, I probably would, or I, you know, I, I may, I may, I would really have to think about that. 'cause I don't know. I, I probably would. I probably should. And, and really, this is kind of funny.

This is really, this is really interesting. Me not having it on this list is probably much more telling about me than it is about what skill sets the entrepreneur should have. Meaning that, right? Um, that, that, you know, I'm in the area of relationships. Anybody that I have a relationship with can tell you that I'm probably weak in that area.

Meaning, you know, like, I don't call people enough. I don't build relationships, uh, you know, enough. Like Damien on the other hand is a relationship machine. And so it's probably, there probably is value to that, my argument. But You think you have, uh, all, you know, relationships with all sorts of, uh, People.

Well, re I use relation, I use relationships loosely in that term. So in other words, right? Like, you know, um, yeah, I'm the guy that, you know, I may not reach out. You know, I might not reach, I, you know, I might send you a text every now and then. I might not reach out on the phone.

Like, I hate talking on the phone. I'm not a phone person, but if you called me at 2:00 AM I would be there no matter where you are for any of the people that I care about. Um, but I, you know, I, I don't know if it, I, you know, Damien would give a different answer and Damien would say to you, emphatically, yes, my, for me, I just don't know if it is necessary, because not every business requires, you know, mm-hmm. Strategic alliances and, and partnerships, um, and, and that sort of thing. Um, but I certainly think, you know, networking, yeah, I have to think about it, but it definitely a valuable addition for sure.

Mm-Hmm. And then also, how do you see the importance of mindset, personal development, basically being the person who is able to do, uh, those things? Yeah. I, I wouldn't put that on the list because I take that for granted. Like, I would say that to me, that's a given.

You know what I mean? Like if mm-hmm. If, you know, I, what I would ultimately say is that is ultimately, and that's a great, I love the way that you're, you're thinking about that. I would ultimately say, and I, and I think Adida, if you do end up watching the bootcamp, you'll, you'll see that to me, that's just a foundational thing. I would say that if you don't have the right mindset, that should come before this.

Mm-Hmm. Like, so I'm gonna assume that you're going into this with the mindset necessary, right? Yeah. Um, it, you know, the, the self-confidence, the self-worth, the determination, the commitment, all that stuff to me is found, you know, is foundational to you in a, in any area of life, in every endeavor. I would say that it's foundational.

So this is kind of built on the assumption that that is there. Super mm-Hmm. But great stuff. I love it. Michael, anything that you would add or anything that you would ask or add to the conversation?

Uh, you know, no, not really. Uh, you know, it's interesting. Um, I'm more of a team guy than an entrepreneur, you know? Yeah. So, uh, that's what I love to do.

I like being part of a team. I like, you know, all for one, one for all. Yeah. Um, so it, this is, this always fascinates me, and I'm jealous of people who, who, you know, who master most or all of these things, but, um, I get it. I, you know, I, I get it.

I think that, you know, it's, it's kind of funny. I, I get it, you know, because I think that we're all wired, you know, we're all wired differently, you know, like for me personally, you know, I've always been, it's kind of interesting being that, you know, in business, I, I have a team, you know, I, I would say that, right? If I'm being completely transparent, that is more out of necessity than it is desire. I've always been, you know, in high school, I, you know, I wrestled a, a, a sport that is right, relying on you, it's you versus the other guy. It's all on you.

And then, you know, it became bodybuilding. And bodybuilding is all on you. And so, you know, I've always been that solo. I've never been the, you know, like while I, I enjoy the team activity because of the comradery and, and whatnot. If push came to shove, I would be a solo guy because I just trust myself more than I trust anybody else in terms of commitment, dedication, focus, all, all of that.

Um, but I think, you know, look, if you spend some time after this, you know, this call looking around, you know, you can see, you'll, you'll see even in the online marketing space, some of the more successful entrepreneurs, some of the more successful businesses, I don't mean more successful marketers. And you gotta differentiate between the two, right? Because, you know, you can confuse somebody that does a great promotion or has a great campaign and does really well, you can confuse that with successful in business, right? And, and I think that it's really important to recognize that the two aren't equal. That a successful promotion or series of promotions or just even disconnected promotions doesn't mean that you've got a successful business.

It means that you've got it. And it doesn't necessarily mean that you don't have a successful business. But if you look at the people that have a truly successful business, you're gonna find that that most, if not all of them, really possess a well-rounded set of skills. I would say that in the online marketing space, that the skillset of marketing, the, their, their level of marketing chops is much higher than it is outside of the online marketing space with successful entrepreneurs. But nevertheless, you're gonna see people that have this, well-rounded, right?

Well-rounded set of skills, and you'll see many that are, that have just wildly successful businesses where you would say they're not really that great of a marketer, right? Like, like I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna, I'll name a name right now just to end it. 'cause like, why not? Like, right? Like Alex, for Moey, who's wildly successful, a wildly successful entrepreneur, if you looked at any of their prior gym launch marketing stuff, there was nothing special about it at all.

There was not, not nothing, no breakthrough, no innovation, nothing special. The copy wasn't all that, right? Like, not a great marketer, like overall, he is not a, he's not a great, he's a great entrepreneur. He's a tremendous entrepreneur, and that's why, right? And there are a lot of marketers that are far better marketers than he is, but they will never, never have even remotely close to the business that he does because they lack the business, um, skill sets.

And he has those business skill sets. And so when you have those business skill sets, my gosh, man, what you can do and the way that you think and the way that you approach business and the opportunities that you see, and the gaps that you go after, and how you go after 'em, and when you go after 'em and what kind of team you build and the how you leverage your financial, like, oh my gosh, it's just a d it's, it's almost playing a different game. It's almost playing a, i I would go as far as to say it is playing a different game. And so, again, I just wanna end the same way we started off. If I had to start over, I would not strive to become a master marketer.

I would strive to become a high level entrepreneur with a well-rounded skillset. I would focus on these things, the things that in the beginning years ago was never discussed, were never talked about, we were never told to think about these things and focus on these things. These are the things that today, knowing what I know and understanding what I understand, these are the things that I would focus on. And so there you go. That is all she wrote.

Uh, we are done. I will see you guys, um, next week. Have an amazing week and, uh, and be well. Thanks Todd. You got it.
