---
title: "cc_ 2024-08-20"
date: 2024-08-20
duration: 44m
duration_seconds: 2691
vimeo_id: 1000869363
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-08-20

**Date:** 2024-08-20 | **Duration:** 44m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Right guys. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna take a look at some copy. And what I wanna really talk about is I wanna talk about, I wanna talk a little bit about the copy, but more than anything I wanna hear from you guys, the steps that you would take to improve the copy. Uh, and I'll walk you through what I mean by that. When we get to it, like I really want to focus on how would you go about, what would the process look like for you to go about improving the copy, to go about fixing the copy.

So there's, you're gonna see in a second that there are some improvements that can be made from top to bottom. And we'll talk about those improvements. We'll talk about the reasons why they need, uh, it needs to be improved in certain spots. Uh, we're really just gonna stick with above the fold, but I really, more than anything, wanna focus on the process that you would go through to fix this. So let's take a look at this right now.

So this is basically a registration page for an on demand, um, VSL, you know, an a a a recorded webinar. Uh, and I don't want to, I don't wanna give away too much more just yet, but this is the copy we'll stick with above. The fold below the fold is kind of really insignificant if there's a section about the presenter. And then there are some frequently asked questions. And that's it.

So this is the gist right here. And so you can see that it says, free on-demand training, the easiest and most predictable way for course creators and coaches to hit regular 10 K months without launching a new offer. Show me how there is a hero shot, uh, from the, um, from the presentation given, um, assuming that that's what this is. And then it says, in this new content pack free training, you'll discover how to make sales for your programs every day and put yourself at an unfair advantage every time you wanna launch a new offer. The six biggest mistakes online experts are making that are killing their sales right now, how to use l and e sales emails to make instant sales, and then automate them to have totally passive sales dropping in.

And a simple, um, a simple way to get a higher percentage of your email subscribers to buy from you without complex automations or launching new offers. Show me how. And so let's just start with first impressions of the copy. Who wants to go first? Generic and boring.

Generic and boring. Okay. I, does anybody have anything to add to that? 'cause I think that that really, you know, kind of sums up the, you know, certainly generic, common, ordinary, nothing new. Yeah, I would say nothing.

Yeah, nothing unique. And there's a couple of, um, things that are contradictory as well. Okay. So, right. So let's start with the, um, you know, let's just start with the, the, the headline for, you know, for a second.

Um, and so is there anything that anybody would add besides just kind of, you know, very commonplace, nothing new, very run of the mill, typical, you know, typical, you know, almost, you know, standardized, you know, kind of headline. But is there anything else that anybody would add to that? I, I would just say like, as always, man, it's, it's always buried, right? Like the third bullet should be the headline. It's, it's funny because when I, when I was looking at this, that was one of the first things that I thought as well.

And so kudos for, you know, for seeing that. Right? And it's interesting, just as a side note, right? So how to use l and e, um, sales emails to make instant sales and then automate them that have totally passive sales dropping in. So what was it about that bullet teddy that made you feel like that, you know, that would make for a much better headline?

Uh, well, it's got, you know, it talks about a unique mechanism. It creates curiosity. 'cause you don't know what that mechanism is. The, the promise is actually, you know, stated differently than just, you know, $10,000 months. Um, just the way he's, you know, passive sales dropping in.

Like, that's not a phrase you'd normally hear, right? So, yeah. Yeah, yeah. All well said, I completely agree with everything that, that Teddy said, right? Like, to me, that was, that was the most interesting thing on the, on the page.

And, you know, you know, look, uh, as we've talked about so many times before, you have to understand the audience. You have to know what the audience has heard, what the audience has seen, what's old hat to them, what they've been exposed to, what competitors are saying. You can never, like you, you can't forget that, and you can't lose contact with that when writing. Like, you have to hold on to that while you're doing your writing so that you come up with something that is going to peak the audience's, um, interest knowing what it is that they've been exposed to before. So, right.

So right off the bat, it, it, it sounds like we can agree that there is no mechanism that's being presented in the headline, right? So we know there's no, there is no, there's no mechanism, um, being presented. There is this kind of, uh, this reference to this way, but the language that's being used, the easiest and most predictable way is so ordinary and so common and almost, you know, uh, you know, I feel bad for saying this, but it's lazy, right? It's a, it's just a lazy way of trying to, um, to write copy. And so, what else?

Anything else about the, um, the headline that you would say? Well, back to the late, the four U's, um, unique, urgent, ultra specific and useful, like that, that's, that'd be my starting point. How many of those does it hit? Yeah. And if it's not hitting at least three of them, something has to change.

Well said. I think that that's a great, that's another great example. Well, well said, man. Like, it just doesn't, you know, it just doesn't cut it. Um, and so, um, okay.

And so what About, about, what about the use of the word free? You know, like, like Jay Jade always taught me to like, never use the word free, like always gratis or, you know, whatever. And I'm just wondering, like, does that devalue it, does it even matter in this case? Uh, I don't think it matters in the, you know, I don't know if I agree with Jay. Uh, you know, I don't, I don't know if I agree with Jay.

I don't know if that was Jay referring to copy written for him or just in general? Yeah, just in his copy. He would, he would almost never give anything, he would never position anything as free. He would position it as a gift or something that he would use that word gratis a lot. Um, So for Jay, I get it.

And I think that Jay is a unique situation, right? Number one, I just think that I, I think for Jay, I, you know, I can't even imagine honestly writing copy, you know, four J or as Jay with his positioning, with his kind of vocabulary with the way that he communicates. I could see that for, you know, I could see that for j uh, but I don't, I don't think that it, I, I don't see it as an issue for, uh, I Don't even using the word new on demand training versus free here. Like, would that make it better? Uh, I don't think it would make a difference, to be honest with you on this, like, on this page.

I think that that's one of those things that's a, you know, that's a whisper to me whisper, not a, yeah, that's not a, not a scream. Um, but I like the way that you're thinking, Teddy looking at, you know, looking at every word. Um, here, how about this section, the, the, the next section? So how about the, the hero shot? Is there anything that to say I can't Really tell what's going on?

Yeah, I, I mean, first of all, right, so then why, you know, you, you can't really see what's, what's going on. The, the, you know, almost the, the first thing that I thought when I, when I, when I had glanced at it, was like, is it a piece of software? Is it a design piece of software? Like, what's going on here? Like, is that what he's gonna teach me how to do?

I wasn't, I wasn't really sure and right. And so to me, like that's not, you know, it's, it's not serving a benefit by being on the page, meaning, right? Like always, as always, this is one of those things, right? Where, like I've said before, you know, what are you trying to accomplish with, with this asset on the page? I don't care whether it is an image that you're using, whether it's a bullet that you're including, whether it's a subhead.

What are you trying to achieve, right? What's the strategy like that you're ultimately trying to leverage? Are you trying to peak more curiosity? Are you trying to build value? Are you trying to, um, you know, are you trying to demonstrate, uh, the value of what's gonna be presented on the, on what are you ultimately trying to do?

Because that's gonna play a role in the type of hero image that I use. Do we annotate it? Do we have an arrow? Do we show a bit of framework Out maybe, or Do we, do we blur out a, a, um, a piece of it? Um, you know, like, what do we, but I think that you, you really need to think that, that that through.

And to me not really being sure what this was and what it was ultimately trying to demonstrate, I was like, man, that's, it's just not serving the role that, uh, I'm sure it was intended to serve. And so anybody have anything else that they would add to this? Not related to the image, but related to the first bullet beside it? Okay, so the, the subhead says without launching an offer, and then he is talking about every time you want to launch an offer. So, which is it?

Ah, very good. Yeah, very. That's, so, I'm, I'm confused that I'm lost and like, yeah, it just doesn't make sense. Very good. I didn't even, I didn't even see that.

And so, good catch on that part. Um, you know, if you look at, with the exception of the third bullet, like, and as Teddy pointed out, I think that's, you know, that's the solid piece of copy on this page, with the exception of the, of the third we, of the third bullet, these, all these other bullets, the other three bullets, the first one, second one, and this one, the fourth one down here could pretty much be lifted off of this page and plopped onto somebody else's page that's, um, selling some kind of marketing or offering some kind of marketing training and be used, especially like, you know, like, this is very generic, very plain jane, nothing unique, nothing proprietary, hinted at no breakthrough, nothing that, like, again, somebody could just lift this and put it onto their own page and, and, um, and use it. Same thing right here, right? Like the six biggest mistakes online experts are making that are killing their sales right now. This is so commonplace and so ordinary that it just does a disservice to the presentation.

So I think, look, I think we can agree that the copy needs, um, you know, the copy needs work with that as the backdrop in the context, what I really wanna focus on now is, so what would, if you were a a, a consultant on this, or you were brought in to fix this copy, what would the process be that you would, you would ultimately go through like to, to be able to write effective copy? Like, let's just start, start with step one. How about that? Let's start with step one. What would you do?

Somebody Are, are you asking if I were talking with the, whoever owns this page at one-on-one, what, what I would say, what I would do Is that, um, you could certainly go in that direction. You, you know, you could certainly go in that direction. Ultimately what I'm, what I'm trying to do is I'm, I I, I ultimately wanna get to, uh, and I'm sure somebody's gonna say it, but I want to get to, I'll tell you exactly what I would do, exactly how I would go about, but my gut tells me that it's gonna be very similar to what everybody else would do, because there's nothing really magical about it. But I'm trying to, I'm gonna, I want to emphasize one point. I wanna remind you of one key thing, but got, you could share what it is that you were gonna share, Michael.

Well, I, I was just gonna say, if, if I were just sitting down one-on-one with this guy, I would try to do as much of like the research phase as I could, you know, like really understand who it is he's talking to, how he's different from his competitors, from what they've seen, you know, all of that stuff before I even started thinking about copy, you know, that okay, that's the first thing I would do. Okay. So making sure, so, you know, like step number one, let's say, um, for you Michael, would be to make sure that you've got all the information from the examination stage, you make sure that you know, yeah, who, who the audience is, what they've heard, what they've seen, what's already available to them, what's being, you know, uh, said by other competitors, um, out there. And then ultimately shifting to, alright, what does this individual, uh, teach present and what makes their methodology, you know, unique, et cetera. Okay.

Exactly. John, what would you do? I'd probably first confirm, just take a little step back before I'd do something similar to Michael, but I just take a little step back, first of all, and, and like, is this looking at the campaign as a whole? Like, is this page right now, is it the overall constraint in the funnel? And, and like, okay, if we, we, we find out it is, well, then I would go back and I would look okay in order to, to make it more unique and more useful and everything else cover the four yous, I would go back and Okay, has he examined what all the competitors are saying in this space?

Has he looked at what all they're saying is like, and then I would drill in more on to ask him to unpack the, that third bullet probably a little bit more than after that. But first of all, I would like, I don't wanna be optimizing the page that, okay, this may, this page may have poor copy, but it, like the, it could be who cares if it, how it's performing, if the rest of the stuff is performing well. Okay, so that's a fair bo. So thus far, probably Not exactly what you were looking for, but No, no, no, no, it's not, I'm not looking for anything. I'm just looking to hear from you guys.

'cause I think that just this conversation in general is of value to understand. Okay, what is the process that you would use to really make sure, like how Is this brand new? Has it been tested? What, Yes. Correct.

So let's just, right, so brand new. So if it was a campaign being used, right, like already and there was data that we could go to, uh, you're absolutely right, um, John, that we would look to identify like, is this the constraint or are we trying to fix something that's not even broken and it's performing well? Well, Okay, so assuming this is brand new, then yeah, okay. So correct. People forget that then assuming this is brand new, well then I would go back to, I would go back to the four yous starting point.

Okay, how can we make this more useful, more ultra-specific, more, um, urgent time-based and, you know, more unique. Okay. Okay. Um, and so how would, would you just, I'm, I'm curious, would you just take the copy on here and kind of go bit by bit and say, you know, all right, so take the headline. How could we make this a three out of four or a four out of four in the four u's?

Is that how you would do it? Like just go piece by Piece? No, I would, I would like, I would speak to the, the, the person about, okay, tell me about what it is. Tell me about this training, what's covered in this training. Unpack the training a bit more, explain the training to me.

Let's talk about the elements in the training. Let's talk about these l and e sales emails, which does stand out like Teddy said. And let's unpack that more to see if we can come up with some angles or some hooks to present them on the actual page, and then go back and apply the for yous. Okay. Very cool.

So we're gonna, so we're gonna come back to that in just a second. Teddy, is there anything that you would add? Is there any, anything that Michael and and John didn't say that you would, that you would do? Yeah, I, I would add a whole third dimension of like, I wouldn't, uh, before, I mean, I would take that third bullet. I would make it the headline.

I would get rid of that prehead, get rid of the buttons, get rid of the image, move the bolts to the left and put a form on the right. Okay. Just the whole structure of that hit top of the page. Okay. Tight.

Tighten it up and make the call to action clear. I like it. Okay. Very cool. Um, simple, straight, right to the point, Teddy.

I love it. Um, and so look, and so I love everything that you guys said. I really do. 'cause Michael, I think that, right, it's important to make sure that where we're coming from, we have clarity on that. We know, right?

Who the audience is, what they've seen, what they've heard, all that, right? Um, John, I love how you talked about, is this even the constraint? If it was being used, if it's super smart, if we had data on this and it was run, that's exactly where I would go. 'cause you might not, right? Like, it's not about feeling, it's about data.

If the data shows us that this page isn't a problem, then leave it alone regardless of how you feel about it. Um, uh, but I just wanna tap into something. Look, let me to simplify things. Sometimes I think that you guys think I'm asking you a question, like, with a trick, a trick question looking for, right? Like, um, here's where I would, I would begin, number one, I would take that third bullet and I would set it aside.

And right off the bat, I would just say to myself, like, look, I, I think that that third bullet, like Teddy said, really does have the potential to be used as a, um, as a headline. That being said, before I make that decision, what I'm gonna do, what I I would do is just go through the entire training. I would just pull up the training on the next page, and I would go through the training and I would open up a document, a blank document as I was going through that training. And I'm going to note, as I'm going through that training, the different promises that are being presented, like if there's, if there's, you know, promises, benefit statements throughout, I'm gonna make note of those. I'm gonna look for what is the overarching promise that's stated, making sure that, like, is it, is it what's being stated here, or is it articulated better or differently in a way that I find more compelling?

Um, and I'm gonna go through the, the, the training, taking notes. And ultimately what I'm looking for is, number one, I'm looking for how would I express the ordinary idea from the training more specifically with a mechanism. So like, right, I would look for how would I express the ordinary idea from the training, the overarching idea of the training, but with more specifics rather than just the easiest and most predictable way, uh, you know, for course, uh, course creators and coaches to hit, you know, regular 10 k months. Like what I, I would say it, like, I wouldn't try to keep it blind when I'm taking notes. I would say it.

So what is the ordinary idea, uh, with more specifics? And is there a mechanism that's being presented? And then what I would do is I would look to see does he present a mechanism? Does he present a mechanism that's just not named where he never names it, but there is an actual mechanism, um, in there. And, and, and, uh, and I would also, as I'm noting that stuff, I would look for other, other things like the l and e sales emails to see if there are other little gems in there.

Because ultimately, as I'm going through the presentation and as I'm taking notes, I'm ultimately, hopefully putting together kind of the, the, um, the seeds of what will end up being all the copy on here, meaning the notes that I'm taking, not some of the, some of the notes might, some of the notes might get trashed, but some of that stuff might end up getting used for the headline. Some of it may get used for a sub headline, some of it may get used for bullets and others may just get tossed. But ultimately that's where I'm, I'm gonna go through and I'm gonna look for what I want, knowing that, right, ultimately I want four uses. I wanna be able to have bullets that are three threes and fours on there. I want unique mechanisms throughout.

I want unique hacks throughout, unique tricks throughout. I want unique system in there. And so I'm, I'll, I'll look for those. I won't invent them or make 'em up if they're not there. But oftentimes marketers, they miss it because they're too close to it.

The marketers that are doing the marketing for their own stuff, they miss it just because they're so close to it. And so, um, I would really almost look at this like I would, with the exception of the third bullet, which I would set aside. 'cause I don't know if I'll be able to find anything more compelling than that. That might be the most compelling thing from the presentation. But my gut tells me that it, there'll be more of that kind of stuff.

And so I, I would look at this as a blank, uh, you know, a blank slate. And then I would go through the presentation and I would just look for those elements that I talked about. I'd look for more specificity. I'd look for more specific, um, promises. I'd look for more specific, you know, hacks, tricks, systems, methods, frameworks.

Like whether it's a big overarching one being presented or little ones, um, throughout. Uh, and then once I'm done going through the presentation, might have to go through it more than once, uh, my notes. Then I would take my notes and I would come back and I would rewrite the copy. Anything that, go ahead. I wanna, I would add that it's interesting, like, you know, 'cause we, you mentioned the part about, you know, if it, if it's your offer or if it's your copy, that typically were too close to it, right?

So while I, while I definitely see the value in going through the recording manually and doing everything you just said, like, my tendency would certainly be obviously to upload the transcript to AI and let AI find those things. Especially if it's copy I wrote, because I'm less likely to find those unique angles and things like that. Yeah. I think Than ai. And that, That's a great, that's a great tip.

I'm still, you know, old school. I'm probably taking my notes with a yellow legal pad and pen. And so, but that's absolutely, um, uh, yeah, you would do it that way. And I say that with love and admiration. Um, yeah, No, but I mean, if it was somebody else's offer, I, I would probably, I potentially would, could, would do it manually.

'cause again, like it's so much easier, easier to see, like, like I saw that third bullet immediately, right? But if it had been my offer, I probably would've buried the bullet, buried the head on too, right? Yeah. Just, It's so funny. I, I, I think, you know, and yeah, you're, yeah, you, you're absolutely right.

That's, you know, a shortcut and, and, um, and likely a great way to do it. I, I think what's interesting is, you know, that I'll, when I'm writing copy for my own stuff, for a presentation that, that I've given, I do the same thing. I go through it. Um, and because oftentimes, you know, I'll, when I'm, when let's say something is recorded already, and now I, I'm writing copy for it, let's just say, oftentimes I'm kind of thinking big picture of this presentation, of this training, and like, what's the big, big, you know, uh, the big pieces like the, the, the, the promise. What's the, the overarching framework that I'm presenting?

And I can forget that at minute 22, I set a little gem that has the potential to be something good, whether it's a subhead, whether it's a different angle, whether it's a bullet. And so I go through my own stuff the same way I almost approach it. I approach it as if I'm a copywriter brought in to write copy for this editor, for this expert, whatever. Uh, and now I'm gonna go through the training with a fine tooth comb to look for these little gems, these little hacks, these little statements, this weird way that I might have said it at this time, right? Uh, the odd phrase that I used over here.

'cause I couldn't think of anything else. And turns out it was a good phrase to use. And so, um, that's just how, uh, how I do it. Is there anything that you guys would, would add? 'cause I I wanna address one other thing afterwards.

Uh, but is there anything else that you would add? So I, I'll add, I'll add one small thing that, and this is something that I've certainly done in the past for, I try not to do it anymore, is like the, you mentioned something about the blank slate. And I think because we all have so many different landing pages that we've used in the past and so many different, we might duplicate a funnel, go in and duplicate a landing page, and then work off work the new copy off the old copy that was all for the old landing page and the old offer. And then we're starting from like a muddy, we're starting from a muddy start versus starting from a blank slate, like you said, and actually going through the, our program that we're writing copy for versus manipulating or changing old copy to suit this new offer that we're promoting. Yeah, I think that's like the funnel builders make it easy to do that, but we can fall into the trap of using old copy, but also using stuff that's probably been used said before in some way, shape, or form, versus actually starting with a blank slate and doing, doing what you said.

Yeah. I, I like that. You know, it's an interesting thing because there, you know, where, where I think, you know, I, I think that there is a practice that I, which I'll tell you in a second, that I think is smart. Um, but I as always, you know, us marketers, we tend to push the, the line and then we cross over the line into an area that's, that's not so smart. And the, the, the method that I'm really talking about is, is looking for the funnel or the, the, the marketing message kind of frameworks and structures that we can reuse.

Not the copy, but the, like, let's say the, the storyline. Like, let me show you something actually interesting. Let me pull this up over here. I wanna show you something really interesting. Hopefully this is still up.

You're saying something like maybe like the benefits, like having one emotional benefit, one financial benefit one. So here, let me show you this. So let me show you this. So this is new from, um, Porter, a couple weeks old. And so, um, and so you see this right here, a new form of money, not gold or cryptos is making some Americans wildly rich.

Everyone's legally entitled to this secret currency. But few know the first thing about it, this is very, very, like this is right, this is those of us that are students of, I, I love seeing this. It made me smile, right? But this is secret currency, like the secret, the secret currency. I've sh I think that might be in the big idea, um, swipe file that we have, or that's certainly somewhere that we've shared before.

It's that very similar narrative, that very similar approach. There's a, there's a new form of money that that was, there's a, there's a secret currency, and it was, it's hysterical to see secret currency in here, right? But that same narrative, that same storyline, right, um, can often be used over and over that. And what I mean by that is not the, the secret currency, but the idea that there's this, um, new, new thing, new, there's a, there's a different thing that people are using to get wealthy, right? Uh, it's making some people extraordinarily wealthy and it's open to the public, but yet few know about it.

Like that kind of framework, not the co not copying, not starting with the old copy, right? Start your, like, not, not just tweaking the old copy, but that storyline, that story angle, I don't know what you call it, the story framework, right? Um, can be used over and over, very similar, I guess you could say to the hero's journey, which is a framework, a story framework that's used over and over again, right? Like that's used over and over again. That's a framework that works well in copy.

There are a variety of different frameworks that we've seen just produce over and over in different industries. And different industries have different frameworks that have just repeatedly worked. It's just like things have been swapped out. But that storyline, that framework continues to work. This is an example of that.

A new form of money, not gold or cryptos is making some Americans wildly rich. Everyone's legally entitled to the secret currency. But few know the first thing about it that it's such, right? Now, this is an entirely different message and wildly compelling in my opinion. Um, and I'll, I'll send you guys the URL just Teddy, I know you'll enjoy going.

I'll send, send everybody the URL but framework. And so that is important. What John is saying is how people will, they, they pushed it from, you know, I'm gonna model a framework to, let me just go back to my old copy, pull up my old copy, and just make some tweaks and hope that I have something new. And so, but Teddy, you were gonna say something or add something. You know, what, what's, what makes that go back to the porter thing for a minute?

Like, what makes that most intriguing is the removal of the two obvious options, right? Like taking out gold and cryptos, it's like, all right now, well now what the hell are you talking about? Right? And, and right, hence, right? Like, look, it's such a great point because it's such a great point and, and worth discussing for a second because right, if you didn't have that in there, it allows people to make the judgment that, ah, he's probably, he's probably talking about cryptos, right?

Or he is probably talking about some form of crypto or some, right? Something related to that. And so it allows you to make a quick judgment, but he removed that. And so, right. That's a, that's a, that's a significant addition to the copy, not gold or cryptos.

This goes back to something that we've talked about before, which is, right, you've gotta anticipate what it is that people are gonna think and feel when they read the copy, because you might have to address it head on. This is an example of having to address it head on, because if he didn't say that tons of people would, I would, I would've made the judgment right away. I'm, I'm sure he is talking about cryptos. Yep. And so good call.

Anything else about this? And then I just wanna ask one other thing or make one other point, but anything else with this? I, I just have a quick question about your process that you explained. Yeah. You know, how you, you first, you go through the course and then you take your notes and then you go back and write the copy.

Is that, do you do that because you already know the audience, the course creators and coaches really well? I believe so, yes. In other words. So, um, you know, so I've recently, I recently started helping out and doing some copy, um, and marketing in one of, in, in one of the companies that we've partnered with, which is in the Christian space and in a denomination within the Christian space that I, I, I'm not at all familiar with. And so the very first thing that I had to do was familiarize myself with that denomination within the Christian space.

'cause I knew instantly, like I, I attended a live, uh, uh, a virtual live thing, and I, I was just paying attention to the chat mainly. And there was like a lot of vocabulary that I was like, I, I don't, I I, I'm seeing this for like the first time. It's like a different language to me. Um, and so I recognized, alright, this is like a, this is a different group of people. And so now I have to learn what it is, how they speak, what it is that they believe, what it is that they, they like to hear what it is that they don't like to hear.

What are the words and the phrases that are buzz words to them? What are the words and phrases that would immediately show them? Like, I'm not, you know, one of them. Like, it's very, very interesting how I almost felt like it was harder than, than, than the typical kind of niche. Because, you know, there are, there are more words and phrases that they use and more words and phrases that would indicate to them that I'm not part of the community, right?

Like, than typical, like, you know what I mean? Typical. And so then of course, I had to learn, um, you know, what they care about, which came from folks on the inside of the company, what they care about, what they're interested in, what they're struggling with, what the big problem is then, right? Looking at past promotions and what's worked in the past, right? And what hasn't worked in the, in the past.

And then, um, and then what I did was I looked at some of the competitors. Fortunately there wasn't that many, um, but I looked at competitors and got to see a lot of what it is that I learned about the vocabulary of the space and the main problems and the thing most desired being used in competitor. And that's where I began. Then I went to, okay, now that I have that as the backdrop, now let me go through the, um, the, the training. Because now, like I've said to you before, I have a filter for what to look for, right?

I have a filter for now what, what to look for. And it's very similar to what it is that I was saying, really, you know, over here that, right? And, and this is the final point that I really wanted to, to make, is that, you know, like I think you, you have to, when you're, when you're crafting copy, you have to know what you're ultimately looking for. Like, what I mean by that is that you're, you're not just looking for benefits, right? You're not just looking for a promise.

Yes. That's what we're taught to, to, to lead with, if you will, in copy. And yes, that's critical, but you, right? We're we're also looking for specifics. We're also looking for unique frameworks, unique hack hacks, unique methods, a unique approach, right?

And in order to know that kind of stuff, and to be able to see it, like intentionally look for it, you have to know the audience and know what it is that they care about and know what it is that they've heard and know what it is that they've seen. The only reason, right, like the only reason why Teddy was able to, to say like, why Teddy and I agree that this is like, I think we all agree that this is a good, that this is a good bullet, is because, right, because I've never, I don't know what l and e email sales emails are. I don't know what that is. I sat there and I tried to figure it out. What could l and e be?

What is L and E, L and E? I'm like, I'm not sure what that, like, I literally sat there for a second and I was like, I wonder what is that LE Could it be le? I don't know. And right. And so the point is that we, we, because we're part of the market and we know the market, we know that that's different, that's fresh.

But if I didn't start with that research, I would have no idea what would be fresh, what would be new, what would be different, what would be unique, what would be in alignment with them. And so I, and I think that my, the, the, the point that I'm trying to make here is that, um, I go into copy intentionally looking for those things that are going to be curiosity provoking, especially on a page like this, curiosity provoking things that people have never heard, right? Um, hacks, uh, you know, tweaks, things that are somewhat contrarian, um, controversial, uh, things that seem odd going, you know, going together, right? Like, like, like, you know, the, the weird, like, I think Carlin called it like the weird juxtaposition or whatever. Like the, you know, how I removed the most common element in my offer to make it an irresistible, like a weird combinations of, of things.

That's what I'm looking for. See? So I'm going into the copy, uh, excuse me, into the training, into the program, into the webinar recording with, you know, intentionally looking for those elements because I wanna use them on this page and I wanna find them on the page, right? And so I have those goggles on that filter on, that's what I'm looking for. And so, does that make sense?

Yeah. Yeah. Anything else, Michael, that you would add or ask? Uh, no, no, I just wanted, you know, like I said, it was, you know, understanding the audience is always so critical for me, and that's why I ask. I, and I, I could, you know, look, I got to see it firsthand, you know, like firsthand, there was no, absolutely without question.

There was no way that I would've been able to write, um, effective copy and tell you the truth. I still think that I have a lot of room to grow in understanding, um, the, the, the marketplace. And so it's, it's one of those things where that part of the process really just doesn't, you know, it, it, it doesn't end certainly no time soon for the majority of marketers and entrepreneurs also because markets evolve. And like we've talked about so many times before, what was a problem six months ago might not be a problem anymore, right? What is a pain point today?

Might not have been a pain 0.4 months ago or five months ago. What's now exciting, right? Maybe once wasn't, or what was maybe is no longer exciting. And so markets change. So you gotta continue to be a student of the market first and foremost, and let the market tell you what to say, right?

Let the market tell you what they need to hear to buy, rather than you try to invent it and come up with it. And one of the biggest mistakes I think that you can make, and I've made this mistake before, is merely going on the assumption that, you know, like, right, like, in other words, not putting in the legwork to really identify it, but assuming like that this is what they want, or I know what they want, or I know what's meaningful, right? Like, and cutting out the research too early. And so, John, anything that you would add or ask? No, I think that's it.

Okay. Teddy, Uh, I mean, it's a longer discussion, unfortunately, but I mean, maybe just answer it real quick. Like, so is it safe to assume though that all of these principles and techniques and tactics and strategies that we use to persuade people to take action apply universally? Or is it possible that, for example, an ultra high net worth CEO who's super busy doesn't have time for this crap and it's not as effective to certain different identities, let's say? Well, I think the, look, I, I think that I'll, I'm gonna answer it in two ways.

So one is I think that look, persuasion is, you know, I think that there are certain, certain triggers to human beings that are persuasive and work across the board I work we can play with, right? Because I think that there is nuances, how effective, you know, like, let's say, you know, authority, you know how effective authority is on a high net worth individual, or the impact of authority on a high net worth individual might be less than the impact on somebody of, of low net worth. Um, uh, you know, curiosity, while it works across the board, it might have a different level of impact on somebody who's high net worth compared to somebody who's lower net worth, just as an example. They all work across the board because it's about the human mind. It's not about the, um, status or anything like that.

It's more about how the human mind works, uh, than it is anything else. That being said, what I would say is everybody can be persuaded. The question is how, and what I mean by that is that the process that we use with a high net worth individual to persuade them may be wildly different than what we use for somebody else, just because they're not gonna sit down. They're, they're not, let's say, let's say ultra high net worth individuals are not, you know, let's say just as an example, they're not spending an endless hours on YouTube watching random videos, or they're not consuming just random content. Maybe they're having somebody curate their content for them that they consume on a, on a daily basis, right?

And so therefore, in order to get our stuff in front of them, we might have to radically change our approach. Like publishing a sale, a long form sales letter for an ultra high net worth individual may not be the way to go because they're not gonna consume it. Maybe we've gotta publish something that looks like, you know, it's a, you know, magog that looks like the Wall Street Journal, or maybe it's a, we publish a book with their name on it, on, you know, on the cover, right? It's a, it's a paperback book and it says the story of whatever, you know, Bob Smith, ultra high net worth individual facts revealed inside, you know, nobody else knows about him. And we do that.

Like, I don't, but everybody can be persuaded, right? Everybody can be persuaded. We just have to learn what, what, what would persuade them and how, how can we get our message in front of them and get our message consumed? And that's where things could be wildly different, but everybody can be persuaded, right? Like everybody be, can be persuaded to buy something, invest in something, given the right information.

Now, what I mean by that, I just wanna be crystal clear about this, right, is that I don't want, I'm not saying that we can come up with some weird gimmick and persuade anybody. We just have to figure out that I'm not saying, I'm saying if they're, if they have an interest in something, if they're have, if they have a problem and they're looking for a solution, then yes, there is a way that anybody can be persuaded that this solution is the right solution over all the others. Does that make sense? Is that helpful at all? Yeah.

Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. Um, and I think the, you know, the, the, the bigger thing to really look at, right, is to look at, uh, uh, things like what Cialdini presented, like commitment and consistency, you know, um, authority, social proof. Like those are the strategies that work because of, uh, um, the way the human mind works because of human beings. But tactically how we use those, right?

That changes over time and should change over time as people become resistant to things. And so, and as some people don't respond to things, right? Some groups are very, very moved by, you know, like by what the crowd does. And then there are others that go against the crowd. Well, if we were talking to a bunch of those people, maybe we wouldn't use social proof, we would use some of the other triggers instead.

So it's a, it's, it's a matter of knowing, um, who you're talking to and adapting tactically how we go about trying to persuade them. Hope that helps. And not con doesn't confuse anybody, but there you go. Appreciate you guys sharing, uh, you know, how you would approach this. Like I said, for me, still very much old school it, Ted, what, what would take me probably three hours Teddy could have done in the next eight minutes.

Um, and so with ai, but nevertheless, that's my thing. Going in consuming, treating it as if I'm brought in as somebody else intentionally looking for the elements that I know I want on this page and making sure, I think John said it a number of times and I think that he is spot on. Really, we want as close to the four uses, three U, three to four use, right? Because we want something unique. We want something ultra specific.

We want something u useful. Like we want, you know, uh, we want that type of content, not commoditized, not ordinary, not plain Jane. And so there you go. Thank you guys. You are outta here.

I'll see you next week. Thanks. Done? Yep.
