---
title: "cc_ 2024-06-25"
date: 2024-06-25
duration: 46m
duration_seconds: 2813
vimeo_id: 968178244
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-06-25

**Date:** 2024-06-25 | **Duration:** 46m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right, so today we may end up talking about a couple of different things. I have a slide deck prepared that I want to go over with you. Uh, depending on how we cruise through that, that may be the topic that we, we, we cover today, which is really the six big needle movers in a marketing campaign. Like the, the six big things, the six big elements that we really ultimately wanna make sure are there when we're engineering a, um, a campaign. We've talked about this topic numerous times before.

Uh, and so this is nothing new, but as always, I really feel like, look, you know, we don't need new for new sake. We need to talk about what works, and we need to continue to keep out in front of us What works. You know, everybody in the, in the marketplace tends to be hungry for new. They want the new, the cutting edge, the right, the, the, the shiny object thing. And the reality is, is that when I look around the marketplace and I look at why a lot of entrepreneurs and marketers are struggling, it's not because they're lacking the new thing.

It's because they're missing one or more pieces, one or more of the foundational pieces, the foundational elements. And the reality is, is that so many more people would be wildly successful if they focused on mastering and executing on the foundational elements, the basics. This today is one of those topics, and I really feel like if you had a campaign or have a campaign that meets these kind of six criteria or nails, these big six needle movers, um, you've got the potential for something big. Before we get there, I wanna share something. Uh, I, I wanna share just a, a, a, a quick lesson.

So, um, I love, and it's totally aside from these six big needle movers, but it's a valuable copy lesson. Uh, and so I, I love watching, I, I don't remember who I was having the conversation with, but, um, I was telling somebody that I love watching. Um, oh, it was at top one. I was talking about how I enjoy watching peers. Morgan, I don't know if any of you, you watch peers on YouTube.

I love watching Pi Morgan. I, you know, uh, because I love seeing the debates amongst the, um, the guests. And I love seeing the way that, you know, some of them give great arguments. Some of them give just empty arguments. Some of them use tons of logical fallacies and, you know, uh, and, uh, ad hominem attacks and, and all this stuff.

And I enjoy it. Well, I was watching this recent video with Pi Morgan, where he was talking to, I believe it was actor Dennis Qua. And Dennis Quaid, um, told a story of, uh, well, they were talking, I believe, about Dennis Hopper and then Pier, the actor Dennis Hopper. And then Pi Morgan told a story about, um, Dennis Hopper when he interviewed Dennis Hopper. I actually looked this up, and it's a little bit different from the way that I'm gonna share it with you in the way it actually played out, but I don't wanna confuse you.

So, PI Morgan is interviewing Dennis Hopper. Dennis Hopper is talking about the time when he worked on a movie many, many, many, many years ago when he was, I, I believe, 18 years old with James Dean. So, legendary Hollywood actor, Dennis Hopper is working on a film with James Dean. And the, as the story goes, the way Piers Morgan presented it, Dennis Hopper was nervous around James Dean. He thought that James Dean was the greatest actor he ever saw work.

He made everything look incredibly natural. It flowed, he was blown away, Dennis Hopper. And so, when they were shooting a scene, as Pi Morgan tells it, where Dennis Hopper was, uh, to drink a cup of coffee, he, I guess, was sitting with James Dean, and he was to drink a cup of coffee. And they kept doing, uh, you know, retakes on this, on this scene. Dennis Hopper's nervous, he's not getting it exactly right.

They, they, they yell, cut one more time, whatever. And I guess as the story goes, James Dean leans over and he says to Dennis Hopper, is it all right if I give you a piece of advice in how to deliver the scene? Uh, and Dennis Hopper says, absolutely. And James Dean says to him, um, instead of trying to act like you are drinking a cup of coffee, just drink the cup of coffee. And the beauty in that, to me, what I immediately took from that, like where my mind immediately went, was it immediately went to when people sit down and they, they write copy, and they try to write copy, they try to sound like copy.

They try to use copy words, they try to emulate a copywriter or copy, when really they just need to say it, right? Like, just say it. This is right. Like Michael, you and I, we like with coaching, you know, students have seen many times where we would take a chunk, a paragraph, and we would ask somebody like, what were you trying to say here in this paragraph? And they would say, I was just trying to say X, Y, Z.

And we would say, well, then why don't you just say X, Y, Z? Like, why the need for the whole, right? All of this flare and whatnot. And so, to me, that was just a great illustration of like, instead of acting like you're drinking the cup of coffee, just drink the cup of coffee, man. Like, instead of trying to act like a copywriter, instead of trying to whip up copy, instead of trying to sound like a copywriter, instead of, you know, trying to write copy, just say what needs to be said, just say it right and just say it.

And so, um, lot of, uh, lot of value there to really kind of, um, uh, think about. And so with that, let me go over, let me share my screen, and then let's do this right here. So this, uh, six pig needle movers in any marketing campaign. And so, uh, and we've talked about all of these, um, before, right? And we've talked about all of these numerous times before.

So this is nothing new. But again, this is a, just a great reminder, a critical reminder. So the first one, and I would say this is not necessarily in any ideal order, even though I, I, I do believe that, um, you'll see it kind of flows from like the way that I would be thinking about things in that order. It does, but it doesn't, it there, it's not in order of priority per se. And so that's, this is the pain level of the problem being targeted, right?

Like, how painful is the problem to the prospect? We know that the more painful the problem is for the prospect, the more they value a solution we know, right? Like John has used in past trainings, past weekly trainings, right? The whole idea of a bleeding neck problem, right? Which is something that's been talked about in the direct response world, like, right?

Like in an ideal world, you don't want, you don't wanna target nuisance nuisance problems. You want to target bleeding neck problems. And the more severe, the more significant, the more painful, the more costly, the more damaging the problem is, the more valuable the solution is as well, the more urgency there is naturally to get a solution. And so, right, how painful is the problem? Or what is the pain level of the problem, the situation, the circumstance that we are targeting?

Are we targeting something that would be nice to have? Or are we targeting something that is essential? Are we targeting something that, right, like, um, is, uh, potentially lifesaving? Or are we targeting something that is, uh, is, you know, uh, like I said, is, is a mirror, you know, is a, is a nuisance? And so you guys can see my screen A okay, just, okay.

So, um, and so, right, we, we've talked about this before, the pain level of the problem being targeted. And so this really, you know, it, it goes back to, you know, you could make the argument, we could have a have a discussion certainly of, you know, of when you are early in the examination stage, or when you're really early in the research stage, if you're just getting into, you know, if you're thinking of starting a business, right? If you're very early on in the processes and you're kind of looking at different markets and looking at different audiences, well, certainly part of audience selection is not only, you know, total addressable market is not only, right? Like, is the, is the audience growing? Um, you know, do they have money?

Are they accessible? But part of that kind of analysis is what is the type of problem or problems that they have that we could potentially solve, and what's the level of pain associated with those problems, right? So it's not just how big is the market and how accessible is the market, and is the market growing and does the market have cash and do they spend that cash, but it is, right. Like, you know, what is the severity of the problems that they have that we would potentially be, um, addressing? And so anybody have anything that they would add to that?

I mean, I think it's pretty straightforward. Good. Okay. Next is the, uh, you know, how arresting, uh, the idea hook or angle is, right? Like, you know, I, I think, and you know, there, there's a lot of, I don't wanna say complexity to this, but, you know, arresting how arresting something is, how compelling something is, how significantly something grabs attention, says a lot, can say a lot about the marketplace even before the idea, meaning that, right?

That in some markets that are extremely saturated, that are extremely crowded, that are, uh, filled with marketing campaigns and advertisements and sales messages and whatnot. Well, the level that you need in, in terms of how arresting the idea is compelling, how just, you know, does it grab them by the, you know, the shirt collar, so to speak, it, what it's going to take in that market is going to be significantly more than what it may take in another market. In another market. You may not need this, you know, um, off the chart, uh, you know, uh, compelling idea to grab attention, right? And so, like, ultimately what you're looking for is, is this idea hook angle arresting enough to cut through the noise in your marketplace, what that level of noise is, and competition for attention is, is obviously different in every, in every marketplace.

So I, I guess my, my little kind of nuance in that presentation that, that I'm trying to share with you is that the way that I would go about engineering and developing an idea and a hook and an angle would be different in a far less competitive, far less saturated marketplace than one that is far more competitive and far more saturated. Remember that ultimately the idea of the, the, the hook, the angle, the marketing idea is to get attention, is to cut through the noise, is to stand out as having something, uh, something different, to say something fresh. Ultimately, again, the purpose is to get a tension, right, to cut through the noise. And so what it takes in one marketplace, uh, might be significantly less than what it takes in another marketplace. This is also why it's so important that you always understand, uh, pay attention to what the marketplace is seeing.

This is why, like, you know, I know people hate, you know, the, the, the, a lot of people dislike doing the, the examination process, keeping their finger on the pulse of the market. But if you don't have your finger on the pulse of the market, then you don't know what the market is already hearing, what the market is already seeing, what the, what the market considers to be. Old news, old hat, what the market is already being inundated with, what the market is no longer responding to what the market no longer really talks about, right? You gotta keep your finger on the pulse of the market, or else how are you going to know what is arresting, part of knowing what is, uh, is going to be potentially arresting, is knowing what it is that they've already heard, seen, um, responded to, stopped responding to, and so on. And so, make sense?

Yeah. Todd, can you maybe just as it's just an assumption on myself, but you're, when you're talking about the arresting level of the marketing idea, you're talking purely about just the idea how can angle and not the quality of the overall messaging, Correct? Correct. Okay. Yes.

Because in this case, like, look, this is the, this is the thing, right? That if there's, you know, a boring, ordinary idea, people aren't even gonna engage with it. You know what I mean? Like, people aren't even going to engage with the copy. And so this is why, like, look, you know, this is why you often, you, you have to take things, you have to sometimes look at things when we're engineering a campaign and thinking about campaigns in isolation, because right?

Like, we have to look at what is the, what is the idea and what's the quality of the idea, knowing what we know about the market, how arresting is the idea. Because if, if we combine the idea, the hook, the angle with the copy and the offer, right? Like, like, and we're kind of, we're judging that we're judging the entire marketing message, if you will, or marketing campaign, the, the, you know, the hook, the idea, the lead, the, the, the marketing argument, the offer, all that stuff. Um, we could miss the fact that may, maybe people won't engage with this. Maybe our, you know, people won't click on this, people won't be interested in it.

Ultimately, the idea, the hook, the angle, and the way that we communicate that idea hook angle, is there to get attention, is there to get people to start the, um, to start to engage with the video sales letter or the long form sales letter. And this is why, right? Then, like if you look at, I believe it was Joe Sugarman, who was the one who really talked about this, right? That's why like, look, we come up with it a really, a really interesting, really compelling novel, sometimes contrarian, uh, sometimes controversial idea hook angle. And then we figure out what is the most enticing, most compelling way to communicate that in the headline or the deck copy, right?

And ultimately, the purpose of the deck copy, if we're thinking long form sales letter, is to then get them to read the first sentence, right? Joe Sugarman talked about, and then, right. What's the purpose of the first sentence? Get them to read this second sentence and create that slippery slope so that it's harder for them to disconnect from the sales letter than it is to continue with it. And look, I, I think that that's a healthy way, a sound way to really look at these different pieces, to recognize in this instance that the idea is all about getting somebody to stop, say, huh, and, and want to hear more, right?

And want to continue. And if the idea just isn't good, if the idea hook angle is playing, Jane is ordinary, is old, is dated, is like going out of fashion, then people aren't even gonna engage, and they're not gonna hear the message. They're not gonna see the offer, and they're gonna be gone. And so I really feel like the idea is, you know, especially in crowded, saturated markets, the idea that you use to break through that noise in a market to get attention for your marketing message, is it becomes even that much more critical, right? And so, makes sense, okay?

The uniqueness of the mechanism, I mean, this really is, you know, you know, like plain and simple, right? How unique is the mechanism? How different is the mechanism, like from everything else they've tried? And I, I mean, look, at the end of the day, I really truly believe that, look, I, I believe that, uh, I believe in a, a couple of things. Number one, I believe that the mechanism is more important today than ever before.

I shared this in a recent, you know, in a recent video, you know, uh, that I put on YouTube, and I think I actually also talked about this in this little q and a video that I did, um, last week for the, for the Facebook group that like, you know, if you really look at the Ozempic craze, the, and all those, the, the, the majeure, all those kind of, you know, those, um, peptide, you know, uh, supplements or drugs, whatever you wanna call 'em for weight loss, if you really look at it, it's a whole new mechanism, right? That's what it is. It's a, it's a new mechanism. Granted, right? It's promising, you know, it's fast and easy, or I really should say it's easy.

It's an injection, right? And then fast, faster compared to traditional dieting, but it's certainly not, you know, it, it, it's certainly not, um, necessarily, it's not a faster and easier, you know, um, uh, diet. It's not a better, uh, exercise program. It's not a better supplement, it's a different mechanism. It's a drug that actually works by a different mechanism in the body, right?

And so this is why there are people that are like, maybe this is the thing that's been missing all on. I've tried all the diets, I've tried all the exercise programs, I've tried, you know, these crazy supplements. I've tried these fat burns, I've tried these fast. None of those things work. Maybe this, this mechanism, the, what this drug addresses in my body is the, is the thing, is the thing that I've been missing, right?

Maybe this is the thing. And so, like, look, I think the, the mechanism today, especially in crowded and saturated and sophisticated markets, is more important than, um, than ever. And, and I think the true mechanisms where, meaning, where, where it is more about, it's more about a real unique mechanism developing and offering a real unique mechanism, uh, compared to just a foe mechanism. Uh, and compared to even just slapping a name on, in other words, meaning that, meaning that it's people that are, let me kind of take a step back 'cause we're getting, we're we're getting outside of this for one second, but it's worth me sharing with you where my mind is at. It's people that are looking for different ways to solve longstanding problems.

And those different ways to solve those longstanding problems end up leading to new unique mechanisms, right? So it is, it is the people that are looking for different solutions to existing problems, different types of solutions, really, I should say, when in, in this context, when I say different solutions, I'm almost using different solutions, different mechanisms, synonymously, because right, ultimately when you look for what is a different way to solve the, the weight loss or, or, you know, weight, uh, epidemic, right? Besides exercise, besides diet, besides hunger, besides surgery, right? Like, what is another angle? What is another, and I don't mean another angle in terms of marketing in terms of a hook.

I mean, what is a different way to solve this problem, right? Sometimes these things come about through looking at identifying, we've identified a different potential root cause of the problem, and we have a solution for that potential new root cause, and therefore, that new solution becomes a new, unique mechanism. I know I'm, I'm kind of going deep on this, but right, my point is that I, I think like when you really, when, when you, when you truly have a legit unique mechanism for solving the problem, and you can explain why it works with support, with evidence. Like we, like we teach, like we demonstrate in the E five method, you've got something powerful. And so, I, I really believe more so than ever before that today, having a unique mechanism that you can explain that you can provide evidence for that is logical.

That makes sense. That does lead the prospect to say, Hmm, I get it. I see it. Now, I, I understand, right? That's when you have something powerful.

And so the more unique that mechanism is, and the more you're able to support it, uh, in terms of evidence, in terms of some proof and proof in terms of an argument, uh, the more powerful it is, the more of a needle mover. Um, it is anything that anybody would add to that. I'll tell you where I believe we're going, and I'm giving you a taste of something that I've been working on, really working on, and I've mentioned this. Um, and I think I'm very close to really being able to share this with, um, with some folks, is I really believe that in many markets we are really seeing this, um, this, uh, people in the, in stage four of the, um, promise exposure spectrum, where we're seeing tons of mechanisms and we're seeing tons of expanded mechanisms. And now, right?

It's ultimately, you know, competing with just a mechanism, even an expanded mechanism in that stage is now starting to become more of noise because everybody is using, lots of people are using a mechanism, an expanded mechanism, right? They're like everybody and their brother in markets that are filled with savvy direct response marketers, it feels like everybody and their brother is coming out with, uh, a mechanism, whether it is a faux mechanism or not, right? There are just lots and lots of mechanisms being presented. And so this is when what we know from the promise exposure spectrum, and now you're, you're actually living this out. What you've heard me talk about what Jean Schwartz talked about, what Mark sch Ford talked about, um, we're seeing this actually play out this evolution through the promise exposure spectrum where, you know, make a promise and then next stages expand the promise.

And then the next stage is unique mechanism plus promise. And then the next stage is, you know, um, um, the promise and expanded unique mechanism. And then the next stage is really focusing on the prospect, right? Focusing on the prospect. And the thing is, is that this is where I really think, and we've talked about this before, this is why I believe because this, this kind of clicked for me, ready for this, this is, you're getting this here first.

That, that, that's why I believe that the in crowded and saturated markets diagnostic copy is doing so well. And we, we talked about right? Diagnostic copy, because diagnostic copy really is copy that's first and foremost about the prospect, right? And so it is about the prospect's real underlying problem rather than, it's not the promise of the solution, it's not the unique mechanism. Uh, it's not the promise of the solution expanded.

It's not the unique mechanism of the solution, it's right. It really is. It's a form of talking about the, um, prospect. And so, right, we're seeing this evolution firsthand in, in many markets or we're, we're seeing this kind of move, right? To wow, hacked stage four, gotta go to stage five.

One of the things that we're right, that we're seeing work really well in those crowded, saturated markets is that diagnostic copy, right? Is the diagnostic copy, um, which still utilizes a unique mechanism, but it is first diagnostic in nature. The problem that the prospect is dealing with, the real root cause that they're dealing with. And I, you know, I'm thrilled to see that because it's even more education based, right? Than, um, than traditional copy.

And so we're gonna be talking a lot more, um, about that. But the uniqueness of the mechanism, anything that anybody would add, no good next is right obvious the speed and ease of the solution, the e right? The faster the solution works, the easier it is to reap the benefit of the solution, right? The better the marketing campaign is gonna do. We know that, right?

And this is really, ultimately, this is important because, right, if you remember, we talked about really thinking about the offer, the offer as two main components, the proposition, which is on here, uh, which might as well just go down here, the irresistibility of the offer, or I should really say the proposition, right? Like this is, this is what you're gonna pay. This is what you, you get, these are the deliverables, these are the benefits. These, these are the bonuses, right? This is the risk reversal, blah, blah, blah.

That the offer is really composed of those two elements. It's how irresistible is the proposition and how attractive is the solution. And a big part of what makes a solution attractive is the speed and ease of it, how easy it is to use, right? And how quickly it works, the easier it is to use, right? And the quicker it works to produce the result, the more attractive that solution is, the slower it is.

And the more difficult it is, the less attractive it is. And so, when thinking about the offer, right? Like, 'cause I've said to you guys before that an unattractive solution, no matter how irresistible the, the, the proposition gets or appears, no matter how good the proposition is, like, take it home, try it for a month, you know, only if you love it, pay, right? Even that will struggle to overcome an unattractive solution. Like if the solution is brutal to use, if it's a slog, if it takes a lot of work, if it takes a lot of time, if it takes a lot of effort, if it takes a lot of, uh, uh, investment on my part, uh, um, energy, if it takes up a lot of space, whatever, and it's very slow, right?

Even if the proposition is over the top in terms of it's a soft offer and then you have a, a lifetime guarantee and blah, blah, blah, that's, that's still gonna struggle because the solution, the, ultimately the thing that I'm gonna be using or benefiting from is not attractive. And so you want both, you ideally want an attractive solution coupled with an irresistible proposition to get that attractive solution. And so speed and, um, and ease speed and knees goes hand in hand with irresistibility of the proposition. I just wrote irresistibility of the offer, because that's the way most people refer to it. Or think of what I label as the proposition together, the right, the irresistibility of the proposition and the attractiveness of the solution together to me, right?

Make up what the, what the offer is, and then the believability of the claims. And I think this was, this was almost, you know, this was almost going to be the topic really, of what it is that we were gonna talk about today. The entire call was just gonna be, you know, about believability. Because really, ultimately, at the end of the day, the, the reality is, is that, you know, on some level, and I think that this is, this is important on, on, on some level, people don't buy when they, when they don't believe, right? They, they, they don't believe and, and they are multiple things that they might not believe.

They might not believe that the product or service can produce the result. They might not believe that the product or service can produce the result as easily as is being conveyed. They may not believe that the product or service can produce the result as quickly. They might not believe that the product or service applies to them and their business. They might not believe that they'll be able to, um, you, you know, uh, um, use it themselves based on their own experience, based on their own prior failures.

Uh, they might not believe, um, the backstory, um, behind it or some other aspect of the narrative of the, um, of the copy. They might not believe some aspect of the, um, of the offer. Like they might not believe that even though you say that there's a hundred percent, you know, uh, money back guarantee, they might not believe that you're gonna get that. There's always some level of disbelief or lack of belief, I should say, on the part of the, on the part of the prospect, assuming, right? That they're interested in, in what it is that you're offering, right?

That they have the, the problem that, right? The reason why they don't buy is because there is some level of, of, of unbelief. Uh, they lack belief. And I think that this is why, for me, the thing that I was really gonna dive into that we've talked about before that I think is just so important, is this is why I am so sensitive today when reviewing, um, you know, top one clients with their copy, talking to them through ideas that, you know, how believable is this, right? Like, how believable is the cl the, the, the copy?

How believable is the promise? And sometimes like, look, this is, and I wanna be careful that we don't go down a rabbit hole here, but, uh, maybe, we'll, maybe we can have a conversation about this next week, maybe, but, you know, sometimes it is, you know, something might not be believable because of what you're claiming, like, or what you're stating or what you're promising, right? Like, you know, something might also not be believable just by the sheer nature, uh, uh, uh, by which you're saying it, in other words. So sometimes there is, right? The claim itself is just not believable, or the promise itself is not believable, the benefit that you're conveying that they'll, it's just not believable, or the backstory just isn't believable, or the idea is so outrageous.

Um, and so, um, contrarian that it's not believable other times it's just the way that something is being communicated. They've chosen to communicate it in a way with adjectives, adverbs, you know, copy words that, you know, make it sound like fluff sometimes when something, when something sounds vague, and it sounds like marketing, or it sounds like sales speak, it makes it that much harder to believe it, right? Like, in other words, it makes it that much harder to believe it because it sounds like a sales pitch. It sounds like marketing. And so the reality is, right, like I'm very sensitive to, is this believable?

Because I would rather have a smaller promise that is believable than a bigger one that's not, of course, we want, right? We, you know, like, look, I, you know, I, I I want, I'm not saying I want to go after I, I wanna that I want you to say small things, right? Like I, you know, that I want you to make small promises and use small benefit statements. That's not what I'm saying. What I'm saying is that it doesn't matter how big of a promise something is, if it's not believed, right?

If it's not believed, no one's gonna respond to it. And so it doesn't matter how big it is, right? It's gotta be, right? It's gotta be big enough to warrant them responding, right? But not so big where it's not believable anymore.

And right? And that's the same thing with the rest of the copy. It's gotta be compelling. It's gotta be right? It's gotta be interesting.

It's gotta be, it's exciting. It's gotta get their heart racing quicker, but it can never cross over that line where it's no longer believable, where you start to raise, you know, doubt in their, in their mind, like, where they start to be like, no way. Like, that's just not possible. It's not feasible, or that's just sounds ridiculous. Or man, this sounds just like one big gigantic, you know, sales pitch.

And so it is a fine line. It, it, you know, we do have to find that balance. But believability is, is at the end of the day, it's the game. Like, we're not just making claims. We're not just making as big of claims as we can possibly make.

We're we need to make claims that are believable, right? That are believable, that are acceptable, right? Like for prospects. And so these are the six big needle movers, the pain level of the promise, uh, of the problem being targeted, right? Is that pain level high?

Uh, how arresting is the marketing idea? Angle hook, the uniqueness of the mechanism, the speed and ease of the solution, or the attractiveness of the solution, the believability of the claims that you're making, and the irresistibility of the proposition or the what's typically referred to as the offer portion of the marketing message. We've talked about every one of these before. We've talked about this before. But these are things that, right, you really, you should never forget, you should always keep out in front of you when you're looking at solutions, right?

Like, how, how fast does this work? How easy is this to use? Can we make it easier to use? Can we make it produce faster results, right? Um, you know, um, is this enough, um, evidence support?

Are these claims so big that I need an excessive amount of evidence and support that now I risk getting boring? You know, uh, you know, over here all of these things are just, these are, these are needle movers much more so than, uh, many other things that get people hung up. And so anything that you guys would add to this? Go ahead, Michael. Yeah, just quick, this might be another topic altogether, but from time to time, we get clients and they have service that's not, that doesn't really address, um, a bleeding neck problem.

You know what I mean? Yeah. And so, like, maybe they're successful because they have a lot of authority, have a lot of branding or whatever, um, but they, they start searching for the bleeding neck problem, and they come up with, you know, tons, uh, several list full of problems that none of 'em are bleeding neck. So I, I, I don't know if this is like another topic altogether. No, I I think it's a, you know, look, I think this goes back to one of that, and I, um, you know, I, I so appreciate you bringing this up because right, it, it highlights the fact that like, I, I've told, you know, like I've shared with Teddy numerous times that, you know, there, you know, like there not, there, there are almost no hard and fast rules in marketing because there's so many nuances.

Like, look, the reality is, is that there are tons of businesses that don't address a bleeding neck problem. You, you know what I mean? Like, there's tons of businesses that do not address a, um, a bleeding neck problem. So this is not to say in any way, shape, or form that if you, if you have a business that doesn't address a bleeding neck problem, that you're not gonna be able to be successful. That's not at all, right?

Like what, what I'm saying, right? These are big needle movers in, in a marketing campaign. These are things that like, can move the needle in a big way. You right? You just need to be aware of, like, you know, um, you need to be aware of, there are certain markets that are, are not gonna have a bleeding neck problem, therefore they might not place the same level of value on the solutions being sold as another market.

Let, let's just take, you know, uh, uh, the laundry, like when you, you go, you, the dry cleaner, you bring your clothes in to have dry cleaned, right? The majority of people, that's not really a bleeding neck problem. You know what I mean? Like, you, you could come up with a rare scenario of a potential bleeding neck problem. I, and I don't even know if we could, it's not a bleeding neck problem, right?

You, you know, you're not gonna be selling too many high ticket offers as a dry cleaner to, um, to people, right? It's just the nature of the business. It doesn't mean that you can't have a successful dry cleaning business by any stretch of the imagination. It just means that it's, it's not as, um, the marketing that we do there is not gonna be as emotionally powerful as the marketing that we would, we could do for, you know, nerve pain or something like that. And so, um, you know, I would also go with like, look, you know, let's look at, let's do the, the, the, the dry cleaner.

I mean, you know, am I saying that the dry cleaner should look for a, an arresting, you know, big marketing idea to run with? Um, probably not. You know, I would probably figure out how, if I was, you know, if, if, if I partnered with a dry cleaner, I would figure out how to craft a, uh, a great front end offer that brought people in, and then I would compete on economics in the business, right? Um, unless there was something wildly unique about what that dry cleaner did. Like, so in other words, there are some businesses that just force you to go in a little bit of a different direction than others there, right?

And so I, that, that, that topic in and of itself, we could really, we could really go, uh, go deep on, I don't know if that helps or hurts or, but, you know, thank you. Yep. You got it. So I was gonna offer an extra one, but you mentioned the dear Todd is the, um, the actual economics of a campaign is a needle mover. Yeah.

And so what would you, how would you unpack that a little bit more? So when you say in this context that the economics, what do you mean in this context? What do you mean? That the economics are a needle mover? So like, let's say for someone who's like, like either they're looking to to go into another industry or another, another niche or whatever, and they're looking at what everybody else is doing and looking at how everybody else is pricing their things, and if to do research on what it, like, what, you know, click costs and average costs are in the space, and then they, they position everything.

They're around where they can, they know going in from the beginning that they're going to, like, they're gonna play the economic game versus play the I need to get better than everybody else game. Yeah. I mean, I, I, I think that, you know, that's such a great, that's such a great point that that's, you know, That's kind of like echoing what you touched on in top one. You know, Ironically, that was the third thing that I was gonna talk about today, which we're, we're not, we're, you know, we're, we're out of time. But you know, what John is bringing up right now is really, is even bigger than, uh, I, I almost, I i, I would just put it as really what John is ultimately talking about is, is the difference between, between, between China, you know, between playing an economic game as a business and playing a marketing performance game.

And we, we talked about this before, like this is, this is probably one of the biggest, most valuable lessons that I've really, I've really kind of shared with our top one folks. Uh, I've really spent more time thinking about this like over the last two years than possibly anything else. And let me get rid of this so that it, it, it really comes down to what John is saying. I'll, I'll plant the little seed. We somewhat started to talk about this a handful of weeks ago.

Uh, I did two full presentations on this at our, our most recent top one. And it's like, look, I'm gonna, I'm gonna boil it down. I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say it like this, that the, the, the weird thing that I think a lot of marketers do when trying to acquire new buyers and looking at the cost to acquire the buyer and the value of the buyer, try to follow me here, okay? And I'm willing to spend a few more minutes hang out with you guys if Michael Adida, you really have, have questions about this. But what they do is they look at the cost to acquire a buyer, and they look at the value of a buyer, and they ultimately look at those two things, mainly within the context of their single front end campaign.

And when they're ultimately talking about the cost to acquire a buyer, let's call it CPA or customer acquisition costs, however you wanna refer to it, the cost to acquire a buyer. They're making that calculation based on their front end campaign, and when they're then ultimately looking at the value of a buyer, and many are looking at it as the a OV that is produced from that one campaign, and they're determining how scalable that campaign is based on those numbers, right? So they're, what they're ultimately thinking about is, I need to have a scalable campaign. I need to have a campaign, a funnel that's got the right CPA, the right A OV. And so I need this campaign to convert as many buyers as possible, you know, for this, you know, of this core offer and right to bring down the cost per acquisition, and I need people to spend as much money as possible on different upsells, blah, blah, blah, as possible.

And right? Ultimately that is competing on marketing performance. The marketing performance of that campaign. What John is really talking about when he, when, when we say competing on economics, is recognizing that, that why do you, why do you, why can't you have several campaigns that contribute to a decrease in cost per acquisition? In other words, right?

Why can't you have multiple campaigns that all, um, are are there to turn more prospects into buyers? In other words, let's say we've got campaign A, let's say, right? That we've got campaign A and campaign A acquired a hundred buyers out of a thousand prospects, a hundred buyers out of a thousand prospects, right? Well, why can't we have another campaign that goes behind that that ultimately converts another 100 of those thousand prospects into buyers for a different product? And right, if we have a second campaign that comes along and converts another 100 buyers, well that impacts the original CPA, right?

Like, that should still count towards lowering the CPA. And if we had a third campaign that that came out 10 days later and converted another 100 of those thousand prospects into new buyers, that also lowers the cost per acquisition. So in other words, right? Instead of arbitrarily looking at only one campaign as, um, in terms of CPA cost per acquisition, at the end of the day, it's when, if I've generated a thousand prospects, whenever I convert one of those prospects into a new buyer, it lowers the cost per acquisition, whether that's day zero, whether that's day seven, whether that's day 70, it lowers that cost per acquisition. The same as right, we, we understand this with the backend when we say, right, well, we also know that we're gonna have backend campaigns that are gonna increase the value of a buyer to us.

Well, we could have backend campaigns that convert more prospects into buyers lowering the cost per acquisition while we have more backend campaigns that get buyers to spend more money. Ultimately, all I'm saying is all, all we're talking about here is just recognizing that there are lots of ways to win on economics rather than purely on marketing performance, especially marketing performance of a single campaign. And so, I know I probably confused the heck out of, out of you, you guys, we'll spend more time talking about that. It's really just recognizing, like, listen, you know, I, I've said it so many times over the past number of years, and it's funny how it comes back. You know, it comes back in, in, in a variety of different contexts that we're just investors and we're investing in the acquisition of assets.

And those assets are, are customers and those assets have a value, right? Like they, they have a cost to acquire them, right? And they have a value the day that we acquire them, and then ideally they have a greater future value. And the whole game at the end of the day, right? Like, where does the reward come from in being in business?

Like it, the, the financial reward, it comes from acquiring buyers at a lower cost than what they're worth to you acquiring those assets at a lower cost than what they're worth to you, right? Or you could flip it and say it differently, right? Acquiring, you know, acquiring buyers and making them worth more to you than what it costs you to acquire them, right? Which is the same exact same exact thing. And so ultimately, right, like a, you know, you're an investor.

And so if you turn prospects today into, you know, into buyers, you turn prospects next week into buyers, you turn prospects in three weeks into buyers, all of those, all of those conversions decrease your cost to acquire the average buyer, right? There's no reward in being able to do it with one campaign. Like, in other words, that's not where the real reward, whether it takes you one campaign or three campaigns, the bank doesn't care, your lifestyle's not gonna change. It doesn't matter, right? What matters is that you're able to acquire the maximum number of buyers into, uh, excuse me.

You're, you're, you're able to acquire the maximum number of buyers at a lower cost than what they're worth to you, period. Or you're able to acquire the maximum number of buyers and turn them into a, a value greater than what it costs you to acquire them. Whether that takes one campaign or two campaigns or 12 campaigns, it does not matter. And so that's the difference between saying like thinking I need a scalable marketing campaign versus let me have, you know, a scalable monetization window, you know, a window of time, a scalable marketing sequence, if you will, right? A, a a, a window of time that allows me to make enough offers to enough prospects to convert enough, uh, enough additional prospects to bring our CPA down.

And let me have a, a, a long enough timeframe or a, a timeframe to get buyers to buy even more to elevate the, the, the, the value of those buyers. Think about it. I know that we're just scratching the surface deep topic, really valuable, really important stuff that we're definitely gonna be talking a lot more about and getting into the weeds on. But that is all she wrote for, um, for today. Uh, have an amazing day guys, and I'll see you next week.

Thanks, Todd. You got it.
