---
title: "cc_2024-04-23"
date: 2024-04-23
duration: 33m
duration_seconds: 2035
vimeo_id: 938306772
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2024-04-23

**Date:** 2024-04-23 | **Duration:** 33m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Okay. All right. So today what we're gonna talk about is we're going to talk a little bit about short form marketing arguments for email copy. Really, you could say that this is just short form marketing arguments. This could be used in email copy, it can really be used in, um, ads.

It can be really used, um, anywhere. This is obviously not a full-blown marketing argument. This is really just, it's a, it's a very short form. One single kind of point, one single belief being established, um, argument that's being used via email. And I wanna tell you, I'm gonna show you two examples.

One is, one, uh, an example that I really like of this, that I think there's so much that we can learn from this One little simple example, and I'm gonna show you another one that's not done nearly as well, that sort of contains a little bit of, uh, of an argument, but it's not done nearly as well, just so that you can see the contrast between these two. The beauty of of this is that, um, as always, like when we talk about marketing arguments, is that you're delivering value. There is actual education that is occurring here. It's just not, again, education for education's sake. It's educating in a way that is leading the reader to a belief that we want them to have to take the action that we want them to have.

In other words, it's educating them so that they want to click and go and get more information. So, again, it's not just education for education's sake. There is a point a, a belief that's being established in this very short form argument. Um, and that belief is, is essential or necessary for the prospect to wanna click through and get more information. And you'll, you should be able to see immediately that this isn't your, um, your, this isn't a pure promo email.

Obviously, this isn't a teaser email or what's often referred to as a dedicated email where it's completely blind. It's teasing benefits. It's just getting the click. There is actual e education here. There's an actual argument.

There is a thesis here that you're gonna be able to see clearly presented. And when that thesis is established through this little short form argument, it makes the click that much more valuable to the, to the prospect and to the marketer. And so, let me show you this. I'm gonna share my screen, and we're just gonna go through, um, we're gonna go through the good example first, and then we'll go over to the bad example and we'll breeze through that. So let me see here.

Let me open this, this bad boy like this. Okay, so you can see my screen? Yeah. Yep. Okay.

So this is an email that was sent out from, um, Doug Casey. And, uh, and we're just gonna read through this real quick 'cause it's, it's pretty short. Uh, and then I'm gonna point out a couple things. Now, I wanna make a point right upfront, especially for you, Teddy, and, and that is this, that, um, that whether you, not you personally, but whether you disagree or agree with the argument being presented doesn't change that It's an argument being presented right in, in other words, right? Like, so whether we agree with it or disagree with it, what I really want you to look at is more of the structure of the argument, right?

'cause there are a lot of people out there, like some people would argue, you know, we've got people, we've got tons of arguments and debates within the online marketing, business building, you know, community, right? Like, should, you know, here's an argument that somebody can present for why you should start with high ticket, or why you should only go high ticket. Here's somebody else that can present an argument for why you should go with low ticket, right? And, and both might have the proper structure of an argument. Both might have proof, evidence, support.

At the end of the day, it's up to you to determine who you feel presented the most kind of solid, reasonable sound, uh, you know, logical argument. And so put aside whether you agree or disagree and just follow the structure. So here's what this email says. It says, for thousands of years, gold has always been mankind's hardest money. That is, uh, that is all set to change tomorrow.

And most people have no idea. Hardness does not mean something that is necessarily tangible or physically hard like metal. Instead, it means hard to produce. By contrast, easy money is easy to produce. The best way to think of hardness is resistance to debasement, which helps make something a good store of value, an essential function of money.

Hardness can be quantified by the supply growth rate. This the new supply produced in a year divided by the existing stockpiles. The lower the supply growth rate, the harder the asset. Historically, gold has been mankind's hardest asset with the lowest supply growth rate around one to 2%, which is why it has always been the best money. But now gold has a serious competitor.

Tomorrow, Bitcoin supply growth rate will be cut in half from 1.7% to 0.9%. When that happens, Bitcoin's hardness will be almost twice that of golds, uh, showing, uh, over here Bitcoin verse gold. That's how Bitcoin will soon become the hardest money the world has ever known. And it will keep getting harder as its supply growth rate approaches zero. We think now is the time to get positioned for this unique moment in monetary history.

That's why we urge you to read the report below as soon as possible. It details what could be the number one Bitcoin stock and is easily accessible through any brokerage account. The number one, um, Bitcoin stock for 2024. Don't miss what could be your last chance to blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Uh, ps and drastic situations like this where markets move quickly, it's necessary to be positioned beforehand.

If you're even a minute too late, you could see the opportunity evaporate and miss out on incredible speculative opportunities. And so, pretty simple argument being, being presented. What do you think is the thesis? What do you think is the point that he's ultimately trying to make either of you guys? Yeah, Bitcoin safer than gold, or more valuable than gold.

Now, That ultimately, right? That when, when the, that when something becomes, you know, um, hard, you know, according to his, his definition, it becomes significantly more valuable. And everybody, right up to this point has agreed that gold right was the safest store of value. Um, and now Bitcoin is about to become even harder or safer or more secure than gold. And so you wanna get in now before this happens to experience growth in your money.

Pretty simple, right? Like pretty simple. This is education, right? You could say this is education, but it's education based marketing, right? He's sharing this for a reason, right?

Like he's, you know, he's sharing this for a reason. There are lots of things that you can point out about money, right? That what makes for sound money. You know what I mean? Like fungibility and all that.

But he's not getting into that. He's not getting into that. But he's getting into the one point that you need to understand right now to want to get in now. And so, do you see how this is a, a, um, uh, this is an argument, right? Like, do you see the structure that this is an argument?

He starts off with a point, and right, he, he makes a point, he presents a point. He leads you to a thesis in this short, uh, email. Any questions about that? I know that, I mean, I don't wanna go down a crazy rabbit hole with this, but the, it, it's the way that I want you guys to continue to just think about arguments is right? Like when you have a belief, right?

When you believe something, I don't care what it is, I don't care what realm, I don't care what category, whether it's nutrition, whether it is, you know, hobbies, whether it is time management, whether it's marketing, whether it's business building, whether it's relationships. You have this belief. And if somebody asked you, well, right? Like, uh, tell me why you believe that, right? What you would ultimately say next would be some form of an argument.

The better, the more sound the argument is, right? The more proof you offer, the more claims you make in there, um, and backed up with proof, evidence, support, the more sound and reasonable that argument becomes. That's how we lead people to see our point of view. That's how we lead people to establish a new belief. That's how we lead people to our opinion or our perspective, or our side, right?

And so it's all some form of, excuse me, an argument. And you can see how there's education here. So what do I mean by, you know, by education? First of all, if you look at, you know, almost every, every sentence in here, right? There is, there is valuable information that's being delivered, right?

Um, you know, for thousands of years, gold has always been mankind's hardest money, right? Um, that's even that one sentence alone is education, right? There's educational value in that to the investor, right? It's all set to change tomorrow. And most people have no idea.

That's also education. 'cause it's informative, right? And it's valuable now. And now he's breaking this down. Hardness doesn't mean something that's tangible or physically hard.

Instead, it means hard to produce. By contrast, easy money is easy to produce. He's teaching you something here. Best way to think of hardness is that it's resistance to resistance to debasement, right? Which helps something, uh, helps to make something a good store of value, right?

Which is essential to sound money, right? Um, and, and now he's teaching you how hardness can be quantified, right? So we already learned that the, um, that hardness right? It hardness of, you know, currency or money, whatever you wanna call it, is resistance to debasement. Meaning that, right, it holds good value, right?

And obviously, we want our money to hold good value. We don't want it to be able to lose 100% of its value, or 80% of its value tomorrow. That's not a good, right? That's not good money or sound money, right? Um, and now he's teaching you how, how to understand what is hard, what is, uh, something that stores good value by explaining that it can be quantified by the supply growth rate, the supply of that money, of that currency or that asset, right?

Um, and the new supply produced in a year divided by the existing stockpiles. So how much new is introduced versus the existing stockpiles, right? Like, for example, the reason why paper, just plain paper, right paper that you can get at Staples or Office Max, whatever it is, um, is not valuable, is because they can add to the supply anytime they want in huge quantities. And so, when you can add any amount that you want in huge quantities, what happens? You debase the value of the paper, right?

It becomes worth less and less because supply demand, there's just an unlimited, you know, amount. This is why some people look at the US dollar as just on its path to the basement. Anyway, all this is, I'm being sidetracked. You can see the value, the education ultimately leading to the, the, the, the click. You've now been educated to understand what is about to happen with Bitcoin, right?

Why it's happening to Bitcoin, what it means in terms of security, store of value, right? And why you want to ultimately take advantage of this. Or now you've at least been presented with an opportunity. Pretty simple, pretty straightforward, right? Anything that you would add or any questions that you would ask before we look at the, the, the example, the other example, which is not as good as this, Obviously the, the, the urgency factor is a big part of it as well.

'cause it like this is happening now. So if you agree that the resistance of debasement is something that you need to have in a currency, you're gonna invest in, you need to take action now. So it's like, it's nearly pre-selling them on the fact that like, they're gonna wanna get in on this now, because tomorrow, while you can still get in on it, you won't have any near the opportunity you have now. Yeah, well said. I, I think, right?

That's the, the whole idea of, right, the reason to read this. Now, the reason to engage with this now, that's the other type of urgency that very rarely gets talked about in marketing circles, which is creating urgency to consume the message now, right? Like, there are tons and tons of marketing campaigns, um, even some of our own, right, to be completely transparent, that have zero urgency to consume now, in other words, right? I come across it, it's interesting to me, what do I do? I save it to go back to it later, and then I never go back to it later, right?

Like, right, there's no, there's no reason to consume. Now, this is why in the financial publishing world, you often see dates attached or a specific impending event attached, right? Like, um, where, you know, do this by May 5th, an X, Y, Z will happen, right? Or this IPO that's about to happen, or this new announcement that's coming, or, you know, earnings reports are about to and get in before so that you can take advantage of that, right? There's some event, some occurrence, something that's about to happen that, um, that, uh, drives the urgency to consume the message now, meaning it gives you a reason why you can't and shouldn't put it off to read later.

And so I think that that's super, uh, you know, super, um, super smart. John, Teddy, anything that you would add or Ask two things, scroll back down there for, to where you were. So I, I think he did a good job of seamlessly scroll down a little bit more, uh, seamlessly handling, uh, the exception, the, uh, the main objection in one sentence, uh, which is, uh, this could be the number one Bitcoin stock, and it's easily accessible through any brokerage account, right? Yep. You don't have to know how to trade crypto or deal with crypto, like it's a stock that you can buy.

Um, yeah, well said. I didn't even, I didn't even think of that myself. That's a great point, right? That he handled that one objection. You know, right here, right?

So the people that are intimidated by, you know, cryptos, Crip, you know, special crypto accounts, wallet, it's all that stuff. Um, now it's like, wow, maybe this is my opportunity. I've waited, I haven't gotten into crypto. Maybe now is the opportunity to, um, to get into crypto. And so, um, you know, and there of course are these little things, little copy things that I'll, I'll just mention very quickly before we just take a, an ultra fast look at the, the other example is, you know, that that is all set to change tomorrow, and most people have no idea, right?

Like, that's a powerful, that's a powerful sentence right there, because it peaks curiosity. Like, what is happening tomorrow and why is that gonna change? And am I on the outside? Am I one of those people that have no idea? And am I now right about to miss out on something?

And so there is that, there is, uh, The, the irony is probably that, that Peter Schiff sent the same email on the same day with the complete opposite argument. Well, you know, he, he hates crypto man. Like he is a, he is an anti crypto, you know, fiend. And so, but that's the How, how they handle the, like they, they could have got into the weeds with trying to explain what the Bitcoin haling is, and they probably hope would've lost a lot of people with technical jerk and the like, but they kept it so simple, they use the graph to illustrate it. And it's like, it, like, it's a really straightforward explanation of what's happening, and it's more about the opportunity around what's happening versus the actual thing that's happening.

Yeah, beautifully said. I mean, I think, right? And this goes back to something that, um, that we, uh, that I've talked to one of our clients about, uh, who, like, you have to be able to weed out the education that you often wanna share or that really should be shared in the training, the course, the, you know, the follow up from what needs to be included in the marketing. Like the reality is, right? Like he could have explained what having, having means, right?

Um, but it's unnecessary to the thesis, right? Like, they don't have to understand the how having works and what it means for the thesis for what he needed to establish the belief that he needed to establish, right? Like, I don't, you know, I I, I don't know, y you know, I, I can't tell you what having, like, how that works and what, but I know that, right? That the having increases or increased the hardness significantly of Bitcoin making it the hardest money now harder than gold, which makes it, you know, according to this argument, which makes it, you know, secure sound money, right? And there's an opportunity to, you know, uh, at the time that I was reading this, there's an opportunity to make money from that.

Like, that's, that's all I need to understand. I don't need to understand the having. And that's where you have to weed out the unnecessary educational bits. And this is why I always say to clients, right? And students with copy, with marketing arguments specifically, like, is this necessary for them to understand the thesis?

Or are you adding extra complexity to the argument? Because there's, you know, first of all, when we add extra complexity, we run the risk of losing people, right? Of them kind of going, right? Like going into that logical brain and trying to understand and remember, right? A confused prospect doesn't buy.

And so there's this risk of losing people. So I wanna keep it, for lack of a better word, as superficial as possible, while still establishing the thesis. And so this is why I always say that you, that the, the thesis, you, you, you should keep out in front of you, whether it's short form in an email like this, what is the point or the belief that I'm trying to establish in the mind of the prospect? And that should be your north star. That should be your guiding light, right?

In order for them to believe this, what do they need to know and understand, right? And you might find that, well, they, they, they don't need to know these five things. They just need to know this one thing or these, this, these two things, and that's it. And if they know these two things, or understand these two things, then they'll believe the thesis. Well, then we can leave out all that other stuff radically reduce the risk of the complexity and, and confusing people and having people go back into the logical brain.

And so, um, really valuable. The other thing that I just very quickly wanted to point out was, you know, the, again, the little copy nugget of we think now is the time to get positioned for this unique moment in monetary history, right? Like, it's like a, you know, he's ultimately conveying, like, this is a, this is an event. This is big, this is a moment in monetary history, right? That doesn't occur often.

That's unique. That's special, right? And that's why we urge you to read this as soon as possible. So it's not just like a ho hum, this is a little, you know, blip. This is a little thing going on.

This is a unique moment in monetary history. So he took something, right? He, he just, with that little, he made it larger. He enlarged the drama of it. And so, uh, you know, again, also potentially life-changing profits, um, from this trend.

Uh, I probably wouldn't have used the word trend in here 'cause I would've said, you know, uh, event, um, in here, right? A one-time thing. Uh, but nevertheless, uh, there you go. And so now let's look at the other one, which is not done as well. So another mailer said, kicking yourself for not investing in crypto sooner.

You're not alone. It's hard to, it's hard not to feel the twinge of regret when you hear about the overnight millionaires, the early retirees, the 20 somethings buying Lambos with their Bitcoin gains. But here's the good news, the upcoming Bitcoin having could be your second chance to make up for lost time and claim your share the crypto wealth revolution. So right now, he gets into a very small, I don't even know if I would call this an argument, but he gives some, you know, some support, right? You see every past having has triggered a massive bull run.

And with institutional giants like BlackRock and Fidelity, now in the game, we believe the upcoming bull run could be the biggest one yet. The question is, will you let this opportunity slip through your fingers? Or will you seize the moment if you're ready to, to make your move? Our having millionaire blueprint is your secret weapon in the next 24 hours. You can snag it for a staggering 97% discount inside this blueprint.

Boom, boom, boom. Right? Um, we don't need to go over the rest. You see the feel, the difference in feel between these two. This to me is really much more of a, um, a dedicated mailing.

It's much more of a straight promo. There's not really, there's, there's no, you know, there's no value or, or significant education being delivered other than these two, these two sentences right here. Other than that, right? There's no education, there's no support, there's no, right. It's, it's not really a marketing argument.

It's a pitch that's got a little bit of proof in it. And so, do you see the difference? You guys feel the difference in the copy? Mm-Hmm. Yeah.

Right? And so, right. It's not to say that like, look, it, it, you know, I, I, I, I'll, I'll tell you that, you know, like, look, you know, I think that you, you know, you, you, to me, right? Like, you can send an email like this, right? And for the people that click, you can send an email like this, I wouldn't necessarily start off this way, right?

Like, I, I might start off a little bit different so that it's much more congruent with this having right? A little bit earlier. Um, but, and then this could be a follow-up for the people that click through, right? Go to the VSL and don't buy. But to me, right?

There's a completely different feel to this email than this one right here. And I just love this example because this is, it's short, it's short, but it presents an argument, small argument with one point that for you to really grasp, right? Uh, supporting points that lead to that one point. Um, and I think that this is just a great example of an argument, and this is why, right? I'm sharing this with you because I want you guys to see that, right?

You can use education based marketing, marketing arguments on a large scale for a full blown campaign that has a full blown unique mechanism, unique system consisting of mo, right? Or, and or you could also use it for email and for even ad copy, right? That's education based. But ultimately at the end of the education leads to, um, leads to a, you know, a, a, a call to action to get more, it, this is what I would say is somewhere in between. It's, it falls somewhere on the spectrum in between editorial and advertorial.

It's not quite an advertorial. 'cause most advertorials are really teaser, you know, like teasing blind, much more curiosity driven. Um, but it's also not just pure editorial. It is somewhere in the middle, right? And that's that marketing argument.

And so that's it, that's all I wanted to share with you guys today. Any questions or anything that you guys would add? No. Good, no. Good stuff.

You guys understand, like, you get the short form argument, like you get, right? What's the thesis? What's the belief that I'm trying to get? What can I present that's of value in a way that leads them to that belief? And then call to action to go over and, and really get more information.

And so one thing I would say is, um, is that I'd be more inclined to keep opening this guy's emails than the other emails as well. Well said. You know, well said. I think, you know well said, right? Because the, you feel like this is just a pitch, and over here, even if I don't take action, I still got value from this.

Yeah. Like really, like, I read this and I was like, wow, I, I didn't, I never knew that that's what hardness meant. Like, you know, like I never, I never knew that. I never understood that. And so, to me, I walked away and I was like, wow, that's great.

You know, just because there's an, there's an offer, you know, in the end doesn't, to me it's almost like, you know, this is a very subtle, to me, it's a very soft way of putting a call to action in there. It doesn't feel obnoxious. He's not going on and on now with bullets about what you're gonna find in the video and the, the, the, the, um, the read the report. You're like, in the report, he's not going into that. It's like, look, you know, we think now's the time to get in on what it is that I just educated you on, and that's why we urge you to read this, you know, report.

That's why we took the time to create this report for you. We wanna help you, right? And, and we urge you to, to, to go read it. Like, look, it's gonna give you the number one Bitcoin stock that we feel right, is about to shoot through the roof, if that's something that you're interested in, right? Go check it out.

To me, that's a very soft way. I'm totally willing to continue to read emails like this, even if they lead to an offer, which they almost always do at, they almost always do in the financial publishing world, because I got value quickly from this very short form argument. And so, yeah. To me, I, I, I, um, I dig it. And this one just feels, you know, it feels, and look, you know, I wanna be careful here.

It feels manipulative. Mm-Hmm, right? Like, it feels manipulative and, you know, look, It's, it's a clear, you know, it's, Yeah, it's, I mean, you know, like, yeah, like, you know, yeah. It just, it feels like a pitch. It feels manipulative.

And so, um, you know, so yeah. But You know, it's, so, it's interesting 'cause like what's coming up for me? Uh, and because we were actually just having a conversation about this this morning in terms of, you know, what types of emails do we wanna send to the list? And like, you know, what are the themes of those emails and, and that kind of thing. But like, what this is bringing up and reminding me of, which we don't talk about as much as we probably should, is the same way that we research the market.

We identify their pain points and we establish the beliefs that we need them to have before they will buy, like, engineering our email campaigns to establish those beliefs consistently. Like, let's say there's, you know, five or seven core beliefs that I want this list to always have, right? Yeah. And like, how do, how do I, how to incorporate that in regardless of what it's promoting. You know, there's some core beliefs that they should have that Yeah, well said.

I mean, I really think, you know, Dan Kennedy is the one who to me, has done the best job of really articulating that over the years. Like, you know, what is it that you stand for, right? And how do you weave that into, you know, all of your communications? You don't have to, like, if you stand, you know, if there are five things that you stand for, um, it, and I don't mean stand for like your personal values, I mean that like you're bringing to the marketplace, right? You, like, you should always be weaving those into, into your communications, right?

Because over time, right, ultimately what you want, like, like, and you know, like you can describe for, you know, there are a lot of, of things that Dan stands for that, you know, those, those of us that have followed him, you know, for years and years and years could articulate. But like over time they, you, you, you know, some things you don't buy into right away. Some things you don't understand right away, you know, it was Damien who said to me that, you know, no matter how many times he hears me talk about, let's say the unique mechanism, sometimes I'll say something in a certain way and it clicks for him. And I'm like, it hasn't clicked for you over the last six, seven years. Whatever it is now, it's click.

You know? And so through repetition, you know, sometimes people, um, people get it. The other thing is, yeah, that you don't, you know, you, I don't wanna say you wanna stay on brand, 'cause brand really isn't the right way to articulate it. But you, you wanna continue to reinforce what you represent and what you bring to the table, because hopefully it's unique in the marketplace, and it's not just the same as, you know, as, um, as everybody else. And so, but I, I think that that's a great, you know, a great point, Teddy.

I am much more of a fan. And let, let me, let me just say this, that, uh, 'cause you know, we've had, you know, some conversations, uh, Teddy about email. And so I am much more a believer in, in, um, in education based, um, education based emails, especially when they can be tight, simple, right? And short than I am gimmicks, right? Than I, than I am gimmicks.

Not to say that there's not room for that, and there's not, right? Like, you know, you know, hey, my, you know, this is Todd's dog, and while he is outta the office, I'm gonna send you, you know, but that shouldn't be the foundation. That should be the oddball thing that they get every now and then that makes 'em chuckle, right? To me, the foundation should be, I'm establishing beliefs constantly in them. I'm shifting their perspective constantly.

I'm teaching them something new. The new thing that I'm teaching them makes them a better prospect for me, right? I'm, I'm covering common myths that they might buy into or that they might believe that are potentially holding them back from buying, you know, um, from me, right? I'm constantly shaping or trying to shape, I'm a believer much more in this than constantly trying to shape that perspective, that understanding, that viewpoint so that they, they do become a better prospect. I also think that, right?

I, I'm willing to engage with those emails a lot more than I am just, you know, gimmicky, you know, constantly, you know, gimmicky kind of, um, kind of things. Yeah. And so the last thing that I'll leave you with is totally unrelated, but I'm gonna plant a seed and we will talk about this next time. And, um, and that is that the timing, I'm gonna say something bold here that I can't believe. I'm actually gonna vocalize and say this out loud.

That timing of a marketing campaign, marketing theme marketing idea is more important than the copy. The timing of a marketing campaign is more important than the copy. And what I mean by that is the right idea, the right hook, the right angle at the right time with mediocre copy will always beat right the right idea at the wrong time, even with great copy. And what I mean by that, to just plant a little, a little additional seed, is that ultimately, right? I want you to think about like, um, I want you to think about when AI first became wildly, uh, popular.

Like it exploded onto the scene and everybody was talking about it, right? And I want you to compare that time to now when there are tons and tons of AI offers and tons and tons of AI messages. And if you would've got in early when it was exploding, even with fairly mediocre copy, you would've done better than many campaigns today, uh, would do with great copy. It's kind of like, if you wanna go to the extreme, it's like, imagine we had great copy, we had great copy, we had this idea of like passive income, right? And it was all about how to make money from ad sense today.

Great copy dialed ain't working. Mm-hmm, wrong timing, wrong timing. And that all has to do with market, top of mind. What's hot, right? And so the timing of your ideas, right?

What's hot now and what's going to be hot is critical when it comes to really catching the wave. And you can get away with mediocre copy, right? With the right idea, right at, you know, the right idea at the right time, right? But the right idea at the wrong time, even with great copy, will not beat that. Think about it.

And we'll talk more next week. And so thank you guys. Have an amazing day and, uh, and we'll chat. Thanks Todd. You got it guys.
