---
title: "cc_ 2024-03-12"
date: 2024-03-12
duration: 38m
duration_seconds: 2318
vimeo_id: 922562911
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-03-12

**Date:** 2024-03-12 | **Duration:** 38m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right guys. So I want to kind of pick up with, uh, our conversation from last week. I believe that we've been having, uh, a discussion over the last, maybe couple of marketing trainings about the unique mechanism. And one of the things that we really, I, I believe it was last call that we focused on, and I wanna go deeper here into this. We focused on, uh, one of the big mistakes with the unique mechanism, which is, uh, educating too much about the inner workings of the mechanism.

We talked about kind of the big, kind of takeaway message last week, uh, was really about, uh, you know, we're, we're educating, we're, we're ultimately educating the prospect on the fact that the unique mechanism can work to give them the result they want better and better, faster, easier, you know, uh, uh, safer than anything else, rather than educating them on how it works. So, in other words, right, it's our job to ultimately lead them to believe that this unique mechanism will work for them, and it, and it's superior in some aspect compared to the other mechanisms, right? Like, that's ultimately our job, or that's our objective. And I think that, just to reiterate what we talked about last week, this is, uh, wildly important that you always keep that out in front of you. In other words, our objective isn't necessarily that they understand every aspect of the mechanism.

Our objective isn't really even that they understand the mechanism. That might be in some instances, like we talked about last week, that may be part of the journey. But ultimately, our ultimate objective is to educate them on the fact that we've got that, that there is a new different way, uh, for them to experience the result they want new and different from anything else that they've tried, maybe even anything else that they've seen. And this new and different way is superior to the, to the other ways. And we talked about how, uh, how one of the big mistakes that I've been seeing lately as people kind of embrace this education based approach is they get too focused on the education about the unique mechanism.

They get too focused on, on the education about the, the unique mechanism. And we run the risk when we do that, of confusing somebody, of overwhelming somebody, of making somebody feel like maybe this isn't for them. Maybe if they do this, they'll get in over their head, or it sounds time consuming. We run the risk of doing those things, right? And so we have to be very, very sensitive to that.

Now, with that kind of as the backdrop, uh, I want to talk a little bit about, about, and, and this is a little bit advanced, uh, and there's nuances here, but I wanna talk a little bit about how I think about, and go about identifying and developing the positioning for a unique mechanism. And I wanna go back to an example that I, I talked about, I believe, two weeks ago. So two weeks ago, I, I showed you guys a campaign from the financial publishing world where it was something like how to, uh, it was something like how to make $5,000 a month, um, with one winning trade by using institutional shadowing, something, something along those lines. And in that case, right? Like, how to, you know, how to make an extra $5,000 a month, you know, from one winning trade, right?

Is ultimately the promise and the mechanism, of course, in that, in this really simple, straightforward headline is institutional shattering. So, how to make five, how to make an extra $5,000 a month with one winning, with one winning trade, uh, a month, uh, um, by using institutional shadowing. And institutional shadowing is the, is the unique mechanism. Now, I wanna, and hopefully this will all come together in just a little bit and bear with me. 'cause I don't know if I've ever kind of articulated what it is that I'm about to kind of share with you guys.

So, like I said, it's a little advanced, a little nuanced, but I wanna contrast that unique mechanism with what the typical individual does when developing a unique mechanism. And I'm not saying that this typical approach is wrong, I just want you to see the difference and the difference in circumstances. So what the typical individual does is, let's say they, um, let's say the, let's say we're talking about somebody that teaches, uh, Facebook advertising. And so one of the things that we do is, of course, to uncover what the unique mechanism, uh, is, is we say to them, uh, we, we have them ask themselves questions like, well, what do I do? What are the five steps?

Why do I do those five steps? Why do I do them in that order? What do I do first? What do I do second, right? Why don't I do this step that most other people, um, do?

Right? We, we put the, we put their approach, their system, their framework, their process under the microscope, we interrogate it to identify what is unique in the steps that they are doing, right? Like, and then we identify, well, what is unique about their, their five steps? And I wanna point this out, right? That, right?

So somebody else that's also selling how to, how to, uh, be successful with Facebook ads might also have a five step system. Their five steps might be different from our five steps. Their five steps might have, they might name their five steps. So they have their own unique mechanism, and we're doing ultimately the same thing. We're identifying what's unique about our process, and then we're naming that process and that becomes the unique mechanism.

Now, that's kind of the traditional common way to go about it. Okay? But now I want to go back for one second to the institutional shadowing. And ultimately, what I want you to see here, if I can, if I can simplify this and explain it, is that, um, is that institutional shadowing in this context, in this, in this message, is ultimately, ultimately describes the way somebody would go about picking stocks to invest in. It's ultimately describing what the, it, it's taking this, this approach to investing in stocks.

This, this approach to investing in stocks is a, allows the investor to shadow the institutions. And I, I don't know the, the nitty gritty details of what that means or the benefits, uh, of that. But understand that that comes with tremendous benefits. Now, you'll notice there that in this context, and then I wanna pause and see if this makes any sense whatsoever to you guys, is that, is that that institutional shadowing, that name, that title is not describing or articulating the different steps in the process, is not trying to say, I have different steps than you do. I have these five steps.

You have these five steps. It's describing a new way of investing in the market and, and experiencing successful trades. It's describing a new way, a different way to invest in the market. And it's naming that new and different way to invest in the market. It's not about the difference in my five steps and the reason why my five steps are better than your five steps, or why this one step in my five step process sep separates this whole part.

It's the, the unique mechanism in this context is describing a whole different way to invest successfully. And that is very different. Even though it might seem like nuance, it's very different than just differentiating with the actual, um, system, the di the difference in one or more steps in the system. And so, before I continue, does that make, does that make sense? Yeah, Teddy.

Yeah, Teddy, are you now, is that still? Yeah. Well, it seems like it's a position thing, right? Like if it's, if it's, if it's in the headline, then you're, you're more introducing the idea of the mechanism. Obviously, you can't get into the process of what the mechanism is in the headline, but if it's in the argument section, then that's where you would unpack what it is, I would assume, right?

Sure. Okay. So to some extent you are right, right? This is really this, you could say that this is really a discussion, uh, about framing and positioning, right? That when we are able to take our system, take our process, take our approach, and we're able to, um, to go above just the individual steps and what make the individual steps different, and we're able to frame it as a whole new way of, of, of, of reaping the rewards that the prospect wants.

I will say now that that is significantly more powerful than just differentiating through the, the steps in the system. And so, in other words, right? Let, let's take another example. This is a totally made up example. And, and also like, what's the difference between framing versus naming?

'cause it sounds like we're just giving the process a name versus framing it as the thing that delivers the result. Well, I think so number one, in both contexts, so I love Teddy always asks such good questions in, in both contexts, right? We're always presenting the unique mechanism, whether it's institutional shadowing or it's the x, y, Z method of running Facebook ads. Um, we're always positioning the unique mechanism as the thing that will give the prospect the result they want, right? And it's superior to the other, you know, to the other options out there.

So whether we are, you know, whether we're naming, naming it, institutional shadowing, or we're getting into the method, you know, the, the, we're positioning both as the reason why they can expect to. Um, I, I think to answer your question without kind of using a circular answer, part of the framing is the naming. And so, in other words, right? Like, in other words, by taking, so let me, let me, let me put it to you this way. So, so in that copy, so in that copy, so the, the, the investors, so this is for Pete, okay?

So Pete's method. Pete's method, the methodology that he teaches is ultimately what's called the keystone method. And it's made up of four, you know, four steps, you know, four things. Um, right? That's ultimately the, the unique that, that's ultimately that, that's his method, okay?

In that campaign about institutional shadowing, you don't need both mentioning the keystone method is unnecessary, and mentioning the steps of the keystone method is unnecessary. Why? Because the real opportunity, the real, the real mechanism, the real reason why somebody can expect to experience great results is because of the fact that we are institutional shadowing is because, right? I'm gonna show you how to institutionally, you know, shadow, for lack of a better, a better phrase. And so ultimately, like in the education based approach, right?

What we would do is the bulk of the, the marketing argument would be about what it would be about what is institutional shadowing, right? And why it is such a superior approach to the approaches that don't institutional shadow, right? The approaches that use headlines or the approaches that use, you know, mere charting, right? Like that this is easier, that this allows you to skip the charting. That this gives you insight to X, right?

That this is what, right? We would present ultimately an argument for the value of being able to trade by institutionally shadowing, uh, um, right? And we would get buy-in on that. We would ultimately want people to say, wow, that makes a lot of sense. I get it.

I see why that's easier. I see why that's quicker. I see why that's safer. I see why that allows me to skip charting and, and, and learning all all of this, right? And then ultimately it's after we get buy-in on institutional shadowing, that we would then segue into the offer.

What we don't need to do in that context is say, right, and I'm gonna show you how to institutionally shadow by using the keystone method. And the keystone method is made up of four parts. You don't have to do that. That is unnecessary. You don't have to do that now, right?

Like what you would either do, and I know that this is a little bit of nuance here, right? I would either build the ca the campaign around the keystone method, right? Like the keystone method, and the keystone method is the unique mechanism, right? And then ultimately go into the, the steps and what separates this and what makes it different, right? Or I would use institutional shadowing.

And the institutional shadowing way of presenting why the keystone method works is much more powerful than just presenting the, the difference in the steps of the keystone method compared to somebody else. Does that, does that make sense? Mm-Hmm. A little bit. And so this is like, like where I, where I go with this, and I know that this is, this is not, you know, this is not a, this is, this requires a little practice.

It requires thinking, it requires experience to kind of get better at this. But the, the, the idea of institutional shadowing really came about, um, from Paul and Paul, when, who, who, uh, when Paul was, uh, was doing the research on the keystone method, he said, this is like shadowing the institutions. That's kind of what you're doing. Now, he could have come up with another term. He could have come up with, you know, whatever, you know, ride along, you know, institutional ride alongs, you know, he could have come up with something else, right at that, you know, uh, um, but he, he was like, this is like institutional shadowing.

And so let's call this entire thing, let's call this institutional shadowing. And so, when you do that, right? When you ask yourself like, what is this? Like, like, how is this working? Why is this working?

Right? And then you name that, right? You put it in a different, in a, in a different category than just differentiating with the steps. Let me give you a made up example. So, uh, so let's say we had, you know, so let's say we were teaching persuasion, and right?

So you can certainly get into, I have the, you know, the x, y, Z persuasion method, and I'm gonna teach you the five steps and what makes these, you know, what makes this so different. These five steps are blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. The way that, you know, I, I, I don't know, we come up with something, right? But if I ask myself, well, why do these steps work? Why does this process work so well?

And let's say I just said, because, you know, we use, like, there are three different elements that we're regularly using in our persuasion, in our, in this persuasion method, my x, y, Z persuasion method. And those three points, what it does is it communicates to both the right side and left side of the brain, right? I'm just making this up for, right? It communicates to both the right side and the left side, OO of the brain. Okay?

Well, now, let's say, let's take this one step further and say, okay, so we can potentially refer to this as, let's call it dual brain persuasion. And so right now, right now, I can present dual brain persuasion as the unique mechanism. The reason why this is significantly more powerful than other persuasion, persuasion methods is because this is dual brain persuasion. And then my argument, what I would do in this context, in this example, and I'm not saying that this is a winner by any stretch, but then what I would do is I would present an argument for why communicating to both sides of the brain when trying to persuade somebody is more effective than one side of the brain, than only communi communicating to one side of the brain. And only when I feel that I've convinced them that, yeah, like the most effective persuasion methods communicate with both sides of the brain.

Only when I've accomplished that, that I, that I feel I've led them to believe that would I then segue into the offer, right? And so now, look, I, I, you know, here's the reality. The reality is maybe I can't find any evidence that communicating to both sides of the brain is more effective than only communicating to one side of the brain. Let's just say in this weird example, if that was the case, then I have to come up with a different positioning for it, right? Because I, there's no argument for me to make, there's no, there's no support or evidence, right?

Remember that the argument comes from the support, the evidence, me presenting something that leads you to say, yeah, I get it. Holy cow. That's right. I under, wow, I understand why these little, you know, trial closes only speak to one side. And like, I understand why, right?

Like, so you, you see the difference between me just saying, me just presenting, learn, you know, become a persuasion beast with the x, y, Z method. And then getting into what makes my method different compared to repositioning that as something altogether different. I'm changing. I'm, I'm changing, I am, I'm changing the, this is a, a different, oh, a different methodology. Like an altogether different methodology, a different, a different vehicle.

The reason why this works is because it's dual brain persuasion. The reason why you can become a successful trader, right? Is because you're institutionally shadowing. And my job then in that kind of that thesis is to convince them of each of those. And so who's got questions?

I know that this was a big, you know, deep, you know, this is worthy of you pondering, right? But that, you know, there's power in that. And I think that what happens is that what we're seeing now, and I I I think this is why it's so important, is that as the traditional typical unique mechanism, or the traditional approach to a unique mechanism becomes more commonplace, um, I think that the cause of it is a little, for some, it's, they don't really understand the, what a true unique mechanism is. They're just taking their thing and slapping a fancy name on it, right? That's some people, but other people, it's a bit of, for lack of a better word, it's a bit of laziness.

Because they're not doing, they're not going one level deeper and doing the thinking of what is this? Like, what is right? What is this? Like, what, why is this working? What is this, what is this doing, right?

Like, how is this, you know, like, like why is this working? And instead, what they're doing is, it's very easy to just say, what's different about my five steps? Let me focus on why my five steps are different, right? And, and then just explain why my five steps are, are, are, you know, like, explain that my five steps are different, and then say, that's why you can get better results, right? And I'm not saying that that's wrong, but it's not as good as changing the entire frame, right?

So it's not a matter of saying, just, I'm gonna show you a different way. Um, you know, I, I'm gonna show you a different process for being successful with Facebook ads. This is, I'm gonna show you how to be successful with Facebook ads because this is algorithm tapping. I'm gonna show, right? Algorithm tapping, I don't know.

You know what I mean? Like, right? And when you can, when you're, when you're algorithm tapping, what happens is da, da da da. And when you're not algorithm tapping and you're just running straight ads, this is what's happening. This is the bad stuff that's happening.

So it's just, it's just reframing, right? It's going one level deeper and then one level higher. Does that make sense? Questions? But, But, but in, in this, in, in these examples, the unique mechanism is also the big idea.

So look, I, I would say that in the like, like, look, you know, in the case of let's say how to make an extra $5,000 a month with one winning trade, um, by using institutional shadowing in terms of a traditional big idea, I would say there is no big idea there, right? I would say that there is no big idea. There's a promise plus a unique mechanism is what there is, right? There's a promise plus a, a unique mechanism. And ultimately the unique mechanism is, now you could say that, and again, just bear with me 'cause I haven't really, you know, I haven't really thought this fully through.

And so I could say something that, you know, uh, is off the Mark A. Little bit. But, you know, the, the unique mechanism is just, it's an elevated, it's elevated a little bit by the sheer positioning. In other words, so we could have said how to make an extra $5,000 a month with one winning trade, uh, by using the keystone method. Right?

Now, the keystone method is the method of trading. But instead we're saying that it's, it, this is not ordinary trading, right? This is institutional shadowing. And so the keystone method is a way to do, or is a, is a different way to do ordinary trading. Institutional shadowing changes the frame to, it's a diff it's a completely different way of trading.

And so, you know, just like I could say, just like with the, you know, how to become a, a persuasion be beast using the x, y, Z method or, you know, the x, y, Z method to become a persuasion beast, versus how to use dual brain persuasion to become a persuasion master, or something like that, right? That now you're introducing this new way, uh, this, this, this entirely new category of something rather than just a different version of what's already in the category, right? And that's the, that's the thing. The traditional unique mechanism is a different version of the others that are already in the same category, right? 'cause somebody else that's got, you know, somebody else might have how to become a Facebook advertising beast with the A, BC method.

Somebody else might have the, the, the, the ST method, right? And right. And we're coming along and we're saying, we've got the, you know, the teddy method, right? And here's what makes this method different, right? Blah, blah.

It's a different, i I don't wanna say version. It's a variation of what's already in that category where the moment that we introduce dual brain persuasion or algo tapping, right? You've almost, in a sense created a category of one. And then you don't need to get into the nitty gritty details of the mechanism itself, because we've shifted the focus from the, the system itself to this new thing. All I gotta do is convince you of dual brain persuasion.

I don't have to convince you that my method is different. Why? Because I changed the fo the frame from being about my method to being about the type of persuasion that we're using, the type of trade trading that we're doing, Right? But if, if there was a hierarchy of, of powerfulness of concepts, right? So like the keystone method would be, let's say at this point, the, the lowest level, the institutional shadowing would be better than that is a real big idea better than that?

Well, I, I think that, so, you know, be careful that you're not, you know, I, I, I think, look, I think a real big idea, remember the purpose of the big idea, the purpose of the big idea is to get attention, right? It's to ultimately stand. It's a different way of getting attention in the marketplace with something that is, um, different, often contrarian, controversial, sometimes, um, it's intellectually interesting, right? And so that idea, that big idea can also ultimately, um, have one of those two unique mechanisms. So we could have come up with a, a, a big idea for institutional shadowing.

Like, hypothetically, I'm, you know, I'll make something up like, you know, um, you know, uh, um, man discovers diary in, um, in Warren Buffett's office that reveals his secret to winning trades, institutional shadowing, you know, revealed for the first time for how the average investor can, you know, can do exactly what he does. Okay? That's more of a big idea, right? It has a news story element, it's got a narrative to it, but it still incorporates that, um, that institutional shadowing. Now, you could have done the same kind of idea and replaced the institutional shadowing with the keystone method, and you still would've had a big idea, but the unique mechanism wouldn't have been as appealing as the institutional shadowing.

That's where it was just getting blurry for me. But that was, That was perfect, perfect. You know? Yeah. So the, you know, the, the, you know, so they're not, you know, you, you just wanna remember that the big idea and the unique mechanism are not the same thing.

Some, you know, the unique mechanism can be incorporated into the big idea, but they're not the same thing. So you can have institutional shadowing with no big idea. You could have the regular with no big idea, or you could have both with a big idea, um, as, as well. And so, but the value there is, you know, there is value like the, the Warren Buffet, you know, man stumbles on Warren Buffett's secret diary, you know, uh, held back from the public, um, you know, blah, blah, blah, reveals his secret, you know, institutional shadowing. This is a breakthrough for the average investor.

Here's how you can do it, too. That's, that's a, that's like, you know, big idea. Um, plus a whole different mode of trading, right? Rather than, let's just say, imagine that big idea. Imagine if it was Warren Buffett's diary, you know, discovered blah, blah, blah, reveals, you know, the three ways he picks stocks, not the same thing as, right?

Like, not the same thing as institutional shadowing, which is a new way. This is, right, his method for picking stocks, it might be still compelling for people to, to hear about that, right? But you're not expecting a whole different type of trading. You're, you just wanna know what Warren Buffett's three steps are, what he does, right? And so when you can combine the two, then you've got something really special that requires a lot of digging, a lot of thinking, a lot of connections, and so on.

Make sense? Michael, you have any questions? John? Any questions? Uh, yeah, just a I just wanted to stress a point, or at least ask you to stress a point.

Sure. Um, a little earlier when you were talking about this, you were saying that, that it may not be, like for the, for the person consuming the campaign may not be necessary to understand the unique mechanism, right? Yes. But what's really, really important is for the pers for the marketer who's creating the campaign to be really, really, really intimate with the mechanism and how, and really understand it deeply, and yeah, okay. So, um, that, that, that's one thing I, I would love if you would stress a little bit more.

I think you did a great job of, of, of stressing it. You're absolutely right. I don't think that you could ever know too much about your method, your process, your system. I think that, right? Like, it's, the more you know about it, the more you understand about it, the more clarity you have about it, the more equipped you are to see what the, what is this?

Like, what is this not like, right? Like, uh, uh, other ways of framing presenting it. And so, without question, you have to be, you have to have tremendous extreme clarity on what it is that you, you know, you do. Yeah. And then the other thing I wanted to say is that the, the unique mechanism name, like these things we're talking about, like institutional shadowing, um, you know, algorithmic tapping and all this stuff, those, those names sound like, almost sound like there's something going on.

Yeah. In other words, it's not the E five method, you know, like, like what you've done, you've had differentiation, two point, uh, zero, you've had desire, demand bridging. There's a lot of campaigns you've written that aren't about the E five method, they're about those mechanisms, those special things going on. And so, like, um, uh, uh, like you were saying before, a lot of people have their unique mechanism and they wanna call it, you know, the teddy method or the teddy system, or the, you know what I mean? Yeah.

But really the, these mechanism names that like muscle confusion, like, um, ethical trib being like, uh, you know, it sounds like there's something going on there. You know what I mean? Well, yeah. I, I love that point, and I'm so glad that you, you know, you brought that up. I've said, anytime I've talked about the, you know, the, the, the unique mechanism or presented on it, I've always said, and usually people don't, they, they don't, they don't get this, they're almost surprised by, by what I'm about to say.

But I always say, you know, you, you want the unique mechanism name to sound scientific, to sound like something that would appear, could appear in a journal you don't like. Look, you don't want, you know, like when I see a fitness guy and he's selling, he's like the rea, you know, my, my method is the, you know, is the Jake method. Like, what, what does that mean? Like that that's insig, that means nothing. That means you just slap the name on that, right?

But if you said, the reason why you know this, the reason why this system works is because you know of what's called fiber, you know, fiber stimulation, you know, like right fiber stimulation that now just the change in name right? Makes me feel like this guy discovered some biological or physiological process that he's able to tap into. And that biological or physiological process is why this thing works so well. That's the difference, right? Like, you don't want, like, like, so like, you don't want it to sound commercial.

You really don't want it to sound like you just slap the name on it. Especially today, you know, and I say, especially today, and I feel like this, this conversation is, is really important today, more so than ever before, is because there are so many more mechanisms today, most people are naming their stuff. They're naming it something. And so now you're, you're seeing this plethora of the Jake method, the x, y, Z method, the, you know, the Facebook scale method, the blah, blah blah method. You're seeing it now all over the place.

And so, I, I really feel like that now is also you, you know, is starting to fall on deaf ears because everybody says that everybody is naming their thing. But when you can name it, when you, when you go that one level deeper and say, well, what is this? Like, why, why is this working? What is that? What's it similar to?

What is it actually actually doing? And we find that the scientific official sounding explanation for that, and we give it that name, right? That's what you want. That's what you want, right? And so they didn't call it the beach, right?

This works because of the beach body intensity method. It's because muscle confusion, right? Muscle confusion. And so that's ultimately what you are, are, are, are looking for. And I think that that's really important.

It might, it, you know, it might seem like a minor change, but it's not. It has a massive impact on perception, right? The, and that's like the re this is, this is the true, right? Perception is reality, right? For people, perception is reality for people.

And so it is, um, it's super important. I wanna go back to one other point, and then, uh, if anybody has any questions, we'll, we'll take 'em. If not, we'll, we'll wrap, you know, going back to the, you know, this, the need, the, the, the, the desire that some have to really explain how the unique mechanism works. I think that what most people don't really acknowledge or really, uh, consider is that most prospects, most prospects, they don't, they don't care, right? Like, you know, like when we had, uh, hurricane windows installed, right?

And they, they've got a whole process for ceiling. And I, I don't care. Like, tell me what it means. Like it, the things weren't, it's, it's, it's leak proof. It is, it can withstand 140 mile an hour winds.

It's not, it's back. It's backed by a warranty. It's, you got these references for me. Like, I don't, don't, you don't explain the process to me. I don't care.

I don't need to know the process that you use. I'm not gonna understand it if you explain it to me anyway, right? Like it. And so I think that it's important to, to, to realize that what matters most is that we show them, we've got, we've got that, that we educate them in a way that they understand this unique approach, uh, can give them the result they want and do it in a way that's superior to the others. And it's just that much more compelling, that much more interesting when you're, you're going from the traditional, this is what's different about my approach and why you can expect to, to, we're changing the game.

Like this is a breakthrough. Now, finally, for the first time, the average investor can use institutional shadowing to bank profits, like the top 1% on Wall Street. Never before has this been revealed until t like, now you feel like you're in on something. Like Michael said, you're in on something happening that you were missing out on before. Make sense?

Any additional input? Any thoughts from you guys? Or any questions? Big topic, you know, deep, deep topic to, you know, think about, I think sometimes I'll, I'll leave you with this. What's really important is that even when you are consuming marketing, whether it's just as a marketer and you're doing research, uh, you know, or you're just looking, let me see how they're saying this or doing this, and you feel compelled by something or interested, um, in something, ask yourself, why?

What's going on here? What, what, what am I feeling? What am I thinking about this? Why do I believe that this thing would be a good purchase? Or, or what, what am I enamored with with this thing?

Like, what is really, what's got my interest? What did they say? And okay, they said that, and what does that mean to me? Like, and what if they said it this way? Would I still have been interested in that?

And if not, why? Right? And process, like try to process, you know, like it's, it's, to me, it's very similar to, you know, like if you get into a dispute with your spouse, your partner or friend, whatever it may be, and then later on you ask yourself like, what was it that really triggered me in that moment? Right? Was it what they said?

Or, well, why did I, why, why did I react the way that I did to what they said? Like, and be honest, emotionally honest with yourself and intellectually honest, right? Like, well, they said X, but it really wasn't XX made me feel like I was being disrespected and I wasn't appreciated. Right? Like, that's really where it's coming from.

And so right start to, start to start to kind of have that, you know, that, that internal dialogue when you come across something and it catches your attention, or if you see something and you really feel like this is new and different, ask yourself, why do I feel like this is new and different? What did they say that made me feel that it is new? And okay, they said X. Well, why, what about X that they said makes me really believe and feel that it's, that it's new and different, right? And then when you see stuff that makes you feel the other way, like, I feel like this is rehashed, or like, ah, this is more of the same.

Why do I feel that way? What did they say in there? Or what didn't they say in there? Right? Like, what, what was it that made me feel like this is nothing new and start to right?

And, and I think that you'll start to pick up on those little nuances that have a huge impact. Little things, right? It's those, you know, sometimes like, like, uh, that say, you know, uh, small hinges swing big doors, small little things can have a big impact. This is why one word, one sentence, right, like one phrase can change the way that something is framed can change your perception of something. And it's important to start to be aware of that.

Okay? Cool. You guys are outta here. Thanks for hanging out. I'll talk to you guys next week.

Uh, Michael, I'll talk to you later this week. You got it?
