---
title: "cc_ 2024-10-08"
date: 2024-10-08
duration: 55m
duration_seconds: 3341
vimeo_id: 1017650509
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-10-08

**Date:** 2024-10-08 | **Duration:** 55m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right, so today we're gonna do something kind of, um, fun. Uh, I stumbled across a slide deck that I had put together for a client doing a little bit of a, of a consult. And as I was reviewing this, kind of going over and cleaning out some of my old slide decks, uh, I went through this and I was like, I wanna share this with the team. Now, I'm not gonna give you a whole lot of context here behind this, um, slide deck, and I took out some sensitive information that was in the slide deck, but I'm sharing with you call it, you know, 75% of what it is that I communicated with this particular client. And I just think that, um, every one of these bullets that I'm gonna, I'm going to share with you, even without the context, the specific details of the business, I think is valuable and worth kind of just pondering.

Now, none of this is kind of breakthrough. You know, you're not gonna hear anything new. Uh, but I, I think that this is all, all of this that I'm about to walk you through is just a worthy reminder. And it may spark a discussion. One or two or three of the bullets might spark a discussion.

And so if you've got a question behind why I gave this piece of advice, what I really meant here, uh, definitely fire away and we could unpack it a little bit. But I think that you will enjoy this. And so I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna, and find it valuable. So I'm gonna share my screen and I'm gonna bring this up. Uh, I xed out the client's name.

You could see this goes back, you know, uh, two years ago. Uh, but every single one of these is so, um, insanely valuable, uh, in my opinion. And so, without further ado, let's just go go through this. And so the first piece, the first thing that I, I, I had shared with this client, and I think that this is just a good reminder in general, and we can certainly, like, we can have a, you know, a, a multi-hour conversation just about this alone. But I said, like, you know, you're trying to compete in the Kentucky Derby, and you're running with a three-legged donkey, right?

You have incomplete front end funnels and a shallow, sporadic backend. And ultimately, right? This particular, you know, this individual's operating in a competitive space and they're operating in a competitive space. They're competing against other legit direct response, you know, entrepreneurs and marketers, uh, people with, you know, good, uh, you know, uh, average to above average copy chops and an understanding of direct response. And this particular client had multiple incomplete fu funnels, front end funnels.

We're gonna unpack what I would refer to as a complete funnel, uh, um, in just a second. But, uh, you know, many funnels, but incomplete funnels. So incomplete meaning that they didn't have all of the needle moving assets. And we've talked about this before. We've touched on this in a, in a, in a prior training.

But these funnels that were kind of, you know, they were built out, they were tested, they produced okay, but, uh, they were lacking many, many, many of the assets that I would include in a funnel to move the needle. You know, one of the things that I'll, that I'll say is, you know, and I've said this before in a different context, that I really feel strongly that a lot of marketers make the mistake of. They try, they'll, they'll take one piece or one part of the funnel. Oftentimes it's like the core offer, and oftentimes it's the conversion rate on the core offer. And they focus so much of their attention on dialing that in, dialing in the copy, dialing in the lead, fixing the headline on the page, you know, tweaking the, um, the offer in there, shrinking the, the VSL, you know, speeding it up, doing all these things.

And in hopes of ultimately making the campaign viable by, let's say, increasing conversions, driving down cost per acquisition. And they're missing so many of the other needle movers, like they're ultimately stepping up to the, to the plate to use a baseball analogy. And they're constantly trying to hit a home run, not realizing that a lot of singles, some doubles, a few triples, and maybe every now and then a home run can really have a massive impact. And so, incomplete funnels and a shallow, sporadic backend. And when you are in a competitive marketplace, and that's how you're operating, of course you're going to, you're gonna, you're gonna pay the consequences of that.

I said, and you've heard me say this before to this particular client, I said, you don't wanna play a conversion game. You wanna play an economic game. Now, it's interesting, right? It's kind of funny because this goes back to, you saw at the very beginning, this goes back to, uh, to, uh, 2022, right? So this is over two years old.

We've really lately been talking much more so about, uh, the, the economic side of the business. And I'll tell you, you know, for what it's worth, so John Moray, who, like I said, he is on a consult, but he just released a book, uh, called Omics, uh, great book, and the book, the Heart and Soul of the book, and it's doing well. It's, it's, it's actually great. It's a great book. Uh, a lot of the principles in the book he drew from, you know, from us from the years of working together.

And it's a great book because it's really about this, the, the three legs of what, what makes a campaign effective, and that is marketing, performance, media performance, and economics. It's the first time that I've seen at least somebody that has published a work that includes the importance of the economic component and how there are oftentimes when, you know, campaigns, it's not about Im improving marketing performance, uh, per se. It's not about improving media performance, it's about improving the economics. And sometimes the economics can't be fixed merely through increasing media performance and marketing performance. Sometimes there's a flaw in the economics of the model, meaning between the cost of media and the price point that they're selling at.

You know, the maximum a OV is just not enough to, uh, recoup ad spend, uh, in a reasonable manner. And so the, you know, what I was ultimately saying here to this particular client was that you really wanna focus on ROI, you know, it, it, it's, you know, and I know that this is common sense, you know, to us, and you've heard me say this numerous times, and this is a huge part of our, you know, our conversations and training and, and all that. But at the end of the day, it's the financial metrics, the financial performance metrics that matter, not the marketing performance metrics. In other words, the marketing performance metrics, things like opt-in rate and sales conversion rate, and order form, completion rate, and upsell take rate. Those things are all tools that we use to identify the constraint or constraints in a campaign, and then to improve that, but with the ultimate goal of getting our performance, our financial performance metrics within KPI, and at the end of the day, what matters is, right, is are we within the KPI of our financial performance metrics, ultimately really boiling it down on a particular, on, on, on a, on any given campaign is, you know, what's the cost to acquire the buyer and what is the buyer worth, right?

And at the end of the day, that's what matters. Now, sometimes we're using a OV, right? We're looking at a OV on day zero. Sometimes we're looking at the value of a buyer on day seven, day 14, but it's ultimately, at the end of the day, what determines whether a campaign is viable or not. What determines whether a campaign is scalable or not is whether it's within that KPI in terms of, you know, what, what, what's your cost to acquire the buyer and what is the buyer worth to you?

And so, right, that's the difference between playing, you know, playing a, a marketing performance game where you're focused on, well, what's the sales conversion rate? And our aim is to boost the sales conversion rate. And our aim is to right? And, and that's the sole focus. And rather than looking at, I just want the, the, the financial performance metrics within KPI, and it was funny because today John and I record a video once a week where it's kind of, we just talk about media and traffic and whatnot, and then we post it on, um, on social media.

And it's my opportunity to kind of pick his brain a little bit about media and stuff. Uh, and today I got him to talk about his mindset, his thinking, his approach to rolling out a new campaign. And he used and talked about the omics campaign. So he was very upfront about this, is we just rolled out this campaign for the book, and like, here's where we start. We started on Facebook, and here's kinda the first thing that I was thinking about.

I was thinking about what's success look like with, with this campaign? And objectively, what's the number that we're looking at, and what's the number that we're shooting for? Excuse me. We, we walked through the whole thing, and then in the end, John said, let me share with you the, you know, the exact numbers. And he shared the, um, he shared the, the current, um, CPA, uh, cost per acquisition.

He shared the current A OV. And ultimately, because John is running the agency, his aim is to use book sales to get qualified appointments for people that are interested in potentially getting John's help in the, um, in the agency. And the funny thing was, John gave the numbers and he said, you know, uh, this campaign is a wild success so far. He said, I think these numbers are gonna change, and they're gonna condense a little bit as we scale more, but right now they're doing really well. This campaign is doing really well.

And the numbers that he did not share were the marketing performance numbers. He never mentioned what his sales conversion rate was. He never mentioned what his order form completion rate was. He never mentioned what the take rate was on the bump offer or the upsells or anything like that. What the numbers that he shared that he used to determine whether the campaign was doing well or not were the financial performance metrics.

And so the point is, is that right? Like ultimately, um, that's the game that you want to play, not the marketing performance side. We use the marketing performance side strategically to impact the financial performance metrics. And then over here, I just said, you know, I I, and I don't even know why I included it in, in this bullet, this could be its own bullet, but I said we, you, you wanna model, which works with low sales conversion rate numbers, and you've always heard me say this before when you're running predictions, you know, and I, I hate the whole prediction aspect of the game. You know, I'm very rare da, you know, Damien, like, for our business, always wants me to look into my crystal ball and tell him what I expect at any given campaign to produce, whether it's for, you know, our main company or, or, or, or, you know, one of the other companies.

Like, and I'm like, dude, I I have no idea. You know, I never know, right? Like, I have no idea what a campaign is gonna, is gonna produce. But what you do ultimately want, if you are running predictions, is, and you ultimately want a model where you can have low sales conversion rates, and it still works economically, right? What you ultimately don't want or what you don't want to have to rely, I'm not saying that I want campaigns that o only convert it 1% or 2%.

I'm saying that ultimately you want a model which would still work economically at those low conversion rates. I'm not saying that we're not aiming for, excuse me, or don't want higher conversion rates. I'm saying ultimately it's the safest place to be in where even if you have, uh, campaigns that are converting on the low end, that it still works economically. A anytime anybody has any questions or anything that you want to ask, uh, chime in. Um, I had said, you know, of course, and you've heard me say this, y you know, a ton of times that you know that, and, and this particular business was a, a little bit of a mature business.

I said, in this context, ROI is CPA, uh, cost per acquisition to lifetime value, right? That what I was talking about here for them was not looking at, you know, again, I think that in mature businesses that have a backend, that have data, that have numbers on the backend, that have been around for a, um, a while, right? That it makes more sense to look at CPA to LTV or CPA to customer value at a certain point in time than it does to merely look at CPA to a OV on day zero, because I think you, you, uh, radically reduce your opportunity. It's kind of very similar to me of, you know, like, look, if you invest in an equity or if you're Teddy and you're investing in some bizarre, you know, crypto, uh, or technology, right? Like, look, if you give yourself, you know, if you give yourself, look, I, I, I got three months to double my money, I'm gonna give myself three months, excuse me, in this investment to double my money.

Teddy's not going in and saying, I wanna double my money overnight on every one of these campaigns, right? Because now you've got a very small, very brief window. You're shooting yourself in the foot, you're ultimately turning off or, or backing out of investments that if you let run for a little bit longer could turn out to be wildly profitable. And this is of course, why going negative, looking at CPA to LTV makes the game that much easier, right? Uh, higher LTV obviously allows for easier front end acquisition and produces more profit.

And so, hope that makes sense. You guys tracking with me so far? Yeah. I know that these are somewhat, you know, all disconnected. Uh, Teddy, you missed the, the, at the very beginning, I just said, I came across this slide deck that I prepared for a client in giving some, um, feedback.

And I just thought that each one of these bullets are, are valuable in terms of just pondering and, and, you know, and considering, yeah, going with this kind of theme, right? That ultimately the backend obviously really determines lifetime value. In most businesses, the backend contributes the bulk to lifetime value, and ultimately, in most businesses, it's the backend that is going to grow lifetime value, right? If you really think about it in traditional direct response parlance, you know, in traditional direct response terms, right? The front end is really that first, uh, tra transaction.

The backend is every transaction after that. So the backend has an infinite number of transactions to contribute to lifetime value, whereas the front end only has that first one. Uh, I said, you know, the business starts with the backend. Ultimately, what I meant here was what I said right after that, which the business is the backend, right? Like ultimately, you know, and this is, it's such a funny thing.

It's such an interesting thing because, you know, the business that we're ultimately in is the backend. When we think about front end campaigns, the, the, the, the way that you really should be thinking about it is we're putting together a, a campaign to acquire a, a buyer, right? Like we're putting, we're putting together a campaign to acquire a buyer. I love, I think it was Dan Kennedy who said something like, uh, and John recently said this, something about, um, you know, most, most acquire a buyer to produce a transaction, whereas we're producing a transaction to acquire the buyer, like, to get the buyer on the front end. In other words that most, you know, businesses out there, most mom and pops that are operating very transactional, excuse me, that aren't thinking front end, back end, don't know anything about that.

They're looking at, you know, I wanna get a buyer today, like, I wanna get a new customer today because that new customer produces a sale for me, right? Today, like, produces revenue for me today. And we're ultimately looking at the front end as I wanna get that transaction today because I get a new buyer, which then I can plug into the backend, which is the business we've talked about before. We've used the example of home security companies, you know, companies that sell, you know, home security, um, you know, alarm systems and whatnot. And they sometimes put out these offers to acquire new, um, subscribers to their service of like, you know, free install, free camera, front, back, you know, motion sensors, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

That's the, the business that they're in is the monthly billing, right? Is the, is is billing in month two and billing in month three and billing in month four, right? That's the real business that they are in the front end. That offer that they put together is just to acquire a new buyer, a new subscriber. The real business is the back end.

And so I, I say that, you know, it's, it's kind of interesting because, you know, we are so often we get caught up in focusing so much energy, time and whatnot, and resources on acquisition, on acquisition on acquisition. And the real business that we are in is monetization, right? Ongoing buyer monetization, the backend. You know, I think recently I did a podcast episode thing for, um, Caleb O'Dowd. And, you know, Caleb said something that I just thought was so really, so wildly interesting.

He said, you know, he said something like, and I'll paraphrase. He said something like, he made a comment. He was like, you know, he's like, people are so enamored with scale and what scale means to so many is more buyers. He's like, but what scale means to me is deeper and further monetization of existing customers. He said, and this is why I'm able to extract so much more profit out of a business when we scale compared to most, because he's, he's scaling the revenue, but he's scaling it through the backend, which doesn't have the acquisition cost, whereas most people are attempting to scale by merely getting more buyers.

And this is why I said here, that, right? Like, the business that you're in is not acquiring buyers. It's what you do after you've acquired the buyer with them. And ultimately what you want is a deep, extensive, continual backend sequence of offers to increase LTV or, you know, like that's for this particular client, or that you just want ongoing more transactions with buyers. It's all about what happens after you get the buyer that drives LTV, not, right?

Like, it's not just getting more buyers. It's what you do after you get those buyers. Make sense? Mm-Hmm. Single funnel isn't a business, right?

So one funnel isn't a business, it's an acquisition tool. You don't get rich off of one funnel, right? You, you get rich off a deep and growing series of funnels and offers the back end. That's, you know, uh, again, like we, you know, sometimes we say these things and you know, for a lot of people, they get it. They, you know, a lot of marketers, a lot of entrepreneurs, they hear it, they get it, they understand it, but it often goes in one ear and out the other that, right?

Like, look, you know, the profit is made on the, the, the backend, the most expensive part of the most expensive aspect of any direct response driven business is acquisition. I'm not saying in any way, shape or form that you don't wanna acquire more buyers. I'm saying that you don't, you, you ultimately want to shift over time. And, and again, you know, uh, I'm sharing this because this is a mistake that I've made before, right? Where you, you wanna shift over time where more and more of what it is that you're doing and what it is that you're focusing on is the backend.

Sell more to your existing buyers, sell more to your existing buyers. And it's so common, right? It's so, so common for people to constantly be thinking about the new offer that they're working on is a new front end offer. It's all, it's, it's like eight outta 10 times. It's a new front end offer.

It's a new front end. It's a new lead generation thing. It's a new front end offer. And right. And they're constantly thinking about, right, that first sale, getting more buyers, getting more buyers, rather than thinking about how do I further monetize my existing buyers?

How do I deliver more value? Get them to spend more money with them, right? I already paid the acquisition cost for them, right? That makes the front end that much easier, and that increases the profitability of the business, right? Like, you gotta recognize that a dollar on the front end, a dollar in sales on the front end is not the same as a dollar in sales on the back end.

It's not the same. Doing a million bucks, an extra million bucks on the front end is not the same as doing an extra million bucks on the back end. Not, not when it comes to profitability in the business. And I think that, right? We often can get so caught up in focusing on the front end, uh, and lose sight that the real business that we're in is the back end, is the back end.

I said, you know, the back end doesn't need to be an ascension model. That's, that is certainly one model. You know, that, that can be used. My, so my point here wasn't saying, don't use an ascension model. My point here was saying that it doesn't need to be, um, a, an ascension model, right?

And, uh, for this particular client, I said, I, I believe that you need to mix up the price points to keep people engaged. Meaning that, you know, like, look, if all you have are extremely low ticket offers or extremely high ticket offers, like, in other words, those are the two kind of offers that you have, I believe that you will miss out on a huge chunk of, um, of sales, of, of, of revenue in the business. And to me, when you are in a business that's got a very large total addressable market, that makes no sense, so, right. Like, look, the, you know, we've got a client in top one who is overseas, who's international, and who's the size of their market is, you know, in the tens of thousands. Well, in that kind of market, yeah, you, you really need to push lifetime value, really need to push premium pricing.

But when you're in a market that has a tremendous total addressable market size-wise, right? And ultimately because of your price points, right? Like 90% of those people after they purchase your low ticket front end are not, are not gonna ascend to a 10 or $15,000 thing, you're leaving a tremendous amount of, of money on the table. And I feel that if everything that gets rolled out is constantly at that price point that's out of reach for a number of people, they eventually tune out, tune out. And so I'm not saying don't have those for this particular client I was saying mix 'em up.

Uh, you're never gonna get a gallon of orange juice just by squeezing a single orange. No matter how hard you try to squeeze it, you, you need many oranges. I don't know who said this, and so I wish I could give credit where credit is, is due, but I think the idea goes back to what I said at the very beginning of the call that I think that, you know, the idea of plugging all the holes and gaps in a campaign is the multiple oranges. And if you're just trying to make the campaign work, let's say with just by constantly tweaking the, the VSL constantly tweaking the headline, constantly tweaking the lead, if that's kind of, all of you are do, you're doing and you're putting all your eggs in one basket, or that's the big orange that you're ultimately trying to squeeze, that is much more difficult than is, you know, inching the thing along with, you know, with a down sell, inching it along with a second chance offer, inching it along with all these little assets. And, you know, and we've talked about this before.

I believe that we, I believe that we had a, an entire call on, um, on this. But oftentimes, like, you know, you know, we can roll out a campaign, like I said earlier, that's got a lot of gaps in it. And again, you know, I, I've made this mistake, like, uh, you know what I mean? I've made this mistake. And so this is coming from experience where you are, you, you, you just have a lot of gaps, a lot of holes in the, um, in the campaign.

And I think that when you add in all of these, these little things, these little things, like look, there's no one home run piece. Like, there's no, I'm not saying that there's one home run piece. Like, I'm not saying an order form exit pop is, you know, is gonna double your conversion rate. That's not what I'm saying. But what I'm saying is like, if you got a front end campaign, you add a bump offer, or okay, that's gonna move the A OV, right?

That's gonna have an a OV contribution, you add in a second upsell. If you only have one upsell, that's gonna add a bit to the, you know, in terms of a OV contribution, you know, if you have an exit pop on the upsell that give people another opportunity before they leave to highlight, you know, the big takeaway, maybe you move the needle, um, a little bit. Second chance offer, you move the needle a little bit. And sometimes it's all of these little things together that, uh, accumulate to something profound. I said, you know, you need to continually dial in your, you know, it's valuable to continually dial in your campaigns with split testing and, and, and all that stuff.

But I said, only after they're complete, like, you know, I think that, you know, I would say that if you're rolling out a front end campaign and you don't have a bump offer and you don't have an upsell, um, and you don't have a second chance, you know, sequence, and you don't have these little things in place, you don't have a follow-up sequence for, you know, for abandons or whatnot. I, I, I don't think that it's the wisest move to begin to try to optimize the VSL. I think that it's smarter to build out to before you're optimizing one element, assuming that this goes on the assumption that the VSL is producing, right? That it converts, that it works, uh, that optimize after you've added in the elements, a optimize after you've built out, you've filled in the gaps on the campaign, or else you're trying to optimize a campaign that is incomplete in terms of what we need today, I recommended for this particular client that, um, I think they should add in full upsell sequences. I did not use to, um, believe this.

I did not use to recommend this. Uh, I don't remember, I can't recall why, um, why I have this in here for this particular, um, individual. But, um, I said, I believe you should start to add in full upsell sequences even on the backend, even on higher ticket offers. And so I think that the, the reality, I don't remember why I included this in here, but I agree with this, and I, and I believe this, and I think that, you know, I think that, um, I used to look at, I, I used to look at upsells and whatnot merely as a way to move a OV and moving a OV merely as a way, as a way to recoup ad costs on the front end. But I really think that, um, it makes no sense to me anymore to not include upsells, uh, on backend offers and higher ticket offers if it's a chance to deliver more value and, and, and further monetize buyers on the list.

Like I, you know, even though it doesn't, we're not, we don't have the same pressure put on those upsells in a OV, like, there's no acquisition costs that we are ultimately trying to cover here. But if we have the opportunity to deliver more value to them and further monetize them, generate more revenue and generate more profit than it would seem wise to do that. Finishing up, just leaving this, leaving, like I said, I took out some of the sensitive stuff in here, but, um, I just said, you need a simple and accurate way to track LTV, um, on buyers. And for me, I think that today I'm much more, you know, I don't even like really using the LTV right? Lifetime, uh, lifetime value.

I do. I I'm much, and I actually, John and I talked about this a handful of weeks ago. I'm a much bigger believer today in tracking the value of a buyer at different time intervals. And so rather than referring to it as lifetime value, which then people can get confused, uh, about just recognizing that, like, look, what is the average buyer worth to you 30 days after they become a buyer, 60 days after they become a buyer, 90 days after they become a buyer? You, right?

Like how, you know, it's kind of very similar to, again, if you were investing in anything in an, in an equity, in a, in a crypto, in a piece of, you know, a real estate. Like you want a simple way to understand is my thing increasing in value? And by how much is it increasing in value, right? Because that's gonna tell us how well we're doing with a big part of our responsibility, which is to grow lifetime value through the backend. And so you need a simple and accurate way to track the value of buyers.

If there is no, no way to track the value of buyers, really what I should say is, if you're running a direct response business and you don't have something in place that allows you to track the value of buyers at different time intervals, it becomes very difficult, man to make heads or tails of, of how well your investments are doing right through your backend, how well the backend is performing. Is it improving? You know, is it increasing? Is it decreasing? Right?

How much more can we use to invest in, excuse me, in the acquisition of those assets? Um, and so on. I said here, and I, I, look, man, I, I think that this is something that man, we can all like just be reminded of on a regular basis and said, you need to stop judging your campaign performance, your marketing campaign performance against other marketers, and you gotta just stick to the economics specifically. Like, is it within KPI or not? And in, in other words, like this is where like, you know, we can very easily, or entrepreneurs, especially analytical entrepreneurs, can get very consumed with like, well, what's the industry standard?

Well, like, what, what does it matter? Like, right? What does it matter? Because unless every other number in your business is based on industry standard and meets industry standard, why are you making a decision about one number or two numbers at the, at the front of your marketing based on industry standards, right? If you're like, what does it matter?

You know, like when John was talking earlier about the campaign, and he said like, you know, this is the CPA and this is the A OV, and this is what it's costing us right now to get a, um, a qualified, uh, appointment. Uh, who cares what the industry standard is? If those numbers are a home run for John for the agency, then what does it matter how well or poorly they compare with other marketers numbers? Like what does it matter? You know, it's this, it's just a game.

Uh, like it's, it's a game of comparison, which I just don't think leads anywhere good. And so I think that ultimately when you, when you know what your KPI, when you know what the number is, the objective data point that you're shooting for, and that works for the economics of your business, what does it matter where that is in terms of industry standards? I just don't, I don't get the whole thinking with that. Uh, I said, here, you need to stop looking for the home run method or trick or model, and you need to start to go the distance with all of your campaigns. Meaning like, look, you know, you know, like you need to stop thinking, you know, is this market like, should we switch to a webinar funnel?

Should we switch to a challenge funnel? Or like, what is the thing? What's the, what's the trick or what's the hack or what's the method that you know, can, um, you know, slash our CPA in half, like, you need to stop looking for. That doesn't mean that, that, that if you, if you come across something that you believe has that potential that you don't, that you don't test it, that's not what I'm saying. What I'm saying is that instead of relying on that, right, instead of looking for that and relying on that and believing that that's the answer, that's gonna get you there, just go the distance with what it is that you're doing.

It's kind of like very, you know, very similar to, you know, I, I often tell people in my anti salesmanship approach, you know, like when they, they, they bought like the E five method like two days ago, and they're like, you know, what about, you know, what do you think? Should I go buy the apprentice, you know, program? And I'm like, why would you buy the apprentice program if you haven't even completed the E five program? Like, and, and if you've completed it, have you implemented it? Like, have you already implemented what you know you should be doing?

Well, if not, then why are you gonna learn more? If there's already stuff that you know you should be doing and you're not doing it, then do that first, and then go over and you can add more. And so I, you know, stop looking for the, you know, it's, it's, it just reminds me in a lot of ways, and I know that I, I go back and forth, you know, like I, I, I, I reference this all the time, but it just reminds me in a lot of ways of dieting and losing weight and the people that are perpetually just looking for that one magic solution when I'm like, you know what, just implement what you're supposed to implement, right? And then stick to it, period. Like period done deal.

Like, right? Instead of looking for this home run trick, this home run solution, this next thing, like, right. Just take what it is that, you know, you're supposed to do what you've already heard that you know you're supposed to do, and implement it and be consistent with it, period. Like, period. And then I, you know, kind of in line with this, like, I think, and this is something, man, I can very much relate to this, um, you know, stop trying to bang out stuff, get it, and get it done quickly and get it done the right way.

That's, you know, you know, get it done the right way. Stop trying to bang stuff out. Like this is something even that I, that I still battle with, right? Like, um, you know, sometimes like with Damien and other things, like, how quickly can you get the campaign done? I'm like, you're, you know, you're asking me the absolute wrong question, right?

Like, 'cause right? We're not paid based on speed, you know what I mean? Like, we're based on having it done right now, having it done right in the most efficient, uh, and effective way, right? Is what we're ultimately after. But the priority shouldn't be merely banging stuff out.

The priority should be done the right way. And then how, what's the fastest way we can do it the right way? And so that is an important thing because I think that what ends up happening is you end up with kind of going back to what we talked about at the beginning, and a common theme here is you end up with a lot of incomplete campaigns. You end up with a lot of campaigns with gaps, you end up with a lot of missing pieces. Nothing really is working super well, right?

You have partially done campaigns, a lot of them, and there's a lot of kind of bandaids and duct tape all over the place that's holding it, that's holding it together. And so, right. And I'm not saying there's value in speed, don't, there, don't get me wrong. There's value in speed, but not at the cost of done, right? And so, right.

Not at the cost of done, right? And so this is right, like the idea of throwing stuff up, right? Like throwing stuff up. And so I think you have to be, you have to be careful that not everything, right? So like, look, sometimes you are gonna throw something up to get feedback from the market, but what you have to fight against is now is just perpetually throwing stuff up.

Everything becomes, now we're just throwing stuff up, we're just banging stuff out, and we're just looking to get it done quickly and right. And you never end up going back and completing it. And so that's the last bullet that, like I said, there was some sensitive stuff that I took out, but that was the last bullet that I wanted to, to share with you guys. Were you gonna say something, Teddy? Well, I was just, I mean, we're dealing, dealing with this right now, right?

Like the, uh, the, the impetus in the organization is to go create a whole course before I've even validated that it's the right offer, right? And I'm like, uh, like, don't know. Let's not go spend four days bringing in a video crew and shooting this thing when I don't even know that that's the right offer the market wants yet. Well, so I think, look, this, this is where it, you know, look, man, there, I, I wish there was like a concrete specific example that like, you know, or specific piece of advice that I can give you here. I think, look, you know, I think so.

Wow. How can I, how can I answer this and not, um, I think, look, sometimes I think, And that could, that could just be a, a difference between preparing the de there's a difference between fully building out the campaign and fully building out the deliverable. Sure. And I, I think, you know, look, so I think also there's a couple things. So I think also, you know, there's a difference between validating the offer, validating the hook, you know, um, the idea, if you will, versus validating whether the product itself is going to be desirable to the market.

Like, you know, like in other words, let, like, you know, is this something, is this even something that the market wants? Like, is the, is there evidence? Is there, is there evidence that the market wants this, that this would be of interest to them, right? Like, because, because as long as I'm not creating something that, I gotta be careful here. 'cause I'm, I'm not sure the best way to articulate this.

Like, if I can create something that, um, I can position through the marketing a variety of different ways, right? Like there's a variety of different ways that I can position, you know, position this thing like, you know, um, like let's say we're selling a wealth thing and it's right. Like how to, you know, um, how to build wealth, how to create passive income, how to get outta debt. Like, there's just a variety of different angles that I could try. That's one thing.

But if I'm creating a product that's so narrow in its scope that there, I'm very limited by what type of, uh, marketing angles and hooks that I can use in that instance, I am gonna be much more keen to validate the product before we create the product, um, than I ordinarily would, but Right, and that's why I was saying that there's a difference between validating the offer, the hook, the angle, and validating the product itself. Because if, right, because, you know, the, I think there are two different things. Validating the product and validating the offer and the marketing, um, are two different things. And so if you feel strongly like, you know what the, the outline for this product, like this would be a great product. I, I really feel strongly based on everything that I know about the market and everything that I've seen, and customer feedback and blah, blah, blah, and Facebook posts, right?

That this, this content, this material would be in demand, then I'm a lot more keen to say, all right, you can create the, take the four days, create the product, and let us validate, do some validating on the marketing and offer side, rather than validating on the, um, on the product side. Because usually we'll be able to find an angle that'll make the product work unless it's super narrow. Like, and man, there's only so many things that I can say about this, and I don't even know if they want this. Does that make sense at all? Yeah, no, that actually is very, very Insightful and spot on.

So, You know, like, and so, yeah. You know, like, you know, you know, yeah. Like, so some, you know, the, the, the why I, I think the, the, the more narrow the product is, the more the, the, the more limited we are in the type of marketing angles that we can use to promote it typically. And therefore, right? Like, man, I, I'm gonna wanna validate, like, I'm gonna wanna make sure that I've got enough evidence to feel good that yeah, that, that product is, would be in demand.

But if there's, you know, a dozen, a dozen and a half different ways, different angles that we can use to promote this, different ways that we can position it, you know, um, even like, you know, the more problems that it addresses and overcomes, the more outcomes we could tie to that. Like, we could tie it as, you know, achieve your goals, but we could also, uh, you know, tie it to have a great relationship. We could also tie it to, you know, how to live a fulfilled life on purpose, like, right, the more outcomes we could promise from the product, uh, like that just makes me that much more confident than, all right, I don't need to validate the product. I need to validate the, you know, the, the marketing and the offer. If it's extremely narrow, where like, the only thing that we can do is like, you know, this, we have to promise, like, how to bring spirituality into your relationship.

Well, geez, now I wanna make sure that the marketplace wants to understand how to bring spirituality into their relationship. Because if they don't, I'm limited in what I can say based on the narrow scope of the product itself. And so, you know what I mean? Yep. And so, um, and I think, you know, the, the, the last thing that I'll say is this is, you know, it's, it's why, you know, it's a, it's a balance.

It's a dynamic, you know, because again, in no way, shape or form am am I saying, you know, like, you, you know, like speed's important, you know what I mean? Like, speed's important. Ideas have limited shelf life. You know, like it's, it's funny. Ideas have a limited shelf life, not only in markets, man, like, things could, you know, go, like, you know, you know, things have a limited shelf life.

But I, I really even believe that our passion and and excitement about ideas wane. You know what I mean? Like, I, so I let stuff something sit, and then I'm nowhere near as excited. I start to wonder like, what was I even thinking? Why was I so excited about this?

And so, right. Like, I really do think that like, you know, there, but it's just not at the expense consistently of being done the right way. Because then, right, like, again, it's like what I said earlier about like, you're, you're, you know, you're competing in the Kentucky Derby with a three-legged donkey, and like, man, you're going up against thoroughbreds and you're going up against, you know what I mean? It's one thing when if you're, it's one thing when if you're in a market and you're not going up against killers, and you're not going up against people that know direct response, well, that don't have a significant budget, okay, maybe you'll do well with a three-legged donkey, right? But in a lot of competitive spaces, man, you're gonna get eaten alive.

Mm-Hmm. And right? And so you gotta be aware of that. And so it's not gonna cut it. And so, cool.

Michael, you good? Yeah. I just had a, your first bullet there. You need a simple and accurate way to track lifetime value on your buyers. Yeah.

Um, I, I feel like the further you get into your business, like into the backend, um, and I'd like your thoughts on this, it, it really takes, um, I don't know, a lot of, a lot of brain power, a lot of consulting with smart people to actually try to figure out what's going on and how you could even calculate something like that, you know? Um, Yeah. Well, I, I think, look, I, I think, uh, you know, I don't necessarily disagree with you. I, I, and I mean, look, you know, Teddy and I could, you know, tell tales of, uh, uh, attempts to get accurate and, and, you know, numbers in, in, in areas. And so you certainly can go down a rabbit hole and find yourself overwhelmed, confused at, you know, looking at numbers out the wazoo.

I think that that's also why it really lends itself to not necessarily looking at lifetime customer value and looking at, you know, like, look, we have a campaign. We have a campaign that's bringing in buyers. And, um, and let's see what those buyers that come in that campaign are worth in 30 days and 60 days from now, right? And like, it doesn't have to be this, you know, like this lifetime, you know, you could make the kid, what is lifetime and what are we talking about? And the reason why I wanna know, like, okay, so we get a customer in through this campaign, right?

I wanna know what is that, okay? So I'm acquiring an asset. That asset has a cost to me to acquire that asset. That asset also has a value on day zero. I put money back in my pocket.

Well, I wanna know how much more money that asset puts in my pocket 30 days later and 60 days later, because that's gonna inform me about not only how profitable this, this sequence is, but, uh, um, can I spend more to acquire a buyer? Do I need to spend less to acquire a buyer? Like, ultimately, that's how I judge whether I'm making a good investment or not, right? And so if you're thinking like an investor, you need a way to judge how well you're doing as an investor. And if you're not a, if you're only able to know a OV, well then, my gosh, you've, like I said, that's now you, you are an investor that is forced to make your money back all on one day or all in one transaction through one campaign, and right?

And for more mature businesses that have been around, uh, longer, I think that they're shooting themselves in the foot if that's all they're giving themselves. And so I would, I would look at, you know, what is, you know, what is the 30 day, you know, value, I think even for some folks, I think to start, right? 'cause this is one of those things, right? I'm also a believer in like, you know, start small. Just look at the 30 day value.

What's a customer worth? What's the average customer? You have a campaign that, let's say you have one main front end campaign right now that's working, you know, it's working best. It's your, it's your core thing. Look at what are the buyers that come in there worth on average 30 days later.

And that's it. That'll tell you a lot about what you're doing in the first 30 days. And I think that for a lot of businesses, I really believe that that first 30 days can be one of the most valuable windows, right? Because people, there are people that are hot when they buy, they buy, right? Like, buyers like to buy.

And the longer you wait, really, the longer you wait, right? The, the lower that flame goes. This is why when you do direct mail list rental, there's what's called a hot list. Like, who are the people that have subscribed to Time Magazine over the last 60 days that's much more valuable than the people who subscribed to Time Magazine a year and a half ago? And so my point is that, right?

Start with one and let's, right? 'cause what that's gonna tell you in your business, and again, every business is different based on the model and whatnot, um, but for the info product course person, right? So you get a buyer today, you get, you get x number of buyers today. Well, what are they worth 30 days from now? What are they worth at the 30 day mark to you?

Because that's gonna tell you how well you're further monetizing in that first 30 days. And I think that a lot of business owners, if they just direct response business owners, if they just focused on that, that would shift things because it would force them to focus on the backend, right? Like, it would force them to focus on the backend, because that's what's going to, what's gonna change the number from the a OV to 30 day value? What's gonna grow that number is the backend, the backend within the first 30 days. And so, does that help Michael at Yeah, yeah.

Um, yeah, that, yeah, that's, that's Good. You know, how you, how you pull the numbers from your CRM, that's, you know, that's a whole, that's a workshop that Teddy could give you. That's a whole different ball game, right? Like that's, you know, and some, you know, like, look, some people don't have access to those numbers for, based on the tool that they're using. Some people aren't tracking it, don't, you know, don't.

But I think that that's crazy. You know what I mean? Like, I think it's like investing in a stock, you know, you know what you paid for the stock, right? You know what the stock is worth today, the day that you got it, but then you have no way of knowing what it's worth ongoing. Well then like, what do you, what are you even doing, man?

How are you making any decisions? Like, I just don't, you know what I mean? Like, how are you making any decisions, right? Like the whole, the whole game then for that investor becomes, well, I gotta figure out a way, I gotta finagle a way to invest in a stock where I'm spending less than what the stock has worth to me today, because I have no way to track what it's gonna be worth to me in 30 days from now. Like, that's a whole different game that, that, that, that they're playing, right?

Like, that's a whole ridiculous, ridiculous game. And so, to me, it's the same thing. If you're, if you are an investor, which to me is the healthiest, savviest, smartest way to think about it in the, in the ac you know, the acquisition of assets, those assets are our buyers. You need to know what the buyers are worth today and what the buyers are worth in the future. That's the whole game.

That is the whole game. That's the whole direct response game. That is it, that is the game, right? It's acquiring them, right? It's ultimately the game is we wanna acquire customers, right?

For less than what they're worth to us. Now, there's so many gaps in that definition. We wanna acquire customers that, right? That cost us less than what they're worth to us. Well worth over what period of time?

Well, that depends on every business, right? It can be what they're worth to us. Most new entrepreneurs think we wanna acquire customers for less than what they're worth to us the day that we acquire them, that's operating at a profit, right? But the savvy, direct response marketer, savvy investors, understand that it doesn't have to be on day zero. It could be day seven, it could be day 14, it could be day 60.

If you're Agora, it could be six months. And so, right? Like that's different in every business, but you have to be able to track the value of, of a buyer or else you're not tracking the value of the assets that you've paid to acquire. And that's, that is the whole business. Yeah.

Yeah. Well, it's, it's beyond the scope of this call. But I think if you don't have that set up from the get go, when it comes time to try to figure out the lifetime value or what they're worth in 30 or 60 days, you can't do it. Yeah. You know, you're, listen, I've had top one members, you know, top one members that have come to me and say, I, I don't know.

Like, we, we can't figure it out. And I'm like, well, that needs to be one of the priorities on your, on your list for the next quarter, because you're, you're making decisions based on, you should be making decisions based on numbers, based on data that's objective, right? Like, in other words, if you don't have that, then when, when I ask, well, how well does your backend perform, the answer that you're gonna gimme is gonna be purely subjective. It's performing great. Like, based on what, what's the criteria that you're using to determine that you're feeling how well you sleep at night?

You know what I mean? Or what people are telling you, or your customer support tickets. Well, that's, I wouldn't rely on any of those. I wanna know the number, right? It's, it's kind of like, look, if you were investing your, I'll just leave it with this to give another analogy, right?

Like, if you're investing with, you know, a fund manager, a money manager, right? And you know, I, I wouldn't just ask my money manager, how well is my money doing? Great. Okay, great. Well, what does great mean?

That's subjective. What he thinks is great, and what I think is great, two different, show me the numbers, man, show him, show me the money. That's what I wanna know, and that's how I'm gonna make the decision. I'll tell you whether it's great based on the numbers, right? And so that's the same thing with how do we know whether the backend is working?

How do we know whether, what are, remember, keep all this in context. We said that the business is the backend, the business is the ongoing, um, uh, ongoing transactions. The front end is just to acquire a buyer so that we can plug them into the backend. Well, if that is the business, then we have to have a way to track how well that's performing or else, right? We're, we're operating blindly.

We have no idea whether we can scale the front end or not. We have no idea whether we're profitable through this particular, like, so many things, man. And we're stifling our, our, our opportunity from a marketing perspective because we're forced to operate within constraints on the front end, day zero when we're acquiring, instead of recognizing like, this is an asset. Man, if I could, you know, that's why dude, uh, uh, again, leave you with this, leave you both with this. I appreciate you hanging out longer than normal.

That's why what people didn't understand about Agora, they, they would think, you know, people on the outside would look at Agora and would be like, man, I, I don't, you know, I, I remember this, you know, years ago seeing people that were like, I don't, you know, they're selling a $49 newsletter. Like, I'm gonna go into the financial space and I'm gonna sell a $49 newsletter. Like, it's not that hard. What they didn't realize was that that's, they, they were playing an economic game because they didn't get that, they didn't recoup their money for six months. They didn't recoup their money for six months.

It wasn't, they were winning, not because they had the best copy, not because they, they had the best copywriters, not because they invented some whizzbang marketing me method, but because they understood how to operate like investors. And they understood that, right? Like, if we can afford to not break even for six months, that means we can afford to outspend everybody else on the front end and therefore we'll dominate, right? Like we, we will dominate. Like, and you think about it, it doesn't take a marketing wizard to be able to spend $400 to acquire a $49 newsletter subscriber, right?

Like if you could spend 499 bucks to acquire a $49 newsletter subscriber, right? You don't need wizardry marketing chops. But you need to understand the backend. You need to have the backend, you need to understand those numbers, and you need to be willing to think like an investor. And that's what they did.

And that's why they dominated and that's why they closed everybody down. Because just from an economic perspective, from an investor perspective, they were willing and able to spend more than everybody else. And they did. And they did. And then it got to the point where some of them were weren't breaking even for 12 months.

They didn't care. They did not care. Right? They did not care. They were willing to go 12 months before they recoup their, their acquisition costs.

When you can do that, when you can do that, you are at such an advantage over everybody else that, let's say, doesn't have the capital to do that or is just unwilling to do that, or, or is unable to do that because they don't have the back end. It's game over. It's game over. And so think about it. Okay?

All right, you guys are outta here. Have a great week. Thanks Dad. You.
