---
title: "cc_ 2024-05-21"
date: 2024-05-21
duration: 41m
duration_seconds: 2485
vimeo_id: 948845057
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-05-21

**Date:** 2024-05-21 | **Duration:** 41m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Recording. And so what I wanna do today, guys, is I want to go back to, uh, and whoever jumps on with us, um, cool. Um, uh, I, I, I'm not sure if, uh, Teddy's gonna be able to make it. Adidas gonna be able to make it, they can watch the, uh, the recording later. I wanna go through and I want to touch on, um, I wanna talk a little bit about claims, and I wanna talk about like the, what I would call as the six point claim criteria, that ultimately what we're looking for when it comes to the claims that we include in our, um, in our marketing.

Now, before I pull up the slide deck, I wanna kind of just quickly give context to, uh, to the two categories of claims or to the two areas in a marketing campaign that we utilize claims, obviously, first and foremost, right? Claims, if you will, statements of, of claims claiming benefits, claiming outcomes, claiming results, claiming adjectives if you will, meaning claiming, you know, speed and ease and reliability, and all those things are at the heart and soul of a, of a marketing message, right? Marketing messages are filled with, um, with claims. The type of claims that we use and whether they meet the criteria, ultimately determine the impact of those claims on prospects, and that's why we're gonna cover this claim criteria today. Nothing that I'm gonna share with you, uh, is new.

We've talked about this before in a variety of different contexts, but I think that it's really important to, again, cover the foundational stuff, the core stuff. I, I never think you know it, it's so funny because we can get caught up in so many ancillary tactics and strategies and so many kind of other little nuances, and we have to be careful that we don't, um, really run the risk of neglecting or forgetting the foundational elements. I would always rather have the core financial, uh, uh, financial foundational elements in place and forego the additional kind of, uh, advanced nuances and all, all, all that, rather than have the advanced, you know, nuances and neglect the foundational stuff. So at the, you know, at the foundation, like, look, at the end of the day, there are certain things that we're gonna say to prospects, certain things that we need them to believe and understand and recognize certain things that we're gonna say to them that need to get them excited, right? Um, that need to be, um, believed.

And if that is missing, nothing else is going to make up for that. So, therefore, at the root of our marketing, at the root of effect of marketing are claims and the right types of claims, claims that meet the, um, criteria. There are two kind of categories, if you will, of claims or two kind of main sections that, uh, where we utilize claims with the E five method when we're constructing an education-based marketing message. The first kind of category or section is the argument where we're ultimately making claims about the unique mechanism and about, call it competing or contrasting mechanisms. So we're making certain claims about what the mechanism does.

We're making certain claims about how the mechanism works. We're making certain claims about what makes the mechanism superior, whether, you know, what makes it faster, easier, uh, more liable, et cetera. And we're also making claims in contrast of that, about the other options out there, and maybe the negatives of those, or the shortcomings of those other competing mechanisms. That's the first part. The, that's the first area where we're utilizing claims.

And of course, then the second part is the part that most people are, the second area is the most, is the part where, or the area where most marketers think of when they think of utilizing claims. And that's of course, when we're presenting the offer and we're talking about the product and what the product does and, and, and whatnot, and how the product is superior and, and all of that, right? Of course, we're making claims. We're making claims about the deliverables. We're making claims about the results that the product can, um, deliver.

The whole thing is really right filled with claims. If we took the claims out of the marketing message, it wouldn't be a marketing message, it would just be a message, it would be an informative message, if you will. And I would say that even then, it becomes very difficult to have a message absent of any claims, because even in a news story, there are claims, there are claims about the main character, there are claims, you know, statements of what are supposed to be statements of fact or sometimes presented as statements of fact, but are really often claims. And so we've got those two main categories, and what I would say to you is that this six point criteria applies to both areas, applies to both areas where claims are utilized. And so, with that, let me go ahead and share my screen over here, and then let's pull this up.

And we're gonna go through this. And like I said, none of this is, uh, none of this is, is new. We've talked about each and every one of these in some form or fashion. I'm gonna, I'm gonna say that we've talked about each one of these numerous times over and over, any time we've talked about claims, promises, benefit statements, et cetera. But it is well worth reminding yourself of this, uh, on, on a somewhat regular, uh, regular basis.

And so let's look at the, the six point claim criteria. Now, the thing that I'm gonna say is the, the kind of the way that I stated these is the, the, the word claims are in every one of these criteria. And really, what, what I would say is that your claims as a whole, the collective of your claims should meet this six point claim criteria. Meaning ultimately, you wanna look at your, your, your claims, in their totality, all of the claims that you're using in your, in your marketing. And collectively, you want them to meet all six points of this claim criteria.

Now, as we're going through this, if there's anything that you wanna add to each one of these claims, as I'm going through, if there's something that I, I I kind of breezed over, um, definitely chime in. And certainly in the end, I would love to hear from, uh, from you guys, if there's anything that you feel I missed that should be in this and go, you know, take it from a six point claim criteria to seven point or eight point if I've missed something. And so the first one is relevant claims. And by relevant, I don't necessarily, or only mean relevant, um, to the kind of the, the topic, the product, the market, um, the subject matter. I certainly mean that, right?

The claims that we make certainly have to be, uh, have to be relevant. But I'm gonna say here that they're relevant in that they are directly linked to the thesis of the message. So it's not just a matter of, are these relevant claims to the marketplace? Are these relevant claims to the, um, you know, to the problem that they're dealing with, are these relevant claims to the solution that we're presenting? Right?

Of course, those things are critical, but these are relevant in that they are directly linked to the main thesis. And the reason why this is a claim criteria is because sometimes there are claims that we can make about a unique mechanism, or there are claims that we can make about, let's say, maybe a product that we're not going to include in the marketing message because they're outside the scope of, let's say, the thesis. I I would really say that that more applies to marketing argument claims, claims in that first category that I, that I talk about. And so you don't need to, to present every single possible claim that you can about the mechanism. You need to present the claims that are relevant to the thesis, right?

Remember, this is that whole, right? It, it kind of really goes back and ties back to the rule of one and keeping a very kind of taught line, uh, in our message of, right, keeping that thesis out in front of us, keeping that thesis as our north star. You've always heard me say that at the very beginning before we write a single word of copy, right? We've gotta know where are we leading the prospect? It's kind of like before you get in your car to, to, to, to take a drive, right?

Unless your aim is to just drive aimlessly, right? There is a destination that you need to choose, right? You start out first before you get in the car, before you start the car, before you start driving, before you put the, you know, you push the pedal down, all of that, you've gotta determine where, where am I going, right? Well, the same thing in the marketing message. Where am I leading the prospect?

And what we mean by that is what is the ultimate belief that we need to have, that we need them to have by the end? What is the ultimate belief that we are striving to install in the prospect's mind, uh, by the end of the marketing message? And that is critical. It's critical because you've heard me say before that it's always right, the North star, it's kind of like the, again, taking the trip in the car, right? When you enter the destination, that destination becomes the guiding, uh, the guiding point for your GPS, right?

When your GPS kind of redirects you, because there's traffic over here, it is still redirecting you using that point, that destination that you put in there as the ultimate aim. It's not simply telling you take a right turn and then another right turn when, right? Like, and it's not sending you south when your destination is, is north, right? Is northwest. And so it's ultimately leading you to that.

It's making sure that you stay on the course for that destination. That's why it's so essential that we start off with a clear, uh, uh, a clear expression of our destination, of where we're leading the prospect of what that thesis is, of what that belief is, because that then serves as our north star to determine what claims we're gonna need to make and what claims we don't need to make. And both of those fall under the criteria of relevant claims. And so, does that make sense? Right?

Yeah, makes sense. Good. And so, right, this is one of those things where, you know, where often, right? And Michael, I know that you, you encounter this on, you know, and have encountered this on sometimes a, a somewhat regular basis where people are like, I don't know what to, uh, you know, I don't know what to say, or I don't know what to right, include and what not to include in there. Well, often, right?

It, it, if not all the time, it should always come back to that thesis. The beauty of the thesis is right, if nothing else, the hardest part is really sometimes deciding what to, what to include. But the, the, the easier part with when you have a clear vision of the destination that we're leading the prospect to that belief that we need them to have in the end, right? Like at the end of the, at the end of the day, this is a game of beliefs, of installing beliefs, of shaping beliefs, of framing beliefs, of leading prospects to a, a, a, a particular belief that we need them to have to buy. This is why we've said, right?

And Michael, we've done with coaching and training, like, what do they need to believe to buy? What do they need to believe to buy? And what if they don't believe will they, will, will lead them to not buy, right? Like, so what is that belief that we need them to buy? Well, one of the things is, right, like, look, this is the thesis.

It certainly is easier to use that thesis to identify what I don't need to say, right? To see, like, right, is this required for them to believe that no boom. Is this required for them to believe that no boom. Is this required for them to believe that no boom is this required for them to believe that yes, included, right, included. And so that's the whole idea of relevant claims of that it is tied to that thesis.

Next, we have what I would call progressive claims. And progressive claims are claims that are very similar to relevant claims. Progressive claims are relevant claims, but progressive claims are claims that progress the prospect towards that belief that we need them to have. In other words, we're not merely restating the same claim with different words over and over, which would be a stagnant, you know, set of claims, right? In other words, like, you know, it's, it's almost like we're in, in instilling a belief in them with a claim, and then we're restating the claim with some different words and kind of just making that thicker that belief, making that belief stronger, right?

But they didn't move anywhere. They didn't move closer to the belief. And then we do it again with a different set of words and a different phrase or whatnot, and we're just making it thicker and stronger and denser that one belief, but it's still stagnant because they're not moving forward. So part of the claims that we use in their totality as a whole is that we're moving them from where they are right now, from what it is that they believe and understand, um, and, and have accepted right now to where we need them to be, to what we need them to believe, to what we need them to accept, to what we need them to see. And so this is, you could say that these are claims that are building on top of each other, right?

And so there are claims that are stacking, they're claims that are right, progressing, right? And so it is, if there was a yellow brick road, uh, you know, leading to the Wizard of Oz, right? It, there are claims that are allowing the prospect to take one step closer so that when we're done with our claims, we've led them to Oz, we've led them to the wizard, and so they're progressive, right? This is why we start off with, in the E five method with, you know, like, with what is that singular belief? What is that thesis?

And then what are those sub beliefs that we need, right? It's kind of like, you know, it's, it's, you know, it's, the journey is a mile, right? And then that's the thesis, right? The journey, that mild journey leads them to accept the belief that we need them to have. And then there are sub claims.

Those are the steps that they take, right? The, those are the, the, the, the, the, the three feet, the four feet, the five feet moves that they make, that ultimately together stack up to them reaching the destination. Those 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, you know, um, feet that they move is progressive claims. And so we're leading them somewhere with our claims. This is important.

We're leading them there. I want you to understand, right? We're not making claims to just make claims. We're not making random claims. We're not making as many claims as we can.

We're not making arbitrary claims. We're making claims that are leading them progressively to the final belief that we need them to have, which we decided and determined at the beginning before we wrote a single piece of copy. And so, does that make sense? Good. Okay.

So we've got relevant, relevant to the thesis. Thesis tells us what to not include and what to include. And we're, we've got progressive claims, claims that are moving them forward towards that acceptance of the thesis. Next is, right, and this is very basic, and the, the next couple are really very basic and really straightforward, and we've talked about these numerous times, but they are specific claims. This is where, you know, vague generalities, vague general statements, vague general claims just slide off the back of prospects, right?

They're, you know, vague general claims feel, um, like they lack credibility. They, um, they oftentimes, they are extremely difficult to envision in your mind's eye. Therefore, like we've talked about many times before, they don't cause that same visceral gut reaction, um, from prospects. They're not accepted in the same way, and often they don't, they don't do the heavy lifting that a specific claim, you know, uh, um, does. And so this is why it's so important to form the argument, like to formulate the argument in advance before you write copy and to do the work, the hard work of identifying the specific claims that you could make.

I would rather make a smaller, let's say, you know, not as impressive, um, claim that is specific and tangible and measurable and concrete than make a bigger, larger, vague or general claim about something. You know, to say something is great, something is fantastic, something is wonderful, something is easy to use, something works quickly. All of those are very vague promises to say that something, you know, that, that this is very easy to use. That's a very general vague claim because it's subjective, right? And I would much rather have objective claims if I can, like where this, were three clicks of the mouse and this works, right?

In other words, oftentimes what we're doing is through, and, and listen to me here through the specificity, through the concrete nature of the claim, right? We are explicit with the, the, um, specific measurable, concrete nature of the claim. And that specific, uh, um, um, explicit claim then implies the underlying benefit. In other words, right? If we said it takes, you know, like three clicks of the mouse, that implies the ease of this, it implies the ease of this, but it uses specifics rather than just says, this is easy.

Or, you know, just if you can click your mouse, you know, then you can do this. Well, how many times do I have to click my mouse, right? And like, am I gonna need to click on certain criteria and charts and da, da, da? And so specifics. And so I'd much rather have specific concrete, measurable claims that are smaller in size than vague general claims that are bigger in size.

And so we're looking for specificity. This also sometimes comes from like, look to, to deviate for one second. This is why it's also so important when you are choosing the, the thesis, really ultimately when you're, you're choosing the idea, the hook, the angle behind the marketing message, and ultimately the, the thesis that it's not just a matter of choosing what is the most compelling hook or frame or, you know, or angle or idea. It is what's the most compelling, uh, the most exciting, the most interesting of those that I can prove with specific claims and support, right? Like, what, which one of those are going to allow me to have specific claims rather than vague claims?

Because I'd rather have a, a smaller idea that's backed by specific claims and support than a bigger idea that doesn't have that same specificity behind it. And so, does that make sense? Okay. Next is also pretty straightforward, and that is compelling claims. And so right here is where we're, you know, we're looking to make claims that are compelling to the prospect, that are meaningful to the prospect, that are interesting to the prospect, and that are ultimately in alignment with what the prospect wants.

So, right? Like there's no value in making a claim about, let's say, the way that your software works, if that's not something that the prospect cares about, right? Like, if that's not something that the prospect cares about, this is where a lot of novice new marketers go wrong in that they often think that they should have as many claims as possible, and they don't put the, their claims through the filter of, is this meaningful, interesting, and compelling to the prospect? Because the only claims that I'm gonna make are the ones that I believe the prospect cares about. And that's it.

And all the other claims that I don't believe the prospect cares about, I'm gonna leave out just because it's a claim that I can make about something, doesn't mean that I should make it. What determines whether I should make it or not is is it specific? Is it part of the, the progressive claim? Is it relevant? And is it something that the prospect finds compelling and interesting?

Right? And valuable. That's the, those are the claims that I'm going to include. Remember, everything that we do in the marketing message always ultimately begins. We could go even further back beyond the thesis, beyond the big belief, right?

To the prospect. Everything is driven by the prospect, by what they care about, by what they want, by what they don't want, by what they understand, by what they've seen before, by what they're looking for, by what they're not looking for. Everything begins there. And so everything that we say and do and show and present and demonstrate has to be driven by our understanding of those folks. And so, right, when we say compelling claims, right?

It's not whether you think it's compelling or not, it is based on what we understand about the market and will the market find this compelling? And this is why it's so important that we do the initial examination stage, stage one of the E five method to really understand, you know, one of three different areas, prospects, what it is that makes them tick, what they care about, what they want, what they don't want, their wants, their, uh, their, their emotions, their beliefs. All of those things play a role because all of those things help us to shape what we say and don't say in the marketing message. Cool. Next, you've heard me say it a, a, a a a bunch.

And so this is claim criteria or, or 0.5 of the claim criteria. And that's supported claims and, you know, supported claims. You know, you've heard me say this, you know so many times that, right, anybody can make claims, anybody can claim anything. And the, the internet is the least trusted of all communication mediums. And so it makes it that much more important that when we make a claim about something that we substantiate that claim.

And the bigger the claim is, the more audacious the claim is, the more support, the more undergirding it needs, the more evidence we need to provide the prospect so that they can believe us, right? Because what you don't wanna do is believe that they will believe the claim or accept the claim merely because you've said it, right? Merely because you've said it. That is, you know, that's the opposite today, right? And, and you know, more so than ever before, what people's initial reaction or response is usually.

Yeah. Right? You know? Yeah. Right.

Like, you know, I showed my wife something, uh, about a week ago. There was a, um, there was this thing that I saw that I found really, really interesting. Uh, I won't get too far into the weeds on this, but I thought it was really interesting. And I thought that the person who was marketing this thing, which I'll explain in a second, was doing a really terrible job. And I felt like they could do a, if they did a good job, it could be a mass, a mass offer for like biz op, or not biz op, I I'll say income generation.

And in a nutshell, it was basically this idea that, um, that you, you can get paid every time you get a spam text or a spam phone call, right? Get paid anywhere from, yeah, I see, I see Michael's face and he's like, Ooh, I like that. When I saw that, I was like, oh my gosh, that's a ridiculous, like, that's a, that's a claim that people would eat up. 'cause everybody and their brother gets these, you know, fraudulent Amazon, you know, uh, UPS, FedEx, uh, text messages, you know, or these messages, you know, about your bank card needs to be updated, login, and, you know, God knows how many people fall for these things. It's nuts.

And so I did a little bit of research to see the volume of, you know, these fraudulent messages that get sent and whatnot. And without getting too in the weeds, like totally legit, there's like legitimately a way with a little bit of, very little bit of manual work where you can get paid, you know, somewhere between like 300 and $700, you know, when if you get, uh, if a spammer, um, sends you one of those kind of messages, right? Like legit, totally legit. I looked into this, like, I looked into this totally legit. So I took a, uh, I, I took 15, 20 minutes, whatever, and I wrote a little sales letter for this thing, and then I showed it to, to my wife.

And, um, I said, what do you think of this? And she said, like, uh, I just don't believe it. Like, I don't like too good to be like, I just don't, I don't, no, I think it's a scam. I think like, you know, I'll, I'll do something and, you know, like it's a scam and, right? And so the point is, is that, you know, is that like you need, you need support, you need evidence, you need to back up the claims that you make, you need to give people reasons to believe what it is that you're saying.

And I, I would say, and I might as well just pop this up 'cause it's kind of directly tied to this, is that you have to have believable claims, right? They have to be believable. And what I really mean by this is like, you, you know, you could really say that, you know, like, look, there are two things. The bottom two bullets are kind of directly tied together, but at the same time, they're separate things. So number one, right?

You, you wanna support your claims. The, the healthier perspective to take is that everything I say, they are going to doubt. Therefore, I have to have proof, evidence, support. And the bigger the claim is, the, the stronger the, the evidence and support I need, and maybe even the greater the volume of evidence and support that I need. The bigger the claim is, you may need more proof points, you might need proof points that are absolutely rock solid.

Like, you know, the, you know, extreme proof points, the smaller the claim, you know, the, the more minute claim, the less audacious the claim, maybe the lower the volume of support that you need. Maybe you only need one proof point to back it up, or one piece of evidence or one stat. But the point is, is that it's foolish to think that you can merely make claims and they'll believe it. Remember, at the end of the day, right, like their belief, what, whether the, if the prospect doesn't believe you, it does, nothing else matters. If they don't believe what you're saying, nothing else matters.

They're not buying, right? And so they have to believe, right? And what ultimately do we want them to believe as they're consuming our message, we want them to believe our claims, whether it's claims about the unique mechanism and or claims about the opportunity and or claims about an existing problem and or claims about the negatives of other solutions and or the claims that we're making about the product that we're offering. All of those things, they've gotta believe them. If they don't believe those claims, they're not gonna buy, they're not gonna get the full message, right?

And so how do you make those claims? Uh, um, you know, how do you get them to believe those claims? Well, number one, right? You support those claims with evidence, you back up what you're saying. You give the proof for that, right?

Like, you know what's, you know, like, it, it, it's why I always, you know, when people, people make claims all the time, time about things online, even in social settings, like, you know, such and such is a bad person, right? My first question is always like, you know, can you share some proof or evidence of that? Like, where did you come up with that? Where did you get that from? Right?

And oftentimes we know that the quality of their proof, the quality of their evidence, the quality of their support is ultimately gonna determine whether we believe them or not. If they're like, right, if they make that claim of such and such isn't a good person, and I, and we say like, well, what, what? You know, like, where did you get that from? Like, why are you saying that? What, what evidence or support do you have to back that up?

And they say, well, I don't, I, it's just a gut feeling. We're a lot less likely to believe them and buy into them than if they said, I'll tell you the three reasons why, right? This is the truth. Number one, boom, boom, boom, number two, boom, boom, boom, and number three, boom, boom, boom. And because of those three reasons, that's why I believe that this person is right.

And then, of course, the quality of those reasons is also going to play a role. And so the point is that today you need to support the claims, but then you've got these, the believability of the claims, and that believability can, you know, that believability not only comes from support, but you have to make sure that you're not making outlandish claims, right? This is where, like, that you're not making outlandish claims. I'll also say that, right? Like, this is why vague general claims are often not nearly as believable, and sometimes they're just not believable.

Sometimes they're just dismissed, right? Meaning like, like, I, I don't even know what this person is ultimately trying to claim, right? I'm not really sure because it's so, you know, fuzzy and hazy in their, in their generality that I'm not sure what they're trying to claim and therefore there's nothing I'm gonna believe about that. 'cause I don't even fully understand it, right? And so ultimately when we make a claim, if we're gonna include a claim in our marketing, we want that claim to be believed.

The value is all culminate, culminated in the believing of it, right? Like, if there is no belief, nothing else matters. You know what I mean? Like, if it's not a believable claim because of either the nature by which we're saying it, or, and or the support or lack of support, evidence, proof that we're giving, right? Then it's a waste of time and it's a waste of effort.

And so we need to make sure that the claims that we're making and presenting are believable. And so, just as a recap, and then if you guys have anything to add, or if I missed anything that you would say, right? Like, they gotta be relevant directly tied to the thesis. They gotta be progressive. We want our claims to lead somewhere.

And where we want them to lead is we want them to lead the prospect to believe that buying belief, that thesis, right? Specific claims are impactful. They, they stimulate that visceral gut reaction when done right? They've gotta be compelling, compelling to the prospect. The prospect has to find them interesting, valuable, um, and in line with what it is that they care about, want, don't want, et cetera.

The claims have to be backed up by support. And ultimately those claims that you make need to be believable. It doesn't matter. Like, look, you know, it doesn't matter if you've got clients that, you know, if, if you've got clients that you've helped make, you know, $10 million in 24 hours, and you've got multiple clients that you've helped make $10 million in 24 hours if you're in the coaching or consulting business, if the average individual in the marketplace that you're marketing towards wouldn't believe that, then I wouldn't include that claim in the marketing message about what it is that you've achieved, even if you have achieved it. And even if you think that it sounds wildly compelling, because it doesn't matter what you think or what we think, it only matters what the market thinks, what prospects think is compelling and so relevant, progressive, specific, compelling, supported, believable, anyone that I missed or anything that you would add.

Um, the, you know, the things that come to my mind are probably subsets or related to one or more of, of some of these. So for example, when you were talking about relevancy, one thing that popped into my head was relevant to the audience. You know, you didn't really s say that specifically, but Got it in my mind. You know, I'm thinking you gotta be relevant, you know, to the audience. Um, and maybe that falls under, you know, compelling or, you know, believable.

I, I'm not sure. Um, I mean, I, I think, look, I I would say that Michael, you know, and you're absolutely right, I would say that, right? In order to be compelling to the audience, it has to be relevant to the audience, right? And so, right. And, you know, in the, in the context of our marketing, massive, right?

In order to be compelling to them, it has to be relevant to them. I think that you're absolutely 100% correct on it's gotta be relevant to the, to the, um, to the audience. Um, but the, the, the key thing that, what I really wanted to emphasize on this call was that it's, it's because often that's not the mistake that most marketers make. Most marketers, uh, most, most marketers, they get the idea of, you know, of relevant. Like, you know what I mean?

Like, they, they get, you know, they get the idea that it needs to be relevant, but where they go wrong is they go wrong in that they, they might have an idea or a promise that they're making, and then they have lots of promises and many of the promises that they're including, or the claims I should say, that they're making in there are not relevant to the core promise that they're making or the core issue that they're addressing, um, on there. And that's the issue that they've got these irrelevant claims, not necessarily irrelevant to the market, but irrelevant to the specific message at hand. Yeah. Would you, where would like compliance, like, in my mind, that's another criteria that I, that I have in my head is compliance. And I'm not sure where that, that, that would fall in.

I Think that's a great one. I missed that one. That's a, that's a great one. Uh, um, you're absolutely right. I would say, and that's, uh, absolutely the case.

I would say you certainly want, you know, compliant claims. Yeah. That brings things into a different area because it's not, it's, it's less about, you know, the, it it's less about, you know, the, the message being in alignment with, um, prospects and the power of the message, and it's more about making sure that the FTC doesn't knock on your door. Yeah. But that's absolutely a great one in that I'll turn that into the seventh point of the claim criteria.

No, because that's absolutely legit. That Sure. Very good. John, anything that you would add? Um, I wouldn't, I don't think I'd add Annie to the actual list, but what I would say is that we're having, working with clients and everything else where I feel like the most people where they fall down is not necessarily in the, the relevant or the specific, maybe somewhat claims are less specific than they can be.

They can get a lot more drilled down there. But definitely in the, there's a lot of claims being met that are just not being supported. And yeah, by definition, by, by not supporting those claims, they then become not believable. So I think the biggest thing is that people are making claims and they're, they're just not backing up those claims of proof. Yeah, well said.

And I, I would agree with you. I would agree with you, and I, I, I think the problem, I think a little bit of it comes from, and not, this isn't, you know, this conscious, but it's almost a little, you know, it's arrogant to think that merely because I, you know, just because I say it, people are gonna believe it. And I really believe that, you know, like just, you know, I, I really believe that today it's the opposite with marketing online, right? That people are so highly skeptical and jaded, you know, like that, you know, they're so afraid of being scammed, and they almost believe that, that their view is that the whole, you know, most online marketers are scammers, right? Like it's, it's excessive in what they believe.

It's not even accurate. It's, it's, it's overblown in what it is that they believe that they tend to skew in the other direction, right? It's not like most people are overtrusting and they're like, ah, yeah, you know what? I probably can mail this letter to my neighbors and make a million bucks by next week. Like, that sounds like they're, it's the opposite, right?

And so they're hypercritical and hypersensitive and hyper resistant and so, right? And so for the marketer to come along and think, I can just make this claim and offer zero support evidence is really just, is, is, is arrogant, you know, uh, on, on a level because it's the opposite, right? Today you really gotta be so sensitive to, like you say, one thing that's questionable, they're out. I read one thing that is questionable on a webpage. I'm done.

I'm, 'cause I have so many options today. I don't care whether it is, if I'm studying a particular topic, you know, personally, um, if I'm reading a news story, if I'm reading a marketing piece, I don't care if I read one thing that is questionable. One thing that is a misquote is not exactly it. One thing that appears manipulative, that's leaving out a part of the story. One thing that, um, is just a fluff piece.

I'm out, I'm out because I have so many other options, right? It's not like there's only one source for anything that I'm looking at. So I don't need to waste any of my time with somebody that I don't know if they're fully credible. And I won't, like, even if I doubt it for a second, I don't need to waste any more time because I have so many other options. And so why would I risk continuing to engage with somebody who's questionable in terms of their accuracy, their truthfulness, right?

The, the, the reality of the claims and, and, and statements that they're making. And so you've gotta go in the other direction. I would rather be excessive, um, than, um, than not enough in terms of my support. You know, it's, it's, it's crazy today, you know, for whatever reason, and it could just be, you know, that I'm very sensitive to it today, but even there are lots of book reviews that I've read on subjects that I would never think people would be asking for. A sources like where, you know, whether it be, you know, just like sources quote the source, whether it be a book on theology or a book on nutrition or a book on history or something like that.

And one of the biggest complaints that I see often from people in the lower level reviews are people are like, there were no sources given, right? And so what they're ultimately saying, there's no, there was no sources. They made a lot of statements about a lot of different things and a lot of different people and a lot of, lot of different history and there were no sources given. And so, right, what's the complaint? The complaint is, I have no way to know whether that is accurate or not.

Therefore, I don't know if I should believe that, right? And so, like I walk away not really fully fulfilled because I don't know if the information that I got was trustworthy because there was no sources, because there was no support given for what was said. And I would say that that's even heightened when it comes to marketing by the nature o of which people look at marketers and also because we're asking them to spend money. And so, right, we're asking them to spend money. Imagine people complaining about a lack of sources in a $20 book, right?

Coming from let's say a professor or a professional, right? How they feel about a marketer selling something who's not backing up their, what it is that they're saying, they're going into that campaign highly sensitive to like, this person's probably full of garbage, they're full of crap, right? Like, and let's see, right? What it's gonna take for this person to convince me, it's gotta be over the top. That's the way my mind thinks about it.

And so I'm hypersensitive to like not using exaggerated claims, not using claims that are beyond the scope, beyond reasonable, right? Even making sure that we do the best we can to support and give evidence proof for those claims, even if it's reason why in explaining, um, and the rest of the criteria. And so, um, think about it, uh, I'm gonna add that seventh Point compliant claims since Michael was absolutely spot on with that. And there you go. And then I'll send you this graphic in, um, in Slack.

So you can use it as a reference tool if you want. But there you go. Appreciate the time guys. Go enjoy the rest of your day and I'll see you next week. Thanks Todd.

You got it.
