---
title: "cc_2023-09-19"
date: 2023-09-19
duration: 45m
duration_seconds: 2715
vimeo_id: 866069459
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-09-19

**Date:** 2023-09-19 | **Duration:** 45m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right. So today what we're gonna do, as I mentioned in Slack, is we're gonna take a look at, uh, a couple of emails that were used in a recent promotion, uh, that we did for a partner. We don't do a whole lot of partner promotions, obviously, but, uh, this, from what I understand, this copy, the bulk of this email copy was, was given to us, uh, in the form of a swipe, and then it was slightly updated. And, um, and what I wanna show you guys, I wanna show you the, the, um, the email copy, and then I wanna just very quickly explain what I would do differently with the email copy. Now, before we do that, I'm gonna give you a lesson, and I believe that the lesson, which we've covered probably four dozen times already, is going to kind of give you a hint at what I would do differently, um, with the, um, with the email copy.

And so, and I wanna go through this kind of, uh, we'll be pretty efficient here with this. So let me see, let me bring this bad boy up, and so you guys can see my screen. Yeah. So, okay, so let me just fix this real quick. One second.

Fix this. Okay, lemme do this. Okay, so this is, well, so let me give you the lesson, then give you the context for what this is, um, for. So, and I wanna discuss this. I wanna open this up to, to you guys, if you have anything to add to this.

Now, keep in mind that, as I've said many times before, that there's a lot of nuance in marketing, right? That not, you know, there, you know, I hate to even use the word rule because I don't know if there are these hard and fast rules. There are different principles that I believe apply in different situations, depending on the audience. The, the awareness of the audience, the amount of competition, what unique mechanisms are out there, whether you're going with a direct lead or an indirect lead, um, whether it's a front end promotion or a backend promotion. I mean, there's so many different nuances, um, in marketing or so many different contexts that impact things.

But overall, what it is that I'm gonna share with you today, or, or what I should say, is, uh, what it is that I'm gonna share with you today is kind of an overall principle, an overall, uh, uh, approach that I tend to take. So, I, I would say eight, nine out of 10 times, this is the direction that I go in. Now, what I'm gonna share with you applies both on a marketing message level as well as an email copy level. So a micro level, it applies on a macro level and a micro level. And so, the very first thing that I just wanna point out is this, that marketing today requires more explaining than just, there's a typo in here than what this is and what it does for you.

Meaning that, what I want you to really understand is that, uh, is that I believe wholeheartedly, and I believe that this has been the case for, um, for a number of years, hence the E five method. I believe that in most markets that have other competitive products or services, that you need to do more than just tell people what the thing is and what it will do for you. Because the reality is, is that most marketing, direct response marketing, um, is doing the same thing. Everybody is saying, here's what I got, and here's what it'll do for you. And rattling off a, a string of benefits, a string of, of promises, a string of claims.

And so today, you need to do more than just explain or tell what this thing is and what it'll do for you. That's an important lesson. Um, and it's especially an important lesson for new copywriters, new marketers that are told that, um, that what people care about are benefits and what it will do for you. Yes, of course, people care about what something will do for you, how they'll benefit from it, how it'll change their life, how it'll transform their life. Of course, that's what people care about.

But it's more than just saying, here's what I got, and here's what it'll do for you, because that's what everybody is doing from a direct response perspective, right? And there's no context given for that. There's no support given for that. And so, I, I would say, say it this way, that you shouldn't merely just state claims, benefits and promises absent of any differentiation, absent of any, here's why you should pay attention to this, to this way, to this method, to this process, to this system, to this mechanism. Because if you leave out the differentiation portion in most markets, people will be able to say, I've been promised this before.

I've heard this before. I've seen this before. Right? I, I, I've seen how you can use AI to publish a book. I've seen how you can eliminate writer's block.

I've heard that before. I've heard, here's how you can create a, an amazing, uh, um, table of contents. I've heard that before, right? Absent any differentiation, just having benefits, claims and promises, you run the risk really, of commoditization, of falling into the category of ordinary, of falling into that category of I've heard it before. And so I would expand this by saying, for me, the way that I see this and approach it, is that benefits alone equal or can equal ordinary.

Whereas differentiation plus benefits equals extraordinary. And in this context, what I mean by extraordinary is not ordinary, right? Is not a commodity is not more of the same is, right? Is something unique. And so when you're, when you just have benefits alone, like, right, if all we did was send out email, uh, um, messages or, or have videos that just talked about, we can get you, we'll, we'll get you clients or get you new customers every day, or convert your traffic, we'll, uh, boost your bottom line.

We'll, right? They've heard that before, right? Everybody else that we're competing with is saying the same string of benefits, the same string of claims, the same string of promises. And so absent of differentiation you like, in other words, like, what is special about this? What's special about the way this delivers this?

What's unique about the way this delivers this? Why should I feel more comfortable with this way, this method, this process, this system, this approach to experiencing these benefits? Or else, again, you just run the risk of, yeah, I've heard that before. And I would say that the more common your benefits are, the more common your benefits are, the greater the risk of mental opt-out from people, even if you focus on benefits. So, right?

There was a time and a place in, um, in direct response to education where people had to actually be educated on the difference between a feature and a benefit, right? And people would feature dump, they, this comes with X and Y and Z and this printer, right? It prints it 15 pages a, a, a, a second. It's got refillable ink, it's got, right? They would just feature dump, they would dump out features, and right.

People had to learn, right? You wanna focus on benefits. Well, today, when you're operating in a marketplace that's filled with competitors, just having benefits is no longer enough, right? It's no longer enough, especially if those benefits are the same benefits that your competitors are using. And so, benefits alone equal, ordinary, to me, right?

And differentiation plus benefits is the, um, is the key. Before I go on, does anybody have anything to add to this? Anything to add? Anything to add, anything in addition that you wanna share for clarity purposes? For everybody else, don't be shy.

A lot of brilliant marketers on here, and nobody, huh? Gosh, you guys. All right, let's keep going. So the next thing for me is, the way that I see this, and again, what I'm sharing with you is the way that it's, it's almost the way that I think about it, the way that I look at it. When I, when I start brainstorming a, a campaign, an angle, a hook, the direction of the message, an argument.

When I'm, when I'm in that thinking stage, when I'm in that more strategic stage, I think about it like this, the differentiation comes first. The differentiation must come before the claims, the benefits and the promises, right? So I say differentiation first, benefits second, right? And I just mean what I, what I really mean by that, I don't necessarily mean that you've gotta like, create, you know, create different, demonstrate differentiation, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and then add in benefits. They're, they're closely tied in proximity, in copy.

But I wanna lay out right away what is different about this, Ben, benefits, benefits, and what's different about this different, and I, I like to say, to me, the differentiation is the star. The benefits are the result of the star. The benefits that you get are the result of the star. But the differentiation is the star, especially when you are operating in a market, in a market where the benefits that you are presenting to the audience are already being presented by competitors. When benefits are already being presented by competitors, the same benefits that you are, are presenting when you don't have a unique benefit or unique set of benefits, really, what I would say is that you've gotta bring differentiation in right up front, or why should people want to hear more of what it is that they've already heard?

Does that make sense to everybody? Yeah, absolutely. Okay. Okay. And so you're gonna see this now as the backdrop just didn't, right?

And, and, and I think the, the, you know, and again, I, I wanna, I wanna be clear about this, you know, that I'm not saying benefits are critical, they're critical, but when they're absent of any point of differentiation, it's like, I've heard it all. Right? Right? You know, like, you know, I've heard it, I've seen it. There are tons of people that are promising the same thing, that are claiming the same thing, that are putting out the same, you know, the same claims that you're saying.

So why am I now, like, I've heard this, I've, I've seen it. Peop other people are, right Now, you're one of many, now you're ordinary. Now you're a commodity. And so I like to answer that question. What's different about this as early as possible?

And I tend to make it the star, it almost means, um, when, whenever I'm talking about the benefits, I'm talking about those benefits as the byproduct of the point of differentiation. So I'm always weaving in that point of differentiation, and you'll experience this, this, this, and this. And because of this difference, you'll experience this, this, this, this, and this. And because it doesn't work the way the other things work, and it works this way, you won't experience this, this, this, this, and this, right? And that's why you want to this way, right?

Point of differentiation, um, so that you can experience this big payoff, this big payoff, and this big payoff. See, I'm always weaving it together. I'm always making the, the benefits, the, the claims, the byproduct of that point of differentiation. That point of differentiation is the thing that grabs the attention. That point of differentiation is obviously the thing that answers the question.

What makes this different? And then through the articulation of the benefits and the way we explain how the point of differentiation, uh, um, works, that we're able to demonstrate why this thing is better in terms of results. Make sense? Now, with this as the backdrop, this as the lesson, I wanna share with you the, um, the, um, I wanna give you context to the email, uh, the, a couple of emails that we're gonna look at. And so this was for an, this was in the, the simple way to explain this is, this was for how to use AI to have your book written.

How to, how to use AI to have your book written. Okay? That's ultimately kind of really what the, the, the, the, the idea was. Now, is that a common idea? Is that an idea that's, that's out there?

Like, are we the, uh, you know, is, is, is our partner the first to say that? Well, it's pretty common now. No, man, it's all over the place, right? It's, it's all over the place. So number one, just right off the bat, right?

Number one, write off the bat, right? What I'm not gonna focus on is this idea of how to use AI to write your book. Why would I focus on that when that's just more of the same, right? That's all over the place, even though, yeah, AI is the buzzword. AI is the thing right now, you know, everybody and their brother is ai this and AI that, right?

I get it. But I'm gonna find a different way to describe, to talk about, to explain the way that maybe our AI works or the method that we use with AI to create the book, or the difference in the book that's produced and how we're able to produce the difference in the book. But what I'm not gonna say is, I'm, I'm not gonna present this generic general ordinary of I idea of how to use AI to, to get your book written, because it's all over the place. And so, right, go to YouTube and you could find videos, tons of videos on how to use AI to, to, to have a book written. So, with our partner, um, I identified three differences, right?

Like, and I did this quickly, right? I identified three differences. And, um, these were the, our, the partner, our partner did a, um, a webinar I came on at the very beginning. I introduced them, and I shared, these are the, in the beginning, these are the three differences. And what it is that you're about to hear and learned, excuse me, and C from everything else out there that's talking about AI and, and having a book written.

So the first one was this, that this gives you a book published in your voice with your words that represent your thoughts and ideas and values and personality, right? So this isn't just a, um, a computerized generated, um, set of words. This isn't, uh, right, somebody else's thoughts. This doesn't feel like it could be generic, like you could slap anybody's name on it. This is a book that represents you and who you are, and what you stand for, and what you believe in and speaks and communicates with your personality, your values, and adequately communicates your ideas, unlike what the typical AI approach to book writing produces, right?

So contrast in there and right? I knew that one of the things that the target audience for this offer that was coming at the end of this webinar, I knew that one of the things that they wanted was a, um, they didn't want like a book from, from a pure marketing perspective. They didn't want just a book that they can use to generate leads. They wanted something that that actually allowed them to communicate their message, to get their message out there and do it in a way that, um, is meaningful to them and impactful and represents them, and has their voice and their personality, something that they could give to family members and friends and feel proud of, right? So that was the first point of differentiation that I said.

The second was, I said, this gives you a legitimate high-end book of the same quality of a book published by Simon and Schuster, which can be sold in bookstores and appear on bestseller lists. So the idea, the idea behind this was really to counteract that whole, right? Unlike what is typically produced is a book that often gets flagged on Amazon for containing regurgitated content, right? Uh, um, and our partner actually talked about the change now to Amazon and how Amazon is able to, Amazon is now flagging AI created books. Verse, I forget what the other ai, uh, books that were created using ai.

There's like a difference between a book that's created with AI and a book that AI was used as part of the editing and, and, um, and the, the process. But what we're talking about here is a way for you to have a legitimate book, a book that could appear at Barnes and Noble, A book that could appear at, in, in airports, a book that is of the same quality as a legitimate book produced by, um, Simon and Schuster. A book that you could hand out for years, right? To people to establish your legacy and a, a, a book that you would be proud of, a book that could honestly appear on the bestseller list, right? Whereas the majority of AI books or books that people are cranking out with AI are nowhere near this quality.

And then the final thing that I said, and all this came from partner, was that, um, that this uses enhanced ghost writing. What's different about this, the point of differentiation here, right? Is that this approach, this, this AI method uses what's called enhanced ghost writing, which gives you the same quality of working with a real professional writer or editor, but is done in a fraction of the time with a fraction of the work at a fraction of the cost, right? And so you get the benefit of, right, you get the benefit of really working with like a real live editor, let's say, or the, the outcome, the result, the quality of working with a legit writer, a legit editor, right? But in a fraction of the time with a fraction of the work at a fraction of the cost.

And the result is write a legitimate high-end book of the same quality of a book published by Simon and Schuster. That is a book in your voice with your words that represents your thoughts and ideas and values and personality. That to me, really summed up what's different about this offer, uh, in my opinion compared to the others, um, out there. Now, I haven't done, uh, by any means extensive research on this market at all. In fact, I've done no research on this market at all, um, other than some work with or for the, this particular partner, uh, on his campaign here.

But these were the three differences that, uh, that, that I saw. Now, before we go to the email, well, let's just go to the, go to one of the emails, and then I'm gonna make this point. So this was one of the emails that went out. So, um, look at the, the subject line for a second. Do you want your own book, but are stuck or can seem to get started?

This is for you. Uh, anything new there? Nope. To me, nothing. You know, to me, nothing new.

Uh, right? Nothing new yet. Wanna put a permanent end to writer's block and massively collapse your timeframe so you can finally finish your book this week only I'm hosting a live workshop with a dear friend who's the top player I know when it comes to turning regular folks into bestselling authors. Check this out. Now.

So, to me, this is garbage, right? It's garbage. Why? Why, why? What What do you see here with this email?

Uh, like you said, there's no differentiation happening. What else? Anybody else have anything that they would add to that? No. I mean, there's, there's nothing different about this.

This, to me is all over the place, right? Google, Google Writer's Block, right? There's not even, right? It's not even like, look, it's not even like here. We're talking about a, a unique hack to end writer's block, right?

Like a mechanism that ends writer's block, or a unique system that collapses your timeframe on creating a book, right? That was just discovered. There's nothing unique. There's no, there's nothing intellectually interesting about this. There's nothing unique about this.

Um, and it's a very generic, general ordinary, right? That you want your own book, but your stalker can't seem to get started. That doesn't, to me at all, represent what it is that we're talking about here. It's almost right. It falls so short of adequately representing how different this is and what this can do for you, right?

That it's just a shame. See, to me, I would've focused on, I would've focused my, my, my first email would've focused on these three points of differentiation. Yeah. I'll add something too, Todd, is that the, um, the, you are right. Not only is it not different, but what seems to be an attempt at the benefits, which is ending writer's block and collapsing your timeframes in today's day and age, those might not even be benefits.

Like, how many people are out there really dealing with writer's block, you know, that, that, like, really think that that's a problem. Like, they think as far as, like most people in this market, they don't, they don't even think that's a problem anymore. They think that they can overcome that using ai. There you go. Well, and There's also a, there's also a disconnect, right?

Like between that subject line, which is for somebody who might be interested in writing a book, but hasn't started yet to that first sentence, which is about finally finishing your book, which implies that they've already started writing and have struggled, but we don't know that that's the case. Yeah, but good point, right? I, you know, you see how, like, you see how when you start to think about, for me, always, I, I don't know, I really, I don't know why it's really irrelevant, but my mind always goes to what's gonna be different about this, whether, right, I'm, I'm looking for, right? Is there a different benefit that we can, we can promise? Um, is there a different mechanism?

But there's gotta be differentiation in here, right? There's gotta be differentiation in here. And I, like, I would tie in, right, the a different mechanism and a and a different benefit, like a, a unique mechanism and a unique benefit if possible. But I'm always gonna have a point of differentiation. And so if we look at this now, let's, let's look at this.

So, um, recently we've been hearing a lot about the power of ai. And as you know, while people are not unified as whether this is breakthrough tech or the start of Battlestar Galactica, one thing is clear, it's here to stay and listen. You can set aside any doubts for overwhelm. Any doubts are overwhelmed for 30 seconds. Then if you can, you can set aside, let me ask you this.

What if you can use it to finally write? So, ai, what if you can use AI to finally write that amazing book you've always wanted to write, no longer getting stuck in the writing process, never worrying about sitting in front of a blinking cursor with writer's block again, and put an end to missing countless deadlines and breaking promises to yourself that this year you'll finally get your book done. Finally, have a book that represents you, your expertise, finally, okay, sets you apart in the market, differentiates you and drives new client sales. This is for you brand new live, AA work, uh, AI workshop. Uh, and then it goes in like some other, this is, you know, uh, some other stuff that we don't even need to cover.

Well, well, I just wanna point this out. Use AI to help you dial in your ideal reader and client use AI to craft an amazing, um, hook, use AI to blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? All, all these things over here. What's the issue with this? What do you see as the issue with this email?

What would you, it's not Different. It's, it's loaded with benefits, but it's not different. Exactly. That's one thing for sure. What else?

What else do you guys think? Well, well, it taps into the, um, representing you and your expertise, but there, there's no contrast between, um, like, like you were saying, what it is, what actually is going on, and what the difference is. Okay. What else? What do you think Teddy?

I, I, I think it goes, actually goes back to what I just said too. Like, like, do, don't we have to make the case as to why they should want a book in the first place? Well, let's assume that the people that, uh, let's assume they want a book. Alright, alright, got, yeah. Let's assume that they're already sold on a, on a book.

Adida, anything that you would add For me? I think overall, I, I'm not even clear who exactly this is for, like what kind of book. Like suddenly there's something about selling here, uh, which I, for example, didn't expect. Yeah. Okay.

Making sales. Yeah. Okay, very good. And so, I'll, I'll point out one little thing that, um, that I think we, you, you have to be aware of in, in instances where a market is evolving and evolving quickly. And so, right, what I would say is that using AI to write your book right, is an ordinary mechanism.

Even now, already, I would say that saying how to use ai, like, look, imagine if we said, if we came out with an offer, and the offer was how to use AI to write copy. How many offers like that are out there that are how to use ai, ai, ai itself is no longer a unique mechanism to, certainly to a certain segment of the market. And I would say that segment of the market is growing by the day, right? That AI is now a commodity. It's an ordinary mechanism.

And so what, what are, what, what, uh, was missed here was the opportunity to weave in the unique mechanism, right? I would've positioned the, the, the, the type of AI that we use, right? Or the approach to ai, the system, the AI system that is called enhanced ghost writing. And it allows you to, right, unlike the typical, uh, um, ai, this allows you to, or this gives you, or this does, so that I'm introducing something new. I'm not introducing a commodity or an ordinary mechanism.

And so, and this is an important point that I would introduce the unique mechanism. And anytime, I would never just say AI alone, like I would never say use AI to X, Y, Z, I would never say that because now we've just turned e even if I did mention the, the, the mechanism early, now we allowed that mechanism to become commoditized in the eyes of the, of the prospect. So I'm always going to tie the benefit to the mechanism, to the point of differentiation. In here, there is no point of differentiation because AI is ordinary and common. It's all over the place.

So there is no, right. So now these benefits are out there tied to an ordinary mechanism, tied to a commodity. I always wanna tie the benefits to the point of differentiation. Does that make sense? Anybody have anything to add to that?

So you're just removing those, the use AI to, from all those bullets and then the Yeah, I, I probably would say, yeah, like this, this Will help you two colon and then yeah, I, I would probably say like where it says, you know, we will discuss how to, I would probably say, um, you'll see, um, how to use, um, how to, how to let enhanced ghost writing AI colon, right? Right. Um, dial in your ideal reader and client craft an amazing hook title and, and subtitle, right? Like, that's what I would do. So that all of those benefits are tied to the unique mechanism and not tied to the ordinary mechanism.

Like, I'm never gonna let that ordinary, once I present a unique mechanism, I'm never letting that ordinary mechanism come out. I'm never, right. So it's kind of like, if you think about it this way, right? We, we have an ordinary mechanism. Did she use this as an illustration?

We have an ordinary mechanism. We put a costume on it, right? Just for, this is just for illustration purposes. We put a costume on it, it's now fully in costume. Never at any point do I take that costume off and let them see the ordinary mechanism underneath.

Because if you do that, you just blew the whole thing. You blew the whole, like, you now allowed that to, uh, to become commoditized. And so why do I wanna talk about AI when they're already, they're ai like, okay, cool. How do you use ai? Maybe now, right?

Maybe let's say I hear the offer, the offer is high ticket, and I say, you know what? Let me think about it. Let me go and see if I could do a little research on see if there's other things that will teach me ai. Remember, I wanna avoid that Google slap. I don't want them, I wanna be able to present a proprietary solution that they cannot find anywhere else.

That's what I want. So that there is no Google slap, they can't go find it anywhere else. The solution, the answer that delivers the benefits, the thing that delivers the transformation, the results we own, and we are the sole source of, Yeah, you know, you said something, you said something interesting before Todd, you said in rapidly evolving markets. And what's interesting is that in this market, we, we are evolving so fast that this copy and this idea might've worked eight months ago, correct? Maybe even six months ago.

But unless you have your, your pulse to the market and you're on top of this stuff, you wouldn't know that. So, I mean, certain people could be using copy that they think will work now because it worked back then. But in a market like this where, you know, it's evolving so fast, it won't work in, in just a short amount of time after that, it won't work anymore. Absolutely. And that's what we, we've seen, I, I believe that AI produced the fastest kind of change, um, the, the adoption within our space, the, the, the marketing online, uh, you know, the, IM space, whatever you wanna call it, um, that, that kind of rec, the, the amount of offers that came out about learning AI chat, c p t writing copy with ai, it happened so fast that AI, just saying AI alone went from being a unique mechanism to an ordinary mechanism in a matter of months.

Yeah. In literally a matter of months. And it was, there was probably a two month period, a two month window in eight weeks. Where now this is, it's no longer a unique mechanism because I can learn AI and how to use AI to write and how to use ai, right? Like from everybody and their brother.

And so what do we do? Let let me ask you this, right? And this is an important point. So what do you do when you have a mechanism? Like, let's say at one point, let's say, um, like Paul just said, this was copy that was used, let's call it six months ago, and it worked like gangbusters six months ago.

I also wanna point out, let me, let me say this real quick and hopefully I won't lose my train of thought just to point something out that I know Teddy is thinking. 'cause I've done enough of these calls with Teddy to know, um, that yes, of course there is a segment of the market that maybe they didn't, they haven't seen all the other offers. And this would be, um, new, right? Like this would be new, but you can still capture that segment of the audience and the more sophisticated segment of the audience when you bring in a unique mechanism. That's the beauty of bringing in a unique mechanism.

It'll work for that early, those ear, those people that haven't been exposed to a lot, but it'll also work for the people that have been exposed to a lot. But if you don't have a unique mechanism, while it can work for those people that haven't been exposed to a lot, it will not work with the people that have been, that's the beauty, right? That it's also, it's not an, it's not as easy of a campaign to put together when it's built around a unique mechanism, point of differentiation. But so be it, right? Like, that's the nature of the, um, of the beast.

What do we do? How do you fix something like this? We've already kind of really said it, but I just wanna, I wanna make it clear. How do you take this kind of copy and how do you update it to how do you fix it? What do you think, what do you do?

Not the, the, the, the, let me, let me simplify the question. The mechanism. So the AI here, ai, what do you, what do you do? I really already said it. Don't be shy, somebody throw it out.

You, you come up with a proprietary system to use the AI and Yeah. And, and label it. There you go, guys. Paul nailed it. Paul should be teaching this, these classes.

That's it. That's really what you do. Now, look, right, I'm not saying, you know, look, what I, I never advocate. I'm not advocating. Just take an ordinary mechanism and just slap a new name on it, right?

But the reality is, is that I am a huge believer with the overwhelming majority of our clients and students that with a little interrogation and a little digging, they can identify the unique me. There is one, right? Like in with, in, in this case, there is one, there is enhanced ghost writing, right? There is enha, there is one. And so, right, it does a disservice to the, um, to the, to the mechanism by burying it, not hiding it, not making it the star, not bringing out front, it allows you, right?

It, it, it really just causes this unique mechanism to be viewed as nothing more than an ordinary mechanism. And so, make sense? So, so at this point, do you hide that enhanced ghost writing uses ai? Do you just leave that out completely? No.

Like, I wouldn't, no, I, I wouldn't, no, you, I, you don't have to hide ai. But see, see, this, this is what happens, right? Like, if you think about the, um, the promise exposure spectrum, you think about, go back to Gene Schwartz's early work when, um, from breakthrough advertising and Gene Schwartz, what he really talked about early on was this idea of, right, like of, you know, promise and then kind of promise expanded, and then you introduce a mechanism, and then it's like mechanism expanded, right? Mechanism expanded. And so what that means is, right?

So you, there was a time you in the promises how to write your book, how to overcome, right? How, how to overcome writer's block all that, very early on, right? How to, how to, how to have your book published, whatever, blah, blah, blah. Then it became like, how to have your book published in 45 days and all, all this. And then it became, let's say, in this context, right, how to use AI to write your book, right?

That's introducing a mechanism. Well, once that mechanism becomes commoditized, and now it becomes ordinary, meaning it's no longer a unique mechanism, it's now a mechanism that is being talked about and used by other marketers. Now you have to expand that mechanism. And so now it becomes enhanced writing ai, right? An an AI protocol called, you know, enhanced ghost writing.

It's all, that's where it just gets wordsmithed. So I'm not saying Teddy, that I don't wanna leverage ai, I don't write, of course, I wanna leverage ai. 'cause I want folks to know that this is on the cusp of cutting edge and I wanna use AI to my advantage knowing that it's a buzzword, but I'm going to expand it so that it's not the same. Um, AI as everybody else, like one of our other clients, uh, one of our top one, um, members, I gotta be careful here, I wanna be sensitive to this. Um, had, uh, has an application with ai, AI in there, and their whole thing was, you know, um, you know, powered by ai.

And I said, guys, that is going to be commoditized in a matter of weeks if it's not already, right? Like, there's no doubt about that. All of your competitors will be saying something similar to, they might not be saying powered by ai. They might be saying, you know, AI powered or whatever, some, something close to that. I said, no, Nat, we don't start there.

You wanna start with the expanded mechanism. You want the ai, you want a custom proprietary named AI that you own, that you, you are the only source of that so that you can compare and contrast your AI against all the others. See, if I was selling an app that was powered by ai, right? That was powered by ai, I wanna be able to say, right? Like, this ain't, this ain't ordinary ai like you see from them, right?

This isn't the typical AI that you see from, from those guys, right? Like what thi this is x, y, Z ai. And the difference between X, Y, Z AI and the general AI that you hear about is element op. And when you use x, Y, z ai, you will experience this, this, this, and this. See, the beauty is with X, Y, Z ai, you see how star benefit, benefit, benefit, point of differentiation, contrast it against the others.

So I'm still getting the benefit of using ai, but now I'm standalone, I'm proprietary, I own it. Does that make sense, Teddy? Yep, that makes sense. Anything that anybody else would add before we go on and look at one more email? No.

Is this making sense? Like, is this pretty clear? Yep. Yep. Okay.

Yeah. So I think over here, if I'm not mistaken, see this, see live, how enhanced goes. So this was what what triggered me was, right? This is, um, finally the, the, the mechanism over here. Oops.

It's not possible. Uh, this is not possible. This is not possible. Oh, geez. Wow.

That's a, that's a typo that you really don't want. This is not possible thanks to enhanced ghostwriting. Um, this is, yeah, this shouldn't be buried, right? Like, it shouldn't be buried. It should be the star, right?

It should be the star. And so that was the thing that I, I I really just wanted to, to show you like, you know, for me it's so, it really is so simple. And I think over the years I've, I've seen it, it's become even like clear to me the necessity for simpler, cleaner. This is what's different about it and this is what that difference will do for you. And it's because of that difference that makes this superior to other options.

That's really it for me. Like, that's the whole game, right? Like, this is what's different about this compared to every other option, right? This difference will do X, Y, Z for you. And this difference is the reason why this is superior to every, everything else out there.

Like, I don't know if it's because that's the way I make decisions. Like when looking at, you know, whether hurricane windows, like, all right, what's different about these windows? What's different about your installation process, right? What's different and, and what's the benefit of that installation process, right? And like, why are your windows superior to the others?

Like, that's what I, I look for and I believe that that's what people want. And so overall, I think that, um, there was just a lot of noise and not enough focus on differentiation. And the big, like, you know, the big, um, the big transformations, the big results. Like, I would've focused on like, look, this, I I would've focused on how, excuse me, enhanced ghostwriting gives you that. Like, it gives you that book that is in your voice that you can feel proud of, right?

Do you want a book that you can feel good giving to family members and friends, something that establishes a legacy for you? That's the beauty of what enhanced ghost writing ai, you know, um, um, does. And I'm gonna show you exactly how it works and how you can reap these rewards, right? In a matter of days with this new AI protocol. Um, you'll see it like that's, that was, that's the approach that I would've taken.

And so, uh, that is all she wrote. Does anybody have anything to add? Any additional insights that you would share with, with everybody? Yeah, I'll share something real quick. Todd.

Awesome. If you could just go back to that, if you could just go back to that email real quick. So what's interesting is that the way that that email begins there, they're actually talking about, and they're leaning on a different idea. They're leaning on the idea that the partner is the trusted expert in the space, rather than leaning on the idea of enhanced ghost writing. Hmm.

And that's not to say that the, the partner being the original expert in the space doesn't have a value. Of course it does, but it should be used in a different part of the campaign. Hmm. Like they're, they're talking all about this person being the expert, but in reality that has nothing to do with the mechanism. The mechanism is all about ai and that should stand on its own two legs.

And the second it's all the way on the opposite side, where we see uncovered design architect optimize the steps in the mechanism, all of that should be front and center on the other page or, you know, on the left side that we're looking at. Like, everything should have led with that. Like yeah, even the subject line, if they would've just put enhanced AI plus your book equals bestseller and then kind of led straight from there. It's almost like, you know, looking at a campaign, it's almost like they're using the credibility statement before the lead. Hmm.

Yeah. Great, great point. You know, to unpack that a little bit more, 'cause I think that Paul just hit on something, um, super savvy and really nuanced. So Paul mentioned, you know, the idea of, of the, uh, partner's credibility, right? And that the partner has created, and he has, he's incredible.

Like unbelievable dude loved the dude and he's amazing at what it is that he does. But the, the reality, like Paul said, and I completely agree, is if anything, if I was going to use the credibility of the partner, I would've used it in the context of, of how does, how does his credibility make the enhanced ghost writing that much superior to everything else? Like, in other words, did he analyze over 1,450 se seven bestselling books and take that and have it turned into an algorithm that now powers the enhanced ghost writing AI to ensure that you like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? Did he use the, you know, did he analyze all these, you know, these books, these, the blah blah blah and turn it into a schematic, a rubric that enhanced ghost writing AI now uses and relies on to duplicate the same vibe, feel, flow, grammar of assignment and Schuster book. So I think that Paul is absolutely correct.

See, and that's the nuance really of marketing. Because if we were ultimately selling, let's say coaching, right? If we were selling coaching or consulting, then sure, we likely would wanna highlight the accomplishments of the, of the partner and who the partner has helped and how he's helped people. But in this context, because really we're ultimately selling people on the mechanism and what the mechanism will do for the only value in the credibility of the partner is how that contributes to making the mechanism that much superior. And so that's the nuance of marketing to know when to focus on the credibility, like, and how to focus on the credibility.

Um, I think that that's an amazing, an amazing point Paul really like, absolutely. Um, absolutely spot on. Anybody else have anything else to add to this or that you think would help everybody else on here to really get this point? No. Alright then.

That is all she wrote for today. You guys and gals are outta here. Thank you for hanging out. Um, I'll see you guys next week. Thanks.

Thanks, Todd. You got it guys.
