---
title: "cc_ 2024-09-17"
date: 2024-09-17
duration: 40m
duration_seconds: 2454
vimeo_id: 1010337536
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-09-17

**Date:** 2024-09-17 | **Duration:** 40m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right guys, so welcome back to another training. And so this week what we're gonna do is we're gonna revisit a topic that we talked about, uh, a couple of months ago. And what we're ultimately gonna talk about, I'm gonna bring up a slide deck in just a few minutes, is we're gonna talk about strategically engineering a funnel, uh, for scalable customer acquisition. And I really think that, number one, I wanna talk about this topic again, because I really don't think that we can talk about this topic enough. I truly believe that this is at the root today of being able to effectively acquire maximum new buyers, right?

Being able to ultimately scale, um, customer acquisition. This is something that John and I have talked about in a variety of different kind of forms over the last handful of weeks, um, in our, uh, kind of podcast that we've been, uh, doing together. And I, I truly think that this has to be the starting point of how you approach any marketing campaign. And so, my hope in this is to, again, get you guys thinking a little bit differently about funnel engineering, about creating a funnel, excuse me, sorry about that. That's about engineering a funnel, creating a funnel, um, with a little bit of a different mindset than the way we've all kind of really were taught, you know, uh, many, many moons ago.

And so, I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna share my screen, and I'm going to bring up the slide deck. And so we're gonna break this down. And so the very first thing that I, I, I wanna do, and like I said, I, I think that this will be a, a fairly quick call because, uh, you know, we've covered this topic, uh, a little bit. Uh, I covered this at top one. Uh, I believe in our last top one when talking about monetization windows.

And we had a call, I believe in June where we touched on this. What I wanna do first though, is I just wanna break down, uh, a little bit this kind of title, strategically engineering funnels for scalable Customer acquisition. So, the very first thing that I just, I, I, I want to go through this and, and break down the core components of this, because I just wanna make sure that we are on the same page, uh, with what it is that we're talking about here. So the first thing is customer acquisition. And so, look, you know, ultimately in this context, when I say customer acquisition, I'm not talking about necessarily converting cold leads or non-buyers on your email house file.

What I'm talking about is converting people from cold traffic, ultimately using paid media. And so when we're running a campaign with paid media to acquire customers, that's what we're talking about here. The reason why that's important is because there's a different consideration with a campaign that we're using with paid media, and that of course, is the cost of acquisition. If we are merely talking about, um, prospects on our house file, maybe we're talking about prospects on our house file that we already paid for when we were running another campaign, meaning, right, the acquisition costs for the customers, and ultimately the leads were handled, uh, already from a prior campaign. Well, then there are different considerations with that type of campaign.

And so the additional thing that we have to recognize is that the biggest constraint or the constraint in a customer acquisition campaign being used with paid media are the costs, right? Is the expense of the customer acquisition. And so we have to be able to handle that, uh, in order to have a scalable campaign. Now, let's talk about scalable, and this is a word that I think gets tossed around, um, all the time, and I think it's almost lost its meaning. Uh, and so I, I just wanna talk for a second about what scalable means from my perspective.

And so I wanna give you kind of, um, three more kind of formal definitions, if you will, and then one that is just the simplest, uh, way to look at it. But I would love, before I go through this, when I say, or when we say scalable, a scalable campaign, what does that mean? What do we mean by scalable? And so I'd love to hear from, you know, from all three of you. And so what, what, when we say a scalable campaign, what does that mean?

Let's start with Michael. Okay. So when I think scalable, I mean, if you're, if you're paying for media to get new customers, if you, if it's scalable, that means you can pay more and more money to get even more and more customers like the, the more, you know what I'm saying? Like, you increase how much you're paying for the media, you're gonna get you, and you can just keep going. It, it's scalable.

So that's okay. That's what I think. Okay. I dig it. I dig it.

Teddy, what would you, how would you define scalable in this context? Uh, just being able to inc continue to increase the budget without the, uh, the rest of the metrics changing. There you go. Okay. That's another great way to to say it.

John, how would you, I know you have this conversation all the time with clients in the agency, and so how would you define scalable? Yeah, I think what both guys said there sums up great, perfectly, I mean, like, essentially scalable, is that you can, you can continue to invest and pay traffic and continue to increase your ad spend and continue to acquire customers within your desired KPI, whether that is at a break even level or whether that's, if you're, if you, you know your numbers, you're willing to go negative, whatever that is, whatever your KPI is, that you can continue to scale regardless of the ad cost. Yeah, well said. All of you guys really, all of you guys nailed it. And so, uh, and it's almost, you know, the almost word for word with some aspects of, of how I defined it here.

The very first thing is that, right, as inputs increase, outputs increase proportionally, right? That's the perfect definition, if you will, of scalable as inputs increase, right? Outputs increase proportionally, in other words, right? In an ideal world, right? If we were, if we're spending a hundred bucks a day, when we spend a thousand bucks a day, the, the, the system continues to pump out buyers, uh, at the same proportion.

In other words, right? As we, as the inputs increase, it's not breaking the outputs, in other words, right? Like, what wouldn't be scalable is if we doubled the inputs and the outputs remain the same, right? Or the outputs decreased, or the outputs only went up incrementally. What that ultimately means is that there's gonna be a limit to how much we can scale the campaign before it breaks.

So in an ideal, perfect world, right, as the inputs increase, the outputs increase proportionally. That's ultimately when, you know, if you really just think about any kind of scalable system, whether it's like, you know, from a marketing perspective in this context here, what I'm talking about is ultimately as we increase ad spend, we see a, you know, we see an increase, a proportional increase in revenue sales, if, if you will, but really a scalable system in general, in a business is one where as the inputs increase the outputs in, in, um, increase proportionally, along with that, you could say that, right? Revenue increases without a significant, a significant increase in resource demand. That's just a fancy way of me saying that, right? Like that, um, we are increasing revenue while the, uh, while the resources used are not becoming less efficient, right?

So in other words, it's, it's, you know, in other words, right? Like to produce the same volume of buyers, it's not now costing us a dollar 50 instead of a dollar before, right? And as we continue to grow that, it's not costing us a dollar 90 when it was costing us a dollar before, as we increase more buyers, revenue increases without a significant decrease in resource efficiency. That's just another way of saying the same thing without our, in this case, without our ad spend becoming less efficient, right? Less and less efficient.

If, as you, as revenue increases, talking about specifically in this context with a paid advertising campaign, if revenue is increasing and our resources, which in this case is ad spend, capital is becoming less efficient, that means that as we continue to scale, eventually we're gonna reach a breaking point. I would say what really, I, I think all three of you said what Teddy said, what all three of you really said in some capacity is the ability to drive more and more paid traffic without our campaign financial metrics falling out of the desired CPA to a OV ratio without the desired k, without falling out of KPI, right? Without falling out of KPI. And so, in this context, the thing that I really want you to understand is that what is the limiting factor? The limiting factor, right?

Like the thing that we're ultimately, we're ultimately dealing with is cost and rising cost, right? So, and when I say rising costs, increasing costs, there are two things that we need to consider. One is that over time, media costs on any valuable platform go up, they don't go down, they will only continue to go up, right? John has, you know, has seen this firsthand, you know, over the last handful of years. I know that Teddy, uh, and I having, you know, been in this business for, at decades at this point, remember when things were 20 cents a click that are now $4 and 20 cents a click, right?

And so it's crazy. People can't imagine there was a time when you could pay 20 cents a click on Google. It was nuts. Which is why you, you could make a, an ebook work in a funnel, right? Like I, you know, I, I remember those times very clearly.

And so, right? Media costs in general are increasing on platforms that are valuable and will always increase. The other thing to recognize is that John sees this on a, on a regular basis with new clients that come in, is that, um, often as you increase budget and you expand the net of who you're going after acquisition costs increase, right? So oftentimes the cost per visitor can increase, you know, uh, acquisition cost increase, not only due to those, uh, the increase in in cost per, uh, cost per visitor, but also as the net goes wider and wider, often conversion rates can go down a bit. Um, and so ultimately what we're dealing with is we're dealing with this, um, we're dealing with a cost, right?

Think about this from a simple perspective, right? That if there was no cost, if there was no cost, if there was no expense, you could scale out the wazoo. There would be no such thing as a scalability problem if there was no cost. And so cost is the factor, which ultimately brings us to strategically engineering the, um, funnels for scalable, uh, customer acquisition. So I just want to talk for a second about what do I mean in this particular context about strategically engineering these campaigns?

Well, let me start by saying what I'm not talking about in this context. I'm not talking about the marketing message. I'm not talking about the argument. I'm not talking about the big idea. I'm not talking about the unique mechanism.

Ultimately, as you're gonna see in just a second, what I'm talking about is strategically engineering in the sense that we are putting together a campaign, a complete funnel, that will allow us to pay the CPAs that we are going to need to pay to acquire en mass to acquire at scale. Make sense? The aim, right? The way I just said it here for simplicity, the aim when we're strategically engineering these campaigns, right? When we're, when we're thinking about a campaign, is to be able to acquire the maximum number of new buyers possible from paid media, right?

Maximum, the maximum number of new buyers from paid media, like right? We're looking to acquire as many new buyers as we possibly can from paid media. Now, the strategy, what I would say strategically, uh, is that we're going to aim to drive a OV as high as possible to offset as much of our acquisition costs on day zero as possible, right? So we're going to, the strategy that we're going to use to do this to acquire the maximum number of new buyers is we're gonna drive a OV as high as possible to offset as much of our acquisition costs on day zero as possible. Tactically, and this is kind of the takeaway in terms of the thinking and this, if there was one, if there was one major thing, this, this is one of the major shifts that I've had, I would say really over the last 18 months or so, in terms of the way that I think about, um, campaigns.

So certainly one is the monetization window, right? And really looking at that I is a, has been a big shift for me, and right, I being driven by the el elevating costs associated with paid media as well as a, you know, as well as in some capacity, a decrease in response rates across the board. Um, but this is, uh, this is another big one, and that is tactically we're gonna design, coordinate all funnel offers specifically in this context right now for this meeting pricing in advance, in advance, which we're gonna talk about in just a second with the goal of the funnel, producing a high a OV with even subpar marketing performance metrics. So, I wanna break this down for a second before we go onto the next bullet. And then the next slide where we're gonna get practical for, for a second, what we talked about a few months ago is we talked about the idea, and this is kind of, this is, this is the thinking here.

Number one is that, is that I want you to, actually, I say this breaking, breaking down that third bullet is that we're gonna view all of the offers in the funnel as one seamless system in place to produce the A OV needed to pay peak media and acquisition costs. In other words, right? This is what we talked about a handful of months ago, in other words, right? I think that it is really important. I think that it is critical to not try to design offers for a funnel in isolation.

I think it's certainly absolutely foolish today to merely look at the core offer as doing the heavy lifting in a campaign when it comes to CPA to a OV ratio, when it comes to offsetting acquisition costs, all of that today, right? You need to recognize that we need a complete funnel. We need a funnel from the core offer to the bump to upsell one, to possibly upsell two to maybe a downsell second chance. All of those things. We need to look at that as one seamless system.

And that one seamless system needs to be designed, engineered, coordinated with one purpose in mind. And that's to be able to, uh, produce a high enough a LV to offset high CPAs, right? So in other words, the game, like, look, the game is not won by the game is not won by trying to, uh, solely, uh, have a scalable campaign based on the reduction of, of acquisition costs. 'cause again, you are fighting against the trend, right? You're fighting against the trend.

The aim here is to work really on the value side of the equation, right? And to increase the value high enough to be able to pay high CPAs, we already know, right? It's been set, it's now at this point, really direct response 1 0 1, that the entrepreneur that can pay the highest to acquire a buyer has the tremendous advantage, right? Dan Kennedy said, the, the one who can afford to spend the most and who does, who's willing to spend the most to acquire a buyer, will win, will win. And so in this context, what we're talking about, right, is we're talking about looking at the funnel, not looking at individual offers in the funnel separately, right?

But looking at them as one seamless system that is in place to produce a high enough a OV to offset our acquisition costs. Any questions about that before I go on? Or anything that you would add to that or ask? Go ahead, Michael. You're muted.

When you say, um, view all offers in the funnel, mm-Hmm. Are you talking about a single campaign or are you talking about all of the, like, all the things you do to funnel, um, people into your business? You know what I'm saying? Is it, Um, so in this context, if I understand the question correctly, in this context, I'm talking about coordinating the offers in the single funnel, okay? Right?

In, in this context. Let's just keep it real simple for a second and just say, right, poor offer bump offer, upsell one, upsell two, right? Got it. In the last, a couple months ago, I think it was, like I said, in early June, we talked about, right? What we talked about was, and I'm gonna show you kind of the, the, an example again, which is the example that I used in that, um, in the training a couple months ago that we did, what I, what I talked about was the idea of the idea of using all of the funnel offers together in combination to produce one outcome, like to produce the ultimate result for a, um, for a buyer, for a customer, for a client designing the funnel in a way the funnel offers in a way where they are coordinated, where they are.

Um, they're, you could almost say, you could almost say they have the feel of one seamless system for producing the main result that the prospect wants, where each offer in and of itself produces a desired result. But collectively, all the offers in the funnel produce a result, like produce the main result, the outcome that they want. And so that's ultimately what I'm talking about. So I, I just wanna clarify something here. So there are two things that we're ultimately talking about right now at the same time, and I wanna be careful of this.

So the first thing that we are talking about is we're talking about making sure, look, making sure in plain language, making sure that the numbers add up the numbers of your offer, your economics, right? And John, I'd love for you to chime in on this being that you got a special project in the works that's close to being released, uh, that is really touches on this in a, in a tremendous way, that ultimately, right, the numbers have to make sense. The economics of the campaign have to make sense, meaning that, right? Like, you have to be able to look at this campaign and say, with even reasonable performance on, on the, um, on the core offer, on the bump, on upsell one, on upsell two, let's just say that even with reasonable performance, right? That the a OV is going to be high enough to offset the CPA.

What you don't wanna see is you don't want to, uh, willy-nilly engineer a a a funnel in this context, right? Picking a bump, picking upsell one, and just throw prices at it like, you know, uh, uh, you know, because you, you haven't strategically engineered it. And then in the end, you've got this thing where there's no way that economically this is going to work, like economically, it's just not going to be able to work. Let me give you a simple example, an extreme example real quick. I said, uh, earlier that right?

There was a time and a place Teddy remembers this, where we were paying, you know, 40 cents a click, 20 cents a click, like crazy ridiculous numbers, um, and low numbers. And you could sell a single ebook and sell, you know, thousands of copies of that ebook and do it at a profit. Well, you can't do that anymore, right? Like, you can't do that, like, right? Like, there, there could be some weird anomaly out there, right?

But 99% of marketers cannot do that anymore. Why not? Why not? Why can't you have a funnel? Why?

'cause the cost Of traffic, it's just way higher now, Right? Meaning, meaning that, right? If you're paying, let's say $4 a click, and you're selling a $10 ebook, let's just say to keep things extreme, right? There's no way that that's gonna work. You're gonna pay $400 to get a hundred visitors, right?

Like, and you're selling a $10 product, you're gonna have to sell 40 of those 100 people, right? You're gonna have to have a 40% sales conversion rate on that thing, right? It ain't happening. It's not gonna happen, right? Like, it's not gonna happen.

And so what that means, what a lot of marketers and entrepreneurs do or think is that better copy will fix that better. Ad creative will fix that, better targeting will fix that, or more ads will fix that. Or going to a different platform like going from Facebook to YouTube will fix that. Or they think changing it from a VSL to a long form sales letter will fix that. None of those things will, would fix that.

And that's because there's an economic issue. There's not a media issue and there's not a marketing issue. There's an economic issue. And until the economic issue is fixed, that funnel will never be scalable. That funnel will never work in terms of getting even remotely close to break even if you're paying $4 a click and selling a $10 product.

And so that's an economic issue, right? That will not, I don't care who you hire to write the copy, I don't care what you do, right? Until you fix the economics, right? You will not fix that campaign, period. And so what we're talking about first is we're talking about starting, right?

Beginning with engineering, the campaign with that understanding that the economics need to be there to give you the greatest shot of having a scalable campaign. And while you, you can't always tell, and John, you could chime in if you've got a little bit of a different perspective on this, while you can't always tell if you have a, a, you can't always quantify, like if you've got the perfect numbers to scale, you can certainly quantify if your numbers are way off the mark and there's no shot of you scaling, right? So you can certainly run the math and see if you're way off the mark, right? It's, it's, it's a lot harder to quantify whether you've got scalable numbers. 'cause we don't know how things perform until we actually test them.

But we, we can know through math if we're way off the mark in advance. So it's almost like one of the very first things that we need to do is we need to make sure that we're not starting off way off the mark on our economics. We need to start off where, right? Even with subpar performance numbers, the, these things make, you know, make sense. Now we need to test it to see if we can even hit those subpar numbers.

Does that make sense? Michael? You sure you am. I, you know, I know that John, is there an easier way or a more simplified way to share what it is that I just shared? I kind of feel like I'm taking something that is really, really kind of straightforward.

'cause it's math and I'm making it sound like chemistry. No, I think you, I think you hit it pretty much bang on. I mean, it's like, like you said, the reality is with the cost of traffic where it is today, um, unless you have a funnel that's maxed out from an a RV point of view and from a value point of view, or you're willing to go, he heavily negative because, you know, you can make it up in the back end with a sales team or whatever the case it is like the, the reality is that you'll struggle. Yeah. And that's why I said here, like, look, I didn't say, you know, I said, look, I ideally, whether you choose to go negative on the front end with acquisition or not, right?

Whether you choose to go negative or not, our aim on the front end is still always right. It's maximum customer acquisition where we offset our, our acquisition costs on day zero as much as possible. It doesn't mean that we're not willing to go negative, right? We could still be, but I still wanna offset, I still wanna recoup as much of our ad spend on day zero as possible. It doesn't mean that I'm not willing to go negative at all.

It just means, right, that I wanna recoup as much of our ad spend as possible on, on day zero. So the first thing that we're talking about is just the economics of the campaign and making sure that you're strategically engineering the entire, the entire system, the entire campaign. Not just the offer, not just the core offer, right? But the entire campaign, uh, so that the economics can play out. The second thing that we touched on, which I wasn't really planning on, touching on, on this call, 'cause we kind of touched on it on the last training, was the idea of, well, how, you know, what is one of the most effective ways to really look at the transaction maximization offers, like the bump offer or upsell one, upsell two, to produce high conversion rates on those so that you're getting the right level of a OV contribution from those.

And that is to look at the funnel and all the offers in there as collectively producing one big gigantic outcome, the ultimate outcome. So you make it hard for the prospect to say no to the offers, right? And let me let, let, let me show you this, right? And so, and Michael, if you've got any questions or anybody questions or anything to add, please just jump in. So design, coordinate all the, all the funnel offers, right?

Uh, uh, in advance, right? So this is what we looked at last time. We said, right, that ultimately, let's say we had a core product, and the core product was how to set up a website. And ironically, this came from a client. So I had a client who years ago flew into, um, west Palm for the day.

Uh, he was at many of our boot camps, and he was ultimately teaching people how to set up a website and do it with WordPress. So this is years ago. And so, right? So look, the core product is how to set up a website. The bump offer, right?

We came to was how to get traffic to the website. You'll notice that, right? Like ultimately, right? Somebody just, somebody doesn't just want, from a business perspective, if they're setting up a website, 'cause they, they wanna sell, they wanna make money, they like, merely having a website set up is not the ultimate goal. It is a step towards the goal, right?

But part of that process of having a moneymaking website is that they need to have a website and then they need to get traffic to the website and the upsell, right? How to turn those traffic into leads, how to generate leads, prospective buyers, right? From your web traffic, upsell one, upsell two, how to convert leads into sales, right? An entire system for converting leads into sales. Ultimately, if you look at this entire campaign, right?

And before I even get there, the thing that I want you to understand is each one of these things which we talked about on the last training, each one of these pieces produces and fulfills on the promise and addresses a specific problem and step in the process. So, right? One of the mistakes that, and I've made this mistake, one of the mistakes is thinking that you've gotta, that you can only sell, right? A, an entire complete A to Z thing. Everything they need to reach the ultimate outcome, right?

And we talked about, uh, we talked about today, the value of identifying specific problems, narrow problems with specific and narrow solutions and selling them. We talked about the value of that today, right? Like right there are, you know, very specific, uh, um, problems with very specific and targeted solutions. If you look at this entire funnel, this is one seamless kind of system that can produce how to have your own money making website generating sales for you every day, right? Like this entire thing here.

So when somebody's got a, when somebody just purchased how to get a website, right? It makes it that much harder to say no to how to get traffic because they already know they need that traffic. They already know that that's part of the process that they need. That if they don't know how to get traffic and don't get traffic, they're not gonna have a money making website. Of course, they know that once they're getting traffic, they need to know how do I capture that traffic?

How do I turn those people into leads? How do I have the ability to follow up with them, right? What do I say, what do I do? And then of course, once I've got leads and my email list is building and growing and I've got prospective buyers, right? Part of the whole process that I need if I wanna have a moneymaking website is how to turn those prospects, how to turn those people into sales.

And so that's just one, one example. Go ahead, Teddy. I was just gonna say, the, the other thing to, to notice here, and this is a, a perfect example of this. We did this obviously with the, uh, the quiz thing that we did, but like, each one of those also could potentially be a front end with the offers just mixed and matched around, right? Like, because you could start at a higher level of awareness of how to convert leads into sales and still offer them how to build a website that generates, you know, high quality leads.

How to, how to get the right. So, you know, like, so you just mix and match all those fun elements. You, you certainly, you could, right? I I think you cer you absolutely could. And I, I, I love that.

Look, I think that there's the opportunity, like look, you could sell the how to set up a website as a front end and then have, you know, these guys as follow. You could sell how to get traffic to a website and then sell upsell one and upsell two. You could sell how to turn traffic into leads and then sell upsell too. And so you absolutely have a lot of different opportunities to, um, to go in and slice and dice, right? The the point in, in this, really what we're, what we're looking at here is just the how to have a seamless system, a funnel with the offers that are coordinated that make it hard to say no to these offers because the prospect, the, the buyer already knows they need these things to produce the result.

Now, to go back to the original kind of, uh, um, idea being presented when I talked about tactically is design, coordinate all the funnels, offers pricing in advance, right? Like, so like, look, I'm, one of the things that today I think about is, is, um, and then I'm gonna show you guys something at the end of this. Unfortunately, I'm gonna pause the video or stop the video 'cause I don't wanna make this public yet. Um, but I'm gonna show you something. I'm gonna show you, I'm gonna show you something in the works using this methodology.

And so, and then everybody else will see it at some point in the, in the near future. But I wanna go back to the pricing because this is ultimately what we're talking about here. We're talking about, and these are just examples just so that you can see, right? We're talking about, let's say the, the core offer is $29. We are like, look, we make the bump offer 49, uh, upsell 1, 1 97, upsell 2 3 97.

Well, one of the things that I do, that I tend to do is I like to use low conversion numbers when doing any kind of forecasts. I don't like to use high numbers. In fact, I'll tell you that often I use lower numbers than this. What's what's listed right here when it comes to conversion rates on, uh, when it comes to conversion rates on the offers in a campaign, and see what the potential a OV is because, right? I'd much rather go into a campaign or launch a campaign where if these offers produce subpar numbers, conversion numbers, right?

But yet, uh, the a OV, the projected or possible a OV is still a high number. I feel great about that. What I don't wanna do is use extreme marketing performance numbers when doing forecasts. Like, hey man, if the bump off for 50% upsell number one, you know, 40%, I don't wanna use those kind of numbers because I'm setting myself up for failure. Instead, I wanna use subpar performance numbers, lower numbers than typical right?

Underperforming industry average and see where the, um, see where the a OV falls, because if the a OV falls in a reasonable range and a reasonable number, a reasonable number, I know we're in great shape, A reasonable number, by the way, just as a side note is obviously different for every marketplace. John can can tell you that, um, when I asked John on one podcast episode, like, what's the a OV that people were shoot should shoot for, right? You can't answer that because it's different in different industries based on media costs, um, and so on. But over here, right? Just to show the way that I look at this, right?

The way that I, I run these kind of very loose numbers is, right, so when it comes to a OV, we know that a hundred percent are gonna take advantage of the core offer, right? That's like there is no buyer unless they take advantage of the core offer. So that's $29. Uh, the, the, the core offer always has a hundred percent contribution to a OV, right? That's 29 40 $9, uh, um, bump offer, if it had a 30% conversion rate, it's 15 bucks.

I rounded, I rounded up or down on these numbers, right? A 1 97 upsell one. If it had a 20% take rate, that's $39 and upsell 2 3 97. If it had a 10% take rate, that's $40, that's produces $123, uh, um, a OV. And this is another example of doing the same exact thing just with different pricing and different performance levels.

Now look, this, so that I'm crystal clear on this, right? A lot of this is speculation because I don't know what the numbers are actually gonna be, that we need data for that, we're gonna run data. But when I am doing my forecasting, when I'm looking at pricing, what does the bump offer need to be, right? And like, based on the core offer pricing that I want to go with, what's the bump offer, right? Gonna be, what's the range, right?

What, what can upsell one be? What's the range? What can upsell two be, right? Because I might have to play around with these, right? Based on the marketplace that we're in, I might have to play around with the pricing in order to get to where we need to be, where the A OV is at a high enough M number, even with subpar performance metrics.

So over here, right? This is 69 instead of 49, and I said, well, what happens if it goes from a 30%, um, take rate to 25%, well, that produces $17. Uh, a OV contribution, 3 97 over here, instead of 1 97, let's say it goes from 20% to 15%, that's $60 a OV contribution, 3 97 at 10%, uh, to 5 97, cut in half down to 5%, that's $30. This is $136. Um, you know, um, a OV over here.

And this is just the kind of process that I go through when, when looking at this certain red flags for me, right? Like look in the online marketing funnel building space, right? If I end up with an A OV that is $60, let's just say to pick an extreme number, I know we're gonna have a problem. Like I know that we're going into it likely at a deficit. And so I'm going to again, be playing around with this, right?

In order to find what is I believe a reasonable starting point with a OV. And sometimes, right? I might have planned on or thought in my head, I'm gonna have a $97 upsell, and then it turns out I need to have a $249 upsell. And what I was thinking of selling at upsell number one is not gonna be worth 2 49, therefore I have to come up with something different or I have to add to it, or I have to increase the value of it so that this can work. And so, in other words, right, I'm not, it's almost like I need to make sure that the numbers work, the economics there.

I'm starting from a good point where I'm not assuming EEE extremely high marketing performance numbers, the economics are sound, right? That's all I'm saying. I'm not saying they work, they're sound, and then I'm gonna go from there. And so what questions, what additions? What, what do you guys got, if anything?

Nothing. Uh, yeah, pretty straightforward, Todd. Okay? And so there it is, right? That, like, this is one of those things that I, I don't think enough enough people talk about making sure that the economics are sound right.

Like, because again, you know, yes, I'm not saying that big ideas aren't critical or unique mechanisms or marketing arguments or marketing messages. None. I'm not, this has nothing to do with that. But you, you've gotta recognize, and John is really kind of pioneering, um, this, in that, right? There are three legs that we have to consider, right?

We've gotta consider, you know, media marketing and economics. You have to make sure that you're addressing the media, the marketing and the economics. Because sometimes an issue with a campaign is on the media side, right? And that, that meaning that, right? The, the costs are too high, they're too high because maybe we're targeting the wrong people.

It could be that we're running the wrong type of ad. It could be that we've got the wrong type of pixel set up. It could be that our creative is just off the mark. Then there are times when the issue is not on the media side. The issue is on the marketing performance side.

And we can see that when we're doing our tracking, we can see if we, if we're running to a lead gen page and we've got a 5%, you know, opt-in rate, let's say as an example, well, we know, right? That a 5% opt-in rate is crushing the entire performance of the, of the campaign. But then there are times when the media is performing at the right level, right? And the marketing is performing at an optimal level. And the issue is on the economic side.

And the big mistake that a lot of people make is trying to fix an economic issue through better media or better marketing, when often, right, economic issues can't be fixed in the media section, in the, in the media, on the media leg, the marketing leg, it's gotta be fixed within the economics of the campaign. Make sense? All right, so hang tight. We're going to, I'm gonna stop this bad boy. I'm gonna stop the recording real quick and boom.
