---
title: "cc_2024-07-02"
date: 2024-07-02
duration: 46m
duration_seconds: 2815
vimeo_id: 974396812
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2024-07-02

**Date:** 2024-07-02 | **Duration:** 46m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right. So, um, this week I wanna do something kind of cool. I wanna go a little old school again, and I wanna dive into some copy, specifically some copy that I wrote. Uh, and I wanna walk you, um, I wanna walk you through this now. I wanna show you something.

First, I wanna show you a, a comment that came in about this piece of copy, just the, uh, just the other day to kind of highlight what, what I did here with this piece of copy. Then I'll explain what this is, and then we'll dive in and we'll go through, um, some of the key points of this copy. So let me go ahead and share this, so hopefully you can, you can see this. Mm-Hmm. Lemme just see this real quick.

Lemme stop this for one second. Okay. Oops. Sorry about that. Um, there we go.

Okay, so you can see this. And so, um, this was kind of funny to see. It says, lemme give a shout out to Todd Brown. Uh, said Todd sent out a promo for a workshop from another e fiver. The way that he positioned this offer was absolutely amazing.

I watched the video and was thinking, dang, this is exactly what it is that I'm looking for right now. I ordered immediately, and then I realized I already bought this same product a year ago. Um, now, uh, I might be mistaken, but I do not remember this product being positioned this way when I bought it before. This was another one of those aha moments for me that positioning hit the nail on the head at this moment in time. Well done, um, Todd.

And so, right, I, I share that first before we go into this copy, to really highlight the fact that there are so many different ways that you can position and frame something. There are so many different hooks. There are so many different angles. There's so many different approaches that you can take to present the same thing, right? And this is why we often will relea a campaign.

This is why many companies like Agora can run the same offer for years, just coming up with different ideas, different hooks, different angles, um, even taking 80% of the copy and, and rereading it, um, and whatnot. And so, what I wanna show you is the copy for the promotion that, um, that I did, that we did for, um, Joel iWay. And so, Joel iWay, he has, uh, his power offer. Uh, and we're not gonna go into the details of, 'cause it's really irrelevant of how Joel positions the power offer, um, to the marketplace. But Joel gave a presentation at top one.

Uh, and immediately I saw something in his presentation that made me say, this is the way that this thing can be presented. This is a great hook. This is a great angle, just the metaphor that he used to articulate what his power offer does. I said, that's really, really compelling. And so immediately I said, I, I know exactly how I would promote this, um, and how I would frame this and present this.

And so, uh, I ended up saying to Joel, like, I'll, you know, like, let me do this. I just wanna run with it. I'll create the VSL, I'll write the copy, blah, blah, blah. And then, uh, you know, I'll promote this bad boy for you. Of course.

Um, he agreed. And, uh, and we rolled this out, uh, a number of times, uh, since, and we just rolled it out again, um, to the list. And I believe the, the accurate number, uh, in terms of the EPC is somewhere around $7. It's earning $7 per unique click. And so per it's right around $7, ClickFunnel shows four something, $4 and 20 cents EPC, but that's not based on unique visitors.

That's based on total visits to the page. Like I said, it's closer to, um, to $7. And so I wanna go through some of this copy to just highlight what it is that, um, that i, I did here. What you're gonna see at the top of this document over here is you're gonna see, um, I took some notes from Joel's presentation. So just like I tell you guys to do, just like I teach our, our clients and students, the very first thing that I did when I wanted to write the copy was I went back and I rewatched Joel's presentation a number of different times.

And I took some notes on, uh, on a couple of things, uh, over here. And so that's what you're seeing at the top. This is just, these are just some of my notes, uh, on what Joel said that I thought was, um, really powerful, right? Things like get the ball as close to the hole as possible, right? Joel, you know, you remember this presentation, I think Teddy, um, when Joel was talking about, right?

Like, you know, if you were playing golf, you know, is it easier to get the ball in the hole if you were, you know, if you're starting, you know, from the tee, you know, like starting where everybody else is starting, if you're on the fairway, or if you're, you know, on the green, or if you're right next to the hole, what's the easiest? Right? And so Joel then went into this idea of, you know, you're closest to the whole customer, right? So you're closest to the whole customer. Um, and so, um, so immediately what I started to do, and I'm just kind of showing you this kind of, I'm showing you this stuff before we get to the copy, just so that you can see kind of some of the things that were kind of mulling over in my head before we got to the copy that I'm about to, um, show you.

So, the benefits of Joel's method, it reduces the cost to acquire a customer, brings high the highest qualified visitors, uh, to your offer. Weeds out the tire kickers and the freebie seekers from clicking on ads, increases your sales conversion rate, turns prospects into buyers much quicker, doesn't require extensive copy skills to generate buyers with This approach. Eliminates the need for long, complex funnels, eliminates the need for dialed copy, and an extensive marketing argument. Pretty decent list of benefits. If you really, if you really look at this, right?

You don't need great copy. You don't need a, a super whizzbang campaign. You don't need this long, complex, um, funnel, um, right? That it reduces your cost to acquire a buyer. It brings you the best quality visitors that you can get.

Weeds out all the freebie seekers, right? A better sales conversion rate. It works quickly, right? And so, all these things are the reality. This was the truth.

This wasn't me putting together some list of benefits that I thought the market would, would value. This is the, the benefits of Joel's power offer method, or as Joel was saying, you know, focusing on your closest to the whole, um, customer. And so then I started coming up with these just random, uh, you know, um, hook ideas, uh, over here and just playing around with this. Um, and what I started to see, um, was this, uh, and you're gonna see this in the copy, and then we're gonna get into it how AI has added, uh, you know, a hot new stage of low hanging fruit to the Eugene Schwartz level. You can see where I, I started on totally something that only I would understand, uh, or very few people would understand, um, why the AI era has now added a new untapped, you know, stage of hot buyers, why the AI era has now added a new, uh, this was incomplete even, um, over here.

And so what I identified, and this is an important point going into this, okay, this is an important point that I want you to get, that we don't, that we don't talk about often enough, and that is this, what I identified was a catalyst that makes this solution that much more valuable and effective right now. So a catalyst, what I would say is something that either recently occurred, something that is occurring right now, or something that is about to occur that makes the solution that we are offering not only that much more valuable, but it makes now the perfect time to use that solution. So a catalyst is something that has recently happened, has, is happening right now, or is about to happen that makes the solution the thing that we are ultimately offering that much more valuable because it makes now the perfect opportunity to use it. So something has occurred that's created this opportunity right now to benefit, right? Something that, and that, that's important.

You see that often, you see this often used in the financial publishing arena. And I think that it's one of those things that it's, it's one of the, the beauties or the blessings of the financial publishing arena that they have so many catalysts that they can use, and it makes the campaign that much more powerful, right? It's not just like, it's not just something that delivers a benefit and whether, you know, whether you used it a month ago or you used it a month from now, you're gonna reap the same rewards. It's a very kind of time sensitive, urgent right now is the perfect opportunity because of this catalyst. And so you'll see that what I did was, um, what I did was I built into the campaign this explanation of a very brief explanation, but because of the use of AI right now, there is now this new untapped market or this market that very few people, um, go after this, this segment of the audience that very few people go after.

The segment of the audience being what Joel called your closest to the whole customer. And so, right? So I'm leveraging a catalyst. And so you're gonna see that un unpacked here. And so, before I go on, does that make sense?

Yeah, a hundred percent. Okay. So I wanna go over, uh, I'm not gonna go crazy line by line through this whole thing, but there are some key things that I wanna point out. Number one, one of the very first things that I wanna, I wanna point out in the copy here. So you're gonna see in the, um, in the lead, you're gonna see, uh, that all I'm doing in the lead is what we always talk about, which is I'm getting them excited.

I'm teasing the benefit. I'm teasing the kind of the, the, the opportunity that they're about to, um, that they're about to be exposed to. So I say, right, I, and I come out guns a blazing in my two decade marketing career. I've never once uttered the phrase when talking about any marketing or strategy, uh, marketing strategy or tech guarantee to bring you sales and new buyers. But what I saw at a private mastermind gathering just a couple of weeks ago is the closest thing I've come across to a marketing method, really a simple marketing system, which guarantees that you're able to consistently generate profitable new buyer sales in almost any, in any marketplace.

I know that sounds absurd, guaranteed to work to bring in new buyers, but it's true. And the results from this method is you're about to see are staggering in. Yes, I'm gonna detail the whole approach for you in this video tutorial. So, a couple of things that I wanna, I wanna point out right up front, number one, and I almost gave a, uh, I almost gave a whole presentation, um, on this today, uh, instead of this, but is the one unique characteristic that our big, that our big buzz campaigns have in common, these campaigns is narrative. There's an underlying story, right?

I don't mean the hero's journey. I don't mean like, right? I don't mean, um, that kind of story. I mean, there's a narrative and so over here, right? What, what I saw at a private mastermind gathering a couple weeks ago, and then I go on to really just explain, right?

That, you know, Joel got up and shared this. I even show a clip of this in here. So there's a, um, a narrative, right? And I'm building up the value of what was shared, talking about, it's at a private mastermind gathering. I highlight over here, uh, marketing method, a simple marketing system, um, blah, blah, blah, blah.

I address the skepticism or doubt of the big claim that I just made. I know that sounds absurd, uh, the results from this method that you're about to see. So I'm teasing the fact that I'm gonna show you the results. I'm gonna show you the proof, the evidence of why I say that this thing, um, the, the, uh, is producing staggering results. And then I tell them, I'm gonna detail the whole approach for you in this video tutorial, okay?

Uh, in a nutshell, the method you're about to see generates new buyer sales for you by targeting and converting an almost completely untapped new segment of ready to buy prospects in your marketplace. This is kind of, if you really kind of, um, if you really boil down the theme, the hook, the, the kind of the angle of this, the premise, the, the exciting, uh, you know, log line, if you will, behind this VSL, it's this, that, the me, right? That there's the method you're about. It generates new buyer sales for you by targeting and converting an almost completely untapped new segment of ready to buy prospects in your marketplace. If you look at the copy that I used, uh, the headline, right?

Uh, closest thing I've seen in two decades to a marketing method, guaranteed to bring you new sales, um, and buyers right now, watch and see how this brings you new clients or customers at a profit from a growing hot new segment of ready to buy prospects now in your marketplace. That's the gist right here, right up, right? Like, and said, you know, and, and, and, and said slightly differently, right? Than like, you know, said slightly differently than I, than the way I did there. Uh, yes.

A new segment of prospects for you that are eager to buy your offer today, a segment that has only recently exploded in size over the past several months. This is an allusion to the catalyst, an allusion to the catalyst, right? A segment that has, right, this is now a new opportunity due to something that has occurred in the marketplace. How do I know this new segment of buyers exists for you in your marketplace and is ready to buy your product and or ServiceNow without me knowing your exact offer? What am I doing here?

I'm addressing a potential objection. Like, how can you say that, Todd, how you don't even know what I sell or who I sell it to, or what market I'm in, or anything like that. How could you say that, um, that there's a new segment of prospects that you have that are ready to buy your offer, one that's exploded in, in size. Well, I'll also explain that in just a minute, right? So open loop, it's due to the growing volume of sales funnels being published and the use of chat PT by lots of new marketers and entrepreneurs.

I'll show you why this new buyer segment exists for you in a couple minutes. So, right? Giving a little taste of the catalyst, right? Showing them that there is something, right? And I said it in a way that they can agree with, right?

That there's a growing volume of sales funnels, and there's the growing use of chat GPT by lots of marketers and entrepreneurs. So right now, the, the only question is how has this growth in the volume of sales funnels and the growth in the use of chat PT created this new segment, but this is me alluding to the catalyst. Does that make sense? Uh, needless to say, prepare yourself, because the marketing method and audience targeting that you're about to learn is wildly different than what you've likely been doing. But in a minute, again, that, you know, kind of open loop teasing what's coming.

When you hear all about this method and how it works and see the examples, you'll understand why it works so freaking well to consistently generate, um, profitable new buyer sales me hammering home the core promise of this, right? The core, the, the, the, the core, the core promise. Then what do I do? Look, uh, now look, it's not all positive. There is one negative aspect of this method, which I'll explain in a minute.

It's a tiny negative though, in comparison to how quickly and easily this system brings in new buyer sales for you. This is, what am I doing here? What do you think I'm doing here? Right? It's not all positive.

There is one negative. Uh, it's a tiny negative though, in comparison to how quickly and easily this system brings in new buyer sales for you. What do you think I'm doing here to toning it down with a damaging admission? Yeah, I'm toning it down and I'm alluding to a damaging admission, right? Like, I'm not, I'm not saying this thing is perfect, it's flawless.

It's, it's beautiful. It's right for everybody. Like, I'm making a confession. There is a negative, and I'm gonna tell you about this negative. Now, look, just before I do, it's a tiny negative though in comparison to how quickly and easily this system brings in new buyer sales for you.

It also allowed me to embed this, um, presupposition, right? I'm presupposing that it, it, that this thing, um, quickly and easily brings new buyer sales for you, right? So I'm making this, I'm alluding to a damaging admission, but I'm also right at the same time I'm planting in there. This, you know, I'm, I'm presupposing that it quickly and easily brings you, um, in, um, new buyer, um, new buyer sales. I wish I could say I discovered or created this approach.

Another little way of me framing, like, of me admitting something that's not, um, that's not a positive for me, right? Like, I didn't create this. I wish I could take credit for this. Like, I wish that I, I was the hero of this. Um, you know, but I can't, right?

So I, look, it's not all positive. There is one ne there is one negative man, and I can't even take credit for this thing, right? And so a disarming kind of, um, softening, not trying to prop, prop it up, being like, you know, um, I figured this out while somebody else was giving a presentation at, at the, at the mastermind. I didn't say that. I'll introduce you to the marketer responsible for the customer generation approach in just a second.

Um, in fact, I'm gonna show you a private video clip as part of this tutorial of this marketer revealing this method at a private mastermind gathering in Orlando, Florida. And once you see his face, you'll likely recognize him right away. He's the man behind some of the biggest marketing successes online like Alex Ozzy's, early big win, for example. And so you'll notice also just in here that there are a lot of open loops if we go back, uh, even just up here. Uh, I'll also explain that in just a minute, how I know that you, you have this in here.

Um, I'll show you why this new buyer segment exists, right? In a couple minutes, right? So, teasing what's coming in a minute, when you hear all about this method and how it works, and see the examples, another right? Like opening this, uh, uh, opening this loop. Um, there is one negative that I'll explain in a minute, still forwarding right?

Going, going forward, uh, blah, blah, blah. I'll introduce you to the marketer in just a second, right? Uh, when you see his face over here, once you see his face, right, you're gonna, you're gonna recognize him. So curiosity, right? Like as well as, you know, this little bit right here is just credentializing or giving, giving Joel credibility, right?

In the right, in this instant. Like, this is not just some schmo, this is a dude behind some of the biggest wins, right? Um, like recognized, you know, one of the most recognizable names right now in the, um, in, in the space. And so right now I'm leaving all of this dangling, like all of this stuff dangling, and then I go, now look, this marketing method that you're about to see is perfect for you if you fall into one of these two categories. So I left that dangling.

Like, I don't immediately go on to close that, right? I've set these kind of hooks, I've opened these loops, I've told them about what they're about to see. I've built up curiosity, I've built up excitement, right? I've built up credibility for this individual. Even the whole idea of, uh, I'm gonna show you a private video, um, of this marketer revealing this method, right?

Is I'm giving you access to something you wouldn't ordinarily have access to. And by, by doing this and including this, I'm saying, I'm gonna let you see it, I'm gonna let you hear what I heard. I'm gonna let you see him present what it is that I heard, um, for yourself over here. Uh, Just, just a quick question on that. Like, in terms of going back to your, like your writing process and stuff like that.

Like, do you start with all the, you know, you start with the entire argument that you're gonna make and then go back to the beginning and open all the loops? Or do you naturally open all the loops? You already know which loops you're gonna open and how and where gonna close 'em? Um, so No. So a little bit of that, I, I, I would say that to answer that question, the majority of that Teddy is a little bit intuitive for me today.

And so I don't decide in advance, like, what are the loops that I'm going to, um, what are the loops that I'm gonna open? I I don't decide that in, um, in advance. Um, and so sometimes I don't know what loops or how many loops I'm gonna open. So there's no, you know, for me, there's no rhyme or reason in terms of the exact number of open loops that I wanna create. This one happens to have more than what I typically would have, just kind of seeing it here.

Um, so no, you know, so no, there's really no rhyme or reason for me at the, at the very beginning. I just, there are some times when I want to touch on something 'cause I feel like it needs to be touched on, or I like, it needs to be touched on early. 'cause it's exciting, but I don't wanna get into it right then and there because the lead is not the time or the place to do that. So therefore, I'm gonna touch on it and therefore I'm gonna create an open loop. 'cause I really have no choice 'cause I'm not gonna get into it, um, right there.

And so, uh, sometimes the, these open loops happen just as a natural byproduct of me wanting to touch on something but not fully unpack it there. And therefore, just by the nature of touching on it and not unpacking it, you naturally create an open loop that you're gonna come back to, um, later on. Um, right now, look, this marketing method you're about to see is perfect for you if you fall into one of the, uh, one, one of two categories. However, if you don't fall into one of two, these two categories, this method is not for you. And you could stop watching this tutorial.

So another kind of, to me that's also like, I like that because right? It's not me saying like, no matter what business you're in, this is perfect for you because it's what they would expect you to say, right? So, like, by me, you know, I've already, I've already said, you know, like, um, I've already said over here, there's a negative to this thing, and I'll tell you about it, small negative, but, you know, I want you to be aware of it. I've already said, man, I wish I could take credit for this thing, right? I, I, I, I can't.

And I've also said like, this is perfect for you if you fall into one or two categories, but if you don't fall into these two categories, this is not for you. Right? And so it would appear that I'm not trying to hide anything, right? Which I'm not, but it would appear, right? Like that.

I'm not trying to, to, to sweep anything under the carpet. I'm not trying to ignore something or pretend that, right? It, it applies to everybody. I'm being upfront that this might not, um, apply to you. Um, and so category number one, you've previously attempted to use a traditional funnel and paid ads to generate new buyer sales without much luck.

Meaning you're, you're currently not able to, to consistently generate new buyer sales for your business at a profit with things like Facebook ads, YouTube ads, um, at a profit being the key. If this describes you, the method that you're about to learn is a no-brainer for you, because this gives you the easiest, most surefire way I've seen to start getting profitable new buyer sales from paid advertising within the next couple of days, right? Once again, what you'll see is notice that I'm giving what the first category and what am I doing? I'm again, re retying this back to the core promise, right? So I could have very easily said, if this describes you, the method you're about to learn is a no brainer for you.

Category two, you're about right. But instead, right, I chose to again, right? This is perfect for you. Why? Because what this does is blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah again.

So me getting that out again, category two, you're already acquiring new buyers consistently and would benefit from another easy, fast way to generate even more new buyers into your business. If this describes you. Again, this method is a no brainer for you because you can plug this little campaign, another benefit, because you can plug this campaign into your, into your current business, and like one afternoon as an, as an addition, as an addition to your existing marketing, and you'll get more new buyers without question. Now, if you really look at this teddy, right? Who doesn't fall under this, right?

Like, right, like, who doesn't fall under this, right? Like, either you're struggling and you're not able to get buyers, or you're already getting buyers, but you'd like a, you know, another easy, fast way to generate even more buyers. Well, who wouldn't, right? So everybody falls under one of these two, um, categories. And then I say like, all right, um, let's get to it.

Uh, now I'm gonna, what I'm gonna do is, the first thing that I'm gonna do is reveal Joel. And so first, who's the marketer behind this current, uh, this customer generation method? Let me quickly answer that for you, then let me play a few minute video clip for you of him using a simple analogy to explain how and why this unique marketing method works. Then we'll unpack the details, okay? Alright, so his name is Joel.

Now what I did here, and this is important. So first, who's the marketer behind this customer generation method, right? Let me quickly answer that for you, then play a few minute video clip. I felt this was important to put in here because I know that that is an intriguing part of the, the VSL, meaning that if all I did was say, well, who's the guy behind this? And go into this, his name is Joel iWay, and he, you could get bored, right?

You, you could get bored. And so I wanted to say, right? Let me quickly just answer that for you and then just play a video clip for you, right? The video clip that I referred to two other times already before this in the VSL, in the VSL script, right? Let me just play a video clip for you showing, you know, why this unique method, um, works.

You, uh, his name is Joel iWay. You likely know him as the guy who first pioneered the, uh, the selling of high tickets with webinars. You'll also notice this, right? You likely know him. Now, if they don't know him, by me saying you likely know him, what is, what is that doing?

What do you think from a psychological perspective that's, that's doing, right? If I just said, so his name's Joel iWay. He's the guy who first pioneered the selling of high ticket offers. What's the difference between me saying his name is Joel iWay? You likely know him as the guy who first pioneered the selling of versus me just saying.

So his name is Joel iWay. He's the guy who first pioneered the selling of high ticket offers with webinars. What's the difference? You think You're, you're setting the, you're casting potentially doubt that, that even if they don't recognize his name, that oh yeah, maybe I probably have heard of him, or, you know, some something along the, or that I should know him. Right?

There it is. There it is, right? That, well, even if they don't know him, what they're thinking to themselves is, well, it sounds like others know him and I should know him. Mm-Hmm. Right?

It's different from me saying, so what I'm implying here, right, really is that he's known, right? That like he's known. So even for the people that have never heard of Joel iWay, what they're saying to themselves is, I probably should have heard of Joel iWay, right? And that's on me. If I don't like, that's on me, because he is obviously right?

If Todd's saying, I likely know him well, and, and I don't, that's on me. So the market already recognizes him as, um, as this guy. And then I give a, a little bit more, um, you know, credibility behind him. Russell Brunson, Alex, her Moey, I talk about top one, uh, Joel. He's repeatedly won the most valuable marketer.

Then I go back to the narrative at our most recent top one gathering just a handful of weeks ago, Joel did it again. This time, he shared his unique, this unique marketing approach, which he, he refers to as the most profitable way he's found to acquire new buyers in any marketplace. Right? What am I doing? I'm restating like, again, driving home this point, right?

Just driving home this point, continuing to drive home this point, never losing attachment for too long to the core promise, the core kind of the, the core benefit, if you will, uh, by targeting, by targeting a big and growing new segment of buyers and using some unique messaging and a simple Facebook ad and landing page. So this is me now starting to unpack what it is a little bit more, but doing it in a way where, right, like some unique messaging and a simple Facebook ad and landing page. That's it. This right here, by targeting a big and growing new segment of buyers is still the most compelling part. I'm just tying it to, you know, some unique messaging and a simple Facebook ad and landing page.

That's it. Here. Watch this video clip to see Joel using an analogy to explain the basics of how this new customer generation approach works. And then I'll be back after this short clip to give you more details. And then I play the clip for I think a few minutes of, um, of Joel going through, going through the, the, the golf analogy, talking about how, what most people do as they're starting, you know, from a, the tee shot and how it's much harder and therefore they need more, they need to establish more beliefs one at a time over here to get them here, to get them here, right?

When, like, right when what he's doing is just, he's, he's, he's ignoring all of these people and he's just going for the people that are right here. He's putting the, he's, he's targeting the ball, he's playing golf, and he's targeting the ball that is closest to the, um, to the hole. And I love, he says something in there, uh, he says this, the odds of hitting the ball from the tee with the driver into the hole are slim to none. 99% of golfers never get a hole in one yet. This is the type of marketing that most are doing in who they're targeting.

Now imagine if your ball was starting on the green, just feet away from the hole. Do you think that this increases your odds of getting the ball in? Does this make it easier to get the ball in? Does this make it easier to get the ball in with a couple of strokes? Yes, to both of those?

How much better do you think you'd do at golf if I showed you away to always have your ball one foot from the hole? You don't need, you don't need four clubs for that. You only need one club. Your chances of winning go through the roof, you know, blah, blah, blah. Like that was along the lines of what Joel said.

Um, and, and then he ended with something like, you know, imagine if I just let you cheat at golf and put the ball right next to the hole every time. You know, like, how easy do you think it would be for you to win? You can see that in your mind's eye. That's a great metaphor, because you can see it in your mind's eye, like, yeah, man, if I could every single hole, if I could just put the ball ball right next to the, to the hole and just pop it in, yeah. Like, I'm winning every single time, right?

And so you can picture that in your, um, in your mind's eye. And so now, but Joel never really, and this is an important point, Joel never really, he didn't get into the, he did, I didn't play any more than that of his presentation. I just played the, the portion of him using that golf metaphor to explain ultimately what it is that he was doing. Then I wanted to come back and I wanted to do the explaining of the mechanism behind how that works. And so the only, and this is where I wanna, we're gonna cut out most of this, but I just wanna show you this.

Um, uh, so I'm sorry. So Joel said something in the presentation that was also something that jumped out at me, and that I ba I based the entire kind of mechanism, if you will, off of, he said, I want you to, he said, tried and failed the people that have tried and failed. And so, right, that ultimately we're talking about targeting people that have tried and failed. And so that was really interesting to me because I've never heard anybody else in the marketplace describe it that way. I've never really heard anybody else in the marketplace really talk about it the way that Joel was talking about it, right?

With, by changing your targeting and then changing what you say to that target audience, you can reap all those benefits that we saw earlier. So then I decided I was gonna go with that as the first with Joel's system, you're targeting TAF prospects, right? Tried and failed all the folks in your marketplace who have purchased and tried some solution already, and you failed to experience the result, they're buyers, right? So now I'm unpacking, I'm unpacking this so that you can see the real world value beyond Joel's metaphor. They're buyers, not mere prospects with their wallets.

They've already demonstrated that they're serious about getting a solution. And because the prior solution they invested in didn't work for them, they still have the problem that you can solve. And this segment is now huge in most markets and growing. The reason for this catalyst is because there are tons of funnels and offers being published now in almost every marketplace with tons of garbage products and solutions, unfortunately, being pedaled due primarily to the use of tools like chat, GPT. So there are more people than ever paying for products and services, which simply don't deliver on their promises.

So the segment of tried and failed prospects is growing by leaps and bounds, and yet nobody but Joel is targeting them or knows how to talk to them with simple marketing to produce a secondary sale. You see how like that's the, that's the explanation of the catalyst it, right? It makes sense. Um, and, um, and, and so now all I'm doing is building the value of targeting these, these, um, these tried and, and, and failed. And the most exciting part for you right now is because TAF prospects have the highest level of awareness of all the prospects in your market and our buyers.

A TAF targeted marketing funnel done correctly, like Joel as master, doesn't need great copy or a bunch of education. See, what am I ultimately doing? I'm ultimately selling them on the value of the mechanism, which is ultimately really the, the, the, the, the big gist of this really is the targeting of the targeting and communicating with TAF prospects, right? And so it's a growing, it's growing, it's growing like wildfire right now. Nobody really is targeting them or knows how to talk to them with simple marketing to convert to produce that secondary sale, right?

And because these TAF prospects are the highest level, right? Um, you, um, uh, blah, blah, blah, you don't need great copy or a bunch of education, persuasion, cajoling and prodding to produce the sale. Meaning you don't need all the marketing hacks and tricks and sales techniques. So many people are forced to try to make work no, done, right? Targeting TAF prospects with a proper TAF campaign.

And we're gonna come back to this is, as Joel said, like competing in golf where you only need one club because you get to put the ball right next to the hole from the start. How often do you think you'd win at golf if you got to put the ball right next to the hole every time while all your, all your competitors were stuck having to tee off from hundreds of yards away? Yeah, you'd win every time. Well, that's the same thing we're talking about here with TAF mark, with the TAF marketing approach you're targeting and talking to the prospects closest to the whole, the easiest ones to knock in. So winning for you, getting the sale is easy.

And with this approach, you don't need, again, I'm just reinforcing the value of, of targeting, um, these people. Now, a couple things that I, I want you to notice a couple little subtleties. And so you see, you see what's happening here, Teddy, Mm-Hmm. So I want you to see that, and this is a, a very subtle thing here, that The other thing that, you know, the, what I, what I think is great about this promotion is like, there's, there's nothing really being held back, right? Either, like you're, it's not like you teased what the se you teased what the segment was, but you deliver and tell them exactly what here it is.

Yep. It's this try failed segment. Doesn't mean, you know, you're gonna know how to talk to them, but Yeah. And that's, that's right. Like the beautiful thing is like, look, you could walk away from this and you could say, wow, like, I, like, I'm not gonna buy this, but I totally get this idea of targeting people closest to the whole.

Like, I totally get the idea that, yeah, there are a lot of people that now a growing segment of the market that has tried and failed because of chat, pt, garbage products, blah, blah, blah, lots of funnels being published and whatnot. Like, I get it. You still walk away with insights and a and a and, and a new perspective. The the thing here is right to always understand that, right? I'm, I'm just not telling them how to do it, right?

Like, and that's, there's nothing wrong. Like, it's not my job to tell them how to do, right? That's that I'm, I'm telling them that like, look, I was exposed to a whole new segment of the market that is hot right now, and somebody that knows exactly how to convert those people into new buyers. And I'm gonna tell you all about it, and I'm gonna show you what I, what I watched to understand it, right? And now if you wanna learn it, you can too, right?

And here, you know, with Joel's system, right? And so you could see here, um, so I start to weave in, so first with Joel's system, Mm-Hmm. So right with Joel's system, uh, and then I say, uh, right, this is the, the catalyst. Um, and yet nobody but Joel again, like Joel right? Is targeting them or knows how to, to talk to them.

Uh, now you'll notice this, this is the subtlety that I wanted you to see. So I'm talking about these TAF prospects, right? That's how, you know, that's what Joel was ultimately talking about with the closest to the whole, closest to the whole, are these tried and failed, right? They're buyers, they're people that have already shown that they want the solution. They people that are, that already spent money on the solution, they're the most serious people, right?

They're obviously the highest awareness people. 'cause they've already spent money on, on another solution, but they haven't gotten the result, the reason why they haven't gotten the result, I explain over here. And the reason why that segment is growing, right? Is over here. Now I start to segment into, uh, I start to add in more and more, uh, TAF prospects of the highest and, uh, our buyer, A TAF targeted marketing funnel done correctly.

I probably could have just said a TAF targeted marketing message, uh, a little TAF targeted marketing campaign probably would've been a better choice of words. But now you see how I'm working in this A TAF targeted marketing funnel done correctly, right? Like Joel has mastered, what am I doing? I'm building up the value of, right, of not just understanding what it is that I'm saying here about tried and failed prospects, but the fact that there is a right way, a more effective way to do it, and that more effective way Joel has mastered. And Joel has a system, Joel has a process for this.

And so now you're gonna see me start to weave in this TA talk more than just about TAF prospects. Now I'm talking about a TAF targeted marketing campaign. So if you look done right, targeting TAF prospects with a proper TAF campaign, see how now I'm adding that layer in, because I don't want them to just think that it's just a matter of targeting these people, right? No, it's targeting these people with the right type of message, a tried and failed message, if you will. Uh, see now you, you see how you see over here.

That's the same thing we're talking about here with the TAF marketing approach. You see how I went from TAF prospects, prospects and a campaign right? To TAF marketing approach, right? And now I'm, I'm, I'm always gonna tie the two together, right? This approach, you don't need a bunch of education.

And this is why with TAF targeting and a TAF campaign, you don't need a complex funnel. You don't need great copy. You get the highest quality traffic possible. You get leads that convert into buyers almost right away. You pay a fraction of what others are paying.

Uh, all with simple ads in a simple two page marketing funnel. It's a beautiful thing, a simple, easy method to get the lowest hanging prospects in your marketplace to buy from you quickly and profitably. Now, as I meant right, so what did I do? I just, uh, I just, uh, presented this, you know, unique mechanism, if you will, right? I sold them on the unique mechanism.

So I took the metaphor and now I made it, uh, like I brought it to reality, if you will. Mm-Hmm. I brought it back to reality. Now, uh, as I mentioned earlier, there is one negative, uh, and I want you to be aware of it. Uh, now, look, I've always said, right, that, uh, a good, um, damaging admission is one that is not foundational to the sale, right?

Like, is not one that, right? Like, it, it, it's admitting a negative, but it's almost like, ah, that's, I'm good with that. And so, uh, there is one negative, and I want you to be aware of it, here it is. This is not a method that'll bring you thousands of new buyers a day, thousands a week, uh, or a month, yes, but not daily. So if you're only interested in a marketing method that you can use to invest thousands of dollars a day in ads, this is not for you.

But if you're looking for a fast, simple, straightforward marketing approach to bring high awareness buyers into your business, I've never seen anything produced the kind of results Joel is seeing with his clients using TAF targeting and a TAF campaign, right? It's not like, okay, so like, uh, right? Like the, the people that are only interested in investing thousands of dollars a day in ads, this isn't for them. Okay? I'm willing to, right?

Like that's a tiny fraction of the marketplace. It's not me. Anyways. And and you're still conveying value by thousands of thousands, a weeker a month. Yes.

Right? Right. Even the admission benefit, Right? It's not even really, right? Like, it's, it's almost okay, you know, like, because even if I was already investing thousands a day, but I wanted to grow my business, I'd still potentially be interested.

'cause I can still invest thousands a day in my other campaigns, and I can still use this for easy, fast, new, new buyers, right? Like, I could still add this, which I said earlier was, you know, the, the second category or whatever. Um, and then I just go into, really, I start to segue into the offer. Now, Joel charges thousands of dollars a month to set this up for his private agency clients, uh, putting this method out of reach for most online marketers and entrepreneurs. That's why I asked Joel if he would record a private training just for my tribe, covering the entire TAF targeting and campaign system.

Joel being the consummate teacher, graciously agreed inside, Joel walks you from A to Z through the targeting. And then I just go through and I explain, um, what it is. And you could see how short it is inside Joel walks you through, boom, boom, boom. Go ahead, click the button below, go ahead, click the button below. Now, to me, it is, it's such a, it's, it's an interesting thing because, you know, the, the, uh, the, the metaphor was really the, to me the metaphor was what was the most valuable part of, like, it, it's what clicked for me, right?

With Joel. And I said, that makes a lot of sense. And then right. I, or That curiosity about this new segment, right? Sure.

Well, the fact that, you know, like, look, you know, it, it, it makes absolute sense. You know what I mean? Like, yeah, there are a ton of garbage products now out there. There are a ton of garbage mortgage marketing campaigns. There are a ton of garbage products out there.

There are, there are a lot more, and there are gonna be a lot more people that are disappointed in the results they get because people are creating products purely from, you know, from ai. And not all of them obviously are, are garbage, but there's a lot more garbage that's being produced, uh, regurgitated. Um, and so yeah, there are gonna be a lot more tried and failed people. And so that segment of the market is growing and will continue to grow. And, um, and so there you go.

And so between the, like the, I'm gonna give you a peak, you know, like I saw something at a mastermind. I'm just gonna show you the video of what it is that I saw. The video is an actual peak of a presentation at the Mastermind. It's this metaphor that makes it sound, uh, you know, extremely compelling. Which I thought it was extremely compelling when I, when I, when I saw it.

Um, and then I took it and I brought it back to this and tried and failed segment. And right. There's, here's the catalyst behind this tried and failed segment. Nobody else is really targeting them. You can target them.

Joel's got a system. He's got proof, and I gave proof. I sh there is proof that I share in here, uh, of, uh, results that Joel gave me. Um, very simple, straightforward. Any questions or anything that you would add or ask?

No, no. I, I I think it's, I think it's perfectly well done. I think it's, uh, it's a great example of, like I said, you know, kind of how, how to, how to tease, but also it's taste versus tease, right? Which we yeah. Talked about at the, at the last mastermind.

Um, and yeah, and I agree like that, you know, this is this, this presentation and that talk at top one was the, was the impetus between running that quit smoking offer, right? I was like, yeah, the biggest tried and failed market. Yeah. Smokers, you wanna try to quit? Yeah.

Yeah. And, you know, and I, and I think, you know, the, the, the last thing and then 'cause we're over. And so, you know, the, the thing that I, I, I think, you know, that I I don't, that we don't talk enough about, and really in the spirit of transparency that I don't spend enough time thinking about for our own campaigns, and I really, uh, I really should spend more time in this, is the narrative is that narrative approach is looking for, right? Is is rather than just presenting the thing, the mechanism, it's the story, the, the narrative behind, like how, like, you know, if you, if you look at, you know, I, this is what I was sharing, like if you look at some of our big buzz campaigns, you know, over the last, you know, x number of years, you know, like the big idea bootcamp, there was a story behind that, that, that story came right from a conversation I had with Mark Ford. And of course there was the whole story behind the agora, you know, um, copy school.

There was a whole, right? Probably the best example on this list is the apprentice program of the story of David and needing, right? And, uh, you know, the decade plus swipe file. And there was a story of even, uh, of how I came up with the bullet campaign and why I decided to run with these bullet campaigns. And so that narrative, um, I think is makes things more compelling when you're bringing people into a real experience, right?

And this is me almost like, look, you know, I'm getting them excited about it, but I'm like, look, I saw something and I wanna show you what it is that I saw here, and I wanna unpack this for you and explain it to you, and so that you can see the same thing that I saw, you know, and here, like this was a presentation at, at, at, at a mastermind and like, you know, he won an award for this thing and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And like, look, let me explain to you what Joel was saying here and what I saw and, and here's why this is a crazy opportunity right now. Like, it's, it's very different than just that very plain promise mechanism, benefits offer. And so something that we, you know, we need to talk more about for sure. Yeah, definitely.

That, that whole be behind the scenes flying a wall, things you normally wouldn't have access to. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. And so sometimes man, right, sometimes you can find those and sometimes you have to engineer those, right?

Like when we engineered it with the copy school, like me going there. And so, but there you go, man. I thought that I would, um, share that hope that was valuable and, uh, and yeah, man, and so go do your thing, get back to growing your, you know, growing that empire over there, man. And keep me posted, brother. Thanks man.

Appreciate it. Bye. You got it all.
