---
title: "cc_ 2025-04-08"
date: 2025-04-08
duration: 51m
duration_seconds: 3088
vimeo_id: 1073668276
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2025-04-08

**Date:** 2025-04-08 | **Duration:** 51m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right. So what we're gonna do today, uh, I've got a little PowerPoint, uh, a little keynote presentation, um, for you guys, and this is more kind of a discussion slash reminder, but what we're gonna talk about are, uh, 10 persuasive levers in copywriting from Eugene Schwartz. So this, what what we're gonna cover are, is in Schwartz's kind of language. So these are 10 persuasive levers in copywriting. These can, of course, be used in, you know, in advertising and all things marketing.

These aren't all of the persuasive levers that Jean Schwartz, um, has taught and talked about, but these are kind of the biggies. Of course, you guys know, and I'm gonna bring this up in just a second. You guys know, you know, um, things like marketplace sophistication and, you know, levels of, you know, prospect awareness are kind of at the foundation. The, the, the foundational stuff that Eugene Schwartz kind of, uh, uh, really, really taught. These are built on top of your understanding of marketplace sophistication and the level of prospect awareness.

And so, obviously, it goes without saying that we need to understand we audience that we're talking to. What are they aware of? What have they already heard? What have they already, what have they already seen? What mechanisms do they already know?

Where are they in their journey looking for a solution? Are they aware of the problem only? Are they aware of the different products out there? Have they chosen one? All of that.

Then this, these 10 levers are the seasoning that gets sprinkled on, if you will, on the, um, on the copy. So, with that, let me go ahead and share this. And I don't know if, uh, you know, after all of our, our years of talking about Gene Schwartz and, and, and his kind of methodology, and certainly breakthrough advertising being, in my opinion, the absolute number one most valuable copywriting, direct response, you know, marketing book ever published. I don't know if we've ever done a kind of a training, a, a, a high level overview on these persuasive levers. And so I think that this is gonna be, um, kind of cool.

That being said, let's just go to, oops, let's go to the first one. Excuse me. Let me do this. Let me play this on the full screen. And there we go.

And so, excuse me. So you guys can see, actually, let me do this. I'm sorry. Let just fix this. Uh, Okay, So you guys should be able to see this, the, the screen?

Yes. Good. Yep. Okay. So let's just jump in and have a little, um, discussion.

I didn't include everything that there is to know about each one of these 10 persuasive levers so that we can kind of unpack each of these a little bit. 'cause there are some different, there, there are nuances to the way that some of these can be, um, can be used. But the first persuasive lever from Gene Schwartz is, uh, what he refers to as, uh, intensification. And the way that this is kind of defined is, um, it, this technique strengthens the desire the prospect already has, it makes the emotion or problem bigger, more urgent, more, uh, uh, unbearable. It makes it larger.

Ultimately, what we're doing is we're intensifying the, um, the, the situation in this context, kind of, you know, intensifying the, um, the problem, the the pain point. So you can see here in this example, right? Uh, um, instead of saying you, you'll feel more energetic with this supplement, the in, uh, applying this idea of intensification is, you said, no more dragging yourself outta bed, no more crashing, halfway through your day, the supplement floods your body with clean, sustained energy. So you power through every hour, like you've slept 10 hours straight. And so, right?

I would say that, right? We, we, and I wanna hear from you guys, if you have anything that you want to add or an example to give, but I would say that this is somewhat kind of like when I say, and when I've said throughout the years that we want to dramatize the copy that we want to, we want to, uh, enlarge it, that we wanna make it feel, you know, um, bigger. That part of doing that is this idea of intensification. Certainly, we're, we're trying to make the solution, we're we're trying to present the solution in a way that makes it feel, you know, bigger, that makes it feel monumental. As you know, uh, my buddy Rick Sherin would say, right?

It, uh, this changes everything kind of that, that that perspective, that to me is intensifying the value and impact of the, um, of the solution, or whether you wanna call it in this context, the mechanism. But we're also doing that when we are, when we're talking about the payoff, the result, the transformation that somebody can, can get and experience from this. Um, and how, again, in sheron's language, how it could change everything. And on the flip side, when we're talking about the problem, the si the, the situation and ultimately, uh, you know, putting, pouring salt in the wound or future pacing, if they take the wrong action or don't take action, we're, we're dramatizing. We're intensifying.

That doesn't mean that we are lying. It doesn't mean that we're saying things that aren't accurate, that aren't true, that we don't believe, but we are intensifying it to make it more significant, to make it more severe, to make them more emotional, and so on. And so, anything that you guys would add to this idea of intensification? No. Okay.

Uh, next is, uh, according to Jean Schwartz, in terms of persuasive lever, is this idea of identification. And in this context, what he's, what Schwartz is referring to is on the prospect side. And so defining this as this principle or this lever makes the reader feel seen and understood that you describe their exact situation, their thoughts, their emotions. So they say, that's me, right? So they say, this person gets me, right?

That's, that's me, right? Obviously, the closer to this that we can have our copy, the deeper, uh, our copy resonates with somebody, the further away from this that we are in terms of our copy, right? The less that the copy resonates with somebody. This is why it is so important to understand our audience, to understand what makes people tick, to understand what they're thinking, to understand what they're saying, to understand what they're seeing, what they're experiencing, what they're hearing, and ultimately what they are desiring, what they see as a good solution or a quality solution, or a desirable solution, and what they don't, what they consider to be a weak solution, uh, a a weak option, or, you know, the, uh, frailty in a particular option or, um, or solution, right? This is all about our level, like this.

This really comes from our level of understanding of who it is that we are talking to. And the thing that, right, I really wanna say here is, you know, and this is one of those things, it kind of on the surface, you know, it, it kind of on the surface has this, you know, it's marketing 1 0 1 feel, right? Like, duh, you know, uh, you know, of course, right? But I really think that there is a, there's, there's a difference between the way average marketers, average copywriters, average entrepreneurs go about digging into their marketplace and keeping their finger on the pulse of the marketplace compared to the way the, you know, the pros, you know, the, the higher level folks do. I would say that, you know, certainly the, you know, the, the higher level folks are really digging deep and going deep when it comes to understanding their market, especially when it comes to the initial examination slash research that goes into, uh, creating or engineering a campaign.

Some of the, you know, looking at, you know, some of our high highest level clients, consulting clients, looking at some of their businesses, I would say that I've seen, you know, copy briefs, if you wanna call it even a copy brief, meaning the prep work that they've done for a VSL or for a sales letter. Be 30 to 40 pages. 30 to 40 pages of, you know, of demographic information, psychographic information, um, of, you know, of desires, of pain, points of copy, phrases, words, uh, of, um, emotions of, you know, uh, what they do want in a solution, what they don't want in a solution, comments that they've left about other, um, other solutions, gems that we could pull from ads that, uh, that are, you know, running from competitors, um, in the marketplace, comments left on Facebook pages, um, and whatnot. Uh, transcripts, you know, or, or chunks of transcript from customer calls or prospect calls, you know, customer support, um, feedback questions, right? Putting together this full documents so that you've got, you know, you've got, uh, deep, deep insight not to mention, you know, information from research, from looking at, you know, Reddit from looking at other, other sites and whatnot.

And so, right. Imagine, you know, writing a, you know, uh, putting together a, uh, a document, 30, 40 pages when you're writing a sales letter that's 15 pages, or 12 pages or 20 pages, and the amount of research that goes into to not, you know, to be able to understand the prospect at a deep enough level to do a lot of things. One of them being right, giving them this, this, leveraging, this identification where they see you as somebody who gets them, who understands them, who sees their exact situation, who knows what it is that they're thinking, who knows what it is that they're feeling, who knows what it is that they are, are dealing with, right? And so this is right, like in this, for this little, you're doing everything right? You tithe, you pray, you believe in God's promises, but you're still not seeing the financial breakthrough you've been praying for, right?

Uh, this is describing their experience, describing their frustration, uh, with this little piece of copy, right? Describing what it is that, uh, that they've gone through. And so, makes sense. Anything that you would add to this, either of you guys? Go ahead, Michael.

Um, yeah, I, I, I like this. I agree with that a hundred percent. I do you see that there's a difference between doing this, this sort of empathy version of identification and using identification to like, uh, sort of future pace, some sort of promise or, or benefit that they would likely, um, experience from, you know, your product or your unique mechanism. Do, does that make Sense? Yeah, I, I, yeah, I, I think so.

Um, I would say that the, the value, the value in this is being able to communicate in a way about your prospect's present, current situation, current emotions, current feelings, current experience, so that they see you as somebody that gets them, right, so that they ultimately feel like what is being described, whether it be the actual experience, whether it be the emotions, you know, feelings, whether it be the, the thoughts, whether it be the actual, um, outcome or result, you know, in their, their life, in their business, you know, in whatever that they, that they see themselves in what it is that you are describing, what it is that you are saying. So that attached to you is this, uh, you know, this person gets me, right? They're, they're talking to me and they understand me. So it's a, it's a dual thing. It's really two things.

It's one, certainly the closer we can get the copy to what it is that they're thinking, feeling, believing, experiencing, uh, um, and so on, the more that they feel it is for them, right? It's for them as well. There is this idea that whoever can describe, you know, whoever can can, can kind of describe and explain my situation best to me is the person that I tend to have the most trust in, in terms of being able to solve it. And so, right, the person that like, can articulate what it is that I'm experiencing, really, I want you to think about this. The person that can articulate what it is that you are experiencing and what it is that you may be feeling and going through and thinking as you're dealing with it.

I don't care whether it's in a business setting, in a personal setting, right? Whether we're talking relationships, whether we're talking cash flow, whether we're talking weight loss, whether we're talking, you know what, it don't matter to me, right? The person that can, um, articulate my situation, um, uh, super close to, like, that's dude, that guy is, you know, does he have a camera in my office, kind of thing. And then explain to me best why and what the right solution is, right? Like, has my, has the most amount of trust from me.

So the person that can explain my situation the best and the cause is the person that I, I trust most to be able to, um, to solve it, even dare I say, the person who can explain my situation most accurately and then give the reason why for that, right? To that person who is closest to me, again, even without articulating the solution or the way to fix it, has my trust that he will or she will be able to fix it best because of their depth of understanding what it is that I'm dealing with. And so, did that answer the question, Michael? Yeah. Thank you.

Okay. You got it. John, was there anything that you were gonna add? No. Okay.

Nope. Got it. Okay. So that is number two. That's identification.

Number three is gradualization. And this example doesn't do the best job of really, uh, demonstrating this, but gradualization is right, uh, is this idea of instead of leaping in, instead of asking the reader to believe something big all at once, right up front, you lead them step by step with a series of smaller, believable truths that build to your main point. So it's kind of like, you know, there's, there's in persuasion, this, I forget the name of the principal, uh, I don't remember the name of the principal, but might actually be even from NLP, but it's this idea of idea of like, let's of getting agreement first and then putting on the end of like, let's say getting three agreements, three like yeses. And then on the end of that, putting the, the, the thing that you really want them to agree to. So it's like, right, you're, you're, you know, it's like, you know, you're, you're, you're in front of a computer right now, you're watching this video, you're seeing, you know, um, you're, you're, you're listening to my voice and you're starting to see how this can be valuable for you in your life.

See, it's that last one that I really wanted them to agree with. And so what I did in that context, and that's just, this is just a tactical thing here, but is I said three things first that I knew were true, that they would say, like, that they would nod in agreement with this idea that, right, you're in front of your computer, right? Well, if they're watching a VSL of me, they're, they're in front of their, their, you know, maybe in front of an electronic device, right? You're watching this video, obviously, if they're hearing me speak, they're watching a video, you know, and you're, you're, you're, you're watching the video and you're hearing my voice. Those are three things that, right, are gonna get a, a agreement, right?

Um, and you're starting to see value in what it is that I'm talking to you about. That's the one thing that I wanted agreement on. So gradualization is this idea of building up to the, to the, to the biggie. It's kind of like you're, you're getting agreement. You're gradually in increasing the, the, uh, the weight of what it is that you're saying by getting agreement upfront.

It's kind of like the, the, the, the saying that, uh, I believe you've probably heard, I don't know if it originates with Jean Schwartz, uh, or maybe it's just a sales thing or marketing thing, but it is, you're starting where the prospect is and then leading them to where you want them to go, rather than just jumping in and starting with where you want them to wind up. You're starting where they are and you're getting agreement from them, and then you're baby stepping it, um, uh, to where you ultimately want to get them. Does that make sense? This isn't the greatest example, uh, but this was what, what, uh, was with Gradualization, you've seen how coffee wakes you up in the morning, you know, what happens when you miss your daily dose, the fog, the fatigue, the crankiness. Now imagine a, a coffee design, not just to wake you up, but to nourish your brain, fuel your metabolism, and smooth out your energy for eight full hours.

You see, the gradualization part here is that they didn't just jump in and say, imagine a coffee design, not just to wake you up, but to nourish your brain, fuel your metabolism, and smooth out your energy. They started with this, um, like, uh, a simple agreement generating statement, one that was building, you could say, in intensity, um, gradually increasing, and then the bigger one over here, right? You've seen how coffee wakes you up in the morning. That's if they're talking to coffee drinkers, right? That is an easily accepted, agreed upon thing.

You know, what happens when you miss your daily dose, fog, fatigue, crankiness, right? Um, now about then they're going, so this gradualization of what they o of what's being put out in front of the prospect, rather than just diving in, you know, um, feet first. It's kind of like, and, and it's an interesting thing because it's kind of like, let's say for John, you know, talking about, let's just say ads and media buying. You know, if John was to say like, you know, something like, you know, uh, if he wanted to ultimately communicate that the game is radically changed, and that what it requires, you know, for you to do today from a media buying perspective to be successful is vastly different than what it used to. Well, John can certainly jump in feet first and start with that, right?

Like, at the beginning of his argument, at the beginning of his message. Or he could also start off with something, uh, gradually build up to, you know, you've, you know, like you've seen how Meta has added different targeting options, different ad options and different, different, you know, different ways of running advertisements on their platform over the last handful of years, and you've seen the, uh, the cost of getting a click, right? Get blah, blah, blah, increase over time, and you've also likely heard about people that are blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Well, that's why it's important for you to understand the game has changed that gradually building up to that big, uh, mother load statement. Does that make sense?

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, is it, is it kind of similar to the, uh, I forget the exact name of this, but is this was in a persuasion trainer that you did, uh, many years ago, Todd, but it was, you give two absolutely true statements, and then there's a statement that you want 'em to believe. So it's Like, yeah, that was, that was what I had mentioned.

Yeah, that was what, what I had mentioned. That's like an NLP thing, right? It's like what you're, yeah, because right, it's, it's, so, it's similar but a little different, right? The NLP thing is all about, like, you're getting the yes, you're getting the yes, you're getting the yes, makes it much easier to then anchor on the final thing, whether it's after two or after three, to then anchor on, um, uh, the statement that you want accepted by the, um, the prospect. You know what I mean?

Like when you get the yes, yes, yes. It, uh, it just, the way that the brain processes it is different than if there was no prior prior Yes. And so, yeah. And so it's kind of like, you know, getting agreement, getting agreement, getting agreement, then boom, putting out the statement that you wanna get agreement on makes it that much easier to get that agreement. And so, um, yeah.

Would, would you Use this as a proof point? In what regard? Gimme an example. Well, I, I mean, just general, uh, like some kind of logic proof point, you know, um, Um, I don't think that, let me, lemme just see off the top of my head. I don't, I don't see how you would do that.

Uh, or what I should say, Michael, is that's not really the application that Schwartz is, is talking about here when he's talking about Gradualization, is this idea of, of lead, of building, of building up, you know, with the prospect and not just jumping in feet first, like that there is value in, in getting, um, agreement, uh, initially or right to, you know, smaller before you go bigger. Is the, is there potentially a, an opportunity to do that when you're stating or presenting proof, evidence, support in an argument? Maybe. I mean, there may be, uh, uh, maybe, uh, I just don't know of one off the top, an example off the top of my head. Okay, thanks.

Okay. Yep. Next is what Jean Schwartz calls, uh, redefinition, really what we would just call reframing. And so, um, this is where you, you redefine a familiar term or problem in a way that makes your solution the only logical answer, right? And so this is the kind of, this is the, we've talked about this many times before.

This is really ultimately at the heart and soul of stage five copy. Um, this is right ultimately when we've talked about in the past to bring up our buddy again, rich Efron, when we've talked about the internet business manifesto, the PDF that put him on the map, what did he do? What was at the core of that entire PDF? Um, ultimately what I would say is we would call it reframing, Schwartz would call it, or called it redefinition. What, what Rich did in that was he redefined the problem he ultimately said, right?

Like in that context, he, you know, everybody was overwhelmed. Again, you've heard me talk about this numerous times, what it's worth, just a a 32nd, you know, recap, right? In the internet business manifesto, what he was dealing with on the cover was that u diagram where it was the entrepreneur in the center, and it was all these things that had to be done that entrepreneurs were trying to do every day, juggling 57 different things, um, every day and being overwhelmed. And the problem that most were having back then was, uh, being overwhelmed with like, I don't have the bandwidth to do all these, all these things. I'm getting slammed.

And what Rich did in the internet business manifesto was he redefined the problem. The problem wasn't that you were overwhelmed. The problem was that you were operating as an opportunity seeker and you were, you were taking advantage of different opportunities that came your way. Uh, instead of being a strategic entrepreneur, and when you operate as a strategic entrepreneur, you're able to weed out all of those things on that u diagram that you don't need to do, that aren't part of your strategy, therefore, getting yourself to a point where you're not overwhelmed and you have a well-oiled machine. And so it is redefining, let's say the, um, the problem, the root cause of what it is that you're dealing with.

You could see it here in this, right? And, and you see this more and more, um, especially ironically in the weight loss arena, in the fitness arena where there, where it's so saturated and crowded and so competitive where they do this all the time, you don't have a weight problem. You have an inflammatory or an inflammation problem. And unless you fix the inflammation, every diet you try is just a temporary patch. This is a perfect example, really.

Excuse me, over here, um, of a stage five of stage five copy where stage five copy is, right? Like they could still have a, um, a unique mechanism that addresses inflammation right in here, but they're changing this from, you don't have a weight problem. You have an in, uh, inflammatory problem, right? You, this is done without the wazoo that you don't have a weight problem, you have a hormonal problem, a, you know, a testosterone problem, you don't have a weight problem, you have a testosterone problem, but not just a, not a total testosterone problem, a a testosterone usability and absorption problem. And then boom, they go on to present a unique mechanism that'll fix that.

You don't have a weight problem, you have a thyroid problem, right? Uh, you're not producing enough hormones, right? Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, or not, or it, you know, an absorbability like you name it, they could right? Any potential, you, you could make the argument that any potential thing that could be linked to weight or excessive weight or a sluggish metabolism, uh, or not, not burning fat, you could present a stage five, right? Like it's, you don't have a weight problem, you have an insulin resistance problem, right?

Like you, you know, you don't have a weight problem, you have a, a pancreatic problem. Like again, that's, those are all stage fives. They're going from, alright, the issue that was already addressed and they're finding what is the root cause of that. So this, it goes from the issue to now being a symptom and there is a deeper issue, which is the real problem. And when you, when you are able to create or, or demonstrate a, uh, a root problem underneath what is now the symptom in a way where you are the only one that has the solution to that, you create an an incredible, an incredible campaign, which is exactly what Rich, rich did with the internet business manifesto.

Once he showed that it's not that, right? You're overwhelmed. It's that you're operating as an opportunity seeker when you need to be a strategic entrepreneur. He redefined the problem to not be one about doing all these things. He redefined it to show you that you shouldn't be doing all these things.

And the reason why is because of the way that you're operating opportunity seeker versus strategic entrepreneur. And then he was the only one at the time to offer a solution for you to step into the role of being a strategic entrepreneur. And so beautiful thing when it can be done. It, it's not always easy to do this. Like this opportunity to redefine isn't always there.

Um, not every marketplace, uh, or not every solution or every problem has the ability to be redefined, but when it can be done, it can be wildly effective. Anything that anybody would add to that Is when you redefinition is like that stage five where you're like, it's always stage five where you're like di going into diagnosis. Yes. Correct. So originally, right?

So yeah, you're, you're absolutely correct, right? That that's the, that was, and when my eyes were first open to, you know, to the, the stage, you know, 'cause look, let let me say this. So we're talking about stage five, we're talking about stage, you know, stage five of marketplace sophistication. And this is where ironically, this differs from this approach that we're talking about here really differs from the way that Schwartz advocates for dealing with, um, with stage five. I think that, you know, um, John, it was out of the copy legends lock-in that I was first exposed to this idea of what is working in stage five.

And really initially the way that it was presented, it was presented, you know, to us, to me to us, uh, there as diagnostic copy that you're ultimately diagnosing the problem and you're showing them that what you think is the problem is not really the problem is just a symptom or a byproduct of the real problem. And until you fix the real problem, you're gonna continue to struggle, which is the formula that you see here, right? Like, this is what you thought was the real problem or what you thought has been your problem, right? Is not the problem at all. Instead, right?

This is a symptom of a deeper problem. This, this problem over here. And unless you fix the deeper problem, the root cause problem, every solution that you try, right, is going to struggle or fail or just be a temporary fix. That's that same formula over and over and over and over. Um, and it's funny because if you look back at some prior winners, big winners, some, some, some good campaigns that did really well, especially in the health and wellness, um, space, uh, years ago, like from, uh, John Benson, uh, and, and others, but from, they were actually stage five all the way back then.

So John was doing this, you don't have this problem, you have this problem, or the real, the real issue, the real source is this chemical, this hormone, this that your body is producing. And until you, right, it's, it's not that you, you can't lose weight. It's not that you can't follow a diet, it's that, you know, your body is triggering the release of this hormone, which is making you hungry and you can't win against your hormones 'cause your body will secrete more and more. What, in order to beat this, you need to suppress that hormone so you are no longer hungry. So you can stick to your diet.

And there's only one way to do that. Boom. Like you could see the beauty of, you could see the beauty of it. You could also see, right? Like Michael, for, for us, well, for all of us on here, but you know, I also, I love those messages so much, right?

Because they're also, they're really education based. They're, they're, they're, they're equally as education based as the typical mechanism, unique mechanism driven E five campaign. But even more so because now we're educating them on why what they thought was the problem is not the problem and that there's a deeper problem. Uh, and that what they thought was the problem is only the symptom and here's why that's the case, and here's the only way to fix it, right? Like you're educating them.

And so it's a beautiful thing, right? When, when, when done right? And so anything additional to this? Nope. Okay, let's go to five.

I'm gonna pick up the, the pace here so that we're not, uh, so that I don't keep you guys all afternoon mechanization. We know this, right? Uh, this is the language, like this is at the heart and soul of, of what we talk about, right? You make your solution feel scientific, precise, or methodical. It's not just a product, it's a system or mechanism that works predictably.

This is right. We live and, and and die by this, um, idea. Uh, this isn't just another budgeting app. It uses a three phase cash flow alignment edge in that automatically reroutes your spending towards your most important goals, right? We know that in this context, in this example, given it would be the cashflow alignment engine that is the, you know, is the mechanization of the thing, right?

And so, uh, again, might not be the greatest example here, but we, this is, we eat, sleep and, and breathe this. Anything that you guys would add to this? No, simple number six concentration. So you take a broad benefit or result and condense it into a single powerful promise or benefit. You zoom in on the core payoff all day energy.

That's what everything in this bottle is designed to deliver. Not weight loss, not better sleep, not clearer skin, though. You might get those too. But our mission energy that lasts. So this is going from broad to narrow.

And I'll, I'll tell you, you know, for for what it's worth, you know, it's, I and I, I've said this, I've said this for a while now. I believe that in, certainly in crowded, uh, competitive markets, certainly in, i I really should say in sophisticated markets, I would say that, um, there is massive value today in narrowing or in Schwartz's language concentrating the benefit. Like dealing with one issue, solving one problem, giving one major payoff versus these big broad appeals, right? Because I believe that as the market gets more sophisticated, and this is important to kind of just ponder later, and if you disagree, I'd love to hear it. But as the, as markets, as prospects become more sophisticated over time, as they're exposed to more and more marketing messages as, as they spend more, um, over time on different solutions and get let down, hence, you know, why many are still, um, in the market, not only do they become more skeptical, more jaded, but I feel that the broader, wider promises become harder for them to believe.

Whereas more narrow focused, concentrated promises are much easier to believe. Meaning, you know, like look, um, meaning you take something like, uh, a solution that promises to fix all of your, you know, your financial issues, your financial metric issues, or your p and l issues, right? Like, it, it promises to fix your financial so that you've got full control over your entire p and l from beginning to end, like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Like this system nails it for you versus right? The, a single system that will fix your payroll line, you know, your line items like it, it's harder to believe that one single system can fix my entire, you know, all, all of my financials, my entire p and l.

It's a lot easier for me to believe today because of all the different solutions that I've been exposed to. And because of all the experience that I have, again, sophisticated, it's much easier for me to believe that something can fix one part of a big overall system than it is for me to think that one system can fix a gigantic overall system. And so, right, it's, you know, it's, it's why, like, look, you know, I think going back to media buying, I think that, you know, it's, it's much harder, you know, like, look, I, I think for, for what it's worth, and this is just worth pondering for you guys later on, you know, we, especially for us who've been around for so long, and we've seen so much and we've heard so many, you know, so many of the promises, and we've tried, you know, um, so many different things in learning marketing and learning, media buying and learning copy and, and all these things over the, you know, for me it's, you know, over the, the, um, uh, you know, over multiple decades at this point, uh, what was I gonna say? You know, you look at something like, you know, media buying where this is your, your, your an, this solves everything, all of your traffic needs, all of your traffic problems, all your traffic scale like this solves, solves everything. If, if they were teaching something, not an agency like John, but if they were teaching something, right?

It's very hard to believe. But if there was a, this fixes high CPA, right? Or high CPM, right? On Facebook ads, right? That's a lot easier for me to believe right there, and there's a lot more value for me, you know, personally to something like that, right?

And so, you know, so that concentrated, you know, concentrated in terms of the problem that it's solving, right? The pain point that it's alleviating and the payoff, it's not like, look, this isn't going to, right. Like, it's a beautiful thing to be able to say like, look, this, this, you know, this isn't going to, you know, uh, uh, uh, double your sales conversions. This isn't gonna double, this isn't gonna double your sales conversions. This isn't gonna double your A OV and this isn't gonna double your new customer, you know, volume.

But what this will do is cut your cost per visitor by at least 50%. Like, that's extremely attractive and believable to me. It's also, I think, believable to me. You know, I, I think what's interesting, and this is, this is an important little distinction to ponder. I also believe the, the more narrow the promise, the more narrow the problem is that's being addressed, and therefore, the more narrow or concentrated the outcome that's being promised is the bigger it can be.

That promise, and it still stays believable for me. Meaning, right? Like the, the, you know, because in my mind, right? Like, it, it feels like this is a specialized program that's addressing one thing, addressing one thing really well. So it's more believable to me that I can experience a big payoff on this one thing than if it was a A to Z complete traffic generation program that will double my, you know, double my conversion rate, double my a OV, double my, you know, new customer volume and cut my, um, cost per visitor in half.

Like, I just don't believe it. I don't believe anything that general, that wide could have that big of an impact because of how diluted it is in terms of its focus or concentration. The more concentrated something is, right, the, to me, the bigger the result can be, and I still believe it. It's, it's very similar to like, look, you know, if, if a, if your general doctor was gonna perform a surgery on you and versus a specialist, a hyper specialist was gonna perform it on your elbow or whatnot, right? That the elbow specialist versus your general doctor and the elbow specialist was like, yeah, you know, like, this is all I do, right?

Which is why you can expect to recover in 48 hours instead of like with your general doctor, where it's gonna take you two weeks to recover. That's more believable to me, right? Because it's specialized, it's concentrated, and so, uh, there's value in that. Anything that you guys would add to that? Agree, disagree?

Any, any addition to that? Uh, I think you, when, when it's specialized, you can charge more as well, For sure. That's right. Like that's a given. I always say like, it's not, and, And like, and then from, from like, from an economics point of view, that, that, that also helps to radical not have the, the media buying mastery course, but the, like, how to fix your CPM issue.

Oh, absolutely. This, that there's a reason why, listen, there's a reason why my general doctor is driving a Mazda and my cardiologist is driving a Maserati, okay? Right there. That there's a reason, right? And so, yeah, and right.

You think like that, that's, we see it in the real world. Like you, I, I can't think of personally an example of a specialist that makes less than a generalist. It, it just doesn't work that way, right? Like, because we value right? Specialized information more, and I think that we believe there's, there's quality in, in specialization, right?

Like we just, I see there's greater quality when somebody specializes in, you know, in, in something. And I don't care whether it's we specialize in, you know, all we do is, um, it's, it's kinda like this, you know? So it's funny because, you know, if, if I, you know, in my, in, in that my old house, uh, we had to do, we put windows in, in the, in the entire house. And now look, you could go to a window company that specializes in, in windows. You could also go to a company that specializes in hurricane windows, like that's their specialty.

Or you can go to like a general contractor, a general builder who does a lot of, a lot of different things, right? And one of the things that they do is they install, they install windows. Um, and you could get it substantially cheaper through a general contractor. I wouldn't touch that with a 10 foot pole at all, right? I'll pay double for a window, a window person, right?

Who specializes in this to do it because there's this belief that that's all they do. So they're gonna do it great. They know all the issues, they're focused. I don't want the generalist who's like, you know, who's pitching me on painting my, you know, painting my house too, and also fixing some of the plumbing upstairs. Like, I don't want that.

And so, right. To me, it, and this carries over to, you know, to this principle of concentration. So just ponder that there's value that let's keep cruising. So, uh, the next one is camouflage. Uh, you disguise the sales pitch as something else, a story, a revelation, a confession, or a public service message.

The reader forgets they're being sold, right? This is the, what you would apply this to is the idea of like the indirect lead. The indirect lead, right? Is what, what are we doing? We're camouflaging the fact that it's an advertisement to be indirect.

And so, right? Like this is, you know, this, this example over here, I never planned to write this letter, but after what happened in my dorm last month, I couldn't stay silent. Too many students are walking around broke, confused and ashamed. And I finally realized why, who knows at the end of this, right? It could be, you know, a course on, you know, uh, getting outta debt.

It could be a course on entrepreneurial skills or, you know, a book on that, whatnot. The point is that you're not, you're, you're using an indirect approach to camouflage what it is that you are, um, you're doing. Make sense? Okay, next, Jean Ford eight. So we got three more, uh, amplification amplification here, uh, according to Schwartz, right?

Is this the act of expanding the gap between the reader's current pain and the promised future? You magnify the contrast to make the offer, um, more, uh, irresistible. In other words, you are amplifying the, the gap in between where the prospect is and where they wanna be. You're magnifying or amplifying the contrast between the two, the contrast between the pain, the frustration, the struggle of where they're at right now, and the beauty of where they could be. You know, when we've talked about how all marketing is ultimately your prospect is on this island, they want to be over here, and we come along and we show them that we've got a boat, we've got the smoothest, easiest, simplest way to get them from where they are right now to where they wanna be.

Well, this principle of amplification is right, is making where they are right now, much, much worse, and making where they wanna be much, much better, much, much more exciting, right? To amplify the gap in between those two places. Obviously, it goes without saying that the closer they are to, the closer their experience, the, the closer they experience now is to the after state, the less desirable that transformation is, right? Lemme say that again. The closer their current state is to, in their mind, to the after state, right?

The less attractive that transformation going from where they are to where they want to be, is the more contrasting it is, the more the, the, the, the, the bigger the difference is between where they are and where they wanna be or where they could be with our solution, the more attractive and compelling that is, right? So right now you're working 40 to 60 hours a week and still worrying about bills, but imagine stepping into the month knowing every expense is covered because your money is aligned with divine principles that multiply. This is right. This is, uh, uh, uh, again, not the greatest example, but the point is why are you, why, what's the, the value of the, right Now you're working 46, 40 to 60 hours a week and still worrying about bills, but imagine this is the now and this is the after. What's the value?

What would you say is the value of putting this, this statement here? Why not just start with, imagine stepping into a month, knowing every expense is covered because your money is aligned with, you know, divine principles that multiply it. What's the, what is the, um, what's the value of this statement here before this statement? Contrast, that's what it is, right? Contrast this is that you, you know, you, you could say like, look, let me, let me say this, right?

There are, there are two, there are, there are two things to be aware of. So we've talked about before at great lengths, the value of contrast in copy, contrast is critical, right? Like where they're at right now, where they wanna be, right? And where they wanna be compared to where they're going if they don't make a change, right? All that is contrast.

You need contrast, right? Like, you need contrast in copy so that they don't, they, they, they, so that what you want them to value pops, right? And so contrast is key. The principle or the lever of amplification is just making that more severe, making that difference as severe as as possible or as significant as possible so that where they are and where they wanna be or can be with our solution, a stark difference, right? That's amplification contrast is something that contrast is just, we're, we're showing where they are and we're contrasting it with where they could be or where they could be and what their life could be like, right?

And will be like with the, with the solution compared to where it is now. That's just contrast how much contrast there is, is all about the principle of amplification. Does that make sense? Yep. And so, uh, like, and that's the, that's the thing, right?

Like, you know, you know, you think you can think about it like, look, you know, if we're talking about, you know, if the before is, you know, you're always a day late paying your bills, right? And now you have the opportunity to pay your bills on time, right? Like, that's not a big enough contrast one, right? Like your, your bills are always a day late, right? Uh, and, uh, and now you have the chance to pay your bills on time a whole 24 hours earlier, right?

That's not, that's not cutting it. But if maybe we said, right, your, your bill and leading up to, you know, to that day, you're, you're worried you tend to lose sleep at night, right? You tend to not go out to eat or do or do recreational things all because you're routinely paying your bills late. Well, now you have the opportunity to be worry-free to sleep soundly at night to get to never worry about that. Why?

Because now you're pay, all your bills are being paid on time, you're not thinking about it, you're not worrying. That's a vastly different experience than what I said before. So it's about making sure that the contrast is enough by leveraging amplification. Next two more dimensionalization for Schwartz Dimensionalization is taking a single benefit and showing how it impacts multiple areas of life. You give depth and emotional meaning to what seems like a surface level gain.

And so here is, right? It's not just the weight loss you lose, it's the confidence. You gain the energy to play with your kids. The peace of mind knowing you're honoring your temple. This is that idea of right, of what, what, what's the deeper benefit?

This is like when we've talked about right? You lose weight. Well, right? It's not just, it's not just weight, it's the confidence that you have. It's the joy that you exude.

It's the attractiveness of your personality. It's the being more open to experience things in a recreational setting, maybe being open now to, uh, the love of your, uh, you know, the love of your life, um, yet, you know, uh, uh, you know, get not, uh, not getting sick, um, as often, right? There's, it, it's taking seemingly it's taking, taking one benefit and sometimes seemingly a superficial level benefit and turning into something so much more significant. And so in this context, when we talk about dimensionalizing, we're, what, what Schwartz is talking about here is it is unpacking the ripple effect from this one benefit and showing how this one benefit can pour over into many different forms and many different areas of life. Anything that you guys would add to that?

No. One more. The final one is the level, the, the lever of transformation. And this one is, is really interesting. This one is, we could save this one for a deeper conversation for a different day.

This is selling the identity shift, not just the product. It's not about buying, it's about becoming, right? This is the idea of, you know, this is the idea of not just selling an outcome, but selling an identity. That it's, it's selling the person on th this won't only give you the, the, the, um, it doesn't only give you the result. It, it, it gives you the identity, uh, right?

It, it doesn't, you, you don't only, you know, lose weight. You, you are now an exerciser. You are now, right? Like you're now a healthy fitness buff, right? Like, and people see you that way.

So you're not, you're not just selling them, you're not selling them on just a product or, or early I should say, just an outcome. You're selling them on the identity that comes with that outcome. And so you won't just learn to budget, you'll become a faith fueled financial leader, a provider, a planner, a steward of generational wealth that is right, that's wildly. We could be talking about right over here, getting out of debt, learning how to, um, you know, learning how to budget or, and walking away with a budget so that your finances are under control so that you're not going deeper in debt, so that you are getting out of debt and getting yourself back to, you know, a financial, uh, uh, a great financial position. That's just the outcome, right?

But then you'll become, you will become right, A financial leader, you'll become a steward of generational wealth. You'll become the person in your lineage that your grandkids and great grandkids talk about and look back to as the person that set the family on the right course to wealth. That's a, a, a, a different, uh, a different level of emotional impact when you get there. Again, you can't always, you know, you can't always do this with every product in every marketplace, but certainly when you have the opportunity, there is value in thinking about what is the identity shift that this person would want? How, how do they view themselves right now in their current state and how would they like to view themselves or be viewed, um, in the, in the after state?

And so anything that you guys would add to any of these 10 or any anything that we shared? Nothing off. Beautiful. I love it. You guys are outta here.

There you go. Ponder it. Think about it. The 10 persuasion or persuasive levers from Jean Schwartz. Uh, and so enjoy boys.

Have a great day and I'll see you guys next week.
