---
title: "cc_2025-04-01"
date: 2025-04-01
duration: 47m
duration_seconds: 2846
vimeo_id: 1071515883
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2025-04-01

**Date:** 2025-04-01 | **Duration:** 47m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right. So what I wanna do today is I wanna take a look at just a few little, uh, um, copy edits, a few little copy tweaks that I made for, uh, one of our clients in the, um, in the, the golf space. I shared this with the team, um, earlier at the start of a copy meeting. And so I wanna go through these with you, these little kind of, you know, um, subtle, slight, almost, uh, nuanced changes can have a big impact when there's a lot of these little slight tweaks and, and, and changes, uh, over the, um, whole copy. And so, and no doubt, this will probably turn into some sort of, uh, deeper discussion, uh, one or two of these, uh, points.

But nevertheless, let me do this. Let me do this and, uh, let me do this. Oops. Alright, so you guys can see my screen? Yep.

Yeah. Okay. So some of the, some of the copy for this particular call, I, um, I, oops. So some of the copy for this call, I tweaked, you'll see I replaced the names, uh, of the name of a product or a mechanism with a placeholder. I did that for you guys.

Those obviously weren't on the original call, just because, uh, I don't wanna share too much about, uh, the, the, the product, uh, behind, um, this copy, 'cause it's still not released yet. Uh, but this is talking about a club right here, right? A go a golf club, and it says, right, so what it says and, and ignore, don't worry so much about, uh, what it's communicating. I want you to see in this example, the structure. So they're talking about the club that's being sold, and it says, it also gives you the distance of a three wood, because its club head is the same size as a three wood.

So you get all the mass and power going directly into the back of the ball, which produces more ball speed without you swinging harder. Now, what is the subject of this, of this chunk of copy, of this piece of copy right here? Like, what is this? What's the, what's the, um, what's the subject of, of the, uh, of this copy? What is this copy talking about?

Some, some kind of club, right? Uh, exactly. Right. And you see that because of what word Michael, like what word in, or what words really, you know, what word or words in here tells you that it's about the club? Well, club head perhaps.

Um, okay, well, certainly that, but Right. Keep, keep going. Go ahead. What else were you gonna say? See?

Well, um, well, three would, I mean, I, I kind of know what that is. Okay, so yeah, you're okay. So you're going, well, so, right, I told you that for context, right? So I mentioned at the beginning, this is about a, um, this is about a club head. So you had some, uh, or this is about a club, excuse me, so that you had some context to this.

The thing that I want you to see here in the construction is that it's, it, it also gives you the distance of a, of a three wood. What is it? What is it referring to? It is referring to the, um, product because it's club head, right? It in this context, again, it's referring to the, the subject of what it is that we're talking about.

Here is the actual product itself. And this is where one of the things that you, you, I want you to realize, and I'm gonna give you a takeaway that I don't think I'm gonna give you a takeaway when we're done, when we're done with me showing you the examples that I don't think I've ever shared publicly about what it is that I'm about to, um, share now. So what you've gotta realize is that when we go into talking about features of a particular product or the deliverables of a particular offer and bundle, that that doesn't mean that you have to now place the spotlight on the features or place the spotlight on the deliverables. You can still keep the spotlight or the focus on the prospect. See, you know, oftentimes, you know, when we talk about boring copy, right?

Oftentimes, you know, boring copy, meaning copy that bores the, the, the prospect. Often what most people, what mo most copywriters, what most marketers, what most people are thinking of is they're thinking of poorly written copy or too, you know, copy that's too scientific or that delves too far into the, um, into the weeds on a particular subject or uses too big, you know, words, right? That's kind of borderline, you know, boring and, and, um, confusing. Um, copy. But what I would say is there's an element that a lot of people don't realize, uh, and that is that the longer copy goes on, where it is not talking about the prospect or, or the prospect's problem, or what the prospect stands to gain and how their life will be improved, the more easily bored a prospect can become, right?

We know that what people care about is right, is themselves. And then in the context within marketing, learning about a product or service, a thing is, how does this impact me? How will this fix my problem? How will this alleviate my pain? How will this bring me closer to my goal?

How will this give me what I want? And the longer that we go in copy, the more copy there is, and the more consecutive, uh, uh, this, this kind of copy is where we're not talking about the prospect, the greater the likelihood of boring the prospect. Because like, you're, you're talking about something that, um, I don't own is not mine yet, right? And, and, and whatnot. This is why you've heard me say before that we wanna regularly tie things back to the prospect.

Like anytime we veer off of talking about the prospect, we wanna, as quickly as we can show the prospect how this ties in with what they care about the most themselves, their problem, their goals, et cetera, as well, right? We, you know, I look at, uh, I look at certain sentences or statements or chunks of copy, and I ask myself, can this be said in a way where even though I'm talking about a feature or a deliverable, it's still ultimately about the prospect. And so here's a tweaked version, right? Rather than it also gives you distance. You also get the distance of a three wood, because the club head of your product name is the same size as a three wood.

Now it's the same copy, right? So you get all the mass and power going directly into the back of the ball, which produces more, more ball speed without you swinging harder. But the focus of this is you, is about their experience rather than about the product itself. This is what I'm talking about now is about the club. What I'm talking about here is about the prospect.

And now the, the, the, um, this is ultimately right, just serving the same thing that this is, it's reinforcing this promise over here. This is a statement, right? Like a, a claim about the product. This is about the prospect. Does everybody see that?

I know that, that, that may seem, you know, that can seem nuanced, but you do this enough, like you do this enough and for a long enough period of time, and you lose the prospect because you're talking about some third party thing. You're talking about your product, you're talking about what you care about, you're talking about some, you know, uh, a bit of information or whatnot. Instead of talking about the prospect, to me, this is a very simple fix. It's a way to keep the focus on the prospect, right? Um, and like, rather than the, the, the thing.

And even though, right, you, it also gives you the distance of a three wood to the average. I would say even, you know, good copywriter, they would say, well, this is about the prospect, but the subject of what we're talking about is it, it, it it's club head. What's, what, what's the, it's it the club, it also gives you, what are we talking about the club, right? Whereas over here we're talking about the prospect. Any questions about that?

Anything that anybody would add to this? Um, are you going to give another version, Uh, a, another, a third version of this or another example? Yeah, no, I have no third Version of this. So like the last clause, um, that says, which produces more ball speed. Yeah.

Without you swinging harder like the word witch, it doesn't, there's no, the club isn't even mentioned in that sentence. I would, I would, I mean, couldn't you also say, put the exchange the word you, for which, you know, you produce more ball speed without swinging harder? You, you could, so you could say you produce more ball speed, but the thing, right? So the, what's the difference between saying over here? So like, look, you, so you, and this is a great, like, I love this point, I love this discussion, right?

So you get all the mass and power going directly into the back of the ball. So let's break this down just for one second, right? 'cause you know, yeah, I, you know, you know, golf is a complex game. At least to me it's a complex game. Um, and the deeper I go into it, the more I'm like, holy god, this is a complex game.

So you get the distance right of a three wood. Why that's a claim, right? Like that you get the distance of a three wood, right? The claim, right? Right.

The support for that claim is because the club head of this product is the same size as a three wood. So right? There was an ar you know, there's an argument that's being made around this, that, right? It's the size of the club head ultimately can impact the distance, right? But a three wood is hard to swing, it's hard to manage, it's hard to control.

This club is easier to, is easier to control 'cause it's shorter 'cause of other, other things that we don't really need to get into. But it still gives you the distance of a three wood, because the club head of this club, even though it's shorter and lighter and all the other things, right? The club head is still the same size as the three wood. And because the club head is still the same size as the three wood, you get the distance, the same distance with your ball as you would with a, um, with a three wood this next, oops, this next piece over here, this next piece over here, right? So you get all that mass and power going directly into the back of the ball is a continuation of what it means that the club head is the same size as a three wood.

And so, right, you get all that mass and power going directly into the back of the ball because the club head is the same size as the three would. And because you get all that mass and power going directly into the back of the ball, right? It's, it's getting all that mass and power, which produces more ball speed without you swinging harder. Got it. So, in other words, does that make sense, Michael?

Yeah, yeah, yeah. And so clear the, the, the reason, what's the difference between saying something like, right, you get all that mass and power going directly into the back of the ball, which produces more ball speed versus saying so you can produce more ball speed without swinging harder. What's the difference in what is being conveyed in those two different statements? And one, the, the thing is, the work has been done for you, the other is doing the work. Yeah, yeah.

You got it. That's the difference. That's why, right? Even though, let's say, right, like from, if you're reading this, right, like the, the, the construction, the which produces more ball speed without you swinging harder, it's not ideal, but it conveys, it, it, what I don't wanna say is so you can produce, or, so you, you, you're able to produce more or so you produce more, right? Because all of that is you producing more, you doing better you, right?

Whereas this is right, because it's almost like saying, because the club head is the same size as a three wood, right? That produces more ball speed for you without you having to swing harder. Yeah. Beautiful. I like it.

That's ultimately what's being said. And so does that that make sense? Yeah, absolutely. Okay. Um, and so, uh, and you know, the, the thing that I do want you to see is even in the original right, the, the difference between these two is, you know, is, is somewhat, you know, subtle but not right?

But what I do want you to just see from a pure cop, 'cause these guys are, are, are, are pros, man, these guys are great. Like, right? Like they get the right, if, if you look at this chunk right here, which is ultimately a chunk about, um, about a feature of the club, right? You could say that, you know, like even though the subject of this is the club, right? You could say it gives you the distance of a three wood.

You're talking about a benefit, a payoff, right? Distance getting more, more distance over here, right? Because it's club head is the same size as a three wood. This is the, the, the feature, if you will, this is a fact about the, the product, the fact about the club, and then, right? So you get all that mass and power going directly into the back of the ball.

Now, while I wouldn't say that this is a benefit or a, or, you know, a legit benefit, it's almost like a foe benefit to me, right? Um, because it's not really the thing that they want. It's one step removed from the thing that they want ultimately, right? Like what they want is this, you know, like they wanna, they want more ball speed, right? Without swinging harder, you know?

Um, but the, the, what I'm showing this to you because even with this sort of faux benefit over here in this chunk about the feature, the majority of what's being said in here is benefit driven distance of a three wood all get all the mass and power going directly into the back of the ball, more ball speed without you swinging harder. The only one that, the only sent statement in here that's really just about the feature is it's clubhead is the same size as the three wood. My point is showing you that even in a section about features, right? It's still benefit driven. Do, do you see that it's still, it's not copy that is feature dumping, it's still benefit driven, and this one is just that much better.

Make sense? Right? Todd, Could you, um, so with the width produces more ball speed without you swinging harder, could you make a case that that's also a four benefit? And what they really want is the result of more ball speeds being swung harder, which is the distance. Yeah.

So you and I would, right, like I made, I made that argument, right? And that I, I made that argument, uh, an argument similar to that John, uh, when I first started working with those guys, and it just highlighted how little I knew about the market, meaning, you know, like meaning, like, they were like, you know, uh, yeah, the, you know, these golfers are strange in that, you know, yeah. Like some, they, they, what we would think is, 'cause I made that argument multiple times, like, well, what's the value of greater ball speed? Like, who did they really say I want more ball speed? And they're like, yes, they do.

We've got the surveys fair enough to prove it in the, yeah. And so I'm like, all right, I just gotta accept your word that that's what they do. Yeah, thank if that's what they want, that's what They want. Because to me, no, it doesn't seem like, right? Like, uh, it doesn't seem like that's the, it, it seems like, well, what's the result of greater ball speed?

Is it greater distance? Is it greater accuracy? Is it, you know, but weird, weird bunch, weird group. Alright, let's go on. Next is, uh, next the x, y, Z construction.

This was given like, there's a name, you know, sort of a mechanism name given here. Uh, the XYZ construction gives you even more ball speed because it creates an elastic effect. So you can get the ball up in the air, reach the green, and stick it close to the pin even on off center miss hits. Um, what is this about? This is ultimately about the x, y, Z construction, right?

The X, y, Z construction is at the forefront. How can you talk about that x, y, Z construction and still, um, keep it focused on the prospect by just rearranging a bit of the copy. Next, you gain even more ball speed that's in here, right? Because the x, y, z construction of the product name creates an elastic effect. So you can easily get the ball up in the air, reach the green, and stick it close to the pin, even on off center mishits.

Now, let me just point something out here, right? Uh, you're gonna see it, John, or all of you on here, we'll likely point out. So you see the difference by the way, next, the x, y, Z construction gives you versus you gain because of the x, y, Z construction, right? So one is the X, y, Z construction becomes the subject. It does this, right?

Like versus, um, you gain even more ball speed because of the x, y, Z construction, um, uh, of, uh, because, because the x, y, Z construction creates an elastic effect, it's almost like bringing in this copy is almost introducing a right. It's, it's introducing a mechanism. Uh, it is introducing a mechanism, this x, y, Z construction over here, and it's giving you a reason why, right? That it, it, it, this unique mechanism gives you even more ball speed because of how it creates this elastic effect. Does that make, do you see that right now?

So you can easily get the ball up in the air, right? The reason why this remained so you can easily get the ball up in the air and not, um, which easily gets your ball up in the air. Uh, right? Which is where I would normally go, right? Which I pointed out to these guys.

Like that's where I, for our copy, right? Like, I would normally say, I would normally make the prospect the, um, the, the, um, you know, the recipient of the benefit from the unique mechanism. Um, but, um, I got pushback on that from them because they, it goes beyond the scope of this conversation. It was a marketplace thing, right? Like a lot of the golfers don't, they, they want to learn and grow.

They don't wanna be the passive recipient of, you know, something. And so that's why this stayed in here. But I want you to know that me, if I was writing the copy, I would've gone, I would've, I would've the, the full copy for one of our, it would've been right next, you gain even more ball speed because the x, y, Z construction of your product creates an elastic effect, which easily gets the ball up in the air for you reaching, reaching the green and sticking and close to the pin, right? Even when you miss the, you know, even when you have a poor shot, like I would've made them the, the passive recipient. Does that make sense?

Yes. Yes. Okay, let's keep going. This was a line in there. Um, it said one, uh, they were talking about they were creating, um, urgency or reason to respond.

Now, I should say one, when this launch is over, the product name, uh, will never be available at this price ever again. How could you change this? Well, this is, uh, right? Like, how could you, like what? Let, let, let me ask you this.

This was a question that I asked the copywriter. I said, what are you trying to communicate here? And what do you think is it was the an what do you think they're trying to communicate here? Um, urgency. Well, specifically what?

Be more specific. What were they trying to, what are what are they trying to communicate? What are they trying to get the prospect to, you know, to believe, to understand here? Like, if, if this is, yeah, like what are they trying to get the prospect to understand? The price Is gonna rise after the launch.

They will have to pay more. What was that? They will have to pay more. There you go. Right?

That's right. Even you could even make the argument, right? Like John, like, you could even make the argument that the price is, the price is going to rise, but really in, if you really think about it for one second, right? Um, right? Like, why, why would we want them to know that the price is gonna rise because we would want them, or what's the value in our mind of them knowing that like, like, right, the value of them knowing that is realizing that if I don't take advantage of this, now I, and I want this in the future, I will have to pay more.

That's ultimately right. And so that's exactly what it is that I, I, I did, I wrote here, I said, well, one, like, why should you get this now? Well, one, once this launch is over, you won't be able to get the, the product at this price again, right? You won't be able to get it at this price again now, right? So I made it right?

This is about the product, right? Once this launch is over the product, what are we talking of? The product will never be available at this price again, number one, that is, that is at least one step removed from what it is that we want the prospect to understand. Number two, I'm talking about the product again, right? So now imagine coming off copy where we were talking about the feature fe features feature this feature, this does, this feature does this for you, and this feature does this for you, and this feature, this feature, this feature, this feature.

M look, when this launches over, this product is all, all we're talking about is the thing and aspects of the thing. And so, right, I, I don't wanna talk about the thing, I wanna talk about the prospect, and especially, I wanna get, I wanna make the point that is the biggest driver, not like for of them to buy, which is not that this product will never be available at this price again, but that you won't be able to get it at this price again, that you'll have to pay more, right? When you see all the success stories and you want this, you will then be forced to have to, you know, to pay more. That's what I want them to, um, to realize. Now, there's one other word that I took out in my edited version over here, and that is the word ever again.

And so one, when this launch is over, the, this product will never be available at this price ever again. I just took out ever, um, ever again. And, and, you know, uh, first of all, let me ask you this, what's the difference between in terms of time, you know, between, um, uh, won't be available ever again versus, uh, uh, it won't be avail available, this price again? What's the difference between ever again and again? No, no difference At I, yeah, I don't really, I don't know.

I don't, I, to me, no difference, right? Like, it's not like, well, it's like new and brand new. Yeah. Like, it's like that joke of the whole, it's absolutely free. It, this is free.

It's free, it's not absolutely free. Like whatever that means, right? Like, it means nothing. Um, and but also, not only right did it is does it mean nothing, but I also felt, right, and this is just personal, personal preference, I think if you will, or personal feeling, is that this is more aggressive and comes off more manipulative to me, right? In other words, when it, when, you know, look, when, when it's clear, like, look, I, I don't even know how to phrase this or how to say it.

And so maybe some, Michael, maybe, you know, a better way to articulate this point. Um, uh, when something is obviously aggressive and to the prospect's detriment, like when I'm highlighting a negative, when I'm, when I'm, when I'm aggressively pointing something out, that is clearly manipulative because it's designed to get the prospect to act. Now that's a no-no, because right, that filter and that resistance goes up. And so, right, not only is the word not needed, but to me, I feel that the use of the word makes it feel more aggressive, more manipulative, right? Uh, and therefore will conjure more resistance.

See, I, I, I always wanna, and this is a deeper conversation for a different day, but I wanna, I wanna try to let the power of what I'm saying do the work of producing the result, not in how I'm saying it. If that makes sense. You know, it, it's funny because ironically, let me give you, let me give you an example. You know, ironically, this is one of the things that I've come to learn about the golf thing, the golf world. So, you know, on some of the clubs, you know, like irons, and I don't, I, I, you know, I've golfed a handful of times and I'm absolutely terrible, right?

So the key thing for me with enjoying a day out on the golf course is making sure that I bring enough golf balls with me. 'cause I'm shanking them like left and right. Um, but these clubs, like, you know, uh, let's say irons, right? They, they naturally have a curve to them, you know, to produce a certain loft elevation of the ball. And what a lot of novice golfers like myself tend to believe is that you've gotta, in your swing work, it work like work the angle of the swing, the angle of your body, the angle of, you know, where, you know, the way that the club meets the ball in order to get loft.

And what I'm coming to understand is that no, you need to swing your swing properly so that the club can do what it's designed to do, which is produce the loft. And when you try to muscle it, right, when you try to muscle it, that's when, um, you don't get the result that you're looking for. And I think that that is, to me, a perfect metaphor for what it is that I'm talking about here. That I don't, I want my words and I want what I'm saying to do the work and the heavy lifting, not the way that I'm saying it, right? And so, like, look, if the reality is, is that like, look, you after this launch is over, right?

You won't be able to get the product at this price, right? The, you'll only be able to get it at the public price of three times this. Um, and if you're comfortable with that, then you can skip this. But if you don't want to miss out on that, then you may wanna go ahead and grab this right now. Like, that's not me trying to muscle it, that's me just stating fact and laying it out and letting the case, what I'm laying out, do the heavy lifting.

Does that make sense? Yeah. Anybody have anything to add to that? I think also with the phrase never be available, like that's a negative absolute statement, which to me is a big no-no. Yeah.

Yeah, that's another great point. Thank you for sharing that, John. I also, one of the things that I said to the copywriters, and it was, you know, less of a, less of a factor, you know, but like, um, you know, it'll never be available at this price again. I said like, look, do you have a crystal ball? How could you say that?

Like, how could you, how could you make a definitive statement like that that, like, it just, to me, it seems manipulative, right? Like, it just seems manipulative to me. And I think that, you know, like, look, I, I think that, you know, while, while, look, while the average consumer might not be able to identify exactly what a salesperson or marketer or copywriter is doing, and name the technique or tactic or, you know, say it's these three words, or it's this word, right? But the consumer can feel, right, the average consumer can feel when they're being, you know, the, the person on the other end is attempting to manipulate them. My wife knows nothing about like, copy and marketing still to this day.

But she can, she'll, she'll tell you when she feels like she's being manipulated or like she doesn't know why they're, or what exactly they're doing, but something feels off, right? Like, you know what I mean? Something just doesn't feel right, something feels shady, something feel like that. That's how she'll describe it, right? And because something is at play and so important, and I've told you guys once before, right?

I'm also, it's not only writing copy, crafting marketing messages, it's not only about what do we need to say to produce the result that we want, right? To, to get them to see and believe and understand what we want, but it's also making sure that we don't say anything or say anything in a way that triggers resistance, that triggers skepticism, that triggers doubt. And so it's right. Like I, I wanna make sure that we're saying what we need to say, but that we're also not saying things or not saying them in a way that will trigger, like, um, nah, that seems weird and seems off to me. Make sense?

Okay, here is, um, another one, right? You'll get access to an exclusive video training, uh, called X, Y, Z. Um, it shows you how to read, rinse, and repeat for more accurate approaches with no changes to your current move. Same thing over here. You're seeing the same thing over and over.

It shows you how to, what's this about you get, right? This one is, is you'll get the exclusive, um, you got it? Oh, adida left, okay? Uh, you'll get exclusive access. It shows you why it started out.

You'll get ex you'll, you'll get access to an exclusive video training, right? And then it shifted into talking about the video training. Why not keep it going? You'll get access to an exclusive video training where you'll see how to have beautiful and accurate approaches with no changes to your current move. Like, right?

Like, rather than switching, you know, like we're still saying the same thing. We're still communicating, you know, almost the same thing. You know what I mean? Like the same thing, but we're just keeping it focused on, you'll have access to this where you'll see, where you'll get, where you'll understand, right? And by the time you're done, you'll know how to, right?

Blah, blah, blah. And so all of that is, um, focus on the, um, on the prospect. Here are two, this is I think the last one, um, on here. So, uh, this is a completely different point, but I wanna show you something. What's the difference between these two, these two statements?

So two, uh, I'm only making these gifts and bonuses available for free to the most dedicated golfers who take action today. Two, I'm only making these gifts and bonuses available for free to the dedicated golfers who take action today. This one is, you know, you, this is, this is a difficult one to, for you to answer this question the way I'm asking, the way I'm asking you. But what's the difference between these two? You can obviously see in red and green is the only difference in the sentence.

And really you could say that the only difference is the removal of this word. Most. That's the only difference between these two. This one says the most dedicated golfers, this one says the dedicated golfers. What is, what's the difference in, well, what Most is kind of an absolute, and like, if, if I'm reading this or hearing this, how do I know that I fall into that category?

Does that make sense? You fall into what category? Well, of the most dedicated, I know I'm dedicated. Am I the most dedicated? You know what I'm saying?

I, I don't, maybe that's not what you were getting at, but I Was gonna say something similar to that. Yeah, go ahead. What were you gonna No, it's not, I, I think that I, I I like what you're saying, uh, Michael, what were you gonna say, John? Pretty much the exact same thing. I think it's, it's gonna be easy for people to put themselves in the bucket of dedicated, very difficult to put themselves in a bucket of the most dedicated.

Yeah. So, so then you Could alienate them by saying, oh, Tony, for the most dedicated, some 'em might say, okay, well I'm, I'm an avid golfer, but I wouldn't say I'm the most dedicated avid golfer. Yeah. So, so it may just be a negative. Yeah.

So it's, it, it's interesting, right? Because I, I probably shouldn't have made this red and made this green 'cause that's kind of unfair to, you know, make you got, you know, like, obviously I'm framing this, um, in a way where now you're seeing this one is good and this one is bad. I think really the, the right way to, to articulate this, the reason why I'm sharing this with you is because there, even though this is one word, right? A one word difference between these two, you could make the argument that, that what they're ultimately still, what, what they're ultimately doing over here is they're saying, right, that you, you're, you're a or you are or could be a dedicated golfer, right? But it's only the most dedicated, uh, that who take action today, right?

That, that's, they could, right? So they could be saying, right, you are like, if I wanted to make the case that you're a dedicated golfer, I get it. I, I see it, right? But it's the most dedicated that are gonna get these gifts. The most dedicated are the ones who take action today.

Whereas over here, it's almost drawing a line or potentially attempting to draw a line between the dedicated golfers and the ones that aren't dedicated golfers. This one is almost, is, is drawing a line in the sand, as in as like saying, well, do, who do you wanna be? Who, what do you consider yourself? Do you consider yourself a dedicated golfer? Well, then you'll take action today, right?

But right. If you don't take action today, then maybe you shouldn't see yourself as a de as a dedicated golfer. Whereas this one allows for the prospect to still view themselves as a dedicated golfer, but maybe just not the most dedicated, right? Which to me, is a very subjective like thing. See, to me, I would go with this, right?

Because I really don't like, like this is almost, you know, this is almost for me. Like, like I'm trying to pacify them. I'm still trying to make them feel good. Like, you're, you're a dedicated golfer, but it's the most dedicated golfers man that, right? That, um, that go ahead and take action today, right?

And to me, I think that there are a, I think that that's not as powerful of an I identification play as saying, I'm only making these gifts and bonuses available for free to the dedicated golfers, the ones who take action today. Meaning ultimately, that like, right? That if you consider yourself a dedicated golfer, you'll take action today. And ultimately, if you don't take action on this today, then maybe you're really not a dedicated golfer to, and so, calling into question that's, to me, I would be more apt to go with this in the copy than this. It's not to say that one is right and one is wrong, which is why I really shouldn't have done red and green.

But to me, it is a different, it's a different play. Just that one word over there is, it's this one is allowing for, is allowing for the golfer to still see themselves as dedicated, just not the most dedicated if they don't take action, right? And I don't know, you know, like, look, I think that, um, it's, it's, you know, to me it's, it's very, depending on who you are talking to, right? Like you're either one of us or you're not, is a stronger play than you. You're still one of us, but you're not in the top elite group of one of us, right?

I, and more than anything, I don't wanna, I I just wanted to show you this just to show you how one word can change the impact, the change, what's being communicated, change, even in this context, how the, the prospect can identify themselves. Anything to add to that, Right? Like, you know what I mean? It's, it's very different from saying like, you know, the successful, you know, the successful marketers do x versus saying, right? Like, the most successful marketers do x It's a different statement.

It's a different statement, right? And, and it forces you to see yourself in a different light. If you aren't doing X right in one, you can still be a successful marketer, just not the tippy top. And the other one, you, you shouldn't see yourself as success as a successful marketer, right? Because there's a division between successful and not so successful.

Whereas the other one is a division between successful and most successful, right? And so I think it's, you know, it's the difference between over here, it's the difference between good and better and bad and good. You see that? Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense.

Bad and good. And so, alright, so the final thing that I wanna share, there's no, uh, oh, here's a, here's another one. I'm sorry, I did have one more, and then I'm gonna give you the final, the final thing that I said that the, the, the bigger takeaway that I've never shared publicly. So here's, right, you'll experience greater consistency in your golf game when you use x, y, Z product. The problem with this is, and I believe that this is something, and here's where Michael, I will use the wrong term.

And so, um, tell me that you could tell me the, help me to not continue using the wrong term. Um, I, right? They, they are using, I think it was Jean Schwartz, maybe not, I don't remember where I first heard this from. Um, they are using what is ultimately a, what should really be used as a, as an adjective or adverb, right? They're using an adverb as a noun.

They're turning an adverb right into a noun, into, um, uh, into a noun. And the problem is, is that when you do that, there is, um, it's abstract, right? We've talked in the past about avoiding abstractions, abstractions, um, in, um, in copy, right? And you know, like I've talked about, you know, like, um, you'll have greater, you know, greater efficiency, right? That's, you're talking, you're taking a word that is ultimately designed to be an adverb and you're now placing it as a noun.

And right? The problem is when you do that, it is abstract, right? And so, 'cause what is greater? What is efficiency like, right? Can you smell it?

Can you touch it? Can you taste it? Does it appeal to any of the five senses, right? Like, what, what can you hear with efficiency, right? What can you smell with efficiency?

What can you take, right? What can you taste, right? Like what does it look like, right? You can't describe any of those. And when you take an adverb and you make it a noun in a scent, you're gonna find the same thing over and over.

What does consistency smell like? What does consistency, right? What does it feel like? What does consistency sound like, right? Like all those, you can't answer that.

And so the point is, is that this is not just vague, right? But this is abstract. You're now using an abstraction as a noun. And abstractions have no place as nouns don't like. And we do this often, like in, in the English language, right?

Especially there's, you know, um, there is, you know, new, there's, there there are words that we've turned into, um, you know, adverbs and these abstract words that we've turned into nouns. And then, and we use them, especially like in court, in the corporate world, there's like lots of stuff that there, lots of words that are just like these abstractions. The point, so the point that I'm trying to show you is, right, I would take an abstraction, greater consistency. This is kind of the same approach that we would take to, um, to, you know, dimensionalizing a functional benefit, right? The same is ultimately what we wanna do here.

Give an example. What is, what is the tangible right? Um, uh, example of greater consistency. You'll almost never miss the fairway again when you use product. This is right, a, a more of a tangible, concrete way of talking about in this context, greater consistency, assuming that that's what's meant by greater consistency.

Make sense? Yeah. Yeah. And I like the, like, I like the use of almost as well. It's not like overly you'll never miss the fairway again, because that's just not believable.

Correct? Um, and it's, you can visualize never you can visualize never missing the fairway again. And that's what people can, everybody can visualize that. Whereas it's very, not everybody can visualize consistency or act. Nobody can probably Visualize.

Yeah, you can't. I mean, like, and at the end of the day, right? Even if you could, you know, like, like this go, it goes back to, right, right, I did this. We, I did this at top one once, right? The idea of like, you know, you, you, Michael, create, you know, draw a picture of greater consistency.

You, John, draw a picture of greater consistency. Number one, I'd be shocked if either of you could draw a picture of greater consistency, but even if you could, what you came up with is gonna be wildly different. I have no doubt, right? It's gonna be wildly, it's gonna be wildly different. What the, the image that you picture in your mind.

And so the problem is, right, if we're supposed to be the, the director of the movie playing in the mind of the, of the prospect, and we use these abstractions, well then how do we know what movie? How do I know what movie's playing in John's mind? God only knows what movie's going on in John's mind. And, and how do I know what movie is going on in Michael's mind, right? Like, I don't, and so the point is, right, like, no, none of it.

Like, what does that even mean? I can't picture it. And so again, right? We wanna be the director of the movie playing in the mind of the prospect and know that the more visual, the more they can picture these things, especially when it becomes benefit driven, payoff driven, right? That's where that emotional visceral response comes into play.

And so there you go. Now, the final thing, 'cause I know, um, I'm way over. I want to go back to, um, This is it, this, yeah, let's do this. So I wanna point something out. So, uh, I covered this before one of the copywriters brought it up because, because I would've brought it up, right?

So one of the thing I've said, o over here, right here, isn't this an example of like, um, the, uh, Maybe it was the other one. Uh, It gives you the distance of a three wood, um, because it's club head is the same size, so you get all, isn't this really, isn't this the thing that I've always said about being the passive recipient, making the prospect, the passive recipient of the benefit isn't, isn't this them being that passive recipient? Uh, and isn't this like, uh, you know, uh, you're, you're kind of, you're, you're, you're changing that like, it, it, it, it, they're not, it doesn't convey that same passive being that same passive recipient. Well, so I wanna make this clear for you. So I would say that when I, and this is exactly what I said, and I'm gonna give you an example, and then we're gonna jump that.

I will almost always, or, or usually I will use the whole passive recipient thing when I'm talking about the unique mechanism, but not when I'm talking about the, um, not when I'm talking about a, um, um, uh, like a feature or a deliverable. So when I'm talking about a feature or deliverable, right, of the, of the thing, um, especially a deliverable, right? I am not using the, uh, passive recipient. I'm using the passive recipient when I'm talking about the unique mechanism. When I'm talking about, and I'm gonna show you the, I'm gonna show you this in just a second.

So I want you to understand that when I'm talking about a deliverable, like in this case we're talking about this, you know, exclusive video training, I don't use the passive recipient play. I, I keep it focused on the prospect unless right, or until I talk about the unique mechanism, right? And then I'll use the passive, and sometimes I do both, and you'll see me shift from one to the other, like let's just say over here. So right, you'll get access to an exclusive video training called blah, blah, blah, where you'll see how to have beautiful and accurate approaches with no changes to your, um, current move. Um, all thanks to a b, c mechanism which ensures you, your ball goes straight and lands exactly where you want it.

I started off when talking about the deliverable, keeping the focus on the prospect, you'll get instant access to where you'll see how to have. And then when I switched over to right, you'll, how to have beautiful and accurate approaches with no changes, um, because of how it gives you the x because of how it's based on the x, y, Z mechanism, which does this for you, you see the difference, subtle difference, right? Yeah. But so my, my point is right, that the, the me, the, excuse me, the, the, I try to keep the features as much focused on the prospect. I try to keep the deliverables as much focused on the prospect.

But when I mention the unique mechanism, right behind the payoff, behind the result, that's when I'll introduce the, you know, you're the passive recipient. And so sometimes you can go from focused on the prospect, unique mechanism, passive, passive, beneficiary. Important. Make sense? Yeah.

Yeah. Any final words? Anything that you guys would add to the discussion? No. Good.

You guys are outta here. John, thank you for come hanging out even though you're exhausted from a marathon. Um, and Michael, as always, great to see your smiling face. And so you guys are outta here. Think about what it is that I shared with you guys, and I'll see you next week.

Thanks, Todd. You got it?
