---
title: "cc_2023-08-22"
date: 2023-08-22
duration: 37m
duration_seconds: 2263
vimeo_id: 856873235
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-08-22

**Date:** 2023-08-22 | **Duration:** 37m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right. So today's training, um, is really simple. Uh, what we're gonna be talking about is really the difference between, uh, not the difference between a primary promise and a benefit statement, which is kind of what I shared in Slack. But really more importantly, how do you choose what your primary promise in a campaign is going to be? And this really kind of stayed or, or stuck in my mind after last week's training where Damien asked the question about, or proposed the idea about the, um, the orthodontic, um, marketing page.

And Damien proposed the idea, or throughout the idea of what about focusing on continuing education credits and, right. And so we talked about last week how that is a, you know, that is a benefit. Um, and so I really want to cover today, and this is gonna be rather simple. And so maybe, um, you know, there, there may not be need for mu much discussion if there, if you have questions, cool. We can unpack it a little bit, talk a little bit about it, but it's pretty straightforward.

I'm gonna share with you how I view, uh, coming up with the primary promise, how I view, uh, certain benefits over here, and the primary promise over here. And so, let me see if I can share my screen. Not sure if this is gonna work. It's not a big deal. Yay.

It works today. And so I have a very simple slide deck to, um, to walk you through. Actually, let me do this real quick. Uh, I want to fix this because I want you guys to really answer a couple of questions, um, as we go through this. And so this is, this is important.

I wanna give a little context before we dive in, uh, for, for you guys on here as a reminder and for, um, everybody that gets access to the recording of this. So, look, you know, all, you know, all marketing is based on the foundation of, of presenting, uh, what's in it for the prospect. We know that, we know that, like the one of the core lessons taught when it comes to direct response versus, uh, brand institutional advertising is that direct response answers the question, what's in it for me? Right? One of the very first things that I, I heard or learned read somewhere years ago when I first started studying direct response was this idea of all prospects are tuned into the radio station of w i, what is it?

Uh, w I I f m, what's in it for me, right? Like, what's in it for me? What they wanna know is, what is this gonna do for me? What's this, what's this gonna change in my life? How's this gonna fix, um, my problem?

How's this gonna give me more of what I want? How's this gonna take away pain? How's this gonna bring me closer to pleasure? Right? They wanna know what's in it for them.

And so, at the foundation of all effective direct response marketing is we're presenting what's in it for them. I've always said, you know, I've talked about this, uh, certainly in all the E five curriculum and E five materials, the idea that the difference between, um, information and marketing is marketing uses or incorporates in promises, benefit statements, claims of transformation. And so, right, like, and you heard me say, I believe last week, I've said this numerous times, I've said this for years, right? I've never seen a marketing campaign not work because it had too many benefits. I've only seen marketing campaigns not work because they don't have enough benefits, right?

Benefits, meaning, you know, claims of transformation, claims of improvement, claims of change, claims of alleviation, of pain, right? In other words, right? Answering the question, what's in it for me? So that ultimately brings us to, well, how do we know what to focus on as the core? The core?

What's in it for me, right? Or a, a simpler way to talk about this is, how do we know what to lead with? How do we know what to put into the headline? How do we know what to really focus on in the, in the deck copy? You see, and I, I'm, and we're gonna, we're gonna dive into this in a second, you know, look, if we take the time to really think about the benefits, and let, let's, let's do this.

First of all, what is a benefit? Somebody give me a definition of the be and I'm gonna ask you guys, a a you know, I'm gonna ask you guys a few questions, but somebody define for us as a group, what's a benefit? Something they don't currently have, Something they don't currently have. Okay? So what if, um, let's say, um, Damien is, okay, so, uh, I was just gonna say, right, you gotta be careful.

'cause let's say Damien is debt free, and then we give Damien a whole bunch of debt. Is that a benefit? Right? No. And so benefit is, is we, okay, so I I, I like that it's, uh, giving somebody, giving somebody something that they, that they want.

Anybody else have something, uh, uh, that they would use as a definition for benefit or another way to define it, Michael? No. Uh, you're muted. I like it when I'm not the only one that has technology challenges. Uh, I would say, I would say a benefit is the, is the delivery of a desirable outcome or value?

Yeah. Okay. I, I dig that. Michael. Mute button working.

There We go. Yeah. Um, yeah, I was gonna look, say something along the lines of what, uh, Damien just said has to do with the transformation or a, or something better than what, where they are right now. Yeah, I, I mean, look, I, I think that, you know, we're all, you know, and I, I would say that all the definitions are, are, are pretty solid, right? To me, in my mind, right?

And most of, look, most of what it is that we're gonna talk about today is my way of thinking about the primary promise, my way of choosing or identifying what I believe should be the primary promise. So just keep that in mind. I believe a benefit is any sort of improvement to the prospect's life or to an individual's life, right? Whether that improvement is more pleasure, or whether that improvement is, uh, decreased pain, right? It's an improvement.

It's something that improves, um, enhances, betters the prospect's life. So that being said, right? So what is a benefit statement, right? Like, what is a benefit statement? When we make a statement of benefit, when we claim a benefit, when we right.

What are, what are we ultimately doing? What, what is that? I, it's probably, it's probably a better way for me to ask this question so that it's, it's clear, but the, right. So what do we do? How do we present benefits throughout, um, throughout a marketing message Claims As claims, right?

Like, we're claiming that they can experience the improvement. We're, we're claiming that they can experience the, the decreased pain. We're claiming that they can experience the, the increase in pleasure. We're claiming that they can experience more of what they want. We're claiming that they can experience less of what they, they don't want.

We're claiming that they can get more of the asset that they're, that they're looking for, right? We're making those, those claims. A, a, a, a benefit claim or a benefit statement, right? So we're actually claiming that throughout the, um, marketing message, what's a primary promise? The sum total of all those claims.

Okay. What do you mean by that? Unpack that a little bit. Well, I mean, so, so all those claim, all the claims and the benefit statements would be, would be very specific, or the primary promise is, you know, like, if, if all those claims were true and you got each of those results, then the ultimate result that you would get would be X. So it's Kind a Encapsulation of the bigger outcome of all the littler outcomes, is the kind of way I see it.

I, I think that The primary promise, when I think about it, it's the, it's the end state. Like you'll finally have the body of your dreams. You will be financially free, you can get new customers every day, like you will meet the love of your life. Like it's the final, like the benefits are a little, like, no more sitting home alone, no more worrying, paycheck to paycheck. Those are all like the individual benefits, but ultimately the primary promise is, is the promise end result.

Very good. Okay. I like that. Michael, what would you add to that? Well, I would, I pretty much what Damien's saying, it's a big overarching change or transformation or result that you are claiming that, um, your prospect can achieve or experience.

Yeah. So I like that. I like, I like what all of you said. I think that all of you gave, uh, valuable answers. The way that I view the primary promise, right, is as really, uh, Michael used a couple of keywords in there.

It's that big overarching result. It's that big overarching outcome. Like Damien said, it's that big overarching transformation. It's the thing that the prospect ultimately wants, right? So you have to understand that, you know, it was really, uh, it was really Clayton makepeace that really opened my eyes to the fact that if we sat back and we really spent the time, uh, thinking about all of the different benefits that a single product can deliver, all the little benefits, all the different ways that a particular product can improve a prospect's, uh, um, life, um, that we can come up with a slew of benefits, in fact, just for the heck of it, 'cause I wanna do this because I wanna, I'm, we're gonna use this exercise to make a point about the difference between the primary promise and, and, and different benefit statements, right?

And so, um, and so let's just do this for the heck of it. So let's take a, um, a weight loss program, a, a product, uh, let's call it a training. Let's call it a, a, a system to help people lose weight. Um, and so let's say there's a system that helps people take off, call it, you know, 50 pounds of, of excess body weight. Um, what are some of the benefits of taking off 50 pounds of excess body weight?

What are the benefits of taking off 50 pounds Greater self-confidence? Can we, can we, can we, hold on, could we do like, uh, you know, like, uh, one of those game shows where it's like, how many do you think you can get? Like, I think I can get 10. I think I can get 15. Um, sure.

Roll with it. But so, so Teddy said confidence. Okay, So Damien, so go ahead, go with it. I, I, I, I'm, I'm a fire. I'm gonna say, uh, more energy, Okay?

Uh, I'll say, uh, pride that the people you care about look at you with more respe, more respect, Okay? Because People respect you. Uh, longer lifespan, Okay? Less medical bills. Okay?

Um, less missed work, Okay? Better romantic life, okay? Uh, uh, e ease, less stress and more ease with your wardrobes that you're not always fluctuating in weight. Okay? Um, lemme see.

Oh man, I stalled out quicker than I thought. Um, less injuries, physical injuries, more increased ability to do, uh, do adventurous or fun activities that you otherwise might be limited to by carrying extra weight. Okay? Uh, greater productivity. Okay.

Um, Michael, Teddy. Teddy anymore. Well, you guys can just shout 'em out. Yeah. Okay.

Um, improved heart health, uh, better blood sugar control, enhanced mobility. Um, better sleep. Michael, Did you, did you Google this? Are you using chat? G B T over there?

Wait, wait, wait. You're using This? We talk about the niche all the time, Okay? Uh, right. And so, fair enough.

That's true, right? And so, right? Like, and, and I think we, we can stop. We, we could go on, you could go, right? Like you could certainly go deeper.

You could write easier on your digestive system. Like there's so many different things that we could, we could really get, we could really get into, we could go, right? We can go deeper. We could go deeper on the emotional benefits. Teddy tapped into the, um, the, the self-confidence, right?

We could go deeper there. We could dimensionalize there. Michael went into, you know, cardiovascular health. He went into blood sugar. And so here is, and this should really help to solidify this in your minds and show you how I think about this.

So why don't we, right? That's a benefit. Improved cardiovascular function or improved, um, blood sugar, less insulin resistance. Um, right? Any one of those take, take, you know, lower blood sugar, take less insulin resistance or take, let's take better cardiovascular health.

Well, why isn't better cardiovascular health? Why don't we take better cardiovascular health and make that the primary promise, the core focus of what it is that our, our marketing message is all about? Why don't we do that? For the majority of people, the majority of campaigns related to weight loss, why don't we choose that benefit? It's, it's not deep enough.

People don't say that that's what they want. I don't think it's a, it, it's a matter of not deep enough. It's just not the primary thing that gets people excited and motivated. That's the, that, yeah. I mean, that's, that's the answer, right?

That's the answer. It's not the primary driver. It's not the primary reason why people are choosing the, the masses are choosing a weight loss program. Now, look, if we were targeting people that, let's say, um, let's say had cardiovascular issues, maybe, you know, their doctor told them they're, uh, you know, uh, on, on the verge of having a heart attack, maybe God forbid they just had a heart attack, and now they're trying to decide what to, what to do with themselves, that's totally different, right? That's a different situ situation because what their, their primary driver for wanting to lose weight, let's say, is different than the typical average individual who wants to lose weight.

And so, I like what Damien said, for me, it's what is the primary driver? What is the thing that they are ultimately thinking about in terms of what they want? What's the outcome that they care most about? Do they care most about improved cardiovascular function? Do they care most about lower blood sugar?

Do they care most about not being as insulin resistant? Do they care most about, you know, um, whatever, having more energy or do they care most about, you know, um, looking attractive, you know, uh, looking and feeling attractive again, right? What is it that they care most about? And for me, ultimately, where this comes from, and this is what it all boils down to, this is really the whole, this is my whole kind of thinking as it relates to the primary promise is for me, right? It really begins with what problem are we solving, right?

We've, we've always talked about that, right? That every product right, is ultimately a solution. We're selling solutions. We're not selling products, we're selling solutions, right? Well, in order to sell a solution, there needs to be a problem, right?

We've talked about that problem being a pain point. We've talked about that problem potentially being an unfulfilled desire. It could either be a pain point or it can be an unfulfilled desire. And we're selling a solution to that. We're selling a solution to alleviate the pain.

We're selling a solution to give them that, uh, um, uh, unfulfilled desire, make it a fulfilled desire for them. And so, where the primary promise for me is driven from is what is the answer to that problem? What is the, the opposite of that problem, right? What is the thing that they ultimately, right? Right now I am dealing with x I want to have lm n op, that lm n op is what becomes the primary promise for me.

It doesn't mean that we don't touch on the other benefits throughout the, um, copy, right? Like, ultimately, look, ultimately a primary promise is a benefit statement. It is a claim of benefit, but it's the overarching driver, the thing that they ultimately want. Everything else to me like that we mentioned with weight loss, let's just say, um, are these ancillary benefits, right? They're ancillary, they're additional benefits, they're additional ways that this adds value to your life, but they're not the primary driver of what this individual wants, right?

They're not ultimately like, right? They're not, ultimately, they don't want more energy. That's not ultimately what they want. They'll take it, and that's a good thing, and it's a positive and it adds value, but that's not the main driver of why they would consider purchasing. Does that make sense?

Yeah. But, but, but I got a couple things. Um, sure. So I think, I think where I get hung up on the primary promise is where it ends up sounding like the most generic of all the claims at times, right? So take the weight loss example, right?

It's like, look and feel your best and live your, live your longest life, right? Like, maybe, maybe that's Problem. Well, let me jump in. Hang on, hang on one second. So, so I would say, and Michael really would, would jump on this and pounce on this.

I would say that that's not a primary promise, because a primary promise is, it is specific, right? It it it's specific and it's measurable. Yeah. Okay. And so, right, so it's specific and measurable.

So now we have to take the driver, the main driver, and now we have to be able to promise a result that is specific and measurable. So like, you'll look your best. That's not specific, and that's not measurable. I have no way of measuring, right? And so it still has to be specific and measurable.

The way, the way that you could really think about it, if you really wanna simplify it, is think about this. All of our benefit statements, ideally in a, in a perfect world, all of our benefit statements really should be specific and measurable, specific concrete language, measurable, right? Not these vague general statements. The benefit statement that addresses their primary driver, their primary reason for taking action ultimately then becomes the primary promise. And would you say that the primary driver, and this is where my Enneagram stuff comes up, right?

Like, should the primary driver be driven by their, what their personality type most wants? If you know their personality type, Such as what? Gimme an example. So for example, for, for the lose weight thing, right? Like an Enneagram one would wanna lose weight because it's the right thing to do, and being overweight is wrong, versus an Enneagram three would wanna lose weight because they wanna look and feel successful.

Versus an Enneagram six would wanna lose weight primarily because they don't wanna worry about all the things that could happen if they're unhealthy, right? Those are Well, So yeah. So yeah. So look, I think I would answer that question, uh, uh, you know, simplifying a little bit. I would say, Teddy, if you, if you're talking to an audience and you know that they're the, they're, they're, they wanna lose weight, and the primary reason why they wanna lose weight is because they believe that it's the right thing to do.

Um, whatever that, whatever that means, then of course, I'm gonna match my message to what that, that audience, the, the market wants, right? And so, sure, the more that we can know about their reason why, why is losing weight important to them, right? I, I think that first you've got this. Look, look, and, and let me just take a step back again, I mentioned at the beginning, I think I might've mentioned this, right, when Damien was jumping on, that the reason why I decided to talk about this today was because when Damien mentioned, um, last week, what about the idea of continuing education credits? Why isn't that, why did I choose not to make that a focus?

Why was it just another benefit on, um, on the, the, the marketing and sales page, right? And so, at a higher level, just a big broad level, I'm gonna identify the primary outcome that they, that they want. What is the primary result that they want? What's the primary outcome transformation result that is more important to them, more compelling to them, more appealing to them than any of the others? Based on what I know about the marketplace, based on our examination and research, what is the main outcome?

Let's say again, with a weight loss program, right? We would say that for the masses, it's not improved energy, right? It's not improved cardiovascular function. So just as, right? So just for, for example, so I'm not gonna take improved cardiovascular function, make it specific and measurable, and then use it as the primary promise, because that's not the primary driver of the masses.

That could be the primary driver for people, like I said, that experience or are experiencing cardiovascular issues, heart attack, all that, but not for the, the, um, the, uh, the masses. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna look at the primary, uh, I'm gonna look at the, the primary driver, the primary outcome, like, I think it was Damien said earlier, and that's gonna become the primary promise when I make it specific and measurable. Now, if I know enough about my audience to know that this audience is driven to lose weight, the primary outcome result because they believe that it's right, then yes, I'm going to use that in the copy. I'm going to use that as part of the, um, the appeal, the, the hook. I'm gonna write the, an expanded part of the benefit of, um, of lose weight.

But the point that I'm trying to make here and now is that losing weight, weight loss, getting into, you know, good shape, whatev, any kind of form of that is gonna become the primary promise. Got it. Makes sense. Okay. And so, does anybody else have anything that they would chime in on in terms of maybe the way that you approach the primary promise or a question about it?

I think that this is important because, right, like number one, I think that, look, I, I think to echo again, what Clayton said, I think that man, we could spend a lot of time unpacking all of the benefits, uh, that somebody can experience with weight loss. We can also unpack a ton of benefits from the, the deliverables, right? Of if we offer recordings, well, why are we offering recordings? What does it do for somebody to have recordings? If we offer a cheat sheet, why are we offering a cheat sheet?

What does it do for somebody? So we can have all these benefits with the, um, with the, um, the offer itself and all the deliverables. But the key is that you need one overarching primary promise. You need one overarching result. You need one overarching outcome.

And that one outcome that you focus doesn't mean that it's the only outcome. It doesn't mean it's the only benefit statement. It's the one benefit statement that becomes the primary promise. That one overarching transformation that we want to, um, that we wanna lead with. Of course, like Teddy said, sometimes that changes based on the audience, based on who you're targeting, right?

So you can sell weight loss for cardiovascular improvement to people that care most about that. You can sell weight loss to people that, uh, for lowered blood sugar or less insulin resistance for people that that's their primary driver, if that's their primary driver. This is why, guys, it's so important that we know the market. It's so important that we understand what makes the, the, the, the, the, the, the market tick how they think, how they feel, right? It's so important that we keep our finger on the pulse of the, um, of the market.

And it's so important that, excuse me, that we start with the market and not the product, because there is not one primary promise that, uh, um, should be used at all times for any given product, because that primary promise is more about the audience than it is the product. It's more about what the audience cares about, what the Audi, what the audience is driven by than it is the product. Does that make sense? Yeah. And, and in terms of process are like, in terms of process, are you itemizing all the benefits first, like we sort of did, and then choosing one of those as the promise?

Or are you starting with the promise and then unpacking all the benefits of that promise? Usually what I do, um, and so there was a, a long period of time where I used to start with all the benefit statements, like all the benefits of like, what's all the, all the, uh, you know, all the benefits of this. But I found for me that it's easier when I start with the problem, right? Like, and we've talked about this before. What is the problem that this individual is having that we are solving?

What does the problem look like right now to them? What are they experiencing right now that they don't wanna be experiencing? Right? And we talked about, um, many, many trainings ago, and we've talked about it a few times. We've talked about the difference between the root cause of the problem and the, the symptoms, right?

Like, what are they dealing with, what are they seeing, what are they experiencing, excuse me, that they no longer, excuse me, wanna be dealing with blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then what, what is the, the problem solved look like? So, okay, so right, what does the problem solved look like for the prospect, right? So, right. If they could wave a magic wand and be that, that problem is gone, they don't have that problem anymore.

Well, now what does life look like? And now what are they experiencing now? What are they seeing? What are they feeling? What are they hearing?

What are they getting? What are they not dealing with anymore? What does that look like? And from that, I pull out the primary promise, and then once I have the primary promise, then for me, it's easy to come up with all of the sub benefits of what that, what that primary promise will also deliver. Got it.

Michael, anything that you would add to this since you do this a ton with clients? Yeah, that's a good approach, what you just described. My biggest problem, I think, with clients is a lot of times they think they know what the prospects really want, what their big, uh, you know, and a lot of times I don't agree, but it's their business, and you, you know, supposedly they know it better than I do. But yeah, I would tell's A that's a challenge For what it's worth, Michael, I would say, um, I would say, you know, as I've said this many times, right? You know your business better than I do, but I need you to know that I, if I was a betting man, I would bet that that's not the reason, or that's not the thing that they care about.

I would bet that it is X. Yeah. And so what I would encourage you to do, Mr. You know, or Mrs. Student, is I would encourage you to dig a little bit deeper, um, on this, because my gut tells me that it's lm, n o p and not, and not X, y, Z.

Yeah. I, I, I think, you know, for, for what it's worth, this is an interesting thing, you know, and Teddy, this may, this may, this may be helpful or this may not be helpful, but you know, there's this, there's this, this hangup that a lot of people have when they, they say things like, well, how do I know what, um, how do I know what the prospect wants? How, how do I know what they want? Right? Like the, the, there's writer.

How do I know what the primary promise should be? How do I know what the, um, and I want, I'm gonna give you the answer to this, or a, or a perspective on this in a second, but I'm curious, I wanna ask you guys this, this oddball question. It's, this is not related to marketing, but it's related a bit to this context, um, here and now. What's the difference between knowing something and believing something? Well, I, I would say if you know something, you've seen proof somehow, Okay, Seen evidence, maybe it's empirical, maybe it's scientific or maybe it's whatever, but you, you have, you have something in your mental model that's backed by data, some kind of data, I would say When you know something, Yeah.

When you know something, correct. Okay. Okay. Teddy, what would you say? How would you answer that?

What's the difference between, um, believing something and knowing something? Is there a difference? I, I think Michael's right? Like, you know, like, like I sort of, I sort of believe that aliens exist and, and UFOs exist, but if I actually saw one, I would a hundred percent know, right? Like, right, Right.

So you, I mean, and I think that you're both right, right? To me, right? You know, and it's a philosophical kind of question. And, but you know, you know, when you know something, right? You, you know the truth, right?

Just 'cause somebody believes something doesn't mean that it's the truth, right? We see that all the time when it comes to politics and Right. Just 'cause you believe something doesn't mean that it's the truth. There's a difference between believing something and knowing something. When you know something.

I would say that you know the truth, and when you believe something, you believe that it's the truth. It doesn't mean that it's the truth, right? And so I think that I, I, I share that because I don't know, like I don't, I I think what people are looking for is this, this definitive, this is, this is the primary promise that you should use. And I think that ultimately we're never going to get to that point of, of definitive fact. Like with, with when, when we choose, you've gotta look for as much evidence as you possibly can, and then you make a calculated decision.

That's all it is, right? It's a calculated decision. When people say like, how do I, you know, how do I know what the right offer is? The right answer to that is you don't, right? You don't, and you won't.

There is no such thing, like there is no right? Like, you, you, you're looking for this definitive truth that you have to, right? Here's the evidence or the support, or the reasons why I believe this is the, the right offer to go with, or this is the right primary promise to, to, to go with. And then you go with it. And of course, in marketing, we let data determine, right?

Like, does it do well or not? But even when we choose, let's say, an offer, and it does well, does that definitively mean that it was the best offer that we could choose? Maybe something else could have done better? I, I, I don't know. And so my point is, I think that we want our students, and I want you guys to be very careful that you're like, yeah, all you're, you're, you're never going to be at a point where one is conclusively definitively like the truth.

This is the primary promise that you, you should go with. This is, I believe this is the primary promise because of X, Y, Z, I believe that this is gonna be the most powerful offer because of X, Y, Z. And so at some point, you have to just make a decision, right? Like at some point you have to make a decision amongst all options. Does that make sense?

Uh, absolutely. Yeah. Teddy, does that help or hurt? No. It, look, I believe, but I don't know that this is one of the things that AI unlocks, right?

The, the ability for it to, to mo the ability to move from static offers to dynamic offers based on who it is you're talking to individually, is where I think this gets unlocked, right? 'cause again, like if I know why somebody, what problems they're having, what solutions they've tried, why they wanna solve this, and hint about their personality type, then yeah, I can craft a promise on the fly that is very specific to that person. Yeah. And I think I will say this, when, you know, as soon as AI is able to, which, uh, we know that it's, it's coming at some point, right? As soon as AI is able to, um, craft dynamic marketing messages on the fly based on, you know, real time data that it knows about each individual visitor, yeah, the, the, the quicker the, the higher conversion rates are gonna go, because we can match exactly what each person wants.

That's why, look, that's why one-on-one selling, right, will is, is always more powerful than one to many in terms of closing rate, right? That's why you can, because you can match what needs to be said to what the prospect, the specific prospect in front of you cares most about. When we can do that on a large scale in real time dynamically based on whether it's based on personality type, based on past experience, based on individual beliefs, based on, you know, everything and, and everything else we know about psychology and persuasion, um, yeah, of course we're gonna see, um, conversion rates shoot through the roof. That's our, our aim is always to get at this. This is why, for what it's worth, just going down a little rabbit hole.

This is why we always, we, we, we, we've talked about this for so long with students and clients, this is why the wider they go in their targeting, the harder it becomes to convert really well targeting. Meaning when they're talking to a wide, diverse, large audience of older people, young people, men, women, you know, when they're talking to people that care about X, these people care about y these people are driven by l, these people are driven by o It becomes extremely difficult to convert at a, at, um, at a, at a high, you know, a, a high conversion rate. The narrower you are in your audience, uh, the easier it is to convert. Because the more we can whoop, the more we can match our message to what these people care about most. When AI can do that in mass in real time, yeah, then it's a game changer.

And so, make sense? All good, All good. Think about the thing that I wanna leave you guys with is, right, really focusing on what's the ultimate outcome? What's the ultimate driver? What's the thing that they, when they think about solving this problem, what, what do they say?

What do they talk about? What do they describe? What are they ultimately looking for, right? When somebody is, I, I, I wanna lose weight because I want x, y, are they saying because I want better cardiovascular health, right? Like, is that what they're saying?

Are they saying, I, because I wanna lose weight, right? What I care, I just wanna bring my blood sugar down, or I just wanna be less insulin resistant. Is that what they're saying? Right? 'cause if that is what the majority was saying, then that's what would become our primary promise.

But if that's not what the masses that, uh, in the audience are saying who we're targeting, then that's not gonna be the primary promise. And so you can still have it, right? This is why sometimes people will, they will have a benefit statement in their deck, copy in their headline, and it'll still miss the mark because it's not the core driver, it's not the main thing that the audience caress about. It's valuable, but it's not the main thing that drives them to purchase. And so, there you go.

That's it for today. You guys are outta here. Appreciate you jumping on. Have an amazing day, guys. Thanks.
