---
title: "cc_ 2024-01-30"
date: 2024-01-30
duration: 42m
duration_seconds: 2520
vimeo_id: 907962710
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-01-30

**Date:** 2024-01-30 | **Duration:** 42m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

So, uh, we are back for another, uh, marketing training. Uh, and I'm actually, I was actually looking forward to this one, uh, because I decided on the topic after last week's, uh, top one experience. So we had a, a destination experience for this past top one. So we were in Puerto Rico together, and we had some really deep, uh, deep discussions. We, we really dove deep into, um, people's businesses.

This was actually, it was a neat top one experience. Uh, and, and I'll tell you, you know, what we're gonna talk about in just a second. Uh, but it was a really neat top one experience for me because it brought me back to the roots of top one where we really did a true, a true mastermind. And what I mean by that is that for the majority of three days, the group just worked on each member's business for the better part of an hour each and just one at a time. We were hot seating businesses one at a time.

What we did was we did, we did things a little bit differently in that prior to, uh, the experience, I wanted, uh, members to get prepared. And so I let them know that the hot seat wasn't gonna be a general hot seat. Hang on one second. I gotta let my dog into the office sometimes. The little things guys, the little things, uh, um, this is the, the, I, I think I've told you guys before.

So over my right shoulder here is the bed for the pit bull. And over my left shoulder over there is the little bed for the, um, I don't know what she is, like a miniature pincher mix. Needless to say, she's the terror who terrorizes the pit bull. And so he's a baby. He stands at the door if it's not open enough.

The door was open three quarters of the way, but he didn't wanna come in until it was opened the whole way. And so, nevertheless, um, so what, what I did for, with top one was we, the hot seat was on one specific topic, and it was, what, what was the number one constraint or what do you feel? This was the question that I posed to top one members. What was the number one constraint that you feel held your business back in 2023 from growing more? And I didn't wanna get super specific into, you know, growing by an extra half million, growing by a million, growing by revenue, growing by profit.

It was really, what do you feel was the number one constraint in your business in 2023? And what I did was, at the very beginning of the top one experience, I gave a keynote presentation on how to think about, um, how to think about and properly identify the constraint in your business and how I go about that process, like the process that I use with, with clients. Um, and for each of you, um, on here, I would say just reach out to Glenda and make sure that when it's ready, you get a copy of that video, of that presentation and watch it, because I think that you'll find it really insightful to kind of, um, you know, a spoiler. You know, I bring everything back to the marketing foundations meaning, and I'm gonna go off on a tangent for one second right now, um, by the way, let me, let me take a step back, give a disclaimer for this call right now. So, coming back from, uh, top one, I got slammed with either, uh, uh, the flu or really what I think is just a wicked head cold.

And so, uh, I'm on a little sinus medication, and so if I go off on 70 different tangents, uh, you know why I blame it fully on the, on the sinus medication. Um, but, uh, so just to dive in a, a little bit on the, on the, on the process. So I always, I bring everything back to the marketing foundations and what I explained in this, I'll give you the shortcut version of this, of this video. I explain that, you know, look, number one is it, it starts with what did Jay Abraham say are the three ways to grow any business? And by the way, the interesting part of this is, this has nothing to do with today's topic, like we're gonna get into today's topic, but what, what did Jay Abraham say was the three ways to grow a business?

Do you guys remember? Do you remember? I mean, Jay was the guy who just articulated it very clearly. It's not like Jay invented this, but what did Jay say? Michael, you were about to say something.

Yeah. You said sell more to your existing customers. So that was one, right? Oh, okay. So, you know, so that was one of the things, okay, Jay, Jay said, right, you know, basically he said, you know, uh, get more customers.

Yeah, right? Um, get customers to spend more money per transaction and get customers to participate in more transactions, right? Like tho those are the three things that Jay said. The three, the the only three ways to grow a business, get more customers, get your customers to spend more money with you per transaction, and get more, get customers to, to participate in more transactions. And so now, underneath those, right under now, right?

Like, and I bring everything back to that and I go one level deeper. So what, what are the things that support getting more customers, getting customers to spend more money with you per transaction, getting customers to, you know, to, to participate in more transactions, right? It's, you know, look, it's, are you getting, are are, you know, are you getting enough traffic? If you're using two step, if you're using a lead gen process, are you getting enough leads? Are you getting enough customers?

Right? Are you, uh, generating enough backend sales, right? And, uh, the, the, the other one, the oddball one is, are you generating, um, revenue at a proper margin? But it always goes back to, right, are you getting enough traffic? Are you getting enough leads?

Are you getting enough customers? And are you selling, you know, are you generating enough backend sales? And what I explained was how, when I ask, when I speak to clients, and you may, you may find this, um, often as well, um, in client consultations and whatnot, that when I'll ask, what was your biggest constraint? That often I hear things like, and let me actually see if I could bring up one second. Let me see here.

This was the slide that I'm gonna share my screen. This was the slide that I showed of the reasons that I, I often hear from people. You guys can see this, right? Um, lack of focus, lack of focus, missing SOPs, lack of bandwidth, poor time management. I don't know how to use paid media.

I've got weak copy. I think our ads were, you know, were crappy. Too many distractions for me. Ineffective marketing campaigns, missing team members, lots of business fires, lack of direction, strategy. These are the kind of responses that I typically get or typically hear when it comes to why I didn't grow more.

I didn't grow more because of a lack of bandwidth. But the reality is, is that these things don't get to the core of the issue. You're, you're not growing because of, let's say, a lack of the, the reason why you didn't grow more has nothing to do with a lack of bandwidth, or let's say lack of focus, right? Or missing SOPs, right? Like, uh, lack of bandwidth is not the, the, the contributing factor for lack of growth, lack of bandwidth might be stopping you from getting more traffic or the traffic that you need.

It might be stopping you from, uh, from getting the customers that you need because you can't create the right marketing campaigns, right? The right front end, you know, offers. Um, right? Like none of these things are the cause, right? Your business, your business doesn't remain stagnant because of missing SOPs.

Missing SOPs might contribute to not enough traffic, not enough customers, not enough leads, not enough backend sales, right? Not enough new, new buyer sales. And so this is what, um, this is, this is part of the process. And I led them through the process of how I go from this to ultimately through a series of, uh, uh, a couple of different types of questions or question models to identify what is the, what is the, the root cause? Like, what is the real issue?

And I'm always tying the issue back to, I always wanna know, is it a lack of traffic? Is it a lack of, um, uh, leads? Is it a lack of new buyers, or is it a lack of backend sales? Or is it a combination of those, right? And then if it's a, if it's some combination of those, we usually work from the top down.

Now, if it's of course, and again, you go through this presentation, uh, of course if it is, let's say a lack of traffic, then the next question part of the process is, well, why? In other words, why is it a, why is a lack of traffic? Like, why aren't you getting enough traffic? Is it because, uh, you don't have the cash? Is it because you don't know how to use paid media?

Is it because you're only using one, one platform? Is it because you're relying on organic and not paid, right? Is it because the cost per media, the cost for, for media is too expensive for the economics currently in your business? In other words, the pricing in your business? So then we have to identify what is the cause of that issue and then deal with it.

But this is what I led them through to help them get an understanding of how to identify the constraint. And then what we did was we spent the rest of our masterminding time together with the group, uh, addressing this one at a time for each person. So each person would share what they felt was their constraint. We kind of, you know, uh, attempted to confirm collectively, uh, why they felt that was the strain, uh, the constraint, and if it was, you know, if they've identified it accurately. And then collectively, we, we, we focused on eliminating that constraint from their business in 2024.

The aim was to take the constraint that held them back in 2023 and make sure that it was no longer a constraint, and it no longer held them back in 2024. And one of the things that continually came up was the, of course was front end and backend, right? Of, of course was front end and backend, which, you know, you could really say that, that that is the whole business, right? From a marketing perspective, front end acquiring, acquiring buyers, and, um, and then selling to those buyers more and more and more. And a kind of a question came up, or a, a topic came up, and this is what I wanna talk about.

And, uh, the topic came up in, in, in some form or fashion of, well, let me, let me back up and rephrase this to better paint the context. It really wasn't, the issue came up repeatedly that people had a, a backend and were struggling to make the front end work. They had a backend and they were struggling to make the front end work, okay? So, right. They, they had a backend, you know, they had a, a, you know, a higher ticket program of some sort.

And you don't, you know, a backend doesn't need to be a higher ticket program, right? Like, for, just, just to clear the air, I think it's important to understand that not every backend has to be, or not, you know, backend products aren't backends because of price point. In other words, what a lot of people mistakenly think is that, you know, uh, a $5,000 product is a backend, and a $49 product is a front end. Well, you could have a backend filled with $49 products. I used to have a business, the very first business that I was, was in, had about, at, at the peak, had about 15 products in the product suite.

And they were mainly, I think we had one product that was 300, and the rest were, you know, somewhere between 49 and $69. And it was amazing because people purchased, you know, and every product mentioned, you know, another product. And so it became this, this giant web, you know, people learn, you know, got this product, and then they learned about this product, and they bought this product, and then they learned about these two, and they bought those two. And before, you know, it, their lifetime value was just growing and growing and growing as they were purchasing these 49 and 69 and, and $79 products. And it was, it was great.

And so, you know, the funny thing with that business was that the $300 product was the front end and the 49 and $69 products were really the products that, um, that I backended. And it wasn't, there was no, you know, I didn't know any that I didn't know any better at the time. Like, I didn't know front end backend. I didn't know any of that in the, in the beginning. It just happened, it just worked out that way.

The $300 product was the first one that I created, and the, and the rest were subsequent products. But the, the, the back end can, can be products priced along the same exact price point. And so you can also have an expensive front end. And so it's not based on, on price point, it's based on where and when you're gonna, you're gonna sell it to the, the, um, the prospect or the buyer, right? Where in your, where in their, in their journey with you, are you gonna sell it to them.

If it's the second thing or the third thing, or the fourth thing, or the fifth thing, right? Then we know that it's the, it's ultimately the, um, the back end. But this issue continue to arise where people had a backend and what they were struggling with was a front end. And so, an interesting question arose from this discussion, and I wanna pose it to you before I give you the answer or my answer. Okay?

And, uh, as always, with marketing, there are a number of different ways to skin a cat. And likely if you lined up a handful of people, you would, you could get a variety of different answers here. I I think you would get more answers, siding with me from knowledgeable marketers, but you would get different answers here. And so the question is, does, do you start with the back end and then work on the front end? Or do you start with the front end and then work on the back end?

And I don't mean in the business. I mean, does the backend product, or should the backend product ultimately drive what you create on the front end or for the front end? Or should the front end and the results that you get on the front end ultimately drive what you create on the back end? Does that make sense? Does that question make sense for both of you guys?

Yeah. And so I would love to hear, you know, I'd love to hear from you guys first if there's any comments that you might have or any, anything, any discussions that you've had or heard from other people about this. And or if you just wanna give the answer or what you think is the answer, um, you can, you know, you can roll that way as well. And so, Michael, why don't we start with you and then we'll go to Adida. Well, you know, I, I think it depends if, if you, if you have a business that, or you have a service or a product that is already helping people, that is proven, you, you know what I mean?

That Yeah. Uh, you know, like, I don't know if you're a Juujitsu teacher or something, I, I don't know, like you, you already know what the back end is, you know what I mean? So then it's just, if you don't have a front end, you don't have a business, really. Yeah. So then I think the front end is what you should be focused on, you know, and it's sometimes you just know what the back end is, right?

Yeah. Yeah. I think that's a great point. You know, as always, you know, um, and, and let me, you know, let me, let me state it because I think, Michael, that, you know, you, you bring up a a really great point. You know, as always, and you've heard me say this a number of times, you know, there's very little, you know, there's, there's very few black and white rules in marketing because context matters.

And so I certainly think, like, look, while, you know, when there are businesses where, uh, like you just said, Michael, where you have, let's say you have a, a, a, a, you know, a backend or a main, uh, a main program, you know, a main product or service, whatever it is, and it's, you know, it's working, you're, you're, you're helping people. Um, right? You, you're starting with something that's already working, right? Uh, and, and so we're not gonna reinvent the entire business. Um, in, in that case, I might also say like, look, if you have a product or, or service, uh, that's already working and you're already helping people, then it's more a matter of adding some gasoline to the fire and figuring out how we can, how we can bring more people in.

Like obviously, if you're already helping people with your thing, then that means that your front end is already working to some capacity. 'cause you are already bringing people in, right? We just have to figure out how to, um, how to scale that. The other thing that I think you said, Michael, is, you know, which I, I think is, is there's validity to it, is that sometimes you do, you, you know, you start a business knowing what you ultimately want the backend to be, right? Like, you know, the business that you want be in, you know, you want be teaching jujitsu or whatever it is to, you know, to kids with, you know, for self-defense or whatever, a competition or whatever it may be.

And so sometimes you know exactly what you want the core of your business to be. Now you do need to figure out, how am I gonna get, how am I gonna get customers in the, um, in the door? And so I think that there's a lot of, um, a lot of wisdom there. Uh, and so adida, what do you think? Well, I think there is no black and white, and I think, well, my preference at least, I want to know what solution I'm bringing into the market and why in terms of completion of the backend.

Very often you complete it when you get clients, you know, based on their feedback, based on what's helping them and, and so on. Okay? But yeah. And for, for which you need the front end, obviously Yes. To bring people into.

Yeah. Okay. Okay. So, you know, look, you both said something, you know, that is important to reiterate for folks listening, right? And, and obviously like, look, and I think that, that this is an important, this is an important distinction for everybody to get.

So in the direct response world, when we talk about front end and backend, front end offers, backend offers, you know, um, it's important to recognize the role of each, the role of the front end and the role of the back end. You know, you, you, you really could say that the business itself, the real business that you're in is the backend, the front end are, are the offers that you are making merely to acquire the maximum number of new buyers or customers or clients, or whatever you want to call it. In other words, the front end, the role that the front end serves is as an acquisition tool. It's not, it's not intended to be a profit generator. It's not intended to be a retention tool.

It's not intended to, to necessarily be the core offer. You know, it's, it's not the core offer that you're, you're looking to build the back of your business on. It's an acquisition tool. It's kind of like when you see, you know, when you see, um, home, uh, security systems, uh, when they advertise and they say, we'll, you know, we'll give you three free months of monitoring, we'll install, you know, all this stuff for you for free, you know, blah, blah, blah. When you sign an annual contract, well, that's a, that's an acqui, right?

And usually there's some blurb at the bottom, like, for new customers only, right? New customers only. That's an acquisition vehicle. That's not the business that they're in. They're not in the business of doing free monitoring.

They're not in the business of doing free installs of, you know, of motion sensors and, and that sort of thing. They're in the back end business. They're in the business of paid monitoring. And so that's an example of an acquisition offer. And the only purpose of that offer out in the marketplace is to get new subscribers to their security monitoring service.

The same thing, you know, you see the same thing with, um, with mobile providers. Like, you know, when Verizon makes an offer or you know, at and t makes an offer, like, and they're like, you know, bring your phone in. You know, you, you, you know, trade your phone in, get a free phone, get a free, you know, I see an offer now, get a free phone, get a free Apple watch, get a free iPad, or whatever it is. All these things, right? Um, because that's, that's not the business that they're in providing free Apple products.

The business that they're in is the monthly service. And so that is an acquisition offer. They're using that offer to get people into their real business, which is that the mobile subscription business. And so the, the point, and those might be extremes, but you, you do, you see those often in a lot of, in a lot of markets. The key to realize is that the front end is just an acquisition tool.

It's not the real business that we're in. It's not the real service that we're providing necessarily. It is just a tool to get the maximum number of, of new buyers, new customers, new new clients into, um, our ecosystem. And in the information publishing, consulting, coaching business, typically, you're, you're, you're, you're using that to bring them into your world to then sell them on your real service, on your real backend, right? So in other words, in the examples that I gave with the home security system and the, you know, the Verizon and at and t, by the nature of taking advantage of their front end offer, you are automatically in their backend.

But in the information publishing, coaching and consulting business, often what you see is you see people will purchase the front end, which allows the info publisher, the coach, or the consultant to identify, um, you know, quality buyers and then market and sell those people on their backend. Does that make sense? So when it comes, and I, I probably should have really specified this, um, more when I originally posed the question, when it comes to, you know, the info publishing, coaching consulting course creator space, especially when people are just getting into the, the, the, the business, the reality is, and I'm gonna show, I'm gonna share my screen 'cause I'm gonna show you, uh, almost word for word what I said to the group here is what I said, uh, to the group. I said, it's a lot easier to create a new backend offer to go with a working frontend offer than it is to create a new frontend offer to go with a working backend offer. Oh, let me say that again, right?

It's a lot easier to create a new backend offer when you have a work. It's a lot easier to create a backend offer that's gonna work when you already have a working front end than it is to create a, a new frontend offer, to get a new front end offer to work when you have a working backend offer. That's why what you very rarely see, you very rarely see, right? And I want you to think about this in your own experience working with clients, you very rarely see people struggle to create a backend offer that works when they have a, a great front end offer that's crushing it. Like it's not that difficult to resell customers, um, on a second purchase.

It's not that difficult. Like I, I don't know if I've ever, or, or at least I can't recall at this moment, working with a client where their biggest issue was they've got a ton of customers coming in and they just can't seem to get those customers to buy anymore. Not in the coaching consulting, info publishing course creator space, because it's easy to use the front end to see what the market wants, to identify what's hot, what's compelling, what's resonating. And then right when you've identified that in the front end, you could create a different version of that on the backend. You could create a deeper version, a bigger version.

This is why you see, what do you see? This is why you see in the, in the info publishing space, what do you see? You'll see somebody that, let's take, let's take a real example. Let's take, um, let's take, Jeff Walker has his book launch or product launch, I think it's called, um, right? It's called Launch, I think, um, his book and it covers, you know, his product launch formula.

I don't know if it covers it in depth, you know, or in excruciating detail. I would have to imagine that it doesn't. Um, but he's got his book, right? He's got, you know, um, his course, he's got his live event, he's got his mastermind, and all of his stuff relatively is about his product launch formula. He's got different ways for people to consume the information at different levels of depth, different levels of intimacy and proximity to him as the expert.

And at different price points. Same thing with, you know, um, Ryan Leve. I remember when Ryan launched, you know, he had his book Ask, and he's got, he had his, you know, he had trainings on that. He had his full blown, um, his full blown coaching program on that he had Ask Live, right? He had these different levels of ultimately teaching the same thing.

And then he had his private, you know, inner circle or mastermind group, whatever, whatever it was related to, um, to that. The point is, is that people consume information in different ways and they'll, they happily pay different amounts for different modes of consumption, different depths and different levels of proximity to the expert. And this is why I can never recall working with a client that was struggling to create a backend offer for a working front end. But this is also why I routinely see people struggle to create a working front end for an existing backend. And the reason is, and this is important, the reason is, and I've always said this and you've heard me say this, and this is worth, you know, contemplating and pondering, is that the front end really allows you to keep your finger on the pulse of the market.

You know, we, we talk about keeping your finger on the pulse of the market in terms of research and paying attention to the market and seeing what's being promoted and what's being talked about and what ideas are out there and what mechanisms are out there, and what offers and price points and guarantees and, and all those things are out there. And those things certainly help you to keep your pulse on the market, but really there is nothing better to give you insight into what deeply resonates with the market than a working front end. And so, right, the front end allows you to truly keep your finger on the pulse of what the market is willing to invest their hard-earned dollars on. And when you see, when you have a front end that takes off, that tells you that that, right, that that's something that you should, um, create a backend for. When you have a front end that doesn't do well, that should also tell you potentially that this is not something that you should go and create an extensive series of backend products on because the front end didn't even resonate with the market.

Does that make sense? Yeah, perfect sense. You know, and, and this is, you know, this is why I said, and this is the only slide that I have for this, but this is why I, I really just said you use response to your front ends to determine what backends to roll out. Now, this is, look, this is, this really has the majority of its application for, you know, information marketers for lack of a better, you know, phrase. And I think that, you know, look, I think the information market, you know, the information marketing is changing because, you know, information is now everywhere, right?

And there was a time when I first started in, in, you know, in, in, in, in, in information marketing where sheer access to information was valuable, and that's what people were ultimately paying for. That's why when I, you know, when I first started, everything was about bulk. You know, people were thrilled when they got, you know, 300 page binders in the mail. And, you know, I remember opening boxes and dumping stuff out, and, you know, having five months worth of information in front of me and being thrilled because this was pre YouTube, this was pre, you know, information. The way that we have, you know, the way that we have it today, today, people don't value information the same way that they did back then, because now we have access to more information than we can consume in multiple lifetimes.

And so the information, you know, marketing universe is changing. However, right? It, it's changing. People will always want information. People, you know, it's just, uh, how you package that information, whether it's, you know, it includes tools and, and, and models and, and frameworks and, and things like that.

But when you are a, you know, when you're a a, a pure information marketer, you really have to recognize that markets change, markets evolve, people evolve. What were hot topics, you know, a year ago, two years ago, sometimes six months ago, may no longer be hot topics anymore, may no longer be interesting, uh, or compelling anymore problems that you were solving a year ago may no longer be problems in your market anymore. And therefore you've gotta pivot. Well, how do you pivot? Do you pivot by creating the backend first and then trying to figure out what front end you're gonna use to sell people?

Or do you create front ends and find the one that generates the response, right? And then say, there you go, I'm gonna build it out from there. And that's really what the biggest direct response publishers, um, will do. I've seen many Agora imprints or divisions come about because of a front end that took off, right? Like a front end that just took off and broke records.

And they were like, there's obviously interest in this. Let's build out the backend rather than take a backend. And now let's figure out how, how do we sell that? It's somewhat akin to starting with the product or starting with the market, right? Like you start with the pro, I've got a product and now I've gotta figure out who to sell it to, right?

We say, that's not the way that you do it, right? Smart direct response market or smart marketers, no, you don't start with the product and then figure out who you're gonna sell it to. You start with the market, you start with markets. You identify a market, you identify what it is that they, they want, what it is that they desperately need solved what it is that they're already looking to spend money on. And then you figure out how do you give them something superior that's demonstrably superior that you can show them, that you can prove to them all that, right?

Well, the same thing with, I, I would say it's, it's, it's very similar, if not the same with front end and back end. It's a lot easier to crank out front ends and to find the one that generates the best response and then use that as the driver for building out the backend. And so that's really all I, I wanted to, to share any comments, any, any feedback, any questions, anything that you guys would add or ask with this? Uh, not really e except, you know, once you do have customers, you can always ask them. Sure.

They want for a backend, right? Sure. You absolutely can. I know that, um, you know, um, Justin Goff, who was at our copy legends, who's, you know, tremendous marketer, email copywriter, I would say copywriter in general, it's one of the things that he does. He, you know, he asks, um, well, I I don't think that it's, it's, um, it is, you know, it's perfect.

Uh, it's not, you know, it's not flawless. It's certainly a way to get some insight into, uh, into what your, you know, what the, what your audience is, is interested in. I think what you have to be careful of is that you don't solely rely on your house file because, um, your house file can, your house file can, let me see how I can explain this. Your house file can shift over time from the main market. Like our house file, for example, is really comprised much more of, I would say, savvier marketers than the average.

So we don't have the general masses on our, on our house file. If we're, if we're okay with understanding purely what the savvier marketers want, then that's cool. If we were looking to really understand what the masses in the general market of marketers want, I wouldn't wanna rely on our house file. And so makes sense. But you, you certainly can.

There's nothing, you know, look, you know, and there's nothing better. There's nothing more reliable for identifying what, what could be a potentially extremely profitable backend than a wildly effective front end because you're seeing the market raise its hand and tell you with money, right? With money, right? And when you see, when you see something take off that tells you when you see something perform really well, that tells you, it's kind of like, you know, another way to really kind of really just think about it is you ultimately let your offers tell you, um, what you should be building out by what you're getting great response to. Even if you really wanted to rely on your house file, or you were just, you were, you know, for those folks that are almost, you know, they, they merely lead generate, uh, they generate leads from organic and stuff like that, and they're mainly relying on emailing or communicating with their, their house file.

Well, when you have an offer that you expose to your house file and it does really well to your house file, that should set off a light bulb moment for you. That right should, should cause you to ask, is there a deeper backend that I can roll out to this for people that already expressed interest, right? Like they already, they already demonstrated interest. This should be a light bulb moment that there's an opportunity here because people spend money on the same information delivered in different formats and do it over and over and over and over. Remember, there are courses, there are coaching programs, there are live, live, uh, events.

There are boot camps right there. There's do it in a day kind of thing. Um, you know, there's one-on-one, there's consulting, there's so many different formats where you can cover the same exact material with people, and people consume information in a variety of different ways. And sometimes, sometimes people will read a book and then say, wow, I really wanna take, you know, I want to take this mini course on this thing and then pay $97 for the mini course and then realize, man, it would be great for me to work side by side with Michael or Adida on this. I'm, I'm definitely down to, you know, pay some coaching.

And then they're so into it and love it, and they wanna learn, they wanna learn more, and they go to, you know, the more advanced live workshop in West Palm Beach, right? Like, people consume information in a variety of different ways. And so to think that, well, I already sold, you know, a training course on this, and so there's nothing else for me to sell on. This is nuts when it comes to the information publishing business. And you let your offers tell you, um, through response what should be built out into deeper and deeper backends.

That's it. Make sense? Yeah, Absolutely. Yeah, it does. You know, and it's so, it's so, you know, it's, it, it really is.

You know, the, the thing for me, I'll, I'll, I'll end with this, and this is definitely worth pondering. And this is definitely not a, again, definitely not a hard and fast rule. And so I want to be careful with this here 'cause there are so many nuances. But when I see a, an entrepreneur in this particular space, you know, coaching, consulting, course creation, info publishing, and they've got a backend and they've got a backend that let's say sold well at one point, and, you know, it's not selling so well anymore, meaning it's not generating a whole lot of buyers anymore, and it's not generating a whole lot of buyers anymore because they're not getting a whole lot of new buyers to feed in there. And they've tried a number of different front ends for that, um, and they haven't been able to make it work.

That's a, that's a red flag for me a little bit. That it may be time, it may be time to sunset that backend, like, right? That's, that's a, you know, that's a, that's an indication to me that something is not right If you know, you're, you're ultimately, you know, if assuming that the front ends are, are congruent with the backend, like that they're addressing, you know, like they're congruent, that's a bit of a red flag for me. And so that, you know, that's why I say that, you know, like, look, backends are typically much deeper, bigger programs. It's much easier to create smaller front ends to identify the response from the market.

And these could be tiny front ends. In other words, you can use $19 reports on a particular topic if you wanted to see the response. And if you see, if you sell a $19 report on a particular topic or solving a particular problem and you see people go wild over it, that's a good indication that there could be a great backend. But when you've got a backend and you're struggling to find a front end that works for that, that's also, uh, a bit of a light bulb moment for me. And it may be time to revisit that backend and possibly, you know, shelve that bad boy.

And so think about it. This is, IM, this is important, you know, it's, it's important stuff. Uh, and so really ponder it. And also just a reminder, make sure you, you know, message Glenda in a few days, uh, so that when she gets the recording, uh, when she gets the recordings from top one, you can see the full presentation that I did on identifying the, um, the constraint in your business. I think that you guys will appreciate it and enjoy it.

And so with that, um, have an amazing day and I will see you guys, um, next week. And Michael, I'll slack you, um, tomorrow we'll figure out a time to chat. Okay? Thanks. Okay, you got it.

Take care guys. Bye.
