---
title: "cc_2023-10-24"
date: 2023-10-24
duration: 31m
duration_seconds: 1877
vimeo_id: 877590289
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-10-24

**Date:** 2023-10-24 | **Duration:** 31m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

There you go. All right. So if anybody joins us late, cool. If not, um, that's a okay. Also, so what we're gonna do today is, um, obviously last week we just came off of an incredible experience.

Something that was a, a, a dream of mine, which I'll share a little bit more detail about in just a second. Uh, uh, and, uh, and I wanna talk a little bit about, uh, two things that came outta that. What I'm talking about is the copy Legends, lock-in. Um, and, uh, in case you guys don't know kind of the details of it, or anybody listening doesn't know the details of it, it was kind of been a, uh, a dream of mine to get the best copywriters in the world together for a day in the same room in our, uh, top one mansion and just talk about in an open forum with no presentations, what is working today in terms of copy, uh, covering all of the different categories of copy. And so we made, as a team, as a company, we made a pretty significant investment to, um, to host this event.

We sent out a direct, we, we, first and foremost, I put together a hand selected list of folks that I wanted to invite folks that, uh, have put up tremendous numbers in terms of sales with their copy, the best of the best on the planet. We've sent out a, a direct mail package to the, to those individuals to make sure that they understood kind of the magnitude of this gathering. The, the, the copy legends, lock-in. There was no cost or anything like that for them. Obviously, we had it catered and fed them.

We were in a gorgeous mansion. The whole nine, we rolled out the red carpet. There was no pitch or anything like that. And so we, without going through the list, um, you know, I'm, I'm talking the, the best of the best on the planet from, in no particular order from, uh, let's see. Peter Kel, who is the VSL producer behind Mindvalley, the guy who is responsible for, uh, many of the top VSLs today.

Um, Chris Ade, uh, who I'm sure you know, the guy who's probably the best at emotional storytelling in in VSLs. Um, my gosh, uh, David Deutsch was there, uh, legendary. A-List copywriter. Uh, let me see, who else, my gosh, I'm drawing a blank here. Um, Sean McIntyre, who is Mark Ford's protege.

Tony Flores, who is, uh, who was Clayton make pieces protege. Tony Flores, actually, if, if any of you have gone through the ultimate, uh, what is it called today, actually, actually today, it's called the Quick Start Copywriting System from Clayton Makepeace. Um, Tony was the one that actually put that together. Um, after working with, um, with Clayton, um, Kim Schwam was there, Pauline, uh, Longden, I think, uh, is how you pronounce her last name was there. Kevin Rogers was there.

Uh, the copywriter behind performance golf company, north of 60 million, um, was there, um, Dan Ferrari, a beast from the Agora world was there. Um, Kyle Milligan was there. I mean, the list, it was amazing. It was an amazing group gathered together for one purpose. And that is to share, to share what's working today.

So, and this is important, it's important to give this context for what it is that we're gonna cover today on this call. Two things that came out of two, two really fantastic tips that are worth kind of sharing with you guys. Among, uh, tons of, of, of just amazing insights that came outta this. We covered everything from research today to big ideas, hooks, angles to leads, how you open up campaigns, and, um, and, um, pattern interrupts. We covered, um, offer creation.

We, uh, and presentation. We covered, uh, you know, the use of long form copy versus VSL copy. We covered, uh, you know, um, we covered short form copy, ad copy, email, like you name it. We covered it specifically what is working today? And the premise, kind of the, the frame that I set for this group was, you know, what is working today?

Even if that is what was working for you six months ago, eight months ago, or 12 months ago. In other words, I wasn't looking for a fancy pants answer. Uh, I was looking for the truth of what is working today in each of these, um, in each of these categories. And that's what we got. And, uh, and so amazing, amazing, amazing, uh, you know, uh, whatever it was, seven, eight hours of just open discussion, some emotional discussions.

Uh, lot of agreement, lot of, uh, I don't wanna say disagreement, but different perspectives. Um, and it was really, truly, um, amazing for me to get the opportunity to host something like that. Now, uh, we, we, we did, we talked extensively about unique mechanisms, which, uh, uh, and again, I didn't steer the conversation in any way other than when it was time to move to the next category. I just moved us to the next category. So I didn't, you know, I didn't move anybody to talk about unique mechanisms or big ideas or, or, you know, any specifics of that.

Uh, I would just move the group to the next. I was really just nothing more than kind of a moderator or facilitator of this. We talked a little bit about unique mechanisms, um, and how those are really engineered. And I'm gonna share, uh, uh, an insight that we've talked a little bit about before. It's a little bit advanced, but I'm gonna share that because I think it's really worth pondering, because the majority, excuse me, of the group was kind of all in agreement on what it is that I'm gonna, I'm gonna share with you.

Before I share that one, I wanna share another insight, um, which came out during the research discussion. So, when we got into research, of course, you know, the majority of the copywriters in the room shared their method, their process today for how they uncover the hot buttons in the marketplace, and how they understand, you know, uh, what the objections concerns are gonna be to the offer. What offers are gonna resonate, what offers aren't gonna resonate. You know, they shared kind of all of their, their methods and, and processes and techniques for, uh, for really understanding the market. But, um, Peter Kel, the gentleman that I mentioned, who's the VSL creator producer for Mindvalley, he shared an interesting take after everybody kind of shared their, their process on how he approaches, uh, the research phase.

And I, I found it insightful. I found it interesting and almost potentially a shortcut. And here's what he said. And then if there's anything that you guys would wanna discuss or add to this, I would love to hear, uh, from you guys. What he said was basically this.

He said he skips kind of, he skips all of that. He doesn't look at really the, um, he doesn't go to the market to understand the market. What he does is he goes to the biggest winners based on spy tools in the market, and he will then reverse engineer the biggest winners to identify what moves the market. So ultimately, he's identifying the emotional triggers and the appeals and the promises, um, and even the offers. And you could even go as far as to say the formatting.

He, he talked about the formatting of pages, campaigns, et cetera. Uh, but he's not doing it by accessing the market. He's doing it by accessing the winners in the market. And I thought that that was really fascinating. He goes to the, the spy tools, which he talked about, and then he identifies the winners, and he looks at the winners.

He reverse en engineers the winners. What he shared based on this technique is that there's always kind of trends and commonalities across the winners in terms of the emotional triggers, the appeals, the angles, um, the, the, the hooks, all the things that we work into our copy. And he then just uses what he finds in the winners to create a, a sort of version of, of that. And that's how he does his research. And I just found that really interesting.

I found that, you know, smart, you know, smart because he's kind of going one step further. He's in essence what you could say, and I don't know if this is the case, but I'm gonna speculate on this, that the winners potentially have done the research right on the marketplace, and then through testing, which we know that, you know, in order to become a big winner, and he's operating in big spaces, right? He's looking for monster, monster scale, uh, that through testing, they've identified the, the what works, and then he just goes and looks at what works, reverse engineers it, and there you go. He's got all the information and insight that he needs. And I just thought that, that, again, I thought that that was really insightful and valuable.

And so anything that you would share or anything that you would ask about that, uh, or that you would add to that adida, it looked like you were nodding your head. Was that something that you've heard talked about before? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I, I heard about it.

I, I've, uh, done something like that to some degree, and it, it is a shortcut, and obviously you need to know that it's really working. Um, but yeah, I agree with that. Yeah, I think that, you know, what's, what's really interesting is there's, there's a couple things with that. So, you know, sometimes, depending on the marketplace that you operate in, there is greater opportunity to do deeper, um, competitive analysis. You know, when, when a, you know, when you're in a market where people are spending millions of dollars a year on media, um, and driving a tremendous amount of traffic, let's say, it's much easier to identify winners than, let's say, ins significantly smaller markets where, uh, a lot of that information is just not accessible to the average entrepreneur.

So, while this is a great technique, like I, I think again, a, a great shortcut when you're operating in larger spaces where there are a lot of savvy direct response marketers investing a lot of money in media. It's not necessarily a technique that you can use with the new entrepreneur who's starting out in a niche or a, a micro niche, a small vertical where there's not nearly as much data, uh, um, available. But, um, cool. What do you think, Michael? Well, uh, you know, that's one third of what you teach, right?

Yeah. Uh, you know, and I, I think I, I mean, I, I think it's pretty brilliant. Um, it's like you say, a a lot of the, the, um, clients we get are in those smaller niches that there isn't a whole lot of direct response marketing, so they have to, you know, have to do the interviews and they have to do the, you know, other kind of research. But Yeah, I, and I, I mean, you're right. I, I would say that the majority of niches, especially many of our, you know, early, um, students learning the E five method, kind of getting into this direct response world, they've gotta go the, you know, the traditional route.

I think they should go the traditional route, excuse me. Um, anyway, because I think that it can only help, uh, learn more about the marketplace, learn more about, you know, consumer psychology, of their audience, all that kind of stuff. But the reality is, right, is that in these bigger spaces, when they end up growing and going into these markets with, you know, a monster, um, you know, total addressable, um, market space, the opportunities to shortcut the research process change in, in Peter's case, I think that, uh, I, I think that it was brilliant. And I, I, I appreciated the way that he was like, I appreciated the way that he just kind of was like, I don't do any of that, man. I'm just, I'm looking, I'm, I'm looking to put together effective marketing.

Therefore, what I wanna see is what is already effective marketing in this space. And because he's in a big space and these people are spending a lot of money, he knows with certainty that they are, um, successful with it because they wouldn't be spending that kind of money on a particular ad or campaign if they weren't making money back. Whereas if that data isn't available in a smaller marketplace, we could think that a campaign is successful, but it's not necessarily successful because we don't have the data to, to back that up. And so, yeah, I just thought that that was really, um, really super smart while it was in, you know, super insightful and helpful to hear everybody else's research process and what they do to really get those emotional triggers. I found that kind of, that, that shortcut and how he was like, I just go right here to the end.

Boom, they're, they're telling me exactly what works. I'm gonna model what works. Um, period. And so I thought that that was really interesting. The second o of the two things that I wanna share, as mentioned, goes to the unique mechanism.

And this topic is a little bit, uh, this is more in depth than the discussion that we just had about the, the, the research method. But the, and we have talked a little bit about this before on rare occasion. The, the interesting thing that I, I, I found that was shared, uh, and I think what was interesting was the volume of the copy legends that use this approach that I'm about to describe, was that they, in their campaigns, they not only leveraged and relied upon a unique mechanism. And I think look for, for many of these copy legends, if not all the copy legends, they're operating in pretty sophisticated markets. And so hence the need and use of a unique mechanism and the reliance on a unique mechanism.

But what they also talked about was that they used a unique mechanism, but they also focused on identifying a new problem that the audience, uh, wasn't aware of. And they positioned the, the unique mechanism as the solution to that new problem. And so, we've talked about this before. I think probably one of the first people that I saw do this was, you know, I, I don't even know, 12, 15 years ago, and it was Rich Sherin. Uh, rich Sherin came out with the Internet Business Manifesto, APDF.

If you Google Internet Business Manifesto, rich Sherin, you'll find the PDF. And what you can see in this, and we have, we've talked about this before, I've talked about this for years because I still so appreciate this, this process, this approach, was that what, you know, everybody at the time was overwhelmed with the amount of tasks that they were supposed to be doing as entrepreneurs, right? On the cover of the internet business manifesto, rich had this you diagram, which whatever it was, you know, you know, 12, 15 years ago, whatever, whatever it was, um, it became this iconic image in the online marketing community because it deeply resonated with folks at the center of the diagram was you, the, the word you, and then surrounded by that was everything from Twitter, you know, all, all these, you know, all these different outsourcing affiliates, email, email, deliverability, text, CRM, segmentation, webpages, all of these things. And folks were overwhelmed with the amount of stuff that they needed to do, and they were looking for a solution to how to get all of those things done. And I want you to understand that, okay, that they were overwhelmed with all the things that they needed to do.

And what they were looking for was a solution to be able to get all those things done. Well, what Rich did was he came along in the internet business manifesto, and he did exactly what these copy legends described. What he did was he ultimately, in so many words, said, the overwhelm fi, trying to figure out, trying to juggle all of these activities is not your real problem. What the real problem is, is underneath that, is that because you are operating as an opportunist, an opportunity seeker, if you will, and not a strategic entrepreneur, you are overwhelmed with all of the, the different tasks that you need to do as an opportunity seeker. He said, what will fix that overwhelm and eliminate that overwhelm is when you switch from being an opportunity seeker to being a strategic entrepreneur.

And so what Rich ultimately did was he created a new problem, or you could make the case, you could say it, that he identified the root cause, the real root cause of their problem, but you, you know, but by identifying the real root cause of the problem, he was introducing a new problem to them. And then, right, ultimately at the end of the internet business manifesto, and at the end of Rich's, uh, marketing campaign, he was the only one at that time that had a solution for how to become a strategic entrepreneur. So his coaching program was all about becoming a strategic entrepreneur, and he introduced unique methods at the time, um, you know, the, uh, what do you call 'em? Not flowcharts, um, I forget what you, what you call 'em, but he introduced these new tools at the time that nobody else had in had had introduced. Um, so what he was doing, he was introducing a new solution, a new type of solution that was solving really ultimately a new type of problem.

So he changed the frame, he changed the problem that they thought they had to a different problem, and then he rolled out a new solution to solve that new problem. And that's what the, um, the majority of copy legends during the unique mechanism discussion talked about, that they are always identifying a new problem, a root ca, the root cause of what the prospect thinks is their problem. And then they are solving that new root cause problem with a unique mechanism. So it's not only unique and superior compared to the other mechanisms, um, by, by how it works, but it's unique and superior really mainly at the foundation, because it's the only one that addresses the real root cause of the problem. And so I, I found that also really insightful to see the volume of copy legends, especially the ones that are operating in these crazy saturated competitive markets, how they are relying on that approach.

And so I wanted to, um, to share that with you guys. And so any questions about that, or anything that you would add to that? I know it's a complex deep, uh, you know, deep concept if you will. Uh, but I, I, uh, you know, you're talking about producing big, big winners, right? Like big winners.

N nobody in that room was, was merely talking about acquiring a thousand customers. You know, these are guys that are talking about, in some cases, acquiring a thousand customers a day. You know? Um, you know, and so we're talking about massive, massive campaigns. And so to see, like I said, the volume of these copy legends that are designing their campaigns around what is the problem that the prospect thinks they have, right?

What is the real root cause or underlying problem, right? Or how can I present the problem in a new way? So it's viewed as a new problem that the other mechanisms can't even solve, right? Almost as a way of saying, and this is, this is what I thought was, was super, super savvy, was that, you know how we say we sometimes use in copy, it's not your fault, right? Like, it's not your fault why you failed in the past, you know?

Um, and I think today sometimes in many markets saying it's not your fault is almost become cliche in copy, but the idea of being able to say the reason why you failed in the past or the reason why these other approaches didn't work is because they're addressing a symptom, not the root cause. And until you address the root cause, right? Um, that problem is going to continue to exist. And then getting that buy-in on the root cause, part of the argument being, uh, demonstrating why this is the real root cause, and then being the only one that's got a solution that, that solves and addresses that root cause. Now, look, uh, that is, you know, easier said than done because, right?

Like the reality is, what I would say is that, um, it, it, you know, you, you can't necessarily do that in every case without lying, right? Um, without lying. And so what I would say is that if you can't truly identify a root cause, a real root cause underneath, then we're gonna use, I would use the unique mechanism in the standard approach. Uh, but if you certainly can identify a real root cause of what's stopping, right? Like if you can show the prospect that what they've been treating, so to speak, is the symptom, and that there's really something underneath that that is causing the symptom that is responsible for the system, and we are the only one with the solution to that real root cause, I think that that makes for a significantly more powerful, um, um, campaign.

And for what it's worth, right? And this is purely subjective, but the reason why I think that it's significantly more powerful to do that is because ultimately if you can demonstrate that what they thought was the problem is not really the problem is just the symptom, and that this thing underneath is the real root cause. Well, now for them not to take action by buying your, by taking advantage of your offer, our offer, they are left trying to figure out how do I solve this real root cause? Like, in other words, they're not gonna go back to just treating the symptom. Once they understand that it's merely a symptom of a deeper underlying problem, right?

In other words, now they've recognized this really is my problem, and now what are my options? So we eliminate lots of options for them. If all the other options are treating the symptom and we're the only one treating the root cause, now we've eliminated in their mind the likelihood that other options are gonna work for them, because we've demonstrated and proven to them that that's just a symptom of a deeper underlying issue. And so I just think that that, that is super, um, you know, super, uh, super compelling, super interesting to me, uh, especially interesting to me that again, the bulk of copy legends agreed to yes, that is the approach that, um, that they use. And so, makes sense.

Totally makes sense. The other thing that I just wanna mention, which kind of piggybacks off of this discussion, and I would really, I would, I would really go as far as to say that, you know, um, like, look, that is a, that is much more about, right? We, we can agree that what we just talked about is much more about message construction, um, and the messaging than it is about a nitty gritty tactic of marketing, right? Like, do you put the, do you put a countdown timer on the page? Do you put the countdown timer on the top of the page, on the bottom of the page, on the right column, on the left column?

Do you put it on the order form? Do you not put it on the order form? Right? That's a much more tactical question. I would say that a good 80 plus percent of what was shared over the seven eight hour day of the copy legends lock-in, it was interesting to me to see how much it, it was about message construction and the flow of the message, and the importance of nailing, let's call it the idea, the hook, the angle, the way the promise is being framed.

Um, the way that objections are being, um, overcome the story or the, the narrative, I should say, the flow in terms of presenting a root cause, presenting a new solution for the root cause. It was really interesting. And, um, and cool for me to see that the majority of what was talked about was that high level. And it wasn't, no, nobody, uh, there were only a tiny number of maybe a half a dozen the entire day breakthroughs, like legit breakthroughs in marketing that came about because of a change in tactic, right? Like a tactical change.

Um, you know, there were definitely, you know, a good, a good half dozen that were, you know, like the format of an upsell page, um, and, and, and some stuff like that. But the majority was me message construction. And so it should be a great reminder to you that, you know, look, AT all the tactics in the world will never overcome a poorly constructed message that's off the mark. And that doesn't deeply resonate. That doesn't present an airtight rock solid argument, even if that argument is in the form of a story, a narrative, right?

They're always presenting an argument, you know, for there's, there's a problem, we've got a unique solution, blah, blah, blah. Uh, like right? A all the tactics in the world will never overcome a poorly constructed message, but a but a properly constructed message, even without all the bells and whistles that most internet marketers talk about, can still produce big, big, big numbers. Many of the copy legends, I, I would really say many of the copy legends, certainly not all, and I I wouldn't even go as far as to say the majority, but many of the copy legends, if you looked at their marketing, their tactical marketing chops or their tactical marketing understanding, um, you wouldn't say they have elite level tactical marketing chops, but yet they've still been able to put up, you know, multiple millions of, of dollars, uh, in many cases for most of these copy legends, I would say well over a hundred million dollars from their individual copy, uh, yet without the understanding of the small little tactical stuff that a lot of marketers focus on. And so, message, message, construction, um, all that is, is, is, is key.

And so anything that you guys would add, anything that you would say, Yeah, just that, uh, love this topic, tactics versus, I'd say principles or understanding the psychology and following that, and also reminded me of that, uh, philosophy where they say, the one who explains the problem the best is perceived as the one who knows, has the best solution. Yeah. Yeah. You're, you're right. Ironically, that was something that, that, um, Sherin used to say years ago he used to talk about, right?

That ultimately, if you can explain their problem to them and the reason for their problem, the cause for their problem better than they can, you achieve a tremendous level of trust in that, in that relationship. Um, and you tend to be the one that they're gonna have solve the problem if you've been able to explain it to them better than they can explain it, and certainly better than anybody else, you know, can explain it. And so, I, I really think that there is, um, that there's value, tremendous value in that. And I think that, you know, I, I love how you, you said, you know, the, the, the difference between like marketing tactics and, you know, principles, if you will, I really have come to, to really believe that the marketing tactics are really the seasoning, right? In a, in a meal, right?

And, you know, if, if you have a terrible, you know, if the, if the base of the meal is shoddy, is not cooked properly, is not put together properly, um, you know, certainly with seasoning you can make something edible, but you're not gonna fix the underlying problems, right? Like with a, with a meal. Um, and so I look at all of those things as tools to optimize a properly constructed message, right at the root, like everything, it's, it's kind of like, you know, the, the, it's building a house. The foundation is essential, right? If the foundation is weak and fragile, it doesn't matter what faucets you use in the master bedroom, your house is built on a weak foundation and it's at risk of collapsing.

And so, right, the foundation is a properly constructed marketing message. And I think that, you know, we, we really, we, we happen to know exactly what that means and exactly what that looks like and exactly what needs to, um, go into that. And so there you go. Cool. Yeah, thanks, pondering.

Now you got two of, probably in my notes, 202 takeaways from, um, copy legends. I'm sure I'll share more with you guys. Maybe, uh, I may do something with my personal notes, um, for you guys. Uh, but uh, there you go. And so have an amazing day.

Ponder it, think about what it is that I said. Alright guys. Thanks. Thanks, Todd. You got it.

Alright, bye-Bye guys.
