---
title: "cc_ 2024-10-01"
date: 2024-10-01
duration: 27m
duration_seconds: 1665
vimeo_id: 1014927940
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-10-01

**Date:** 2024-10-01 | **Duration:** 27m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right, gang. So what I wanna do today, as mentioned in Slack, is I wanna spend a little bit of time talking about the stage five VSL. Uh, I want to unpack, 'cause it's kind of funny 'cause some folks individually messaged me and, uh, regarding some different questions, uh, about the campaign. And so I responded somewhat individually to some people. And so I figured I would just make sure that I cover everything here for you guys.

And I also wanted to give you the opportunity to, um, ask whatever questions it is that you have about, uh, the VSL. My hope is that, uh, I do a good enough job in this little explanation with just a couple of slides in covering all the key elements. And so maybe there'll only be a, uh, a couple of questions. What we're obviously talking about to make sure that everybody is on the same page is this, um, this VSL, this little VSLI think this was probably a little bit longer than my normal VSL. 'cause as we're gonna talk about, there was a little bit of an extended marketing argument a little bit longer than the typical marketing argument.

So I believe this was closer to 20 minutes, if I'm not mistaken, for whatever reason. Typically, my VSLs are probably somewhere between 13 and 15 minutes, um, give or take. But, uh, I wanna cover some key elements in here. So, first of all, has everybody had the chance to see this video? I know Michael, you, you have, yes.

Okay. So the very first thing that I just want to say before I bring up the slides and cover some things for you is that, as I mentioned on our last call, what it is that you guys should have seen was that what I was ultimately kind of talking about in the VSLI was actually doing in the VSL. So this was talking about, right, this kind of stage five copy and the need for stage five copy in more sophisticated markets. And ultimately, there was a very tiny, tiny blurb done intentionally about really what is stage five copy. And stage five copy is a combination of the unique mechanism with a, a, a to keep things real simple with a diagnostic element, right?

So the, the kind of addition to stage four is the diagnosis of the problem. So when we, you know, there's this, we introduce the unique mechanism, right? Uh, the next sta in, in the, the, the, uh, the promise exposure spectrum in terms of marketplace sophistication. There is this introduction of unique mechanism. And then at the next stage, what we're ultimately doing is we're still leveraging a unique mechanism, except now that unique mechanism is coming after a diagnosis of the real root problem, a new problem, a new underlying problem causing all of the, excuse me, the symptoms that prospects are having.

And so, with that as a backdrop, I want to go and I wanna, I'm gonna pull this bad boy up over here, and I wanna talk first about the idea, because this was one of the questions that, um, Paul had asked me, and there was a little bit of confusion in terms of the idea behind this campaign. So, first of all, before I show you this, I'm gonna show you just a quick kind of what I would consider to be the ordinary idea. And then of course, I'm gonna highlight what is the, you know, the bigger idea and then make a crucial point. Before we do that, one of the things that I wanna point out is a, a reminder that I'm always looking for, uh, ideas that are different from what the marketplace has already heard. So you've heard me say this now for years, that, right?

When I think about what is it that the marketplace isn't hearing, what's a different angle, what's a different story, what's a different narrative? What's, you know, how do I come at this from a different approach than what it is that they have heard before? Right? What can I say that they haven't already heard, right? That they haven't already been told it.

You know, can I bring a different perspective to the table? And so what I landed on was this, which is, uh, and don't it, it's not about the words that I used here to articulate the ordinary idea. I just want you to, to get this right, that most markets have moved into stage five of marketplace sophistication. So the type of marketing that they respond to has changed, right? And so, I, right, for me, the very first thing that I want you to understand was that nobody is talking about this move to stage five.

Nobody is talking about the saturation of unique mechanisms now appearing in tons of markets. Remember, there was a time and a place where the unique mechanism, you know, where when I introduced our marketplace to the idea of the unique mechanism, which was a twist on what Eugene Schwartz introduced in breakthrough advertising. And so there was a time when people weren't using unique mechanisms in the online marketing arena. You didn't really see it. It was a rarity, right?

And we've gotten to the point where now a marketplace, like the online marketing arena, business building, even the financial, um, the, the, the financial markets, uh, they, they're inundated with unique mechanisms, right? It's almost like the more, the more sophisticated marketers, not to use the phrase again, but the, the savvier marketers are now using, you know, at least what appear to be unique mechanisms all the time. Whether they're referring to, you know, a legitimate, unique mechanism, a faux mechanism, or just this weird three-step process or this weird, you know, unique four-part framework, they're alluding to, if not explicitly stating some sort of mechanism. And so the marketplace is becoming inundated with mechanisms. And so today, purely or merely having a unique mechanism in a marketplace like that, does nothing like it really, it's almost now expected.

It's what's anticipated. It's what's seen all over the place. And so that to me was like, wow, that is a perfect illustration of what Jean Schwartz talked about when you eventually see this, like, right, it go from no mech, no, no mechanisms to a mechanism to then a unique mechanism or unique mechanisms. Well, what do you do then? When the marketplace is filled with what prospects believe to be unique mechanisms?

Well, that's that next stage of sophistication. And so for me, it was, look, most, most markets, uh, have moved into stage five of marketplace sophistication. So the type of marketing that they respond to or respond well to has changed. It's different from what we used in stage three and stage two, and certainly in stage one, right? And so this was the, the ordinary idea.

And so before I go on, does anybody have any questions about this ordinary idea? Right? And so, look, so now you see a couple things that I just wanna point out that are important for you to grasp. Number one, I wanted to find a perspective, a story, an angle that others weren't already talking about. I didn't see anybody talking about this, so I decided I wanted to talk about it.

Now, this is the ordinary idea, but I felt like, look, if I just merely said, excuse me, you know, your market has moved, if I merely just said, your market has moved into stage five, right? Uh, I felt like for some of the market, the more sophisticated marketers that would just be like, okay, yeah. Like, you know, it's a Jean Schwartz thing, like blah, blah, blah. Yeah. You know, there, there are videos on YouTube about marketplace sophistication.

And so I was like, what's a, a, you know, a bigger, a bigger idea. Uh, I don't think that I came up with any kind of whizzbang big, you know, big idea per se. But I wanted to find just kind of a different, more intriguing, little bit of a mysterious way to articulate this. And, um, kind of doing this somewhat under the gun. 'cause I was, my timeframe was thrown off due to some other work that I, that I had to do.

I really just called it the, the stage five wave, this kind of wave of people moving into stage five. And so I presented it as this rare and monumental shift, uh, in the market, uh, that really should be in, in, um, monumental shift in markets happening right now, uh, oh, excuse me, in marketing happening right now in the majority of online markets. And it is starting to already wreak havoc on marketers, uh, and their offers, their ads, their funnels, their campaigns, all of that. So the, and this is important 'cause this was a question, this is the idea. The idea is not stage five copy, right?

So this, this is an important distinction. The idea behind this campaign, the theme behind this campaign is not stage five copy. Stage five copy in this campaign in the marketing is really the mechanism. The stage five wave is the idea, right? That again, in ordinary language, that the most markets have moved into stage five, stage five because they're in stage five.

The older type of campaigns or campaigns that ultimately were designed to work with stage four and stage three and stage two and stage one no longer work nearly as well with these prospects. Hence why you're continuing to see all of these issues, even when you're changing the headline, even when you're changing the offer, even when you're changing the pricing around. That's the idea. Stage five copy is the mechanism. Make sense?

Straightforward, right? Pretty, pretty simple, pretty straightforward. Now, here is the high level, um, overview of the kind of the, the message, okay? And you're gonna see an addition to just the diagnostic copy here. And I think that this is important.

This is probably, this is the most valuable slide in, I only have one more. This is the most valuable slide, uh, today. And so the high level overview is this, that a change, a change occurs, something happened, a situation, uh, has occurred, that situation now becomes a catalyst. Meaning, right? It's not just a change or it's not just a situation that has happened, it's a change or a situation that has triggered something else.

It has brought about something else. The change that I'm talking about here is markets moving to stage five of marketplace sophistication, because markets have moved into stage five of marketplace sophistication. That change has triggered something else that change has created, or that catalyst created a new problem. And what you can see here is the, uh, and this was presented in the copy, that new problem cannot be resolved with the current solutions, with the current copy and marketing methods that, you know, they're, they're no longer generating adequate response. And so there was a change, that change served as a catalyst in this case that it, it's a catalyst because it brought about a new problem, right?

That new root problem is that right? That, uh, because they're now in stage five, the old methods are no longer working, which by nature creates the need for a new solution. And which that new solution happens to be a unique mechanism. In other words, by the nature of the the new solution, it is a unique mechanism. This is the overview of this entire, of this entire marketing message.

This is the overview, right? That, and this is why, what you can see is you can see that there is the right, the, the, the diagnosis is the second bullet, the creating of this new problem. Um, ultimately in the copy, and I'll show you this, right? Uh, or you probably remember this, I address the fact that this is why, right? This is why the old camp, the, the campaigns that used to work aren't working nearly as well anymore.

And this is why merely updating your ad creative, or updating your headline or changing around your offer isn't fixing that problem. I'm ultimately saying, right, that it, that these issues that you're dealing with, right? The, the, the problem, right? It's, it's a misdiagnosis to assume that it's the wrong type of headline, or that it's the wrong pricing on the offer, or that it's the wrong or not adequate enough ad creative. That's a misdiagnosis.

The real diagnosis is that, um, the, the, that you need a change in your, uh, the structure of your marketing message because they are in stage five. And so because they are in stage five, right? YY that issue will, those issues will never be resolved, merely changing the headline, merely changing the ad, creative, merely changing the offer, it needs something else. So that's the diagnosis part, right? So I'm diagnosing this is why you're having the problems that you are are having, and I'm showing them that something occurred.

I'm not, this is an important little distinction for you. I'm not merely just saying that, Hey, all along what you thought was the problem isn't the problem. I'm saying, look, this, something has changed, right? Something has changed. And because of that change, the problem has changed.

The issue, the cause has changed. There was a time when you could have fixed or tweaked the headline and it would've fixed the problem or tweaked the ad creative and it would've fixed the problem or tweaked the offer and it would've fixed the problem. But because of this catalyst, that's no longer the case. And so this is the issue. And because this is the issue, right?

This is the only solution to that, right? So in other words, right, if somebody accepts this, if somebody accepts the argument, which we're gonna, we're gonna just talk about very briefly on the next slide. If somebody accepts the argument, there is only one solution, there's only one way to fix this, right? And we're the purveyor of that one solution. Does that make sense?

And so this is it, this is the only thing on this slide. So the, the marketing argument. And Michael, I think this is what, what one of the questions that you had asked was that, you know, part of the argument here, and this is where the argument structure is different than the, um, is different than the traditional marketing argument, when we are merely presenting a unique mechanism. And in that case, the marketing argument is all about proving that the unique mechanism is not only different, but at that it's superior to every other option. Here, the marketing argument was grounded in proving first that most markets have gone into stage five.

And that the fact that most markets have gone into stage five, this is the reason for the decline in response to most marketing, right? And therefore, right, the only solution is stage five copy. That's right. The bulk of the argument was proving the catalyst and new problem, and then just presenting the, the, the, the new solution. So whereas the traditional marketing argument when we're only presenting a unique mechanism, and there is no, it's not stage five, it's not diagnostic by nature, right?

Here, there is, we, we have to prove the validity of the diagnosis through an argument. And so that's why the bulk of the bulk of the argument was me really proving that most markets have gone into stage five. And that, because most markets have gone into stage five, if you're still using a stage 4, 3, 2, 1 type of marketing message, of course you're going to have problems. Hence, your market is in stage five, you're still using stage 4, 3, 2, 1 type of copy. Hence you're having all those problems.

And until you implement stage five copy, you will continue to have those problems. That's it. That was the whole thing. The other, the, the, the all of the other, like the little word choice that I used at points, the little things that I did, like where I think, Michael, it was you who pointed out when I said like, you know, I'm gonna prove to you in your own experience, right? Like, are there others that are marketing and selling similar products in your marketplace?

Are there others making similar claims? You know, um, in your marketplace? Are there others using weird three, you know, weird three step solutions in your marketplace? Well, if so, right? Then your market is in, in stage five.

All of that is the, is really to me is the seasoning, because the heart and soul of the campaign is what I shared with you here. All that stuff is the seasoning. All that little stuff could ultimately be tweaked and probably likely in many places improved. We could change some words, change some phrases, but the heart and soul of it is this. And so this is evidence once again, right?

Once again, this is evidence of the value of the underlying idea and the value of the underlying argument being presented, and far less the exact word choice that you're using and the, you know, the wordsmithing and the, the all the different copy phrases and all of that. Does that make sense? Any questions? 'cause if not, that's really all I've all, I've got any questions or thoughts? Nope.

Good. I think if, if, if that's it, I'm good. You know, it is really, you know, like, look, I, I think that, you know, the, the beautiful thing and the thing that I'm gonna be talking about in the upcoming bootcamp is what do you do? And I, I don't wanna get into it here, but I do wanna give a word of encouragement. What do you do?

Like, so let, let me back up. So this was done for a new product, right? So like a new, a new bootcamp, which I'm doing at the start of top one. And, and so not a new product, just a new bootcamp. And so, right, like we've all, I've always said to you, right, that it's, it's much easier and much smarter to come up with the marketing first and then the product and the then start with the product and come up with the marketing, right?

When you start with the product, you've got certain constraints. There's only certain things that you can say and, and promise and, and all that, because the product is, the product is the product. Whereas if you're starting with the marketing, you could come up, you could literally start with the idea, right? Which we've talked about before. I told you that was one of the most valuable, um, kind of insights that I gained from a, a lunch that I had in Baltimore with, um, Joe and the Agora peeps when they said, like, our, most of our biggest winners come from starting with the idea, like, here's an idea that the marketplace would go wild over that nobody else is really talking about.

That would capture massive attention. And then from that, they were able to build the marketing, and then after they built the marketing, they were able to build the product and fulfillment from the, from the marketing. So they went idea marketing than, than product. And so when you're, when you're able to do that, which is an enviable, enviable position to be in, right? You've got almost, you know, free reign, no constraints with the idea and the marketing.

But what do you do when you're starting with an existing product? Well, there is still the ability to leverage this same process. What you need to look at is you need to look at, and I'm gonna give you just a little, little taste. What you need to ultimately look at is, um, what are the different root cause problems that the marketplace could be having, even potential new root cause problems that your product can solve. And then can we find a catalyst that we could link to that?

Can we find something that, where we can make an argument that, that some change, some occurrence, some situation, uh, produced that new problem. And so there is a process that you can go through to still use stage five copy, even when you have an existing product. It's just not as easy as when you're starting from, you know, with a, with a blank canvas. And so, cool. So Todd, I I have a, i I had a question and you might've answered it there, but I was gonna ask, did you start with the root cause problem or did you start with the catalyst?

So I started with the catalyst. So really, this is kind of an interesting thing because this came about more from really me just recognizing how inundated the marketplace is. The, the, the, the online marketing, you know, internet marketing, business building marketplace is with unique mechanisms, right? And really just be realizing like, wow, man, like everybody and their brother now is claiming to have a unique mechanism. While there's a lot of faux mechanisms and right, there's still, there's still people that are claiming they've got a, a unique mechanism, even though they don't have a marketing argument in there.

Just really seeing that and really realizing, wow, like, okay, so that, that's a difference. That's, that's different. It's a different environment today than it was three years ago, four years ago, where there, there wasn't the same quantity of unique mechanisms. And then starting to really kind of process that and think through that, well, what does that mean? And, you know, has, like, what does that link to?

And then making the connection with Jean Schwartz and realizing, wait, okay, so that's just part of the evolution of, you know, marketplace sophistication, or that's one step over on the promise exposure spectrum. And so, okay, wow, nobody's talking about that. Nobody is talking about this, right? Like, you know, it's, it's amazing how, if you really think about, if you really think about a lot of the marketing education that is distributed online, you know, most, they don't address the impact of marketplace sophistication and the evolution of markets. They'll just make the same recommendations over and over and over, like, do this, right?

Oh, you know, without addressing marketplace sophistication. Yet marketplace sophistication is such a huge driver of what you, of what you say. It goes back to John, ironically, one of the things that you and I were talking about, um, earlier, that Michael is part of the, you know, stage one of the E five method, which is understanding the psychology of the marketplace, and part of understanding the psychology of the marketplace is understanding marketplace sophistication and where they're at on the promise exposure spectrum, because it changes their perspective on what they see as new, unique, and different. Like we've talked about so many times before, what was new, unique and different a year ago might be old hat and commonplace today. And so you have to continue to keep your finger on the pulse of that.

So for me, it was this, wow, man, the marketplace is just being inundated with ridiculous, ridiculous stuff. It's not enough anymore to just have the, the appearance of a unique mechanism. And so what does that mean, and what are the implications of that? And oh, wow, that's, you know, that's the stage five gene. Gene Schwartz kind of, okay.

And then, right, what popped into my head was what Donnie had said, uh, and Tony Flores had spoken about, uh, and Donnie and his right hand man will actually be there for the bootcamp. It's funny how things happen that way that, uh, Donnie reached out to me and he was like, you know, uh, you know, I wanna buy two tickets. And I'm like, just come as my guest, dude. Like, I'm not gonna charge this guy who gave me the original insight. Uh, but it, it's funny how that came, right?

Well then, wow, hearing Donnie say that about the golf marketplace, seeing the, you know, the marketplace inundated with unique mechanisms, gene Schwartz, see how these things sometimes come together, right? I always say like, you know, you gotta, you gotta keep your eyes and ears open and look for these connections. That's how it came about. And so then I said to myself, all right, I want to talk about the fact that this is happening, ordinary idea. What is a more extraordinary or more unique idea that nobody else is?

You know, that, that, that would seem completely fresh and different. And that's how I came to the, the, the campaign. And then from there I was like, okay, well then, like when I looked at this really just this, most markets have moved into stage five sophistication. So the type of marketing, uh, that they respond to has changed. Then it was, well, okay, so what is the argument?

What are the blocks that I need to put together? So what do I need to prove, right? And so I need to prove most markets have moved into stage five. I have to start with, right, the importance of marketplace sophistication. And so I lev I decided I'm gonna leverage credibility from Eugene Schwartz, right?

And then I have to prove that they moved into stage five, and then I have to prove that, okay, now that they're in stage five, it requires something different, right? And then I introduced that, that, and so that's how this came together. And so, great question, John. That's my long-winded answer to your brief question. And so, Michael, you good?

Yeah, I'm good. Todd. Okay. Yeah, that's it. You guys can, uh, ponder this.

I think that this is ultimately really, uh, I'll say it again. I really truly believe that this is going to be, um, critical going forward in super competitive, crowded, saturated, sophisticated markets. 'cause it's not gonna be enough to merely have a mechanism when everybody and their brother has a, uh, a mechanism. Now when everybody and their brother is making big, bold, audacious promises, when you know everybody and their brother is trying to string together a whole bunch of benefits, we have to have something a little, a little different, uh, so that the prospect doesn't feel like immediately like, yeah, I've heard it, seen it e right? Like before they even dive into the message.

And I believe that this is gonna be, become that much more valuable, uh, for a lot of marketers. And so, there you go. That's all she wrote for today. Have an amazing week and I'll see you guys next week. Thanks, Todd.

You got it guys.
