---
title: "cc_ 2025-03-18"
date: 2025-03-18
duration: 58m
duration_seconds: 3485
vimeo_id: 1067057866
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2025-03-18

**Date:** 2025-03-18 | **Duration:** 58m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right. So what we're gonna do today is we're gonna actually look at, um, copy that was sent over to me by a client. Uh, and we're gonna talk about, uh, we're gonna, we're gonna do a lot actually, as it relates to this copy. We're gonna talk about, uh, a couple of overall pieces of advice that I gave to the copywriter. Um, a couple of little, like bigger picture stuff, smaller picture stuff, some detailed stuff.

And I would love to hear from you on what you would say needs to be improved. So what we're actually gonna look at is copy that I, it has not been edited or has not been edited by me. And so some of the suggestions that I'm gonna share, uh, that I've already shared with the writer have not been made in here. So we're actually seeing unedited, um, copy. Uh, and so let me do this one second.

Let me get rid of this over here. Let me share my screen. Okay. So you can see my screen here. And I wanna give a little context to, um, to this.

So this right here is the argument portion. So you're not seeing the, the, the headline, you know, the deck copy or the lead or anything like that. You're just seeing the, the argument portion. And so I wanna give context to what is ultimately being done here. So basically what's being done here is that they're talking to tax professionals.

So this could be, um, you know, CPAs, uh, you know, accounting firms, any, anybody that has anything to do with tax and asset protection, uh, and and whatnot. And ultimately, what they are doing, where they're leading these folks, is they are leading folks to, to use a certain marketing model online to get clients. And to give you the idea of what's being presented here, the idea that was being presented was basically that AI there, let me back up. Basically, there is a massive storm coming to the tax and asset, uh, protection industry. Many tax professionals are completely unaware of this, and it is going to wreak havoc on the industry, ultimately, um, eliminating a substantial amount of jobs.

Lot of, lot of little research kind of, um, in there. Like, you know, uh, there was a, uh, a router's report that already some 13,000 tax professional jobs have been eliminated due to ai. Um, and so the different, the, the, the, the, um, should I share this or should I let this, so the, the argument is ultimately that the problem is that AI is eliminating all of these jobs, all these this, blah, blah, blah, specifically with low end tax clients, the ones that are really going to a tax professional to file, you know, to fill out paperwork and file a report. So the folks that maybe spend a few hundred dollars, you know, somewhere under a thousand dollars a year with their tax professional, because very simple, very straightforward kind of tax filing or a paperwork filing. And, um, the idea is that, uh, AI can very easily replace those professionals to do that for, um, for folks, uh, better than just little pieces of software.

And so, what the argument that's being presented here, and just put aside whether you agree with the argument, uh, is that what AI won't eliminate or, or what, what AI won't impact are the higher end, uh, clients that have more complex tax and asset scenarios that warrant a personal touch that really can't be right now, handled well with ai. Like I said, put aside whether your belief in that argument, that is ultimately the, the idea behind the argument, putting, put, being put forth. So, right. So the move is the way that you protect yourself is you need to start to attract these high value clients. And these guys have discovered the single most effective way for inexperienced marketing, inexperienced tax professionals to do that without needing to learn marketing, without needing to run complex marketing, without need to hiring, uh, hire, uh, without the need to hire an agency or do any of that stuff.

And it works very quickly. It's super simple and it's the most effective thing. That's right. And so that's the argument being presented. Make sense?

Okay. So now let's go through, um, and let's just look at this. And so I'm gonna, you can stop me anytime you have a comment to make, and I'm gonna stop when I wanna, when I wanna make a comment. Uh, recently after witnessing the rapid changes happening with ai, I began asking the question, what is the fastest pivot that you can make right now to protect yourself from AI and position your firm for explosive growth over the next 12 months? And after spending countless hours researching and interviewing some of the world's top AI experts, and after consulting dozens of fast-growing tax and asset firms, like blah, blah, blah, and blah, blah, blah, and blah, blah, blah, and many other fast-growing, uh, tax and asset protection firms, I found they were all unknown to each other, consistently making one small pivot.

And that pivot is they're firing all their transactional clients and replacing them with advisory clients. Now, let me stop. The very first comment that I made here was, I said, um, making one small pivot and firing all their transactional clients doesn't, doesn't go together. So to me, firing all their trans transactional clients, um, is, first of all, it's, I wouldn't say it that way because it seems scary. It seems firing is never a positive thing.

Um, it seems like it could be uncomfortable. It seems risky. It's also certainly not one small pivot, right? And so, um, my, one of the first things that I shared was that there's a much more, uh, effective way to say this. Like, you know, that pivot is, you know, um, is, uh, uh, to begin to, uh, to begin to acquire, um, higher level advisory clients with a simple, unique, you know, acquisition framework that I'll tell you about in a second.

Like something along those lines. So this to me was the making one small tweak and firing all their transactional, transactional clients. No, good. Why are they making this pivot? Well, it's actually much simpler than you think.

And by the end of this video, I'm gonna detail exactly why this pivot is so effective and how you can implement it in your firm immediately, even if you don't have decades of experience or notoriety as a tax or asset professional. So, let me stop again. So over here, what I pointed out was a couple things. First is they jumped from, uh, why are they making this pivot? Uh, and, and, uh, well, it's, it's much act, uh, it's actually much simpler than you think.

And by the end of this video, I'm gonna detail exactly what this pivot is, uh, why this pivot, excuse me, is so effective that what I would do in here is I would make sure that they're crystal clear on that. Uh, like, and right throughout this video, I'm gonna show you exactly how, like I'm gonna show you exactly what this pivot is, um, and why it's so effective. And by the end of the video, or so that by the end of the video, you'll know exactly how quickly and easily you can implement this in your firm immediately. And so, in other words, right, they, they skipped over the, I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna, I'm gonna explain in detail what this is, and they went right to, right, like, it's simpler. I'm gonna detail exactly why it's so effective.

Um, but what is it besides just this idea of right, replacing, replacing them with advisory clients? Because this whole idea over here of this isn't really the, it, the pivot is really focusing more on advisory clients through this unique marketing method. Because just focusing on advisory clients or acquiring these higher level, more complex advisory clients is not one small pivot that seems like a major pivot or a major move in a business to me, to shift your entire, um, your entire customer avatar and fire all these people and replace them with these people. That's not one small pivot. And so, um, It's, it's also like, like, well, I mean that sentence, the firing of all the transactional clients, like, that's just letting the cat out of the bag too soon anyways, right?

Like, don't you wanna open a loop there and not like, 'cause that's an immediate, like, nope, I don't wanna do that. Like, that's scary. Like, I'm out Well said. You know, because There, there's no also no other hook. I'm assuming this is A VSL, but like, there was nothing in the, in the first few sentences that really even hooked me in.

Well, remember that in, remember, this is the argument. This is, this is not showing you the, the, the, the headline, the lead or anything like that. So the lead I had already, um, dialed in with them about this whole, like, you know, there's, you know, a coming storm. Most, most tax professionals are completely unaware of it, right? The ai, right?

AI is going to, um, you know, is gonna wreak havoc on the industry. In fact, according to routers, it's already underway over the last 12 months, right? 13,565 tax professionals have already lost their jobs, and according to blah, blah, blah, we're gonna see this. And like, there was this whole buildup of like, holy geez, I was not aware of this. This sounds really interesting.

It's almost that, you know, we've talked about this before in prior calls, this AI storm, or I, I think we called it like the great AI tax purge was something that that was, that was the idea was the catalyst, right? Was like, it's this thing that is occurring is already kind of begun. It's already underway. It's gonna reach this crescendo of impact. Um, you know, soon, uh, here's all the evidence that this is actually happening.

Uh, we already kind of covered that. And so the, the hope, the feel was the, the, the thought was right, that they've bought into that and now it's, right. Okay. So with that as the backdrop, with that as the context, right? Like, what is the fastest pivot that you can make now that, that's going on?

Like, what can you do is ultimately where he was going with it. So I, there's another version that I created that we're not gonna go over right now. There, there's another version that I created. Um, actually, let me, let me see something here. What about the word pivot in itself?

Like, is that, is that signify a lot of effort? Is a pivot versus shift versus transition versus Could be the, I think the idea you, the thought, right? Um, the thought was that from the writer, the thought was that the word pivot kind of conveys a smaller move than let's say, you know, um, a transition, right? Or, you know, um, you know, a, a business change or they, they were ultimately, what I believe is he was ultimately looking for that same version of the one small tweak, like one tiny tweak to your diet one, right? Like the one hack, the one tweak, the one pivot is what they were going for, whether they achieved that with the word pivot.

Um, Well, 'cause typically when you think of a business, a pivot, it's like, oh, we were trying this business model that didn't work, so we pivoted to something completely different, right? Which is Interesting. Okay. And so what do you think would be a better, a better, uh, a better word or a better phrase, or a better way to just kind of convey this? Uh, yeah, I think it's either shift or, or transition.

Like it's, the transition feels feels less painful, right? Yeah. Less risky. Like, Let's do that. Let's just put that in here.

Uh, I Make one, I rather all known each other consistently, Or one small shift. Maybe it's a shift. Leave that for, right. Hang on. I found it wrong.

Yeah. And so we'll wind up going back and this definitely has to be right. Like this definitely has to be changed, right? Just the whole, again, the whole, like, it's scary, it's big. Um, it's certainly not one, one shift.

Like you said, you're kind of, you know, you're pulling the curtain way back, um, even with the, the, the, the lead a little bit. Like, it's, it's a big, um, it's a big jump here, right? And so I, I would focus more on they are, uh, they are beginning to acquire or they're acquiring more and more high level, um, advisory clients. Why is this so valuable? Like, why is this, why are they making this shift?

And why is this so, so valuable? Right? And that's like the direction that I would, um, that I would go in, um, over here, this sentence, what I had said to the, to the writer, right? Even if you don't have decades of experience or notoriety as a tax or asset professional, so ar earlier, right? Um, lemme Just see something here.

Oh, okay. So what I said was the first of all two things, the way that this is phrased right, is, um, is it makes me feel like it's bringing up an objection or a concern that might not be there. They might write this is the, this is the copywriter believing that this objection is, is going to come up here. But the thing that I don't, what I don't like about this is, is that it almost plants in the head of the prospect. And this is kind of one of those, this is maybe intuitive for me, just really understanding psychology, communication and people.

But this is kind of, it's a weird thing because the way that this is being conveyed, this would make me think that this could be an issue that I don't have decades of experience or notoriety, like, uh, you know, or, or notoriety as a tax or asset professional. Like, it just plants this idea. It, it, it, it, it makes me self-conscious if I don't have this, this experience. It makes me feel like some could view this as a deficit like that, right? I'm bringing a negative to the table.

And so the way that I would rephrase this is I would re I wouldn't make it about the you the prospect. I would make it about the advisory clients, meaning what I would say here, 'cause it goes on to cover, it is, it's not even if you don't have, um, even if you don't have decades of experience or notoriety as a tax or, or asset professional, I would say, um, by the end of this video, I'm gonna detail exactly why this pivot or why this shift is so effective. Uh, what it is, why it's so effective, and how you can implement it into your firm immediately and show you why these advisory clients don't care. Um, uh, uh, uh, whether you have decades of experience or notoriety or aren't looking for a tax professional with decades of experience or no, or, or notoriety, right? Which he goes on to explain.

So me saying that is based on what it is that he explains here. In other words, I would take it from talking about you, the prospect here to talking about advisory clients. That's not what advisory clients want. So I'm not planning the, this has nothing to do with what you bring to the table. I'm making a point, right?

And I'm gonna show you why these advisory clients aren't even looking for tax professionals that have decades of experience or notoriety as a tax or asset professional. Or I would probably say it 'cause that's not super believable. Like, um, why decades of experience and notoriety isn't what's most important to them. There is something else which I'll tell you about in just a moment. Does that make sense?

Yeah. I mean, I mean, I mean, to me, like you could take that whole sentence out, come like the notoriety, You absolute can, which was the first thing that I should have said that for, which is the first thing that you absolutely can take that out. Like it's unnecessary right here. 'cause I do not, I don't feel like at this point it's an objection, uh, here that is, that would come up. So I would, you're absolutely right.

I would take it up. But I mean, do, do tax professionals typically have notoriety at all? Like who, who's a famous tax professional? Yeah, I think notoriety is not the right word here, right? So, right.

Like, um, uh, that, uh, I don't know what the right word is. My gut tells me that he's going for, um, you know, It feels almost like it was adapted from like a, a pitch to lawyers, right? Because Yeah. That, you know, and so let's, uh, it actually, uh, is unnecessary. Um, even with the argument over here that he goes for, even if you don't have decades of experience, this, again, this I already said would be, um, would be shift.

I, I, I would get rid of it if he felt strongly, like I would shift it to, it's what advisory clients want or don't want. Uh, I'm gonna tell you exactly, but before I do, I must first explain why this shift is so effective. And to summarize it, there are a few main reasons. So before I tell you, or before, what's wrong with this copy, this specifically right here, nobody talks like that, right? Right, right.

What I said to him was that, right? I said, and this was kind of common throughout, and this is one of those things that like takes, you know, intention, intentionality, and conscious effort, um, early on is like sales copy. It should be closer to the spoken word, right? So we're, we're getting down on paper, right? We're getting down on paper, what should be close to the spoken word.

This is not right. Like, it's not the written word. And I said like, nobody talks like this, but before I do, I must first explain why this shift is so effective. That's, that's not what you would say. I said, like, first let me explain why this is so effective.

There are a few main reasons, or there are five reasons. Like, that's how you would, you would speak. And this is why, right? To this very day, this is why I talk out loud when I'm writing. I'm not saying I don't, I don't record myself and then transcribe it.

I am just, as I'm writing, I'm saying it out loud. Because what I want is I want what I'm writing to be, what I would say and how I would say it. So in the, and not just in the word choice, but also the tone and pace and brevity of the way I would say it. Like I would say, right? Like, um, you know, I, you know, uh, first let me explain why this shift is so effective.

There are, there are five reasons. Like, that's how I would say it. And so to me, right, this is it. Not, it reads weird, right? It's not how he would speak and it's much more, but before I do, I must first explain why this shift is so effective.

And to summarize it, there are a few main reasons. Like, it's also, and and to summarize it, it's unnecessary. Like, right? It's, it's, you don't tell them what you're gonna do, just do it, right? Like, and so don't tell them what you're gonna do, right?

Like, just do it. And so, uh, that was the, a big overarching commonality, and it tends to be a commonality in what it is that I see from a lot of folks that write copy. They're fairly new to copy, um, or they've studied a little bit of copy, and now they're trying to write copy is they just get caught up in writing copy instead of trying to communicate clearly and in the way that they would say it if they were sitting across from, from somebody, uh, over here. Uh, and to summarize that, there are a few main reasons. First, unlike transactional clients, advisory ones cannot be replaced with ai.

Why? Because due to the very nature of their tax and asset situation, they require a lot of additional nuance. This, I said, it doesn't make any sense because it's not, the idea isn't that right? Unlike transaction, uh, transactional clients, it's not that, it's not that AI is replacing clients, it's that AI is replacing the need for a tax professional for certain clients. So, right?

In other words, uh, you know, uh, uh, unlike with, if anything, it would be something closer to, unlike with, you know, transactional clients, um, AI is far less likely to replace a real human tax advisor with advisory clients. Why? Because due to the nature of the complexity or whatever the argument is that he's going to, you know, put forth. And so, make sense, right? This is not, this is, this is a mistake.

What's being communicated here is not accurate. Pretty, pretty clear, right? Mm-hmm. Now, lemme lemme just take a step back and let, let's just say this. Let me, lemme say this for one second, Teddy, you know, while I wanted to, you know, look, I wanted to get into some of the copy and some more points that I'm gonna, that I'm, that I'm gonna show you here, but I could see in your face, right?

That I could see in your face, and I could see that the way that you are interacting, right? You see what happens when an argument is weak, when there are potentially lots of leaps in the argument when there are like, eh, that's not accurate, that's not true, that's not believable. What happens? The whole thing can, can fall apart. You can see how one little thing, two little things can add up to, I just, I don't believe it, man.

Like this doesn't, it's just not, nah, man, that's a, that's a weak argument. Like, you, you're not, there are so many gaps and, and, um, and, you know, missing pieces or inaccurate statements or incomplete arguments or things like where you're making a, a leap and it's just not enough. Like, you know, even, even to just say, right? Like, because due to the very nature of their tax and asset situation, they require a lot of additional nuance like that. That's not really proving anything.

Y you know, it, it's not right. Meaning that's, That's what it's, it's just an incomplete CPB chunk, right? It's missing, missing the proof behind that claim. You'll see that, right? Like getting, getting into the, like, getting into the weed.

What we're doing today on this call, looking at the, you know, looking at the little, little copy aspects, little kind of word choice that we're gonna get into in and phraseology would really, and should really only come after we get I into the argument and make sure that it's full, complete and, and solid. Like right? Not, then we, then we can work on how do we best communicate it so that it's got that flare and polish and right, and, and it's smooth. But none of those things, none of that, the, the, the, the copy wordsmithing stuff, we'll fix a frail underlying argument. It might feel like it does, you might breeze over stuff and it's smooth and it like grammatically and it flows nice.

But what you end up being left with is something that has got very little substance. It's like all rhetoric, you know, and nothing underneath. And, and those fail, right? Tho those fail. It's why I believe that, I believe wholeheartedly that, right?

The most important part is not the wordsmithing, it is the underlying argument. The wordsmithing is critical, it's important, it's valuable, it has impact, but when it is layered on top of yeah, boom, boom, boom, boom. Now, the thing that I, that I want you to see here with this overall, and we'll, we'll do like a quick, a real quick pass on this, not reading everything, but just so that you can see it is there is an argument here, which I was excited to see, right? Like, to begin with, there is an argument here. He presents an argument.

It's just that it's not in many, in many areas, it's not complete, it's not fully fleshed out. There's not enough proof or strong enough proof to back up the claim. But there is the structure of an argument. So you can see Teddy, like if you look at some people just, but some marketers, entrepreneurs, copywriters, claims, claims claims, claims claims, no argument, no unique mechanism, nothing like that, right? Sometimes appropriate in certain situations for certain products, depending on who you're targeting, all that, right?

Then you get like, go, oh, sometimes there is an argument, sometimes there is a unique mechanism and, and right? But, but if that argument isn't rock solid, that approach can still fall short because it's not just having an argument. It is the, the, it it's having a, um, a complete and solid intellectual and emotional argument that proves what it is that you are, are ultimately trying to lead them to, right? That proves that your unique mechanism is the right option for them. So it's possible obviously to have an argument that doesn't prove that because either structurally it's not put together, like you were missing certain claims that you had to make, or you made claims and didn't back them up with enough proof.

Or you made claims that just like you, you like, were a stretch. You shouldn't have even claimed that because there's no way that you're gonna be able to prove that. Um, and so, uh, right, you, you can see a lot of those things in here. Yeah. I mean, it definitely, it goes back to, you know, the thing you always talk about, which is the, you know, the whole, you know, if you were arguing this in, in court, right?

And like, what, what was just coming up was like the OJ case, right? It was like the whole argument that, that, that the prosecution had was solid except for the glove not fitting. Like that was the one thing that like, threw it out pretty much, right? Is like one little thing can derail everything else. Yeah.

And I believe look in marketing, man, you know, they're, that, that, that filter is up, man. They're looking for, you know, like I see one thing on a page that makes me feel like, it, it, it's might maybe not for me, or maybe it's questionable of what they're claiming, or it's a stretch. I'm out. Like I'm not, I'm out. I don't give them a second opportunity.

And I believe that there are, you know, and you know, and, and I believe that there are a lot of people in the marketplace, in every marketplace that are like that, where, like you say, one thing that's off the market, it's out out. Why? Because we feel we have too many options today. Too many options, right? And so, like, it'd be one thing if I was looking at something that I've never heard about before, I've never seen before, I was never offered before.

It's a completely unique, you know, solution. It's got USP, like, and there were no other options. But that's a rarity today. And so today we've got more options than we know what to do with. And so I don't need to waste time in something that I find, uh, you know, potentially questionable.

And so, you know, it's, it's, it's important. And that's why like, look, you know, there, you know, you know, there are certain things like, look, let, let's dive back into this and look at it. So, uh, unlike transactional clients, we already talked about this. Why? Because due to the very nature of their tax and assets situation, the advisory clients, they require a lot of additional nuance.

Meaning these clients need deeper strategic thinking and personalized attention, which builds a protective barrier around you and your advisory clients. And even if they were to try to use ai, it would be impossible to get it to understand years of context on their financial situation and goals, which not only protects you from ai, but it also protects you from competitors. And this is why being a first mover and making this small pivot now is so important. So a couple things, right? Lot of claims in there.

Like, so let's just start with the very last thing. So you see this, this is a leap in terms of the argument to me. In other words, what they just talked about was the advisory clients, right? They need deeper strategic thinking and personalized attention, which builds a protective barrier around you. Um, and your, your advisory clients.

This is a little weird too, by the way. 'cause it almost feels like this. What he's ultimately trying to say here, what I believe is that it builds a protective barrier around you and your client list of advisory clients or your business, your firm's, um, your firm's clientele, right? Like the, the, your list of clients. He's not trying to say that it builds protection, a protective barrier around the tax professional and a protective barrier around these advisory clients.

He meant it protected. Keeping them in the fold is what I believe. So this is weirded a a little bit, it's weirded, uh, in a, in a word way. Um, but he goes, right, uh, it protects you. Um, and look, even if they were to try ai, it would be impossible to get it to understand years of context of blah, blah, blah, which only protects you, which not only protects you, it also protects you from competitors.

And this is why being a first mover makes this, um, small pivot. Making this small pivot now is so important. Well, what does this, what does what was just said here, have anything to do with speed and being a first mover, right? Where is the, what, what does that have to do with first mover? You see?

And that, right? That to me, that's that leap. Like, that's when, you know, if you were in debate, right? If you were in debate or if you were analyzing the logic, right? That's not a logical statement, that's a fallacious conclusion because it doesn't follow, right?

Like, that does not follow, in other words, that like, you know, that these people require, you know, additional nuance, that it requires deeper strategic thinking that AI can't do that. Um, and so it, you know, it, you know, it protects you from that. And like, it's a stretch. There, there, there would need to be, uh, a sentence in here, right? Um, something like, uh, which not only protects you from ai, uh, but also protects you from slow moving competitors, which is why it's so important that you get in now, right?

Because, uh, you know, why you get in now, uh, and why this gives you first, first mover advantage, uh, when you make this pivot. Like something along those lines, not that exact copy, not the way that I phrased it, but there's no, this to me just doesn't flow. The other thing to me is this over here, uh, and even if you were to try to use ai, it would be impossible to get it to understand years of context on their financial situation and goals. Just to me, the use of the word impossible here feels like a wild stretch to me, right? And what I don't need to say something definitive.

This is one of those things, right? Where if you say something definitive black and white in this context, like, um, it couldn't be done or it can't be done, like it's impossible. Uh, I can dispute that, right? Like, I potentially can dispute that I like, you know, I, I could potentially dispute that, but if I said it makes it brutally difficult, darn near, almost impossible, right? Uh, that's wildly different.

Like, it makes it brutally difficult. See, brutally difficult is subjective, impossible is objective. And so I am, and that's an important distinction in copy, right? Brutally difficult is subjective, meaning that it can't be disputed, right? Because brutally subjective, excuse me, brutally difficult.

Um, right? I'm saying it makes it brutally difficult. That's my opinion in that context. So you can't dispute that. But if I say something ob that I'm claiming is objectively true, it's impossible that that can be disputed.

And so I'm very careful when it comes to certain claims that I'm making in the argument that I'm not making the, if I don't have to, I'm not making these objective claims, which could be disputed. Does that make sense, Teddy? Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mean, I mean, the problem with this claim is that you could just as easily argue the complete opposite, right?

It's like, yeah. That, that AI is better positioned to, to deal with very super complex situations and nuances, right? Like, Yeah, I think look, let in, in the spirit of fairness, right? Right. No, you're absolutely right.

Which was like, look, for me, all these claims about ai, like even thinking about thinking about this, bringing this to, to the call today, knowing, you know, or thinking that you are gonna be on here, I'm like, oh, man, Teddy's gonna slay this, this argument, right? You know, from beginning to end, right? Because, you know, the, you know, because AI can, you know, there, there's very little that AI at, at this point right now, can't do better than what most average human beings can, can do. Um, and so I would say, yeah, you can present the, the antithesis of this, the, the opposite argument. But I would say that it's fair to say that in a lot of instances in the marketing world, there are opposite arguments that could be made.

Like when somebody presents, let's say, an argument for shifting over to high ticket and why you wanna go with high ticket, somebody else could come along and present all the negatives of high ticket and why you wanna go with low ticket. And so, right? So, you know, people make arguments for why you wanna be automated today. Other people make arguments against why you don't wanna be, you know, automated today. So in, I would say that in many instances, if not most instances, you're going to find an opposite argument that, um, that could be made.

The key is really thinking about it, like, look, you know, thinking about it, similar to any argument in the, in the public forum, like politicians, let's just say at the end of the day, it's, at least for me, it's which argument, like re makes more sense to me? Which one makes more somebody's got, I, I recommend we do, we take this approach for, for the economy, I recommend we take this approach. They're gonna give their reasons, they're gonna give their rationale, they're gonna make their claims, they're gonna give their evidence. This one's gonna give their, their rationale, their claims, their evidence. And then at the end, I'm gonna say, you know what?

That to me sounded like a better, more solid argument. That made a lot more sense to me. That was a lot clearer to me that seemed like it had deeper, uh, more conclusive proof. This one didn't see it was a good argument, but it wasn't as good. And so that's the same thing that we see, um, here.

And so I, would You raise, would you raise the objection though, and address it? I mean, you could raise it very easily and just be like, like, look, maybe AI could, you know, could handle these complex situations, but requires tons of data, tons of training, sophisticated models that you just don't have access to, or Yeah, that's exactly the way that I would handle it, which is super smart and super savvy on your part for bringing that up rather than like, look, t see, to me, this is, you know, this is, you know, look, right, this is, this is me just being real, and the way that I like this is just lazy copywriting, right? Because that's not, I'm thinking about what's the, what is the most, what is the true, accurate, and most believable argument that, that I can present? This to me is the lazy way, right? Because anybody that's got any experience with AI is gonna question this.

Like, right is gonna, is gonna question this. And that's my, my belief, right? Knowing very little about ai. And so the reality is, is that, yeah, I would much rather paint a brutal picture o of like, yeah, like look, what it's gonna take, right is, you know, in order for it to understand years of context on your financial situation, your assets, your goals, your previous, you know, financial history is going to take a tremendous amount of input data algorithms almost negating the automation that you get from ai. Like, yeah, like that is believable.

That's believable. And it's true and more accurate, right? Like, because like, obviously, how would it understand years of context? Well, we, we have to give it to it, we have to feed it, right? Like, how would it understand, you know, the, the, the, the interaction of the different assets that you have and the liabilities that you, we have to feed it.

How would it understand your historical? You have to feed it how your goal you have to feed. Let, that may make sense to me. And so, yeah, that's definitely where I would go. And the thing is, Teddy, that the way I would phrase it, so you said like, would you, would you cover that objection to me?

It is just a, what you said is a smarter and savvier way to make this point, to make this this part of the argument, right? Like, to make the part of the argument that, uh, of, of why, um, most of these, uh, advisory clients aren't going to be going to ai, right? And are going to continue to need a human being. Because to use AI with all of that complexity requires a tremendous amount of data, tremendous amount of input, let's face it, for it to understand any ai, for it to understand years of context on, you know, your blah, blah, blah assets. It's gonna require a lot of data, a lot of input, and a lot of time almost negating the whole value of what AI could do for you, like, or, or do for these clients.

And so that makes total sense to me. Uh, okay, let me see more. So over here, he goes into, and here I'm just showing you this so that you can see, uh, and we're not gonna go through everything, but, uh, I just want you to see again that there's an argument here that he's attempting to make, right? The second, the second reason why this pivot works so well is because advisory clients pay a lot more than transactional clients. In fact, while the average transactional client pays between 200 and 400 annually, advisory clients pay between 5,000 and 10,000 annually or more, which quite literally means for every one advisory client you'd need to get, um, 15 to 20 transactional clients.

Why are these clients willing to pay so much more? Well, when advisory clients are looking to hire a new tax or asset protection firm, they're, they're basing the decision of who to hire on primarily one factor who will save them the most on taxes, uh, who will, who will save them the most on taxes, and they're willing to pay a large premium for that. So instead of looking at the cost of your services as as an expense, they're forced to pay. They look at it as an investment they get to make. Now wanna point something out here, wanna stop for one side?

So you could see again that he's making an additional, you know, point in the, in the argument for right now in this context, right? He's building up the value of the marketing method that he's gonna reveal. In other words, all of this is leading up to, let me see if I could show you this so that it makes sense, uh, that dah, uh, over here. Lemme see right here, right? So, uh, and many others are starting to reap rewards, uh, the rewards of making this pivot with their tax and asset protection firms.

But all this begs the question, uh, um, what's the fastest and easiest way to start getting advisory clients today? Now they actually go into the argument for the, the unique mechanism, which is ultimately what they're selling you on, right? Like, uh, well with the recent shift in the economy, blah, blah, blah. They go on to make this, this argument over here. So all, everything that's said, all of this is just leading them to see and understand the value of moving their practice, uh, over to more focus on advisory clients.

And the reason, the foundational reason why that's being given is ai, right? Make sense. Like AI wreaking, you know, uh, uh, a wreaking havoc on the stealing transactional clients, and therefore it's an opportune time and a smart move for you to focus on advisory clients, right? And here's why. And, uh, and here's how to get them.

And the how to get them is what they're ultimately selling is what the offer Is that the reason why I'm mentioning that here, just so that you've got fuller context, but also because you can see that you can still make this, you can still use a big chunk of this, right? Without having to rely on the AI argument. So if he could go with a totally different big idea, a totally different, um, angle than there's a massive storm coming, you know, the great AI purge, like you don't need that. You could still ultimately, you, you, we could still have a campaign that's all about the benefits of, of moving over to advisory, um, clients, right? Like, and we could still have totally different idea.

We don't have to get into the coming surge. We don't have to provide evidence for that or, uh, purge or anything or anything like that. And we could still use the majority, um, of this argument, the fact that, you know, the, um, AI would become one of the CPB chunks that I would use to demonstrate why it's a smart move to focus on advisory clients, but we don't need that to be the idea. In other words, you could still use the majority of this argument without that being the core idea. Does that make sense, Teddy?

Yeah, it makes sense. And it's also, 'cause I, I was feeling that too, like there's also this dicho, you know, it's a fear-based campaign, but then it's pivoting to an aspirational, like, like all the, all the testimonials are, you know, million a year making. So yeah, like don't be disrupted by AI versus just like shift your business model to focus on higher value clients so you don't have to work As hard that, right? So you could, you could, you could have that, that's, that, that's a great, like you're absolutely right. That's the, that's the point, right?

That there could be this, you know, like they could go with, they could have gone with a simple, you know, promise based, let's say, um, idea, uh, and lead, which was like, you know, um, how to reduce your schedule by one fifth and double your profit with one little move, right? Like, and then same thing like, you know, uh, it's, you know, the, the lead would be different obviously, and, and all that, but you, a lot of this argument would still be able to be applied, or the thinking behind this argument would still be able to be applied because we're still doing the same thing. We would still need to, to sell them on the value of advisory clients. They make you more money, they're easier to work with, they appreciate you, you're protected from what AI is gonna do with transactional, um, um, clients. Like boom, boom, boom.

And that's why you wanna start to focus on advisory clients. How do you get them? Well, unbelievable. We discovered a simple way to right? Like, boom.

And so still, still the same thing here. I just wanted to show you, uh, show you one other thing. Um, That's a good aha though actually when you think about it, right? So like, the fact that you could take almost any CPB chunk in an argument and kind of pull that out and relea the whole thing around that one part of the argument, right? Sure, absolutely.

I mean, that's the, you know, like, look, if ultimately, no matter what their idea is, right? Ultimately they wanna sell their marketing model, and their marketing model here primarily is about getting these high value clients. So what that means is, right, like that in, you know, that there's always gonna be something about the benefit and the value of working with these high end clients. There's, there's, we need to have CPB chunks about that. Uh, we need to get people to buy into advisory clients.

We need to get people to buy into, um, the mechanism for getting these high value clients and why it's superior to all the other ways, um, and whatnot. And so, yeah, like some, you could pull out different CPP, maybe a different idea might have to have a new CPB chunk toward the beginning, depending on what the idea is. But the bulk of the argument can be used. We could come up with a dozen ideas, different marketing ideas, hooks, angles that we could use, where we would be able to use the overwhelming majority of this argument. And they have nothing to do with the AI purge, any, not fear based, could be greed based.

And so, yeah, it's a, it's a beautiful thing when you, um, when you see that. Uh, So you see, uh, See, they did a good job of building in even early on, um, you know, CNBC, there was a router's thing, 91% of asset protection. Oh, what I wanted to say was, Uh, Just my younger daughter is in town and she brought her cat, and this cat is like, Oh gosh, This cat, Yeah, I've been on meetings. I had a podcast interview every single time. This thing's walking across the camera.

I'm like, uh, um, Let me see. Um, this is where, uh, so which, Uh, why are these clients willing to pay so much more? Well, when advisory clients are looking to hire a new tax or asset protection firm, they're basing the decision of who to hire on primarily one factor who will save them the most on taxes, uh, and they're willing to pay a large premium, um, for that. So see, this to me, wa warrants a proof point here that like, where, you know, that's a big claim like that, and that the whole thing could fall apart here, right? Like what they say after this, like, um, they're, these advisory clients they're looking for, right?

Like, uh, who's gonna save them the most on taxes? So, 'cause I would be thinking are, they're not looking for, you know, who knows the law the best, right? Like, who they're not concerned with, you know, like they're just concerned with who's gonna save them the most on taxes. Like, it's hard for me to believe that because I like for, for me, right? I know that I'm concerned with more than just who's gonna save me most on my taxes?

Are you gonna do anything shady? Like is this pushing the envelope? Are you, you know, you, you, you creating fictitious receipts for my account, like my file? Like, you know, and so to me that warrants, um, a piece of proof. You can see how, again, you could see that there are some proof points in here if we spent the time there.

Excuse me, there are some claims in here where they did a really good job of finding one, two little proof points, two stats, and then others where they just totally skipped over it. And you, I at least feel it when, when reading through this. And so, but the other thing that I was just gonna show you was, uh, over here, um, So, Uh, After spending 10 plus million dollars in my company's own profits on advertising in years testing different online marketing strategies, I can tell you what we recently discovered is by far the single fastest and easiest way for a tax and asset firm to get advisory clients. The reason why I highlighted this in green for them was because this is the typical, like, even though this is the argument, this is the typical burying the lead. How is this thing five pages, six pages into the thing?

Like the moment that you mentioned, I, I said, what I said to them was, over here, when you're talking about by the end of this video, I'm gonna show you what the pivot is. I'm gonna show, I'm gonna tell you what it is. I'm gonna tell you how to make it how simple and easy and fast you can have this thing implemented into, um, your firm. And what you're gonna see is by far the single fastest and easiest way for a tax and asset firm to, uh, you know, to acquire clients galore. Like, and so sometimes, right?

We, even me, you have a tendency, like you've pointed out with my stuff sometimes, like, we can, I can bury the lead or bury the gold, right? Sometimes. And so when in doubt, I said to him, I'd leave it here and I'd move it up. Um, and so I'd say it twice in this bad boy. It's that it's that valuable.

But, um, any, anything else that you would add or ask? I know we just kind of just talked about a lot of, a lot, and there's so much more that we can, we can talk about in here. There were instances where just little, a little thing like to point out, um, like I said to them, right? The, the, you and I've said this so many times, and I find that this is also, you know, words have meaning and have impact on surrounding copy. And so we know that, right?

When, when we use the word, but we are negating what it is that we just said. So right over here he is saying, right, he just listed out a bunch of great testimonials, uh, and many others who started reaping the rewards of making this pivot with their tax and asset protection firms. But all of this begs the question, it's like, but it's like a huge stop, but with what I just said, but it's not, but this begs the question. It's like, if anything, I would just say, which really begs the question for you, what's the fastest and easiest way for you to start getting advisory clients today or in the next 48 hours, right? It's not, it's not the, the, the, the, but right?

That negates what we said before we would use that. Like, it's been extremely difficult to get clients up to this point, but that's all changed thanks to what we discovered that we wanna negate, that we wanna go against, but in this, and so little tiny things like, um, like that, uh, are also in here. But I just, you know, wanted to share some, some different copy. Any Final words? I, I mean, I, no, I think that's one, I think one of the biggest nuggets that you shared and lessons from this is, is that, you know, as you're doing the editing, like the first pass is does the argument make sense?

Right? Yeah. Like before you start, 'cause it's, it is very easy to start getting into the, the phrasing and the individual words and like, blah, blah, blah. It's like, yeah, a couple passes of like, is this logically sound first? Yeah, yeah.

No, you're absolutely, you're, you're absolutely spot on, right? I would much rather have a sound solid, you know, argument that's written in simple language clear, like, I, like I speak that doesn't have all of the, you know, the open loop phrases, you know, like in all the nested loops and like, I'd much rather have that than something that's, you know, loaded with tack copy tactics, but has a weak foundational, um, argument. And so yeah, you start first with what's the, what's the argument? And does that, like, does that argument like, wow, that, that makes a lot of sense to me. Like that, that speaks to me.

Like, I get it. I see it makes total sense. There's no gaps in there, then we can go back, right? And we can sprinkle our fairy dust on it and make it, you know, dial it in. Is this the right verb?

Is there a better way to say this? Is there like, is this sentence structured the right way? Should we break this up into two sentences? Can we eliminate words in here? But as long as we're doing that on the foundation of a rock solid airtight, um, logical and emotional argument, like that's solid and that does, we believe lead the prospect, man.

Yeah. To me that stuff is secondary. Do you do that though? Like, because I, I mean, I, I know it just flows for you at this point, but like, do you naturally just bullet point out like, here's the bullet, here's here's the high level things I gotta hit in this argument Yes. And then fill them in afterwards.

Yes. So I do not write. Yes. So typically, right? It, it is exactly that.

It's a, it's a few bullets, um, for me, of, typically it is what's the thesis? So what did it, what is it that I'm trying to prove? Like what's that one buying belief? Where am I, where am I, apps, you know, leading them. Um, and then yeah, what are the, what are the claims that I need to make?

So what's the argument that I need to make in this context? When I say like, what's the argument? You know, it, it, it's, it's almost like Teddy, like, um, like if I asked you, you know, you know what I want you to, I want you to just make, I want you to get present an argument to me on why you think, um, you know, why you believe that let's say, um, eventually all currency, uh, currency in the United States is gonna be crypto based. Like paper currency is gonna be gone, right? Like, you, okay, I gotta, you would've to sit back and you would have to think about, all right, what's the first thing that I'm gonna have to claim?

Like I might, right? I probably have to, you know, like, I'm gonna have to claim that, you know, uh, it's, it's already underway. It, it, it saves the, the, the country money. Um, it's easier for them to track, track and collect taxes, whatever. I'm just making stuff up here.

Like, right? Like, um, you know, uh, there's already a contract for them to put, you know, the, the technology in place, right? Um, other major countries are, are, are, are moving in that direction. And so because of all of these points, this is why I believe, right? Uh, um, and yeah.

And so I start off with these, this is what I need and this is the right order. I'm gonna have to make this point first, then this point, then this point, then this point, then this point. So that all I'm starting with is thesis and then the different claims that I have to make. And then I'll start, I'll, I'll start writing it and then write and, um, uh, you know, I'll, I'll start writing the, the, the, um, the claims out. And depending, I may even like, um, I may do a little bit of initial research after I've got, let's say the three or four or five bullets.

Uh, and I would say that most arguments are typically five bullets or less for sure. Um, then what I may do, depending if, you know, depending on the topic, like if it's, if it's in the marketing world, it's a little bit different for me at this point, but I may start to look for the proof points to back up like, what, let me take point number one and let me go over to Chachi PT and let me start to dig a little bit. Let me go to perplexity or whatnot and let me start to dig a little bit and see what kind of proof I could pull up for that. And then I might just paste that right into the outline. Let me go to the second claim and see what kind of proof could I pull up.

Is there, is there a stat, is there a study? Is there a book? Is there somebody well-known credible authority that's talked about that? Or is this gonna need just reason why? Like where I'm gonna need to ex give the logic for it?

And once you do that, like if, if, if that's the order that you do it thesis, right? What are the claims that I need to make, go do a little bit of research for What are the, what are the proof points that I'm gonna use you? Then it's just a matter of writing because you know the claim, right? Like you, you're, you're gonna be able to, if you really wanted to, you could fill in the, the, the, the benefits. Like, like, but you're gonna know the argument.

If I was just asking you to make an argument for me to, to me about why you believe that the United States is gonna move to crypto as the, as the currency and replace the dollar. Uh, like that's all you need. You've got it. Point number one because of this Todd, da, da da da da. And here's the proof, right?

Because of this second CP beach hunt, right? The claim boom. And here's the proof because of this, right? When you add up, when you look at these five things, it presents a rock solid, strong reason, evidence for why I believe the country is moving to cri. That's, that's an argument.

That's it. Because your AI agent can't carry cash, by the way, What was that? Because Your AI agent won't be able to carry cash. There you go. See that You got, that's like, see that like, and I love it, man, but uh, and so, uh, there you go.

That is it, man. We're done. Uh, keep me posted on everything else going on in your, in your world, dude. And I'll see you next week, man. Yep.

Good stuff, man. Thank you. Alright. You got it.
