---
title: "cc_ 2024-02-27 18:00:31"
date: 2024-02-27
duration: 29m
duration_seconds: 1754
vimeo_id: 917228283
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-02-27 18:00:31

**Date:** 2024-02-27 | **Duration:** 29m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Roll. All right, so we're gonna talk about, uh, unique mechanisms today, specifically, we're gonna talk about, uh, some unique mechanism presentation mistakes. And really one major one that, uh, I've seen in some campaigns lately that came across my desk for, um, for editing. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna share my screen, and this should be a pretty efficient training for us, um, today, but hopefully you can, um, you can see my screen. And so, uh, you know, I originally titled this, this little training, uh, not How, why, uh, but I really unpacked it a little bit more for you guys, uh, and to, to get into some additional unique mechanism presentation mistakes.

Now, one of the, the kind of the big thing that I really want to get across in this training is on the next slide. And so I'm gonna show the kind of the big thing, the main takeaway that I want you guys to grasp, um, right away. And then we're gonna go into the, um, the mistakes. And it really, to give you some context before I show you this slide, before I show you the main takeaway, one of the things that I've found is I've found a kind of a, a creeping in E five campaigns in, in campaigns that are presenting a unique mechanism and that are really education based. What I found is I found this creeping towards more teaching than not only necessary, but then what is good for the campaign coming into these E five campaigns coming into the presentation of the unique mechanism, meaning I see people really unpacking too much about the unique mechanism and really going kind of hog wild teaching, you know, in depth, in detail about the unique mechanism.

And what happens is that they lose the prospect prospects become disinterested in the, the, they become disinterested or less interested in watching the video or reading the copy when we are moving away from showing them why it works rather than how it works. And that's the thing that I, I really want to just, uh, start off with that. You know, one of the things to really be conscious of, and we can certainly talk about this a little bit more and unpack this, is that you, you're not, you, you don't wanna show how the unique mechanism works. You wanna present an argument for why it works, in other words, right? You're not, your job is not to show or teach how the unique mechanism works.

Your job is ultimately to show them, to prove to them, to get them to believe and understand why it works, right? That in fact, it does work. And here's why it works. They don't need to understand the nitty gritty details of the unique mechanism to believe that it works, to really understand why it works, right? And so, too much detail in how it works can be detrimental.

It makes the copy more complex, more complicated. It makes it, uh, um, heavy and prospects lose interest. It lose, lose interest. When we go too deep in explaining how the mechanism works, again, understand it's not about presenting how it works. It's showing why it works.

It's proving why it works. It's presenting an argument for why it works so that they can believe it works. In other words, ultimately, right? Your job, our job is to get the prospect to believe that the u that the unique mechanism works at producing the result they want. And this is the one thing that I just want you to constantly remind yourself of when you are crafting E five copy, you know, when you're crafting education based marketing copy copy that's based on a unique mechanism is I want you to remind yourself of your objective with the copy.

The objective isn't to get them to understand how it works. Your objective is first and foremost to get them to believe that the um, does work, right? And we can do that by explaining to them, excuse me, showing them why it works, without having to get into the nitty gritty details of how it actually works. Meaning, we don't have to get into every single step in the unique mechanism in the system, in the process, in the, in the formula, in the framework. Sometimes we don't even have to get into all the steps.

Sometimes we don't even have to get into any of the steps. We can give them a high level view of why this works to, to, um, to produce, produce the result. I've even seen campaigns come out of the financial publishing space where they talk about, uh, they'll, they'll have the, the unique mechanism will be some sort of, um, when, you know, there's a, you know, a cross on the, when there's a cross pattern that shows up on the chart, what happens is, right in the 48 hours after this cross pattern shows up, um, there is a, you know, a, a spike in the stock price, right? They don't, and they don't get into at all what is the detail of the cross pattern. They don't, they don't get into the mechanics behind it, the, the algorithm behind it, the math behind it, right?

But they will show you evidence, proof, multiple forms of proof that every time this cross pattern shows up on the, on the chart, that over the next 48 hours, the stock price can rise anywhere from 10% to 20%, or, or whatever it is, just as an example. And they'll show you that over and over, and they'll give you example after example over and over, and they'll show you this year, last year, the year before, right? Uh, um, over and over. They might even quote people on, you know, on, um, quote, people referencing this, this cross pattern. But they, they don't need to get into the nitty gritty details of what, what's triggering that, that cross pattern or exactly what that cross pattern means, or how you create that cross pattern in the chart or anything like that.

Because remember, their job in this little example is to get the prospect to believe that every time that cross pattern shows up, that the stock price grow goes up. And ultimately, in that offer, in the, in the whole, you know, cross pattern on the, on the chart, they were basically selling a system. They were selling you on a, a, a system that you used that cross pattern that basically told them in advance when that cross pattern was showing up or was about to show up, letting them know when to get in on trades, the right to follow the trend of, of, you know, the stock price going up. And so, again, I just wanna reiterate this point, that the job is to get the prospect to believe that the, um, works. It's, it's not to teach them the nitty gritty details of how a unique mechanism works.

And often you have to be very careful that you're not over teaching on the details of the unique mechanism for a lot of reasons. And we're gonna get into them on the next, uh, on the next, uh, um, slide. But does that make sense? Like, does anybody, does anybody have any questions about that or anything to add to that? I, I think it's really important that, you know, we, we don't lose sight.

Uh, you know, when, when I talk about education based marketing, I'm ultimately talking about educating them on why this new unique approach works and is superior to everything else out there, why it is superior. I'm not educating them on the nitty gritty details of how it works. That's not what I'm doing. I'm teaching them on why it works. I'm introducing them to a new and different way to get something done.

And then I'm educating them through the presentation of an argument on why it works, why it's so consistent, why it's so reliable, why they can bank on it, why they can do it themselves, right? Like, and why it's superior to every other, every other approach ultimately leading them to say, I get it. I understand like that this works and I understand why it works. And so really, really important. That's really, really important, so that we're not going overboard and educating again on the mechanism, like in the inner workings of the, the mechanism.

And so some related mistakes, uh, number one is what I already said is explaining the details of how the, um, works. I, I think that this is one of the, the big mistakes that I've just been seeing more and more, you know, the, you know, it, it, I've already covered the majority of, of, of the issue here, but there's kind of a follow-up issue, which is, is related and is also, is also, is also different. And that is revealing too much about the, um, you have to be careful when you're educating about the, um, that you're not only getting, that you're not only not getting overly complicated, that you're not going into complex language, that you're not getting into jargon, that you're not getting into teaching mode, that you're not trying to teach them, you know, train them on something. You have to be careful of that, but you also have to be careful that you're not pulling the curtain back too much where it's no longer, you know, there, there's no longer anything mysterious, uh, about the unique mechanism where there's no longer curiosity about the mechanism, but you've pulled the curtain back so much that they, they, they ultimately can think to themselves, let me go and try to do this on my own and see if it works, right? In other words, you know, you take some, somebody like John who's got a, who's got a, you know, a unique methodology for, let's say running Facebook ads, for example, and ultimately, you know, updating the ads and optimizing the ads based on, you know, algorithm and feedback and numbers and data and, and all that.

Well, John, what John needs to prove is that his unique method works, right? He can explain why it works, that it, it, it's able to, you know, leverage the algorithm, uh, it's able to do X and Y and Z. It's able to do LMOP, but he doesn't have to explain how it does any of those things. The marketing is not the time or the place to explain how he does those things. There always has to be a point, right?

If, if it let me, let me, without going down a crazy rabbit hole, if John were to say, well, we're, we, we leverage the algorithm in a, in a unique way that allows us to keep our cost per click extremely low. And we do that right Now, let's say that John started to explain, if he was going to explain deeper, he still needs to explain why. Without revealing too much detail. He might say, the reason why we're able to do this is because of two prongs. One, we use what's called, you know, uh, uh, we look at neuro metrics, and the reason why neuro metrics allow this to work is because they're based on blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

But he's not telling how it works. He's not telling them how it works, and he's not telling them how to do it. He's still leaving some mystery, some curiosity about the underlying foundation, about the way that it works behind the mechanism. So he's not giving away too much mystery. You always want to leave the person saying like, I understand why this works.

Like, I could see that this thing works. I, I, I, I get, you know, I, I can wrap my head around why this, why this thing, um, um, works, but I have no idea how it works, right? Like, that's okay, whether you're selling a training program, which is gonna teach them how it works and how to do it, and how to implement and how to use it, or you're selling services, right? That's okay, as long as they believe that it does work to give them the result that they want. Remember, we're ultimately just selling them on the idea that the unique mechanism works to get them the result that they want, and it's better, it's superior to every other option.

Period. Period. And so, explaining the details about the, um, how the, um, works, right? Revealing too much about the, um, to like too much where you now remove all mystery, all curiosity, where you've basically like opened up the kimono and you're sharing everything, so to speak. The next one is, right, is teaching how to use or implement the, um, this is more of a novice mistake.

This is right when you're, you're walking people through, like, step one, you wanna do this, step one, you, you know, step two, you wanna do this, step three, you wanna do this, right? And I, I, I've seen those campaigns come across my desk where they're actually teaching people how to do the thing that they're ultimately selling. And it, in some cases, it's not overly harmful. In other cases, it is overly harmful regardless. It doesn't need to be done.

It doesn't need to be done, right? And so I would say, again, you stay away from the stay away from the how to use, how to implement, how to execute on the, um, and just sell them on the fact that it works. Right? On here's why it, here, it works, and here's why it works, not the how to stuff. Again, I don't mean to be, you know, really, you know, uh, overly repetitive, but not focusing enough on the proof of why it works, right?

Like, what I mean by this, in this particular, I don't mean not offering enough proof. I mean, going long stretches of copy where you're not bringing it back to, uh, you know, you, you, you see why this works, right? You see that this works, right? Not constantly bringing it back to you. Um, this, this works to produce the result.

This works to produce the outcome. This works to strip body fat off you. This works to get you lean. This works to give you a six pack. This is why it, it helps to burn fat.

This is why it helps to get you in great shape. This is right. This is why it's such a powerful fat burner. All of those things are ultimately saying the same thing, just many different ways, because that's what the, the prospect cares about. Remember the pro, the prospect isn't tuning into the marketing, uh, um, they're, they're, they're tuning in because they wanna see if you ultimately do have a solution that is different from the others, and that resonates with them as something that will work better than what it is that they've tried before, period.

And so not focusing enough on the proof of why it works, not bringing the message back often enough to why it works, right? And I've seen this kind of where this kind of, the explanation of the details of how the unique mechanism works, where there's paragraphs upon paragraphs of copy that is just about how the unique mechanism works, the steps of the unique mechanism, right? Step one, step two, step three, where these, where long chunks of copy are just explaining teaching without a single tieback to, that's why this works. That's why this works. That's why this works.

The last one that I put on here is, um, succumbing to the curse of knowledge. And in this context, what I really mean is, is that, is talking about, talking about why the unique mechanism works in a way that we, we need to always make sure that we're talking about why the unique mechanism works. And we're, we're choosing what to say about why the unique mechanism works based on the prospects, the audience's level of knowledge, level of understanding their words, their phrases, what they already understand. And we're not talking on our level, you know, our, you know, our level. I had a client who, you know, when I said, you know, I, I asked how, uh, you know, I said, dumb it down and explain to me, you know, explain to me how this works and talk, talk to me like I'm a second grader.

Like, right? And explain to me how this works. After his explanation, I was like, dude, you're using terms and phrases that only somebody that's already inside that's either already part of the tribe, or that's already had experience in the, you know, in, in the, in the market for an extended period of time, would, would understand. And that's a no-no, if you're talking to the masses, if you're only talking to people in the tribe or people that have e extensive experience, that's one thing. Then we're gonna use those terms because those are the terms that they use.

But you have to be careful that you don't succumb to the curse of knowledge when you're explaining, uh, or presenting the argument for why the unique mechanism works, that you're not, you're not explaining it in a way where they require a certain level of knowledge that they don't already have or that they don't have. And so, really, you know, really important. And that's, that's it, that's all I wanted to, to share with you, you, you guys today. And really the big, you know, the big thing that I, that I said, right, is don't show how it works. Present an argument for why it works, right?

And just remember, never forget, never lose the attachment of, right? It's our job to get the prospect to believe that the unique mechanism works to produce the result that they want. Period. That's, that's it. Like, don't over complicate it.

We're educating, but in this type of education is education on, there's a new way we're introducing them to that new way. We're educating them on the new way, and we're explaining to them and showing to them why it works, why it's able to produce the result so that we can create belief along with hope. But what we're not doing is teaching and getting into the weeds on the details of the unique mechanism. You don't need to do that. And so, any questions or anything that you guys would add?

Why do you think people default to the how instead of the why? 'cause like, it's like, it's, I Think it seems it does seem to come up a lot, and it's like, it's a, Yeah, I think, John, it's a great question. I, you know, I think that some people, not, not all, but you know, some people when specifically in this context, folks that have, you know, folks that are first beginning to learn about education based marketing, what they, what they, or, or how they define education, ultimately plays a role in what they believe they need to have inside of the, um, inside of their copy. You know, there are some people that believe that, you know, in order to deliver value, right? In order to deliver value in a, in, in a, in a campaign, there, there's gotta be education or we, we educate and that helps to deliver value.

But in order to deliver value, I need to tell the prospect how to do something. They need to leave with an additional skillset or, uh, or additional knowledge to be able to do something. And that's not at all the way that I look at it. I look at, if I introduce somebody to a new and different way to do something, I, I, I educate them about an alternative. And let's just say I stop there.

Let's just say I meet somebody at a social gathering and, and we're, we're talking about, you know, a, a topic, and I say, Hey, you know, have you ever heard of X, Y, Z? And they say, no. And I say, well, it's a, it's a different way. That's getting a lot of attention right now for you to, you know, bring your blood pressure down or whatever. It seems to be getting a lot of buzz.

A lot of doctors are talking about this right now. In fact, I saw such and such doctor, um, talking about it might be something that you, you know, you wanna look into. You could make an, an argument that I just educated that individual on an alternative way to reach the goal that they want. I might not have given them every piece of information that they need or every piece of information that they want, but I certainly educated them. I certainly was of value to that individual if they took me seriously.

And if they decided to go and do a little research on their own. Well, now, if we took it a step further and we introduced them to a new and different way, and we explain to them like, look, the the reason why this this way is getting a lot of buzz is because it's superior to every other way. See, because every other way tries to attack the problem by doing element op, but scientists have just discovered that LMN op doesn't really get to the root cause of the problem. This thing does get to the root cause of the pro of, of, of the, um, of the problem. In fact, Harvard said recently in a study about this thing that we're right, we're still, we're educating them, right?

We're giving even more value. We're opening their eyes to something new and different, and something even more valuable than what it is that they've been exposed to, um, already. But we're not getting into the nitty gritty details of the, you know, if we were talking about a supplement or a medication like this's, it's a five part molecule that's a hexagon, you know, coupled with a, you know, hydrogen atom, and we're not getting into the nitty gritty details. We're getting into enough information so that they can believe that it works. Sometimes that requires more information than other times, right?

Like some topics require a little bit more education based marketing than others. But ultimately, our focus is always like, why is this superior? Right? Why does this work, right? Why is this able to produce results and produce them more consistently than, um, than anything else?

And so I really think that for a lot of people, they get caught up in, they hear education based marketing, and now they associate education with instructional content. Uh, right. Instructional information and instructional information in their mind is often, you know how to, but we know, because we've been around long enough to really understand, like, look, you know, you could tell people the top 10 mistakes that, you know, that people make when trying to lower their blood pressure. You're not actually telling them how to do anything different or new. You're just telling them the mistakes.

That's still enormously valuable. You could still, right? Like you can, you can educate them on, you know, um, you know, why, you know, the, the top five, you know, heart healthy foods are, you know, are the top five heart healthy foods, right? You're not, you're not necessarily getting into the weeds in what they should do the deep, like, you're not giving them, right? You're educating them on a topic.

And so that education can come in the form of introducing them to something new and different and explaining to them why it works. And so I think that that's, you know, I think a lot of people that we see are people that just start to learn about education-based marketing, hear education, and they associate, you know, instructional content with education instead of looking at, you know, uh, looking at shaping someone's perspective, reframing for them as also educational and valuable. Perfect. Yeah. And just to add, um, to that question, I think sometimes people are not very clear themselves why they're just from working with clients and unpacking their mechanisms.

Sometimes they're not clear. Another type, uh, another category is when they think it's automatic, it should be clear already why Yeah. It's working. It's kind of relates to the, uh, curse of knowledge, you know? Yeah.

Yeah. That's, that's a great point. You know, like, I think that, you know, this is often, you know, it's that curse of knowledge where we overestimate what it is that the prospect understands, should understand, should immediately grasp, should immediately get. And you know, we have to make sure that those dots are connected for the prospect. Sometimes, you know, if they're easy dots to connect, we can set them up to be able to connect them on their own.

Other times we have to connect the dots, right? The, and you know, I, I really think that even like, look, even the most, especially the most complex of mechanisms need to be boiled down to something simple to understand, right? Like, we, we cannot overestimate the importance of simplifying the explanation of why this thing works. Like, right? Like we, we, I cannot, uh, you know, overstate that the, the importance of simplifying.

Like I cannot overstate how important it is to simplify our explanation, our presentation of the unique mechanism to something so simple that the average individual can grasp it. And, you know, it, it, it is, it's so interesting that, you know, when you look at the offers, offers out there in a variety of different markets and niches that go mainstream, that just acquire, you know, thousands, tens of thousands of buyers and, you know, at, at scale and are crushing it, they're always very easy to understand. They're always very easy to understand, right? They not only use everyday language right in there, but they're just easy to understand. The explanation isn't, you know, it's, there's, it's not filled with jargon.

In fact, often, more often than not, there is no jargon in there. It's just a simple, you know, it's a, it's, it's a simple explanation. And I think that's really, you know, from a copy perspective, I think that's what made Gary Halbert so good that, you know, Gary Halbert wa you know, you would think if you read Gary's, you know, Gary's copy, you would think that he probably had a very limited vocabulary that he was, you know, always wrapped up in shenanigans that he probably wasn't a super smart guy. That none of that was true. Like he was wrapped up in a lot of shenanigans.

But he, he had an extensive vocabulary. He was a smart guy, but what he knew to do was he knew how to write on that everyday man's language level. He knew how to write and ex write in a way where it was easy to read. It felt very natural for the average individual. And all of his explanations were super simple to understand.

You didn't have to sit back and think, well, how does that work? What about the that? Like, it was, you know, it was A, plugs into B and b plugs into C, and you're off to the races. That was it. He didn't have this.

It's a hexagon of shape, and this one's a pie shape, and this one's a and you plug it in, and it was none of that. It was a, plugs into B, B plugs into C boom, the puzzle's complete, and you're off to the races. And he figured out how to take the complex and make it simple. And I think that that's a skillset, uh, you know, that we don't, we don't talk often enough about taking the complex and making it simple. Anybody can, can take the complex and present it as complex.

And certainly anybody can take the simple, well, many people can take the simple and present it as complex. It takes a skillset to take the complex and present it as simple. And I don't think there's a, any more important aspect of an E five campaign when doing that than the presentation of the unique mechanism. When, you know, when we're presenting the unique mechanism, they have to feel, I get it, it's simple, right? Like, if they feel like it's complex and complicated, that's when you create that fear and doubt in them that maybe I won't be able to do this.

Maybe I won't be able to follow on. Maybe it won't work for me. There's too many moving parts, right? There's too, you know, there's too much going on for me. I could blow this, right?

No simple. And so just remember, right? Like, my job is to get the prospect to believe that the unique mechanism works to produce the result that they want. Period. That's my job.

I just wanna get them to believe that it works. And so, right. If I can do that without explaining any part of how the unique mechanism works, great. I'm doing it. I'm doing it.

And I'm gonna try to keep my focus on why it works and not how it works. Cool. All right. That's all she wrote. Yep.

30, almost 30 minutes on the dot almost. I love it. All right, you guys are outta here. I will see you next week. Have an amazing day guys.

Thanks. So, yep.
