---
title: "cc_ 2024-07-30"
date: 2024-07-30
duration: 44m
duration_seconds: 2686
vimeo_id: 992254562
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-07-30

**Date:** 2024-07-30 | **Duration:** 44m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

And all right, so this week what we're gonna do is we are gonna talk about, uh, creating new hooks for campaigns. And I wanna show you one slide. I've got a little, like, ultimately what we're talking about is being able to present the same offer over and over and over through different campaigns with different hooks, angles, and perspectives. And I'm gonna show you the six different ways that you can approach coming up with a different hook angle perspective for these different campaigns. This can also be used for, um, for things like email follow up.

So you can think about, uh, you know, email follow up. Like if you're thinking about, and I've talked about this before, if you're thinking about, well, what else can I say to folks besides what it is that I've already said? Well, this is also something that you can do. You can write, come up with a different hook angle perspective, approach, a different direction to come at the same offer, uh, um, um, offer with, um, and so we're gonna cover the, the six different ways. The foundation of this.

I'm gonna show you my, my screen, and then I'm gonna bring up the, um, the slide deck over here. And we, we, we have, we've talked about this before, but I wanna put this into some additional context. So what this, like, I don't want you to merely think about this as ways for coming up with a hook for a marketing campaign. What this is really about is how to come up with new hooks, how to update the hook, how to change the hook, how to have an additional opportunity, um, to market the, the same offer. And so really the foundation of what I'm talking about is something like I, is something like this where, you know, I think that often what a lot of entrepreneurs and marketers do is, especially ones that don't have a, uh, a deep backend or a significant suite of products and offers, right?

Like, which is typically only found in the, typically in either co e-commerce or in the information product business. What they do is they end up running a, a campaign or an offer. And whatever they get from that campaign or offer is what they get for that, uh, for that offer. In other words, like whatever sales they generate from that campaign, with that one hook, with that one argument, uh, that's what it is that they get. And the reality is, is that we have the opportunity, and we've talked about this actually at top one, we have the opportunity to create multiple campaigns for the same product, for the, even the same exact offer.

We don't even have to update the offer. We have different ways of, uh, or different opportunities to present a marketing message for the same offer. So you could have a VSL campaign for a, uh, uh, uh, for a particular offer, and then there are gonna be a certain percentage of people that buy. And then of course, there's gonna be a larger percentage of people that don't buy. Well, that's an opportunity to potentially drop them into a second campaign immediately that has a different hook, different angle, and different, uh, deliverability format.

And so in this case, you could have a book campaign, right? That is ultimately the same topic. Um, now in this case, it's a different offer, but it is ultimately, um, you, you could potentially just use a book that then leads to the same offer. You could then follow that up with a webinar campaign. You could follow that up with a sales letter campaign.

You could follow that up then with another VSLA different VSL with a different hook, a different angle for the same product, for the same offer. And so this isn't only about up updating a marketing campaign, updating a hook for a single marketing campaign. This is about seeing the different opportunities that you have to come up with a new hook to roll out a second or third or fourth campaign for the same product for the same offer. And so, does that make sense? You're, you're saying a new hook and a new medium.

So yes. So in other words, right, this is like, like, look, you, so you in, in this, right? So ultimately you could have a new medium, you could go from VSL to a webinar, right? And so you, but you could also do a second VSL. You could use the same delivery medium, the same delivery medium, and just change the hook, change the angle, right?

But, so you can also do this by changing the medium. And I think there's, there, look, I think that there is value, there's value obviously in both. The value in the medium is that not everybody consumes information the same way, right? Not, not everybody can, uh, consumes the same information in the same format. We know that there are visual learners, there are auditory learners, there are people that like to read.

There are people that hate to read that would never read a full-blown sales letter. And so certainly by giving them different formats for consuming the, the, the, the content, we certainly increase our, our likelihood of them consuming the content. But we can increase the likelihood even more if we tweak the angle, if we give a little bit of a different perspective on that. And so, if you really think about this for one second, if you really think about what the, kind of the question what Teddy just asked, you really do have the opportunity to really have a, a, a number of different campaigns for an offer where you could have a, a, let's say you could have a VSL, let, let's just call it you, you could actually make this hook one, right? And just all of these, you know, up to the sales letter being hook one, and then you could start it over with hook two, and then have the same thing, VSL book, webinar, uh, um, sales letter, video series if you wanted.

And then do the same thing again for, right, for hook three, all presenting the same offer. So this is right, like if you've got, you know, if and when you've got, let's say, a flagship product, you know, there are many in the information course creation market that have a flagship product. Well, like this, like what their approach tends to be like. We've got one campaign with some follow up, you know, uh, for that campaign, that is the driver for that core offer. And when they don't sell the quantity of that core offer that they ultimately want, what they end up doing is creating something new and then creating a campaign to sell the new thing.

When I would say that before you do that, create a secondary campaign for that same core offer. Create a third campaign for that core offer, change up the delivery, um, format and change up the hook, right? Like in you, like I said, you could do it any number of, uh, of different ways, but giving yourself this, this a, a second swing at the bat, a third swing at the bat, a fourth swing at the bat, right? Sometimes we also know that from a hook perspective, that there are some hooks and angles, some problems, some benefit statements or promises that don't resonate with some and others that do, right? So just because one promise didn't resonate with a certain segment of the audience doesn't mean that a different promise wouldn't resonate with them for the same product or the same, the same offer.

Just because one problem didn't resonate with them doesn't mean that another problem wouldn't resonate with them, um, for the same product, the same offer. So you've just, you, you've gotta recognize that it's not this like one and done, this whole idea of just one and done to me is crazy because it, it, it comes from this place of, I have to believe, it comes from this place of I've identified the one hook I've identified the one promise I've identified the one problem that like, unless this resonates with everybody, I'm done. Right? Like, I've got nothing else to, to say. And so, does that make sense?

Yeah. Yeah. And you, and you don't even have to change even. So you've got the mediums, but then you could also just very simply for a different hook be the, you know, moving, moving towards gain or away from pain, right? Like Sure.

Which is one of the things that Sure. Which is one of the things that we're gonna actually talk about. Absolutely. Right? And so that's another way to, you know, to, um, to approach it.

The point is really just the kind of, the very basic simple point, is that, right? Like, you don't have to be one and done, because there are a lot of things that like, you know, there are a lot of different angles, perspectives, storylines, problems, promises that, um, that may not resonate, and others that will resonate with different segments. And so there's no reason to not have a, um, a different, uh, a different angle. Uh, and so let's talk about the, you know, the different approaches for changing up the, um, the hook. So you certainly can just focus on a different payoff, a different result, a different outcome, a different transformation, a different promise, right?

Like John, you and I have, have, um, talked, you know, it, um, you and I talked and I talked with Paul about this idea of, you know, of differentiation and how a lack of, let's say, differentiation in a lot of markets is really the root cause of why they're having a lot of these issues. A a lot of the symptoms, like, uh, things like, let's say I'm talking now from a problem perspective, like, uh, you know, a, a lot of times people will, let's say they've got low, let's say click-through rates on their ads, they may think that their targeting is off. They may think that their creative is off that, right? They might think that they need better copy, right? Um, to improve those things.

In a lot of cases, it's because there's no differentiation in what it is that they're offering. It sounds, feels, and comes across like everything else. And so, right, but differentiation, uh, also, um, could play a role in why they're getting, let's say, low click through rates on their, um, on their email, their email follow up could be also playing a role in why they're getting, um, low sales conversions on their core, on their core offer, for example. And so, right, all of those things can be positioned the other side of the equation. What's the promise associated with ads and getting your ads, you know, clicked on?

What's the promise on the marketing side, uh, email marketing side of things in terms of getting clicks? What is the, um, the, uh, the opposite of low sales convert, right? Is, is boosting sales conversion. So if you're only focusing on how to get more clicks on your ads, let's say, maybe you can change the promise, you can change the promise from clicks on ads to, you know, to, um, more traffic from your email. You might not even touch on either of those, and you might focus on improving sales conversion rate, right?

We could still be selling differentiation, right? We could still be selling in this example, a differentiation program and a training on differentiation. But you can focus on a different promise, a different payoff, a different result, right? So the right, we know that oftentimes we see in the online marketing and business building space, we see things like how to, you know, how to get more clients, because that's ultimately, or how to get more customers, how to get more clients. But there's a, a different way that we can, we can promise that maybe it's not more, maybe it's more consistent, maybe it's predictable revenue, right?

And so the point is very simply, you know, is just changing the promise, changing what you're, you're focusing on the, the main transformation, the main result, the main outcome. That's one way to change up the hook. Make sense? Right? Pretty straightforward, right?

It's not, there's not like one, you know, like always, you know, look, we know there's more than one payoff that would interest people in the market. There are some that maybe are gonna be interested in getting more clicks on their ads. There are some that may be interested in getting more clicks on their emails. Uh, there are some that may be interested in getting more, uh, higher conversions, uh, you know, from their, um, from their core offer. There.

We could even have a campaign about differentiation for upsells, right? Like, and, and what, and so the point is, is that right? You can change up the promise, change off the payoff, change off the result that you are focusing on in line with that is kind of, you know, is open with a different problem or a different pain point or symptom that they're dealing with, right? So this is, if you're doing the typical kind of problem, agitate, solve, you know, um, approach, well, you can open up with a different problem. We know, again, looking at that example of the differentiation, that there are lots of symptoms or pain points, problems that marketers have that really ultimately in my belief, stems from a lack of differentiation, what I choose to focus on in terms of the problem, right?

That could change from campaign to campaign. So there are lots of problems that differentiation can solve. And so changing up the problem or pain point, um, is, uh, is one of the other ways to change the hook. It's very simple and very straightforward. The other thing is, like Teddy said, is going from either a towards gain to a away from pain, right?

Um, or, or in the other direction, or vice versa, right? And so going from, you know, away from pain to towards gain. And so that's another shift that you can, um, you can make. And so before we go on, anything that you two would, would add to this, is there anything, John, that you've done in this realm with add creative or anything that you would add or ask as it relates to these first two? 'cause they're pretty straightforward.

I think they're pretty straightforward. Is there any, like, is there any ones that you, you default to as a, like a, as a first point of call? Uh, so I think that, that's a great question, man. I think that where my mind goes is, I think I, I always wanna be aware of what everybody else is doing and saying in the marketplace. And so a lot of what I'm going to do stems from what I see already being done.

And so, like, right? Like, so if I see everybody focusing on, let's say, um, a, uh, promise, like, uh, of how to get more clients, I may, uh, I'll, I'll start with changing up the promise to be different from them, and I'll go with something else, right? If I see a lot of people addressing a certain pain point, and I believe that there is a gap, there is a pain point that the market has that nobody else is addressing or isn't addressing, well, then I may go there. So a lot of what it is that where I'll go to is driven always by, by what I see happening in the marketplace, because again, I'm looking to, you know, I'm not just looking to change the hook, but I'm also looking to change the hook to something that's gonna be fresh, unique, and different from everybody else, even when it's a straight promise based, or even when it's a straight, you know, relieve this problem. And so, does that make sense?

Yeah, pretty straightforward though, right? But I think that even the sheer recognition that you can promise more than one thing, or like, like there are, right? I have to believe that, you know, even with weight loss, there are, you know, like you, you certainly can promise weight, you could promise, you know, inches, you could promise, you know, uh, um, dropping X number of clothes, um, sizes. You could have a promise related to health. You could have a promise related to longevity.

You could have a promise related to anti eight. You could have a promise related to energy. You could have a promise related to pain, you know, like, you know, knee pain, uh, related to weight and weight loss. Like, there's a lot of different promises that you can make. Um, same thing with, you know, with pain points.

Think about weight loss, think about dieting and think about all of the different pain points that people have, even the, the smaller ones, right? Like, we tend to think very huge, right? In like the big ones, like, I can't lose weight, but there are so many others like willpower to stick to the, the, um, the diet, the, the, the, the money to, um, spend or invest in quality food. Um, I don't have, you know, I'm terrible with, um, with meal prep. I have lots of food allergies.

Like, there are so many different pain points that, um, that, uh, that we could focus on, uh, that we could bring to the forefront that people are dealing with in the market that are being ignored by others. And so, okay, next is leverage a different core emotion. So we know that, um, it was, uh, the late great Clayton make piece that really kind of, I don't wanna say pioneered, but really was the big proponent of the dominant resident emotion. That there's always one emotion that we're trying to tap into and leverage, right? Sometimes those, that core emotion is kind of, I would categorize it as negative, you know, like fear, um, you know, anxiety, worry, that sort of kind of category, right?

Like, um, and then there are a whole host of other more positive emotions. It, you know, let's just put greed underneath there, for example, right? And so obviously it's important to recognize in, in a market at a given time, right? Is there a predominant dominant resident emotion? Um, um, we wanna be aware of that, but we have the chance, we have the opportunity to change the dominant emotion that we're, we're trying to stimulate and use because not, you know, there are, while there are people at any one time, let's say, that are fearful of the economy, there are people, there are a segment of the market, there's a segment of the market that maybe is more positive with the, with the, um, with the market right now, uh, you know, there's a lot of people, more common people are very fearful with the, um, with the market, but you see what I'm saying, leveraging a different core emotion.

Sometimes it could be going from negative to positive, or going from positive to negative, right? Like a, a again, with every, you know, I don't care what it is, whether it, let's say diabetes, you could have a negative emotion that you're trying to stir up in somebody. Like the fear of losing a limb, the fear of, you know, your pancreas not working anymore, the fear of going blind, the fear of contributing to, you know, to cardiovascular disease, all because your diabetes is, you know, is out of control. All, you know, the fear of it damaging your kidneys, all the fears associated with diabetes, or right? You can focus on the, um, on the positive side of the emotion.

And so there's not one emotion that you could say blanket every single person in the marketplace it's going to resonate with. Does that make sense? Yeah. So, so I mean, this is so timely, man. 'cause I literally just wrote, uh, an an email invite sequence to, to a webinar that we're doing on longevity.

And I feel like I am, like, I'm, I'm mixing and matching all of these, trying to cover all the bases, right? So like, for longevity time, like, it's both like fear that you might die too soon, and the greed of, you know, and this is for ultra high net worth individuals, so it's the greed part of not only potentially getting in early on these companies, uh, but also being able to enjoy all the wealth that you've created, right? And so, uh, and then same thing, like different reasons for, for potentially being interested in this. Um, and so the question is, should you mix and match, try to try to cover it all or stay focused to one core emotion, one key promise. Well, so give me a little bit of additional context.

When you say, should you mix and match, or should you stay focused on one? Are you talking about in an entire marketing message? Are you talking about in an email? Or what are you talking About? Yeah, like, like a single, like a single email, right?

Like for, For me, in a single email, I would, I would focus on one, I would be tight with one. Um, now look, what I will say is that like, look, I would, I would, you know, and this is, it's interesting that, that you asked this question because, uh, I was doing a training with one of the email marketers over at Wealth With God, um, yesterday, and I talked about like, look, before you write the email, I think it's important, number one to know what is the theme of the email that you're about to write. Like, so before you sit down and you write a word of copy, like, what is the theme of this email? What is the belief that I am trying to get this person to, to have, or the feeling or emotion that I'm trying to, um, to, to get them to have? And you really wanna keep those out in front of you because you wanna make sure that you, you, you really use the rule of one, especially in email when, you know, like people are reading, people are consuming these things on their mobile devices.

I'm a big, I'm a much bigger believer in, you know, in shorter rather than kind of these long, you know, like essay, uh, um, style, personally, um, style. Um, and so I would recommend that you keep it tight. Now, in a sales message, what you can do is you can go from the dominant resident of motion that you're appealing to in the lead, in the headline, you know, the deck copy and the lead. And then when you get into, let, let's say you go from problem agitate the problem into solution. Well, when you're going, when you're, when you're, you nail you hit the problem, and then you agitate the problem, right?

And you open up with the problem, you are, you're creating this, you're leveraging this fear based emotion, this negative based emotion. But when you then go into the solution, that's when you relieve them of that, that's when the bright light shines through. It's kind of like, right? It's, it's kind of like the, in the beginning when problem agitate, right? It's black and white, it's doom and gloom, it's ugh.

But the beauty is, ah, color, there's a solution for you. And here's what it does. And so what you don't wanna do is you don't wanna have this mixing in at the same time in the sales message where you're kind of like, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're prodding the pain, but then you're immediately like relieving it. And so that's why it's problem agitate, solve, right? This is a problem that you're having.

You got, you got, you know, you've got diabetes, your blood sugar is outta control. You're waking up in the morning likely, and your blood sugar is sky high problem. Well, here's the issue that you, right, that you need to be aware of. 72 out of, you know, 72% of all diabetic. And now we're gonna agitate the problem.

And agitating the problem is where we really kind of twist that night, where we future pace the, like, this is what's at risk. This is what we're talking about, sadly, right? People lose their kids. Sadly, you know, people go blind according to the Harvard Medical Review, da, da, da, da, you could lose it. Dark doom, gloom, fear.

Woo. Thankfully new research has exposed a way for you to get out of all of that. And the beauty is that it can extend your life by 10 years. Let me tell you all about it. Boom, right?

And so it's all about sequencing in a longer form message, but in email, I would, yeah, like be aware of the theme of the email, like the topic, the theme, right? Be aware of start off, like what am I trying to get them to believe? Or what am I trying to get them to feel in this? And then I would hit it. And then you can save the other emotion or the other problem, or the other payoff for a different email.

And so that's the, the, the, the beauty, right? Like, you know, the beauty is that, so when I was working with this, the email marketer, what we did was I helped him to create a list of all of the different pieces of content that could be used in the email follow-up sequence, right? As part of the email follow-up sequence. And right, we covered, of course, things like, you know, the different benefits of, of the, of the offer, different deliverables and the bonuses and, and, and, and, and all that jazz. But a big part of it was, what are all the pain points, right?

And we would cover those one at a time. Like, if you're dealing with x, boom, that's one email. If you're dealing with y, boom, that's another email. If you're dealing with element OP, that's ano, you know, like l that's another email, right? And also, different, different, um, results.

Those could be, um, separate emails. Now, sometimes you'll go from problem right, to payoff, right? But you're not gonna mix them in at the same time. Does that, does that make sense? Depending on the length of, right, like sometimes you might go from problem to pay.

There always has to be, when you touch on a problem, Teddy, when you touch on a pain point, when you touch on a symptom, there always has to be a promise of payoff, right? So even if it's just one sentence in the email, like there has to be a promise of payoff, so you can still scare the bejesus out them. And then there needs to be the one promise of payoff. And usually that's the call to action. Like, that's the, you know, like, right?

Like there's a fix, and I just posted a new video that walks you through it, it's super simple, boom. But everything else leading up to that point, scared the bejesus out of them. Yeah, I, I, I think that's the, I think the core issue here is that I'm not, not a hundred percent clear on what problem this thing solves other than it's a, a fear of missing out play, right? But, And, and that may be you look, you know, that may be, that may be it. Like, don't, you know, that may be it.

You know, one thing that I would say, you know, of course, you know, like, look, and this is just a total, a total aside. So again, going back to this, this time with this particular, you know, email marketer. So one of the things that I would say is, and this goes without saying, is that it's so important, dude, that you, um, that you get, you get all the information that you need to be able to make these decisions and write the, write the copy, write the marketing. In other words, like I said to this, you know, to the, to the email marketer, I'm like, look, you gotta get on with Jim, and you gotta do an interview. And these are the questions that you need to ask because you're operating from a place of not fully knowing enough about this thing to write enough compelling emails.

And so, right? Like, what is the problem? What is the issue? What is the emotion? What is the payoff?

Why would they wanna do this? Why does that matter? How is this gonna change their life? Right? Like, how would they feel if they missed out on this?

Like, right. Do they have they had that feeling before? Like, why is that, why is capitalizing on this important, all those, like, you could never have too much information. You could only have not enough. This is why, like, I think it was, um, Eugene Schwartz, I think it was Eugene Schwartz who talked about like, you know, like, have a hand truck when you research, you know, like back in the day, like, 'cause you should, you, you, you can never have too much information to pull from.

You can only have enough. And so, yeah, you need to really get clear, like, um, um, on this. And if the pain point, like if the main driver is like, I, I missed out before, I don't wanna miss out on this, right? Like that is, you know, like, look, that is a, uh, a agreed play slash fomo, you know what I mean? That to me is agreed play slash fomo.

Like, this thing's gonna be huge. Unfortunately, 99% of the people reading this email are gonna miss out, and here's why, right? And my gosh, if you've ever missed out on, like, if you've missed out on getting in on Google, you missed out on getting in on this, you missed out on getting on this, man, I know how you feel, and it would suck to see you miss out on this again. Right? So here's your, like that, it's greed slash fomo, right?

And so, um, so, but you need to understand, like, you need to make sure that, you know, the primary driver, the primary emotion, all that kind of stuff. Yep. Yep. Okay. Next is also, and I, I really think that these are really kind of really straightforward.

They are straightforward, not, I think, but the beauty is the, the reminder of the value of changing up the hook and the opportunity to change up the hook, recognizing that for every offer, there are so many different angles that you can, that you can take, right? There are so many different approaches that you can, that you can take. And so, um, this is just shifting the, the, the level, the level of directness in the lead. And what I mean by that is, right, just going more direct. So if you're really using an indirect lead, have you tested a direct lead indirect being, you know, a story or narrative or you know, that the whole, you know, like when I, I, I told you guys about the story of like, I started reading a campaign years ago, and it was somehow, I don't remember, it was like about Hillary Clinton or something, and all of a sudden in the end, they were selling like an olive leaf extract supplement.

And I'm like, how did we get from Hillary Clinton to and olive leaf extract supplement, but they were able to, to make it work. The point is that going from less direct to more direct or more direct to less direct, right? Why? Because we know that the, the, the, the level of directness appeals to different levels of prospect awareness. And so one level might not appeal to, right?

If you're going super direct, that might not appeal to, or won't appeal to the lower levels of prospect awareness. And so by shifting the level of awareness, you can change, um, you can change, uh, the impact pretty, I mean, my gosh, uh, you know, using a different story, uh, a different story, a different narrative, right? And so, like, if you've got a, you know, like, uh, I've seen this used so many times. I, I love this. I really wanted to, um, test this at some point.

Uh, I just got lazy with this. I've seen in the financial publishing world, they'll, they have campaigns that are written as if they are coming from one of their subscribers, telling their, their story, their journey, like from struggling to discovery to result, right? Um, and then offer for the newsletter. Well, think about how many times you can do that. You can do that an infinite number of times if you have an infinite number of stories, right?

Like if you have a dozen different stories of people that, right? Like went from where the prospect is discovered the thing, and now is where the prospect wants to be. You can have a variety of different stories, a variety of different narratives, um, uh, that all lead to the same exact offer, right? You could also just change up the change up the, the, um, the general story. The general narrative.

Like, in other words, if you're not using a case study or you're not using a story that's coming from a customer, uh, and when these, when these campaigns were created, it's like, Hey, my name's, you know, my name's Bob Jones, you know, uh, you know, I'm just like you. I live in Indiana, you know, I drive a Ford pickup. I blah, blah, blah, blah, you know, uh, but I'm also a paid subscriber of the x, Y, z, um, newsletter. When I first started, I didn't have two nickels to rub together, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And so it's as if it's coming from the, um, the, but you could also do this with a new narrative.

And then finally, the last thing was just, you know, a radical change in voice or verbiage behind the copy. So, you know, this is, uh, you know, this could be in so many different, so many different, uh, there are so many different ways to do this. You could do this from, I know that you guys have, have, uh, you're aware of the, like, uh, like the reluctant hero, you know, like going from the reluctant hero to more of the aggressive advisor, um, going from the more, going from the hypey to the more conservative, um, in terms of voice. And this could also just include radical change in, in, um, in copy, like the actual style of copy used. And so these are, without, without spending any more time, do you have any questions about these?

Yeah. Or Anything that you would add to it? The question, and I think I know the answer to this, but like, part of my brain is like, okay, the, the speed of, you know, I like to implement fast. So in terms of like the speed of implementation, how important is it in your mind that when you change the hooks, that you do it across the board versus just changing it in one element and keeping the other elements the same? So say, for example, like focusing more, say, let's say we have a specific problem or pain point or symptom that we're speaking about on the, the main sales message of the, the campaign.

So like the, let's say we're going to a long form sales page. Mm-Hmm. How so if we're switching up the hook and our ads, I've been talking about that specific problem, pain point symptoms and everything else, how important is it that we're gonna switch up the hook that we do it across the board. We don't just switch up the hooks on the ads, but we also switch it up on the sales page and everything else as well? Yeah.

So it's a, it's a great question. And so I'll give you kind of a twofold answer here. So the first answer is, I do think that it's important. Um, I think that to, to change it across the board, because I think that you, if you don't change it across the board, you do run the risk of having incongruent ads and landing pages. If there's one hook in the ad, and then there's a completely different hook in the, uh, you know, on the landing page, let's just say you do run the risk of there being, you know, a lack of congruence there and people being like, that's not what I was clicking, you know, on the, on the ad for, so I do believe that it's, it, it's important.

That being said, the second thing that I would say is I, I would test it, you know, I, I would test not changing it and see what happens, right? Because again, that's, you know, I'm, you know, I'm speculating that it, it's that important and, you know, look, I, uh, you know, I'm all about To see if the click through improves. You certainly could, you know, that's a, you, you know, you certainly could test it on the ad, uh, the ad copy to see if the click-through rate, uh, improves or, you know, or changes. Um, you certainly could do that. You know, I, I do think that, you know, it's important to have congruence, but at the same time, I know that changing the ad copy, changing the landing page, changing the opening of A VSL, those things take time.

They're not easy to do. And so, yeah, I, I do think that it's worth testing. Like look, I, I, I'm a big believer man in, you know, I go back to that whole, you know, we're in the what business, not the why. I don't know why things sometimes don't work, and I don't know why things sometimes do work, right? There are things that, you know, like I would bet against a lot of things not working that have worked, and I would bet against a lot of things working that haven't worked.

And so, you know, like I don't, uh, point being that I, I think that when you have an asset, I would test it and I would test it. Like I would, I would look to test it as quickly as possible, even if it's not, um, 100% the way that I would ideally want it, right? And so I would test changing the, you know, changing it in the, in the ad or changing it on the landing page and seeing, you know, and seeing what happens. I certainly would test that, but I do believe that, yeah, I believe that it's important to, uh, to have that congruence across the board. Would, would you add, uh, writing to a different level of awareness on this list?

Or is that covered in one of these already? Um, so I would say that the shift in the level of directness is really kind of, you're ultimately saying really the same thing as like, so what you're saying is really the same thing as changing the level of directness. When you change the level of directness, you are ultimately changing the level of prospect awareness that you're speaking to. So it's not, you're not necessarily, you're, you're, you, you could make the case that you're targeting a different level with the, the message, but you're appealing to a different level of awareness with how direct the lead is, right? So we know that like, look, if you're extremely direct, buy one, get one free of the, of this, right?

You're not gonna appeal to the lower levels of awareness. And so by going less direct, right, you will then appeal to those lower levels of a, of prospect, um, awareness, or you can appeal to the lower levels. Yep. I think for, you know, to go back to, I, I, and, uh, John, I don't think was really asking this question, but you know, I, I think that you could really live in the first two bullets for an extended period of time. And I think that those are really, uh, you know, those are, are, are, are certainly, you know, are certainly biggies.

Like those are ones that, you know, while I would say that, you know, certainly a different story, you know, can servee as you know, a different hook, the, the, a change in the payoff, a change in the promise, the result, a change in the problem that you are, um, uh, uh, um, addressing those two are things that scream. Those two are things that can radically change the result of a campaign. And then kind of secondary to those two, I would certainly say the core emotion, right? Like the core emotion is, is, right, but secondary to those two you can live with, change the promise, change the payoff, change the problem. This is why it's so important to always, you've heard me say this so many times, to keep your finger on the pulse of the market and to fully understand what are all of the problems that they're dealing with today?

What are all of the issues? What are all of the obstacles? What are all of the frustrations that they're dealing with today? Remember that those things can change problems that folks had a year ago, or two years ago or three years ago might no longer exist. And problems that didn't exist a year ago, six months ago may exist right now.

And the, as it relates to the promise, the payoff, the result, we've gotta be aware of changes in the market in terms of new competitors coming along, in terms of things going from a pattern interrupt to a pattern. Like even in terms of promises can become patterns, right? Like we see it in the, um, in the, whatever the done for you, uh, you know, you'll get, you know, whatever, a dozen new high paying, you know, high ticket clients every month, or we work for free, right? Like, you now see that promise out the wazoo everywhere. And so purely from a differentiation perspective, I might, I, I would focus on something else.

I would see is there a different way to articulate that promise? Or is there a different promise that we can make? Maybe it's, instead of focusing on the quantity of high ticket clients, maybe it's focusing on the lifetime value of those clients, the quality of those clients. Maybe it's focusing on, um, on the consistency of the high ticket clients, right? Maybe instead of like, instead of saying, you know, instead of promising volume, maybe it's not right, I'll get you 12 clients a month.

Maybe it's right. Like, you'll get two clients, two new high ticket clients every week for the next year. Like, right? And so sometimes it's just changing it up a little bit to, um, to avoid being categorized with everybody else. Maybe it's a different way to ultimately, uh, address what it is that they really want.

That now is a new need based on a change in the market, if that makes sense. Or, or want now a new want, if that makes sense. I'm rambling. Yeah. And guys, we just go, we discussed this, uh, like maybe it was probably a couple of months ago at this stage, but this kind, it kind of comes back to what, what we discussed, which was, when it comes to campaign campaigns and like scaling and everything else, it's more often than not, people give up too soon.

They're like, oh, this doesn't work. I'll go on to the next thing. When the reality is there's, you have a lot of options to still promote your same offer, just coming at it from a different angle at a different hook and, and presenting it in a different way. But we give up too soon because, you know, we're, we're lazy. So We well said.

I think, you know, really, you know, really well said. I mean, look, I, I think this is why, you know, look, uh, and we talked about this at top one, I think it was, um, Mike Bon tempo when, you know, like he was working on one campaign for like six months or so, might have been longer than that, A front end campaign, a very low ticket, um, campaign, at least for six months before he got the thing to work. Tweaking, changing angles, changing promises, changing copy. Like working on that thing, right? And, and so, you know, that's a such a, a different mindset from the typical marketer and entrepreneur that kind of tries something once, maybe twice.

And when the result isn't there, they're like, you know this, I'm gonna do something. I'm gonna change to something else. I'm gonna change, right? I'm gonna, I'm gonna go somewhere else. Not recognizing that like, this is a game of iteration.

This really is direct response is a game of iteration. That's why there is testing. That's why, you know, campaigns go through multiple variations. That's why you hear stories like about P 90 x, how it wasn't until like their 23rd infomercial variation, did it click the first, I believe it was 22, did not work, like, didn't produce, you know, positive ROI, and it was only on the 23rd iteration. Did it, you know, did it click and did it pay off?

Well, how many people out there have done 23 different VSLs for the same offer, or 23 different campaigns for the same core offer? It's convicting for me as well, really, right? It's convicting for me. I don't have anything where I produce 23 different versions of A VSL or 23 different versions of a, of a sales letter. But the point is, right, that, right, that is, that is the game.

And we, even me give up way too early on, uh, on campaigns, and I really just think my gosh, like I, I think, you know, there's really no excuse for not having more marketing campaigns in a business, even if you don't have more products or more offers. Like, so you could have one offer and you could have a marketing campaign that runs every two weeks, right? You could have, you know, you could have 24 different campaigns that are ultimately selling the same thing. And do you think, right, for those listening, right? Do you think you would increase your odds of generating a sale if you had 24 different campaigns, that 20, uh, A-V-S-L-A webinar, a video series, a secondary VSLA, a sales letter, a second sales letter, all of these different campaigns that were chained together over the course of time, do you think that you would increase your odds of generating more sales?

I would certainly say so. And so there you go. And, and that's A perfect example, right? It's like, you know, because like the two things, like right now, there, there is no excuse not to have that many campaigns because this is what AI was built for, right? And, and you'll notice that it's actually not a promise being made by most of the AI tools of like, that's a great promise.

Like this is how you scale and can test 24 different campaigns to find the winner kind Of thing. I mean, see how, right? Like, look, that's right. You can turn it into that. You could turn it into, right, like multiplying the lifetime value of buy, you could turn it into, right?

Like multiplying your sales conversion rate, right? Because like, look, if you're, you know, if you're looking at like, it's not just if you're, if you're quantifying sales conversion rate based on how, what percentage of prospects you convert into buyers, well then you can look at multiple campaigns to determine that sales conversion rate. Like if you generate 10,000 prospects today, right? You could either look at sales conversion rate based on one campaign, or you can look at sales conversion rate based on all 10 campaigns. Because at the end of the day, sales conversion, how, what percentage of our prospects do we turn into buyers?

Whether that's done with one campaign, two or 22, who cares at the end of the day that's like we're in the business of, of generating buyers and to see how just different angles, different perspectives, different ways to talk about the same, the same thing. And right, ultimately knowing like where are people struggling in the market? What are they dealing with? Where is now a gap? What's a promise that other people aren't making that we could make?

What's a problem that we can attack that others aren't attacking? What's a different way that we can talk about this AI and what it can be used to do that others aren't talking about? See, that, that to me is where the magic happens because I think without going down a rabbit hole, 'cause we're gonna wrap in, in 60 seconds, like this is why I do believe that, um, that the hook, the angle, that thinking these things through, that taking that perspective of differentiation, that taking that perspective of gap in the market, that taking that perspective of what have others said and what others aren't saying, it, it, um, to the market is more important and more valuable today than ever before, especially in crowded and saturated markets. Because what it takes to get attention, to create engagement and to move people is significant. Differentiation is something fresh, is something right?

Is something new, is something different, right? And so that this is where it comes into play. And so I think it's more valuable than, um, ever, but there you go. That's all she wrote for, uh, for today boys, I'm just happy that the storm led up and I was able to complete this thing in one sitting with no power outage or anything like that. And so, uh, but you guys are outta here and I will see you next week.

Thanks Todd. Cheers, Todd. You got it guys.
