---
title: "cc_ 2024-04-09"
date: 2024-04-09
duration: 41m
duration_seconds: 2485
vimeo_id: 932605526
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_ 2024-04-09

**Date:** 2024-04-09 | **Duration:** 41m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Yeah. All right, boys. So what we're gonna do today, we're gonna do a little something different, and we're going to talk about better writing. How to, how to write better, how to write, how to write better. I should probably learn how to speak better.

Uh, you know, clear, clear writing, more engaging, more kind of compelling, more captivating writing. But we're not gonna be actually talking about, um, writing, uh, and grammar, and the structure of writing. What we're gonna talk about is one of my favorite topics to talk about that, uh, I seem to be alone in this area, and that is the use of rhetorical devices in writing. And so, what this is more about, so again, this is not about grammar. This is not about, um, it's not about, you know, word choice per se.

It's about structuring sentences and saying things in a certain way to have greater impact, to create more rhythm in the mind of the prospect when they're reading your, your, your stuff to almost kind of tap into a, a more pleasurable sound behind your writing when people are reading it internally, um, in their mind to have more kind of, you know, charisma, if you will, behind your writing. And so, you know, re rhetorical devices are ways of saying certain things, ways of communicating that make the writing more pleasurable. And, uh, in a second, I'm gonna walk you through eight different, um, rhetorical devices. And so I'm gonna show you some examples. This should really be straightforward.

If you have any questions at any point, fire away. And then I'll end with, uh, a cool recommended resource that I've had for, uh, for years. And I, I go to this thing so, so often. And so let me share my screen and then bring this up over here. And so, um, this, and so literally, we're just gonna walk through these M eight devices.

I'm gonna tell you what the device is, the name of it is, and don't be intimidated by the name. I'm gonna give you the, kind of the definition. I'm gonna explain what it is, and then I'm gonna show you just some random examples. Some are just totally made up. Uh, some are, you know, pulled from, you know, other, other sources.

And so, and really, let me tell you where this came from, why I decided to, to, to share this this week. So, uh, I was working on a letter for, um, John to use, uh, as part of a direct mail campaign for the agency. John is just tearing it up in the agency. He's doing just so well. Um, and we wanted to do a, uh, he wanted to do a direct mail package to, you know, a couple hundred, uh, I think 300, uh, entrepreneurs.

And so we put together this kind of, you know, pretty cool mailer and a letter. And I wrote the letter, and I wanted to respect John, uh, and give him kind of the final say, uh, on things. And so I sent this over to John, the letter for feedback. I also sent it over to Damien for feedback. And I went through some, you know, iterations on the letter, really some edits, which, by the way, just as a side note, this is really important, uh, not related to rhetorical devices, but right.

Like, uh, it baffles me how many people just don't edit and how they'll go with, you know, they'll, they just roll with a, you know, a first draft. Often what they're doing is they're writing and editing simultaneously, which is a huge no-no, right? And so what ends up happening is they're writing copy. And what a lot of people do is they write copy, and then they go back and they read from the beginning of the copy, and they read through, and then they write, and then they go back and they read through from the beginning of the copy, and they write, and then they go back and they read through, and they're changing certain words and phrases and whatnot. And I really try with everything that I've got to not do that.

I'm not trying to edit while I am writing. I'm, I write, and then I go back and I will edit. And then often I will edit again. And in a separate, uh, you know, uh, training, if we wanted, if you wanted, I could talk about the different editing passes that I do and what I look for in, in each, um, in each edit pass. But the point is that sent this over, uh, some comments, some feedback, some tweaks that needed to be done.

And there was one comment that John had on the sales letter twice, and the two times was about a, the use of my use of the same word in a sentence, multiple times. The same word was used three times in, in two different sentences in the, um, in the sales letter. And John had said, like, you know, not sure if you did this, you know, intentionally, but you know, may wanna change the word. And the reality is, is that I did use the word three times in each sentence intentionally, because it is a rhetorical device. And you can see that if we change the word, it would have a different, feel, a different rhythm, right?

Than having the same word has like that beat of boom, boom, boom. Versus if it was one word, another word and another word. And so you're gonna see that in here. I believe I saved that for the last rhetorical device. And so I figured this would be an important training to have to really show you the different, the different rhetorical devices that you can use.

And these are not by any means all of the rhetorical devices that are out there, but these are some of the things that I kind of somewhat naturally today after doing a lot of study of this use. And I have for, you know, for many years at this point, um, in writing. And so let's get to the first device. The first rhetorical device is parallelism. Tough to say, but parallelism uses components in a sentence that are grammatically the same or similar in their construction sound, meaning or meter.

And so this is an example of this rhetorical device. I analyzed the idea, reviewed the copy, and dissected the offer. All looks great. You'll notice the, the construction here of right, of, I analyzed the idea. And so the action, action analyzed the idea, action, reviewed the copy, action dissected the offer.

I didn't change the tense. I didn't, um, I didn't, uh, I didn't change it. Like you could have said something like, I analyzed the offer, um, reviewed the copy, and when it came to the offer, uh, you know, I dissected it. That's different. That's not parallelism, because it doesn't have the same structure repeated over and over.

I analyzed the idea, reviewed the copy, and dissected the offer. You see how that has a rhythm to it, because it has the same construction repeated over and over. Here's another one, right? I searched the web, explored social media, and probed the depths of every blog post I could find. That is that same construction in there, in those three parts.

Search the web, explored social media probe the depths of every blog post, see how it's searched? X explored X, probed X. And so it's the construction in the, in the sentence. Here's another one, right? They procrastinate, they struggle.

That should be, and they wonder why they fail, right? They procrastinate, they struggle, they wonder. You see how that is repeated over and over? And so you can take any of these sentences to see the difference that this makes. You could take any of these sentences and you could change it up, like you could say, right?

Um, they, uh, procrastinate, um, struggle as part of their everyday life. Uh, and then wouldn't, you know, it, um, they fail and wonder why that, right? Even though that's a, that's an intentionally clunky sentence. It doesn't have the same flow, vibe, feel, tone, pace to it as they procrastinate, they struggle and they wonder why they fail. See that like, you know, you see that Mm-Hmm.

And so hopefully, hopefully that makes, you know, that makes sense. And you'll see that I, I, I'm very conscious of this. Like I'm very conscious of, um, I'm very conscious of the, of this. Uh, and so what you'll also notice in here, for what it's worth, this isn't a rhetorical device, but this is something that I've talked about many times before. This is something also that I really learned from kind of Mark Ford.

And this is much more about just writing in general than it is copy. Really, all of rhetorical devices are all about writing and speech, right? It's just all about how you deliver your message with more impact, more flow and, and, and whatnot. But you'll notice here that, um, that, um, these are all active sentences. These aren't, these aren't passive active is when the, um, the, the, the, the main, I forget what, uh, what, what's the right way to say it?

Like the main, and Michael, maybe you could chime in. Um, active is when like the, the, the action taker. What was that Teddy protagonist? Is that what it's Well, the, the, the, the person doing the a it's like the, the, it's the difference between saying, you know, um, uh, I analyze the idea verse. Um, the idea was put through my deep analysis, right?

Like, see how that, it, it, the, the, the idea was put through my deep analysis is a passive sentence, because it, it almost puts the idea in a position in the sentence of being the one taking the action. But I was really the one taking the action. So I analyzed, took the action, right? On the idea. I analyzed the idea is an act of sentence.

I kicked the ball, versus the ball was kicked by me. The ball was kicked by me, right? Is a passive sentence, right? Because it takes me, the one doing the action out of that, like it put, and it puts the focus on the thing that was acted on, the ball was kicked by me, is passive, versus I kick the ball, right? Like, uh, right?

The phone was answered by my mother. That's a wildly different sentence than my mother answered the phone, right? And so, right dinner was cooked by my wife. My wife cooked dinner, and so my wife cooked dinner is the active version of that sentence. Now, this isn't to say that, you know, and we're not gonna get into this now because this is not a rhetorical device.

This is not to say that you, you never will use an active, uh, excuse me, a passive sentence. But when you do, right, you're always doing it for effect. You're doing it with purpose. I would tell you that focus on writing in the active voice, making sure that the person, the, the, the thing that is taking the action is followed by the action, right? Like, my wife started the car, not the car was started by my wife, right?

Like, you know what I mean? Not, you know, the pill was popped by me. You know what I mean? I popped the pill. And so that's the difference between active and passive.

And so you can see that, and all good writing is filled with, is filled with active language, active sentences, right? And so they're also much easier in construction. Like typically, you'll, you'll end up, you, you, you end up seeing that the construction of, uh, of a sentence, of a statement ends up feeling clunky when it's in the passive voice, right? Sometimes you need more words like, right, the dinner was cooked by my, was cooked by my wife versus my wife, cooked dinner, right? Like, it's a much simpler, um, it's a much simpler sentence construction, therefore it's much easier to follow, you know, who's taking the action, you know, who, you know, what action was taken, and you know what they took action on, right?

My wife cooked dinner, very simple to understand, versus the dinner was cooked by, you know, my wife. And so, um, so there you go. That is, um, parallelism. Next is, um, oxymoron, which is a, a kind of a, if there is a more popular, there are a couple of popular, uh, rhetorical devices or more, well-known, I should say rhetorical devices. And oxymoron creates a two word paradox, such as near miss or seriously funny.

And oxymoron is sometimes called a contradiction in terms and is most often used for dramatic effect. And so, right, oftentimes, like there are things that we say that are part of our vernacular that are oxymorons, and we just don't even realize it. Like, you know, something like act natural, right? Like everybody act natural. That's an oxymoron, right?

Because act, you're saying like act, uh, but be natural, act natural, right? A small crowd, that's an oxymoron. You know, deafening silence, bittersweet only choice, right? Like, if it's your only choice, then do you really have a choice? See how it's, it's an oxymoron.

And these are things that Right. Often, you know, it uh, um, it just enhances the writing, right? Enhances the writing. Especially when you can use oxymorons that are common to the reader, common to the audience, right? When it's something that they would, they would use or that they're familiar with, right?

And so we know, like you've seen in movies where they're like, oh, here comes so and so act natural man. Like, right, like oxymoron. And so simple, straightforward. Next is, um, is understatement. And understatement makes an idea less important than it really is.

Or what I should really say is it, it understates the importance of an idea. And this is something that this is, this is a great, this is a great rhetorical device to be aware of when you are writing copy. Because what it allows you to do is it almost allows you to convey a point, but play it down. But you still convey the point, right? So you c you're able to convey a point without overstating, right?

Without kind of pushing it, right? And in copy, that's important because if we overstate something and we push it, we end up impacting believability. And so this is a way of making that point, but doing it with understatement. So like Russia and Ukraine are currently having a slight political squabble, right? That is, you know, that's understatement, right?

That's, that's a wild understatement somebody would say, right? If somebody said that to you like, Hey, Russia and Ukraine are, are currently having a slight political squabble, you would, that's a wild understatement. That's exactly right. To the uninitiated, neurophysiology can be a bit of a challenge. See how it's right?

Like, you know, like you, right? Like neurophysiology can be a bit of a challenge. Yeah. It's like saying right to the uninitiated, rocket science can be a bit of a challenge or can be a bit daunting, right? Like that's, you know, a, a great example of understatement.

I'd say Jeff Bezos has had a, a, a, a bit of business success, right? Like often if, if, you know, like, I hate talking about myself, I hate when I go on podcasts and, you know, um, and when they do the intro, 90% of the time I always tell them, let's just introduce me by name, man, and let's just roll. Uh, and, you know, but if asked, I would say something along the lines of, yeah, I've been, you know, fortunate to have, you know, some, some slight success in the marketplace. That's right. And, and, and understatement, right?

It, it, you know, first of all, I think that it's far less of obnoxious, right? Um, you are making the point, right? People, you are making the point, but you're doing it in a subdued way, right? Uh, generating customers is a bit important for a business right? Now, some of this right?

In, like, look in, in, when you're speech, when you're giving a talk, when you're giving a presentation, when you're delivering this as copy and let's say a VSL or on a webinar, of course what comes into play is we have the additional element of delivery, right? And so this is where, this is like where voice tone, pace, inflection matter, right? Like, you know, like, look, you, you know, you know, um, if you've ever heard the wacky example of, um, of when it, just as a side note, when it comes to speech, specifically inflection, how you can change the definition. Like you can change what you're communicating with the wrong inflection. You've heard the example, Michael, you're nodding your head right?

Like, you know, mom, mom killed grandma, like, mom killed grandma, mom killed grandma, mom killed grandma, right? Like, changes what you're questioning mom killed. Grandma is like, I thought it was Bob who killed grandma. This is a gruesome example, but right. Mom killed grandma.

I thought she just, you know, I thought they were in a car crat, right? Mom killed grandma. I thought it was grandpa in the car, right? And so see how that same sentence, the same exact words can be changed. Uh, you know, can, can have a different meaning based on where you are using voice inflection.

So, right? Like this is, you know, generating new customers is a bit important for a business. That's how right. I would deliver it to emphasize that point, to drive home the point that I'm driving home, but using understatement. And so makes sense.

Simple. Okay? Device number four, latitudes. This makes an understatement also, but by using a negative to emphasize a positive in this rhetorical device, a double negative is often used for effect. And so here is Lady Gaga's no slouch on the piano, right?

A cup of coffee would not be unwelcome. It's not the smartest idea I ever had, right? See how like, you know, there's this, the negative or the negation of right? She's no slouch, not be unwelcome, not the smartest idea. Um, generating tra profitable traffic is no easy task, right?

See how in this to show you, right? You could have said this with generating profitable traffic is hard, right? Generating profitable traffic is difficult, right? Like those are tho generating profitable traffic is no easy task. You're saying you're ultimately delivering the same point, but in here you're doing it with a rhetorical device, right?

And so it makes the writing, it makes what you're communicating, again, more enjoyable, more engaging, right? Different than just the standard, you know, basics, if you will. Life as an entrepreneur is not too shabby. It wasn't a bad day of sales, right? Which is right.

Another way of saying it, right? It was a pretty good day of sales. You could say it was a pretty good day of sales, or right? Wasn't a bad day of sales. We generated x amount of dollars in three hours, not too shabby, right?

Like, that's another that, right? And I've done that. I've said that in, in e in emails, right? Like, not too shabby, rather than saying it was great, it was unbelievable. We crushed it, we killed it, right?

Like, to me, I love the idea of saying like, we generated X amount of dollars not too shabby. Like right? Not a bad day of sales, not a bad way to, you know, not a bad amount of money to generate in three hours of work. Like that is a rhetorical device done with intention. Cool.

All right, let's keep going. Device number five, hypo foria. Hypo foria is a figure of speech in which a writer raises a question and then immediately provides an answer to that question. This is right, this is straightforward. We, we do often see this in copy, right?

And so we're raising a question ultimately to then answer it right away. So how do I know this to be true? I've seen it played out in our tribe time and time again, right? Like, if this is, if I said something like, you know, like, um, you know, when you, you know, when you nail your front end campaign, when, when you have a front end campaign, when you finally have a front end campaign that allows you to generate new buyers every day from, uh, from, uh, you know, from paid media, life becomes incredible. How do I know this to be true?

I've seen it played out in our tribe time and time again, that's an example. That construction of question with the immediate answer is hypo foria, should you just scream a louder promise? Like, no, that just adds more noise to the marketplace, right? This is, if we were talking about the big idea, you know, or getting attention, like if I said something like, right, like it's, you know, obviously you know that before you can, uh, create engagement with somebody, before you can persuade them, you need to get their attention. How do you do that?

Well, should you, should you just scream a louder promise louder than everybody else? No. That just adds more noise to the marketplace that just gets you blah, blah, blah and that blah, blah, blah, right? That's hypo foria in play. What then is the correct way to work with your merchant provider when conducting a launch to start by updating them months in advance?

So this, right, if we were talking about, you know, like how difficult it is to make sure that you get your money released by a merchant during a launch, and how there's, you know, right? How there most people make this mistake, this mistake, this mistake, and this mistake, and then saying, well, then, then is the correct way to work with, uh, what is the correct way then to work with your merchant provider when conducting a launch? Well, to start with, by updating them months in advance, right? The reason why is da, da, da da, right? Second thing is, and then we, that is an example of hypo foria.

And so also pretty straightforward. Next rhetoric. Go ahead. Did you have, did somebody have a question? No, it was a notification.

Um, okay, next one is probably the most common, uh, talked about, which is a rhetorical question, right? And rhetorical question is a figure of speech in the form of a question that is asked to make a point rather than to elicit an answer. So it's, you're, you're, you're, you're posing a question, but it's a question to make a point. It's not a question that really requires an answer, right? It's, it's a question that doesn't require an answer.

It's a question that you're, you're posing that makes a point. Like, do pigs fly, right? Like, you know, does a bear poop in the woods? You know, if somebody said to you, right? Like, you know, uh, whatever, somebody asked you, is that really true?

Is that really accurate, man? Like, you know, yeah, man, does a bear does a bear poop in the woods, right? Like, you're not asking them to say, yeah, of course, a bear poops in the woods, right? You're not asking for that. You're saying it for, um, for impact.

Can you do better next time? Right? Is another example. Uh, when used in context of a rhetorical question, are you satisfied being unhappy, right? Do you want to be a failure for the rest of your life?

That of course, right? Like harsh, but that is a rhetorical question because I know that nobody's like, yeah, man, I'd be thrilled to be a failure for the rest of my life, right? Like, you know, asking somebody, do you want to continue losing money every day in your business? Do you want to continue to have sleepless nights, right? Do you want to continue to be overwhelmed with anxiety every day when you sit in front of your computer?

Those are all rhetorical questions because we know that the answer is no, they're being posed for effect, right? And the the beautiful thing is they're not a statement, they're a question. And so they're received differently, but they're a rhetorical question, which doesn't require, um, an answer to make the point. But, But do you, do you want it to generate a thought? Like do you want them to?

Like, is is it also like that last one? Do you wanna be a failure for the rest of your life? Like, is that meant for them to think about that for a split second or not, or like what it looks like to be a failure for the rest of their life at all? Um, maybe like, uh, so, you know, certainly, you know, you're, you are, you know, you're trying to e elicit this, you know, you're trying to elicit a point whether you know how much thinking they, they have to do. I, I would say that the, what I would say is, and I know that this might not be a direct answer to your question, but they shouldn't have to do a whole lot of thinking.

Like you're not closing a question to get them to think about the answer. You're posing a question to make a point. It like, you know, uh, to drive home the point, like, like, look, driving home the point here that, right? Like, you don't wanna continue to struggle. You don't wanna continue to, to, to be a failure.

You don't wanna continue to be unhappy. You don't wanna continue to be disappointed, right? I might say that like, you know, I, I might pose that as a question, you know, to somebody if, if, let's say I had a conversation with them, and I know that that's not what they want. And so I'm really driving, I'm making a point with the question. And so hopefully that, that makes sense.

So I, I would say again, Teddy, to, to try to answer the question a little bit more that you're not, you're not, it's not a question that's designed to get them to think it, it's a question that's designed to make a point. Yeah. And so the next one is illusion. And this is just a reference to an event place or person. This is like, when you see things like, you know, he's a regular Einstein, don't be a Scrooge, you know, um, pizza is my diet's Achilles heel, right?

He's the LeBron James of our team. It's like Bernie Madoff all over again. It's another Bitcoin craze, right? Like, this is when, uh, right, like to say that he's the LeBron James of our team. What are you communicating?

He's the star. He's the star man. He's the scorer. He's the dude that puts it in the net, man. He's the dude that you, you want to get him the brick when the game is on the line, right?

Like, don't be a scrooge. What are we communicating? Don't be like, don't be this angry, you know, like cheap, like cheap, uh, you know, dude who's like ba humbug, right? That's what we're communicating rather than saying, you know, don't, don't, you know, don't have a bad attitude. Don't, right?

Don't be a scrooge. He's a regular Einstein is another way of saying, right? You could certainly say he's a smart dude. Like, you could certainly say that he's a smart dude, he is wicked smart, whatever, you know, he's a genius. But another way of saying that that's just got more flavor to it is he's a regular Einstein man.

You know what I mean? Or like, you know, he's the, you know, like I I, I'd say this dude is the Elon Musk of the AI world, like, right? That communicates a lot in that. And so the key here is that, right? You're picking, you're picking an event, a place or person that represents the character attributes of what it is that you're ultimately trying to describe.

And, and rather than trying to describe with those character attributes, you're summing it up with that one event place or, or person, right? Like, you know what I mean? It's the, it's like Bernie Madoff all over again. Who's the dude? What's the, what's the dude Teddy who was just sentenced to like 25 years in jail?

Sam Free. Yeah. Sam, um, right? Like, you know, you could say, right, like, it's another financial, you know, Ponzi scheme or another financial scammer, you know, all over again. Or you could sum it up with like, it's like Bernie Madoff all over again, right?

Only in the crypto space. Yeah. Kinda like a picture's worth a thousand words. Like this is a phrase that's worth a thousand words. Well said, well said, right?

Like, again, you know, pizza's my diet's. Achilles heel, you know, like you could say like, you know, like, you know, I, I struggle most with, you know, pizza, pizza is, is what causes me to fall off my diet versus pizza's, my diet's, Achilles heel more flavor, you know, like more picture, more imagery. Just more enjoyable to read that rather than this very plain language. And so, uh, yeah, I dig it. Uh, the next one, we, this is another one that we've talked often about in the past in terms of marketing.

Um, this was something that was kind of really, you know, really drilled into me by the late Great Clayton make piece. Um, and I just categorize and bundle analogy, simile and metaphor under one, even though there's, you know, some differences in the construction of the, of the, of the statements. But this is a, it explains one thing in terms of another, to highlight the ways in which they're alike. And so these are great, like an analogy, metaphor, simile. This is great to use when you are trying to explain something complex or abstract and you really wanna bring it home to something much more concrete specific that the audience is already aware of, that they'll get.

What you don't wanna do is, you don't wanna use an analogy, a simile or metaphor that the audience won't understand, right? Like, that they might not get. And so, you know, like that, that you wanna avoid. So you, you've gotta take this complex abstract thing, uh, and you gotta say, what is this? Like, what is this?

Like what is this similar to? What, what is this that my audience would, would be aware of, would get, would know immediately when I say it, kind of like when we say he's the LeBron James of our, of our team, right? You get it right away, right? Assuming that, you know, like you're talking to somebody who knows, you know, at least a little something about basketball. Um, and so analogy, assimilate metaphor, these are things, right?

That's as difficult as finding a needle in a haystack, right? Like, uh, it's been a rollercoaster ride of emotions. Sometimes we don't, right? We don't even realize, again, that common vernacular. It's not, it's not uncommon for us to say things like, man, it's been, you know, it's been a wild ride of emotions.

It's been a rollercoaster ride of emotions. Well, we know that rollercoaster is up and down, is chaotic, is right, is uh, is, um, a lot of, a lot, right? That it's not just even keel, it's not smooth, it's not calm. It's, it's chaotic. It's ups and downs, it's big drops.

It's, um, all that, um, as dead as a doornail, as happy as a clam sly, like a fox, as annoying as nails on a chalkboard. These are just like common that I got off of Google, common examples of analogies, similes, um, metaphors. And so, um, this was something that Clayton was very, very, very big on, right? Because it allows, it, it, again, it allows us to take a complex, complicated, sometimes vague, abstract concept and make it concrete, and make it concrete in a few words with a metaphor, rather than merely attempting to make it concrete through description. So of course, you can take a vague complex, you know, abstract idea and make it more concrete by flushing out the explanation of it.

But you can also do it fairly quickly with a, um, with a, uh, with a, a metaphor or analogy or a simile. I remember reading, and I think it was actually in the resource that I'm gonna tell you guys about, uh, in, in just a couple minutes. We have one more slide, one more device. Uh, but the, the example that the dude gave, which I thought was funny, was it was like a general, there was, they were in the army, was in war, and like the general asked the sergeant, like, you know, what's going on? Tell me about your, you know, your position, right?

And something, something like that. I'm botching this, but, uh, right. Tell me about your, your position. Like, where are you guys compared to the enemy? And he was like, um, he's like, he said, the sergeant said to the general, he is like, picture a, a donut, right?

With a hole in the center. Well, the donut is the enemy and we're the whole, and right, like me, we're surrounded. Like, I get it. You don't, right? You don't have to say a whole lot more than, you know.

Yeah. Well, picture a donut with a hole in the middle. The enemy is the donut, and we're the hole right now. Okay? Like, pretty clear, right?

Pretty clear. And so, um, This is, this is one of, this is one of the, the best uses of Chad CPT, by the way, is for stuff like this. That's great. How, what it just come, what, what? Weird.

Yeah. You give it something complex, you'd be like, you know, gimme different analogies and metaphors for it to simplify this. And just like, what it comes out of is so out of left field, but it makes perfect sense. Like, I forgot the one that's great, came up with a quit smoking offer, but it was, I dunno, something about ants or something. It was weird.

That's great. And like, like I said, the, you know, the, one of the most important things like with, you know, with marketing is right, that the, again, the audience knows the thing that you're referring to. So like, you just, right? Like, you know, look, everybody knows a donut with a hole in the middle. It's not like he was like, you know, you, you, you, you, you know, the bottom of a French crawler, what it looks like.

Like, no, like, I'm not, you know, we're the ridge on the outside. Like, what? You know what I mean? Like, and so it's not some weird thing, it's something that they already know they're gonna get immediately, they're gonna understand immediately. Um, and, uh, and, and so on, same thing with like, when I said earlier, like, you know, if we were talking to, you know, you know, entrepreneurs, you know, business folks, and we said something like, you know, he's the, um, uh, he's the Elon Mosco of, of, of ai.

Well, if we made some abstract reference to some CEO in the oil industry that nobody knew, we'd lose the whole power of the metaphor, right? And so they have to, they have to know it. And so the last device, I don't even know how to pronounce these, I'm not even gonna attempt to pronounce these, but this is really the, um, this is the, when I mentioned earlier at the start of our training that John was commenting on my use of, you know, a word over and over. This is really, uh, it, it, it's, it's a version of this rhetorical device. And this basically repeats keywords for emphasis, emphasis that will drive home your key point.

Now, you'll notice even in the definition of this, that it uses, this rhetorical device repeats keywords for emphasis, emphasis that will drive home your key point. You'll notice that the use of the word emphasis came twice, right? And there is, you know, there, there's the, the reason why there's two names here is because there's two different ways to do this. You can do it where you take the last word of a sentence and then it becomes the first word of the next sentence. Or you can take any word from the first sentence and use it in the second sentence like you've got.

In business, we find the opportunity to achieve our freedom. In freedom. We find the opportunity to achieve our life mission right now. Look, if we changed, you know, if we said in business we find the opportunity to achieve our freedom and in life, we then we find the opportunity, or, or, you know, in our free time, we find the opportunity to achieve our life mission that has such a different feel and comes, comes off differently, right? In business, we find the opportunity to achieve our freedom.

And in freedom we find the opportunity to achieve our life mission that's wildly different, has a wildly different feel. And in business we find the opportunity to achieve our freedom. And in our lifestyle, we find the opportunity to achieve our life mission. Like it just has a different, a different vibe. And so a different feel, a different pace, a different emphasis than does this repetition.

This was, uh, I have no idea who wrote this, but you can see, uh, and again, you can try to like, you can rewrite this later on and play around and see how if you eliminate this rhetorical device, it totally changes the feel. Seeing, um, seeing that they hear there's a typo in there, seeing that they hear, do we ask if they speak, seeing that they speak? Do we ask if they reason, seeing that they reason? Do we not ask whether we are more alike than not? You see, like that, that's a powerful way to deliver something.

When you think of good orators, good speakers that like have, you know, hunch to like, wow, they make a statement. And that ends up being, you know, that that thing is recorded and that speech is listened to years later, you're gonna see so many rhetorical devices in there, seeing that they hear, do we not ask if they speak, seeing that they speak? Do we not ask if they reason seeing that they reason? Do we not ask whether we are more alike than not? And you'll notice, look at the amount of repetition in there, seeing, seeing, seeing.

Um, do we not ask? Do we not ask? Do we not ask? You don't need all of that. But the point is, even though there's massive repetition in here, right?

Re repetitive use of the same words in this, that it still has monster power and much more so than if you change the, the structure realm. Like there's so much going on in here. There's also that parallelism because there's the same structure in right, in these seeing that they, that they hear, seeing that they speak, seeing that they reason, right? You'll see that same, that the same structure. Do we not ask blank?

Do we not ask blank? Do we not ask blank? Like, these little things can have a tremendous difference in the feel, the vibe, the tone, the pace, and the impact of your writing and your presentations. Like I said, the, these are not all of the rhetorical devices out there, this book, which is really for students, and I've, I've recommended this thing for years. This book, small little paperback book, probably 10 bucks on Amazon, there might be an updated version, uh, at, at this point is phenomenal, absolutely hands down, phenomenal.

And so, like, if you're into really like enhancing your writing with rhetorical devices, which I would advise, um, this is a great tool, this is a great resource to, to, to have, you'll wanna reference this thing. My thing is banged up in terms of highlighted with so many different colors and dogeared and all of that. Um, you'll, you'll love it. And so there you go. Any questions?

Yeah, it's just like, uh, like seasoning on the recipe or something you're actively trying to do in as many sentences or paragraphs as possible. Like how, how, No, it's definitely seasoning. What's it season? It's definitely, yeah, it's definitely, you know, it's definitely seasoning. It's definitely not something that you're trying to do in, in every single sentence by any stretch of the imagination.

It's, you know, a little bit of salt on this thing to kind of, you know, to kind of punch it up. Um, of course, this is all stuff to consider like a metaphor there, right? There you go. Uh, uh, I like that Teddy, uh, you know, it's certainly after you've nailed the underlying message, the persuasive argument, right? Like, what are you trying to prove?

What are you trying to get them to believe, establish all that. It's like, all right, now can we take it? You know, can we take it up a notch? Some of these things will, you know, like, and, and what I would tell you to do is, you know, like if, if you start using one, you know, like start using one more, you know, start being aware of one that you use, and then when it becomes somewhat second nature to you, then start using another one. And don't try to force it.

You know what I mean? Like, but don't try to force it. You might, you might see a, a statement and you might say, well, this, I could probably make this better with understatement, right? If I said it a little bit differently, um, or this is probably a great spot for a rhetorical question, rather than like, but just do one. And you'll just see that your writing will just start to get better and better.

Like have just a better vibe to it. It'll have more flavor, right? It'll go from being very bland to being, you know, flavored, right? Uh, and it'll feel different. It'll just have a different, a different feel.

And so there you go, boys. Enjoy hope that, uh, you found this helpful, valuable. Um, have a great day and I'll see you guys next week. Touch that. You got it.
