---
title: "cc_2023-10-10"
date: 2023-10-10
duration: 28m
duration_seconds: 1728
vimeo_id: 873026307
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# cc_2023-10-10

**Date:** 2023-10-10 | **Duration:** 28m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

All right. So, uh, very intimate setting. John, you and I, everybody else I know, uh, we got one late comer who'll be jumping on, and then everybody else will watch the recording of this. This should be kind of interesting, maybe even a little bit, um, brief being that it's, it's only you and I, but what I wanna do is, as I mentioned in Slack, is I wanna share a, a Facebook post. This was a post from a, um, a student of ours, uh, a kid who's very astute, uh, savvy.

He really gets it. And he shared something about, um, big ideas and unique mechanisms even. And really, uh, uh, an an idea related to kind of click bait hooks. And so I wanna share what he wrote. I'm gonna read it very quickly, and then I want to talk about it because I want to share what it is that I responded back to him.

I'm gonna share his comment or response back to me, and we're gonna talk a little bit about it. And at the root of this is really truly to kind of set the frame in the context, is to really understand the difference between a true big marketing idea and a click bait hook. Because I think that there is a lot of confusion out there. Uh, there's a misunderstanding of what a big marketing idea really is, and what often gets the label of a big marketing idea is not a big marketing idea. It's nothing more than a click bait hook.

And so it's important to understand the difference and understand the nuances. So let me go ahead and share my screen and then bring this bad boy up. Okay? Um, and so let's just get to the, um, the post, which I thought was a great post, uh, on, on a lot of levels from Gab. Like I said, student of ours savvy, he, you know, you can tell he gets it.

He's been studying. And so here's what he says. He says, the, um, a of formula doesn't work anymore. In today's digital age, the classic ADA formula for selling has evolved. Yes, a lot of people are gonna be mad at me for this, but it's true.

It's no longer enough to just make claims. They need to be validated and verified. Um, Alan Satanic just recently shared a big revelation from his experience in the world of copywriting. Gone are the days when audiences blindly believe every claim. Now they demand proof and approach every statement with skepticism.

Recognizing this shift, Alan modified the traditional aid of formula, attention, interest, desire, action by adding two crucial, crucial components, validation and verification. This new formula, A I D V V A, he emphasizes the importance of proving claims and having them verified by others. He points out that this is the strategy behind Amazon's success, where reviews a form of validation and verification play a pivotal, uh, role reviews are considered more dependable than testimonials as they're derived from firsthand experiences, whereas testimonials rely solely on secondhand claims. This explanation emphasizes the importance of personal experience in evaluating the credibility of a review versus a testimonial. So what's the key takeaway here?

To succeed in today's market, businesses should focus on copy that verifies and validates their offers, ensuring they align with how the audience buys. Alan calls this, uh, here's Teddy mechanistic copy. While I do believe there's still a lot I can learn from the big marketing idea copy from legends like Todd Brown, these types of frameworks can be applied and tested. In my experience, unaware audiences tend to start with emotions first. So having that big idea can be helpful.

But nowadays, if you have a five star review, sales get locked in faster. So I guess best of both worlds, then I may not have all the experience and knowledge from both of these two copy gods. But man, 2023 is not gonna be the end of copy because of ai. But 2023 is gonna be a stepping stone to what is becoming the new future of marketing. The battle of attention, trust, and sales, blah, blah, blah.

Never stop. Uh, the learning never stops. There are tons of videos posting people to keep, uh, for me to keep watching, listening to, and reapplying to. So that last part about copy and AI is really kind of irrelevant to the, um, to the, the, the post. And so there are a couple of things that I just want to point out.

And like I said, I wanna reiterate that, um, that he's, he's a student. He is, you could, he's growing, he's learning. He's like, I love it. I love, I love seeing this. There are a couple things that I, I think is important from my perspective, and I would love to hear your perspective and welcome, Teddy.

What's up, buddy? What's up, man? Um, that I would love to really just share my, my perspective on. And so, excuse me. The first is, you know, this idea that, and I believe that, uh, um, uh, I think Alan Sonic is the, the, um, the guy who runs the nothing, uh, what's it called?

Nothing held back, Facebook group, no, held back, nothing Held back, uh, N H b I believe it is, um, Facebook group. Uh, and, um, so he said, you know, he's a, a big revelation from his experience in the world of copywriting. Gone are the days when audiences blindly believe every, um, believe every claim first and foremost. I think that, right? I completely agree with this, but I I, I think that we've talked about this, right?

For a very, a very long time, right? This is at the root, the heart and soul of really the E five argument. This is really at the heart and soul of why we refer to the marketing message as a marketing argument. To me, I right why we for years referred to it as a marketing argument, because an argument is more than just presenting claims and benefit statements. You've heard me say numerous times, um, over the years, right?

That merely having a string of claims is not a marketing message. Anybody can put together a string of claims. You have to realize that prospects are gonna question, people are going to question every claim that you put out there, especially when it is apparent that you are crafting a marketing and or sales message. They are on guard. And I would say that today, more than ever, they are more on, on guard than ever.

But I don't, I, I don't by any stretch of the imagination think that this is any sort of new revelation. It's not like a year and a half ago people were just wildly accepting, um, claims without any support, evidence, proof. And so, I agree with this statement, but I think that that's long been the case. Um, and I think that it's been, it, it's, it's been years where people warrant, people require proof. And so, um, so the other thing that I just wanna address here, uh, and then I wanna address the, the, the, the big thing for one second, uh, after that is this idea that from my perspective, and it might just be a, it may just be a different way of, of ar articulating what I believe the guy Alan articulated, but I don't believe that Ada, a attention, interest, desire, action requires, um, any kind of expansion of the formula.

See, because I believe that what most people think is building desire, and this is important, I want you to get this nuance here. What most people think when they think of build desire is benefit statements and claims. They think that, right? That merely, you know, just tell them the benefits that are in it for them. And you build desire.

I recognize that what it takes to build desire is more than just benefit statements and claims. So to me, under the desire, under the D in a to build desire is this idea of presenting claims and presenting the proof and evidence to support it. The desire comes from the belief that the claim is true and accurate, right? And can come true for the prospect. That's where desire comes in.

So desire doesn't just come in from stating a benefit, right? Or making a claim, just stating a claim doesn't build desire, right? That claim has to be believed. And, and we know today, and which has been the case, that in order to, uh, create that desire, in order to create that belief, you need to have evidence and support. And so, while I get the idea of, uh, you know, validation, you know, I guess, I guess he, he's saying validate your claims.

I would say that that still falls under desire. See, I still think that the mistake in thinking is thinking that we build desire by benefit statements, but you don't just build desire by benefit statements, right? Because you build desire in belief in those benefit statements, and we know that it requires proof, evidence, and support. And so before I go on, is there anything that you would add to that? Anything that you would throw out there, uh, with that?

Or is there anything that you would ask as it relates to that? So I'm just, no, I think you covered It. Uh, Uh, I'll, so just outta curiosity, why, why is it the benefit statements that build the desire more than the primary promise? Like, I see the benefit statements as dimensionalizing the primary promise to a certain degree. Yeah.

I, and, and I think that there's a lot of nuance in that. I think that you're pretty, you're pretty, um, spot on with that. Like, I would say certainly that, you know, like, look, you know, and I, again, there's no hard and fast rules. These things kind of blend together a little bit. I would say for me, that the primary promise is where really the interest comes in.

Like, to me, it's, we're gonna get their attention, then we're gonna get their interest by showing them that this can deliver to them, right? Something that they ultimately want or that this can alleviate a problem that they have right now. And then what most people think is that we're gonna build desire by then just stacking on the benefits. But to me, it, it, it appears, it's crystal clear to me that the desire comes in for me, the way that I see it is, right? We get their interest by showing them that this is, this is gonna solve a problem that you have, or this is gonna give you something that you want.

And then we build desire by ultimately proving that that's the truth while we stack on benefits, right? So that to me is crystal clear, right? I, i, I think that, again, I think the mistake is in, in thinking that, well, there was a time that we, you know, there was this time when we could build desire merely with claims, and maybe that's the case. Maybe that is the case, that there was a time at the early stages of direct response where you didn't need a whole lot of proof, right? You didn't need a whole lot of, of, of, uh, you know, of, of evidence.

But to me, right? As, as we, as, as markets evolve and as marketing is then required to evolve, what it takes to build desire, truly build desire, um, has evolved. So we're still like, right, like you, I I would say, if you wanna use this, this validation or verification, I would say that you can, you certainly can build those in, in, but to me, those would be subcategories underneath building desire, because there is no desire if the belief or the, excuse me, if the claim is not believed. Got it. And so, um, so, uh, there is that, uh, I don't really have issue, uh, or anything at all to the, to the whole idea of the, the Amazon success, the, the testimonials.

I think that it, it was, um, it was insightful, uh, uh, there, uh, I think, you know, to succeed in today's market, businesses should focus on copy that verifies and, and validates their offers. I think that that's always been the case. You, you know what I mean? Like, I, it's certainly been the case for many years, right? Like, to me, that's certainly always, always been the case.

Um, what was I gonna say? Uh, where is this? There was one other thing that I wanted to point out before we get to the big one. Uh, he emphasizes the importance, he emphasizes the importance of proving claims and having them verified by others, right? That's, you've heard me say that, right?

Like, and I, I agree with that. I agree with that. I think that that is critical, right? And so it's cool to see, you know, more marketers finally catching on to this idea that merely stating claims and merely making, you know, presenting benefits and merely, uh, presenting claims is not enough that you have to back that up. Whether you wanna call it validate, whether you wanna call it verify, or whether you wanna call it, provide evidence and support so that the claims are believed doesn't matter to me.

It's the point of you have to have proof. To me, that is also, that is an argument, right? That's what an argument is. An argument is claims and evidence in support leading somebody to a conclusion that is the definition of an argument. And so, uh, uh, let me see here.

And so, uh, to succeed in today's market, businesses should focus on copy that verifies and validates their offers, ensuring they align with how the audience buys. Alan calls this mechanistic copy. So this was one other thing that I wanna address before we get to the biggie. Um, so, you know, I think that, and I haven't, I, I've only read a couple of things sent my way from, um, from Alan, um, who seems like a smart, smart dude, uh, mechanistic copy. What is mechanistic copy?

Mechanistic copy is copy that is about a mechanism and provides proof and evidence for, for that that mechanism works to deliver the result. Sound familiar? Mm-hmm. Right? Like, that's right.

Like, so I agree with that. I think that, right? And, and look, I don't even wanna take credit for that because in, in, in all fairness, it truly traces back to Eugene Schwartz when, right through the evolution of a market, as markets become more sophisticated, what do we do? We do, we move from claims to expanding claims, to introducing mechanisms, to then expanding the, the, the mechanism, right? And so I just favor going right to introducing a mechanism.

But what is it that ultimately is at the root of an E five campaign, is ultimately presenting a mechanism and then presenting how and why it works, claims about it with proof, evidence and support, and so, right. Important. And then, uh, you know, so while I still do believe there's still a lot that, um, can learn from, uh, that I can learn from the big marketing idea copy, um, from legends like, um, Todd Brown, uh, these types of frameworks can be applied. So this is really where I wanna see if I can, let me see if I can, whoops. Pull up.

I'll read to you. Uh, I should have taken a screen here. Let me see, let me do this. Does it always have to be claim proof benefit? Can you lead with the proof?

Sure. I'm only asking that just 'cause like, you know, again, it feels like we're in a headline or subhead, attention deficit world where you might make the, like they might see the claim, but may, may not continue reading deep enough to Absolutely, absolutely. You can start with proof, right? You can start with proof and then, and oftentimes in arguments, right? That that is the way that it's done, it is done with like a proof point.

And then here's what that means for you so that you can X, Y, and Z. So, absolutely, right? So you can offer, you can give a proof point and then explain ultimately what that means for them, and then expand on the, on the benefits, or you can make the claim and then give the proof for that, and then expand on that with benefits. So the answer is absolutely, um, yes, uh, to that. So here is, let me see if I can bring this over so you can see this.

So this was what I, I wrote back, I said, uh, and I wanna focus on a couple things here. I think the big mistake that some have is, now, let me preface this. Let me go back. 'cause I, I, I wanna, I wanna bring this over here, right? So the way that this was presented, and this could have been me reading into it, um, actually, let me give context, let me give additional context.

So what, what got this dude, um, on my radar was that he was bashing the big idea. He, he was bashing the, the need for like a big idea. He was bashing the idea of research, um, and whatnot, and look to each his own, everybody's got their own stance, right? If, you know, if somebody can back it up with an argument, I'm down to hear it for sure. Um, but he was bashing the, um, the big idea.

So what, right? So you have to have that context for, right, this gentleman, right? A, a student of ours, a student of his was basically saying, while I still do believe in, um, you know, that I can learn from the big marketing idea copy, what he was ultimately kind of saying was that this copy over here is not, um, big marketing idea copy. That big marketing idea copy is different from this. You know, this type of copy is different from this mechanistic copy.

First and foremost, what I would say is, I would say, and I didn't say this in the comment, but I would say for you guys to understand that to me, there is no such thing as big marketing idea copy, right? There is a big marketing idea that we introduce at the start of our copy, but the bulk of what it is that we do with a big marketing idea is to use this term mechanistic copy is ultimately the introdu, the introduction of a mechanism that produces the results, and then demonstrating how and why through claims and proof and evidence that that mechanism will produce the result for people, right? And so, to me, there is no such thing as big marketing idea copy. Because even if you look at, uh, if you look at, let's say, the kings of the big marketing idea where I was first exposed to the big marketing idea, which is the Agora companies, you'll see that they have some of the most intensive mechanistic copy on the planet, right? That, and they have some of the most thorough and structured arguments, marketing arguments presented in all of direct response marketing, yet they are the kings of and known for big marketing ideas.

So I would say that there's not, we're not writing a big marketing idea. We're not writing big marketing idea copy. We're using a big marketing idea at the start of the copy to get attention, right? To get attention. And then we're leveraging that attention to turn it into interest.

That's the big marketing idea, is really a tool for attention getting. It's not a tool for building desire, right? It, it's not a tool for building desire. You know, it, you, you could make the argument that it, it's a, it's a bit of a tool for interest a little bit, but that's because in a big marketing idea, we always weave in a primary promise. If you look at the formula for a big marketing idea, you see that PPP is right in the formula, right?

Primary promise. So you could, right? But it's not a tool for building desire. The tool, the building desire doesn't come from the use of a big marketing idea. You can build desire without a big marketing idea.

You can build desire when you use a big marketing idea, but it's not the big marketing idea that builds the desire. Does that make sense? Mm-hmm. Okay. So what I, I said over here was, I think the big mistake that some have is not understanding that big idea copy when done properly is mechanistic copy i e powered by Should we should, should We be able to see your comment talk?

Oh, I'm sorry. Okay. I'm, I'm sorry. Sorry about that. That, um, the big marketing idea book published a few years ago covers how and why there is no big marketing idea without a unique mechanism.

The, um, is front and center in the formula. I said, so while you can have a, um, without, you can have a unique mechanism without a big marketing idea, you can't have a big marketing idea without a, um, a big marketing idea includes a unique mechanism. Right? Now, look, are there instances maybe that we can find from the Agora companies where there's, you know, a big idea and that that big idea that in the deck copy, the unique mechanism isn't introduced, I'm sure, but there's a unique mechanism introduced at some point, typically in the lead of that, of that copy. Um, so you can't have a big marketing idea without a, um, that said, I said, you're spot on about proof and validation.

This is why, whenever you've heard me talk about E five, uh, for the last handful of years, we talk about creating a marketing argument, not just a marketing message, because a message of claims without proof and evidence and support is not marketing. It's just a string of claims. And then this is the thing that I wanted to, um, I really wanted to focus on. So he, he, uh, he said, uh, thank you. He said, this clears this clearly.

I think that should have been, this clearly separates the salesy big idea copy with your unique mechanism, big marketing idea copy. And so ultimately he was introducing what he was introducing this. He was saying, okay, well there's some, you know, there's big idea copy that is, you know, is just this salesy, big, big idea copy. And then there is this, you know, big idea copy that is, you know, unique, unique mechanism driven. And I said over here, I'd say, I'd say that what some think is salesy, big idea copy isn't really big idea copy at all.

I probably shouldn't have said it that way. I probably should've just said, I'd say what some think is a salesy big idea isn't really a big idea at all. It's really just a clickbait hook. Some mistakenly call scammy clickbait hooks a big idea, but they're not big marketing ideas at all. And that was the point that I really, that I really want you guys to understand is that, um, is that a click bait hook or this idea that, hey, let's just come up with some outlandish off the wall thing that we can say in the beginning of a marketing campaign to get attention and to try to use it to hide, um, any sort of marketing argument, right?

Like, we're just gonna bury all that. We're not even gonna talk about that. We're just gonna kind of come up with this crazy idea and then roll with the crazy idea. That's not a big marketing idea. That's not a big marketing idea at all.

You've heard me say for years, and this is important, you've heard me say for years, that when we're coming up with a big marketing idea, we're looking for a new different fresh alternative angle on the topic. What we're doing is we're just looking for a fresh and new way to talk about potentially a topic or an idea that's already been presented, uh, a number of ways. We're looking not to duplicate what's already been said. We're looking to do something, uh, um, different so that we can capture, um, interest intellectual, make it intellectually interesting. And so that's not, like, that's not at all at the foundation.

If you look at it, that's not at all a, a clickbait type hook. While it may get attention, it's not a big marketing idea because it's just a tool to get attention. And it's not usually built on, I shouldn't say usually. It's often not built on truth accuracy. It's almost, in some cases it's totally left behind.

Like, it's not even part of the campaign. There's no attachment to the, um, to the argument. There's no proper segue into the argument. And so I want you to understand that we're not, when we're coming up with big marketing ideas, what I don't want you to get caught up in, what I don't want you to misunderstand is that we're not trying to hide anything. We're not trying to merely get a click or merely get attention.

We're just trying to find an alternative way to present an idea or topic that, uh, um, uh, differently than, than which it's already been presented. And so, does that make sense? Yes. Yep. Anything that you would add to that or, or ask about that, because, uh, um, that's really it.

That's really the only thing that, you know, I wanted to, uh, I wanted to cover. Like, I think, you know, it's, it's, it is, you know, it's, and some of it might be nuance, you know, uh, but it drives me wild when I hear people talk about certain things like, you know, um, you know, like, uh, if you need a big idea, your product is garbage. That's just ridiculous. That one thing is, you know, that one thing is nothing to do with the other. Like one thing has absolutely nothing to do with the other.

Like, it truly has nothing to do with the, first of all, the big marketing idea has nothing to do with the product. Like, it's not a big marketing idea. It's not a big product idea, it's a big marketing idea. And so it's not about the pro, the product can remain the same, right? Like, and it has nothing to do with wanting a big marketing idea to get attention based on what you know about the marketplace.

And you know, what it is that they've already heard, seen what they've already been told, right? We, we know how difficult it is to grab attention, especially in saturated and competitive markets. I believe, like in our market, I believe that it's getting infinitely more difficult to get attention today because of how many messages are being thrown at the, the marketplace and how similar a lot of these, these messages sound, right? And so I know how difficult it is to get attention. And so the big marketing idea is a tool to get attention for the, the campaign.

We're not trying to hide anything. We're not trying to mask anything. We're not saying, Hey, we have a garbage product, therefore let's come up with a big marketing idea so that we don't have to talk about the, the product. That's not the aim, that's not the goal, that's not, that has nothing to do with it, nothing to do with it whatsoever. And so that's just a misunderstanding of the big marketing idea.

And so anything that you guys would add, ask anything in addition. If not, that's okay. That's cool. No, all good. Good.

Teddy. Okay, good. That's all she wrote. Just think about it. Recognize like, you know, to me this was, it was cool to see.

I love seeing this post from him. 'cause I love the fact that, you know, I love seeing more people recognizing the need for proof, evidence, support. I love more people recognizing that claims aren't enough benefit, statements aren't enough. You know, this, this kind of sales copy, you know, salesmanship in print, that it's really evolved and that we have to have more support, proof, evidence today, um, than ever before. Uh, and, and again, and just understanding that a big marketing idea is just a, uh, a different way to get attention.

That it's not, we're not trying to hide anything. We're not trying to bury anything. And that really, there is no such thing as big marketing idea copy. There's copy that uses a big marketing idea, but there's no such thing as big marketing idea copy. And so, cool.

Cool. Yep. All right. You guys are outta here. Appreciate it.

Have a great day guys. Thanks guys.
