---
title: "E5 Campaign Copy & Messaging 2022-11-16 17:00:28"
date: 2022-11-16
duration: 1h 57m
duration_seconds: 7033
vimeo_id: 771719258
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# E5 Campaign Copy & Messaging 2022-11-16 17:00:28

**Date:** 2022-11-16 | **Duration:** 1h 57m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey question. How are you? I'm good. I'm excited. Cool, man.

I think I think Teddy might be joining us too. Did the whole team? Yeah, well, we'll see. He said he said he was gonna try to jump on so I told him that would be a good idea since he could potentially be one of your ideal prospects. So yeah, let's see.

What's going on, Michael? Hey guys. How are you? Good. It's what are you talking about?

What what did I miss? I don't know. Just nothing just about 30 seconds. Okay? Yesterday just me renting for an hour about everything.

I got I gotta I gave a hola here full of. Everything I felt was happening, but who knows, you know? What I feel doesn't matter what I guess the data matters. So yeah, I'm hey Teddy. So you got you got you're the first and E5 coaching history man to have the whole dream dream here working on and a little thing you All right.

Yeah. No, I'm just I'm just listening and provide support but yeah, I'm gave them a comment yesterday. Just tell them how you know how I felt like it really resonated with me and that you know, you showed me the technique and it works and that kind of thing. So I'm just gonna kind of listen chime in as needed but I'll let these I'll let the pros handle it. Thank you.

Yeah, so you you showed Paul your your campaign yesterday. Well, yeah, the the newer I mean, it's it's very short, right? It's not even a campaign. It's just an idea I guess but yeah, and you know, I guess I'm thinking. And you know, this is from like what we're getting like from what it looks like to me is that you know, most people don't really want to sit through like a very very long like training or anything, you know, most competitors are pretty short and to the point and everybody is shorter than what I've been doing so far.

So probably like if I can get the point across in a short amount of time, that'd be better and then you know, I just want to kind of hear what you were thinking Michael because you know yesterday like I'm all into like, okay. I'm already moved on. I'm like, I'm gonna do this new thing and today I was working on this new course and whatever but like if we should, you know stick to the older thing. I don't know. I'm just wanting to hear what you you have to say Okay.

So yeah, I'll just show you. I went through your all of that Prospect examination that you had and went through your lead again. And one of the things that struck me and we've talked about this a little bit before is the fact that you you were talking to people who already played the guitar. And the first thing you say is, you know, you talk about how it's a a secret that will make you sound like a pro right and It's something that all of these. Top guitar players use right?

Yeah, and then You explain what it is? So what occurred to me is like if they already play the guitar? Chances are they've tried some of the stuff you that you explained to them and in the marketing argument, right? And and so it's just not. it's not it just wasn't it's a mixed message for people who are already familiar with playing the guitar who've already had lessons and And so I was thinking that that message which you know, like all if E5 messages are.

are kind of designed to work on problem where people Right, so newbies would anyway, I was kind of agreeing with you that that newbies was probably be a better fit for that message that you had. So let me share my screen right quick and I'll show you a couple of things. The other thing about the micro Aesthetics Michael is that you know, it comes across as a as a psychological trick more of a mindset like it's not about a guitar trick. It's more about A performance stage thing, you know like yeah. Even though I get that might the reality might involves some sort of guitar to technique.

I haven't gone through the training but I'm saying just as somebody who's looking to learn to play guitar if I hit that I'm like hey if I don't want to play if I don't want to play in front of people. on stage, you know, like playing in my living room for friends at a party is one thing but playing a stage as a whole different thing, but then yeah just that positioning of potentially being psychological psychological there's like a disconnect there. I don't think that's what they're looking for. Yeah. Yeah.

So yeah, I I felt the same way. so like going through going through what you had if like there's a couple office options in my in my head if I were doing what you're doing number one if your prospects are already guitar players. Then your message might be one possible message might be that you're already know enough with your left hand. To be able to get admiration from your family and friends and perform and sound like a pro and all of that stuff like you don't even more left hand stuff. right and that that would be appropriate that would be that be something that somebody who has been trying to learn guitar would believe right, you could you could demonstrate that like you could almost take somebody who's just a beginner guitar player and show him some things give them a metronome and make them stick to it for about a week or two and then It'd sound like 500% better, right so that that would be one thing if they're already a guitar player.

but still the promise I think would be more along the lines of gaining admiration you know because I mean, yeah, they they want to be better at Guitar. But why do they want to be better at guitar? And there's a lot of reasons when I went through. Your research this one kept showing up. Right.

So anyway, that's one thought and the second one is For people who guitars are kind of a strong interest to kind of interested in Guitar. They don't have a guitar yet. but really the promise could be again admiration of friends and family like a shortcut to that. And all you need is you know, $150 guitar from Amazon and micro Aesthetics and one month and boom. They the they'll thank you the greatest thing, you know and in the neighborhood or whatever.

So that those are kind of like two approaches. I would probably Go after it like it. I would you know, if if the idea if the hook were strong enough. You could have the campaign work for both of these audiences, right? But I would really.

Choose one or the other and they're both big audiences anyway. Right, so that's that's just basically where my head was at after I looked through all of your stuff and looked at your existing lead, you know, I listen to it again. You know, so I and ascended like you were kind of leaning towards the second one. Anyway, like towards towards newbies. Anyway from from the email you sent.

well, yeah, I mean it's a completely different right like the the because it's really been just about like, you know, drop into drop D and then you know because I was thinking like so many people like even Teddy like the one thing is like yeah, I was trying to show him chords the first time I've been like, you know, you got too busy or whatever and I'm thinking like, oh, well, you know, like people just hate chords in general like beginner guitar players. They just hate chords in general because it's like it takes a long time and you know, it does take a lot of work, even you know, even if you learn them the the easier way or whatever it's it's still takes a while for people and effort for people to get it but if people can just do like, you know, just this yeah, yeah. Yeah, an open tuning all they need is a finger one finger. Yeah and say remember as long as the chords are one four and five and and not any minor chords then. Yeah, they're all they're all major chords, right?

Well, no because it's it doesn't even matter because it's just power cords, right? So it's like it could be minor or major. It doesn't matter. Oh, that's true. That's true power cord that you can literally play any song like this and then just be like and impress your friends, you know, and there would be something I can actually get them to doing one hour right like or like fairly fairly soon right in one hour.

It can already get them to be like love and it's what I got. I say remember that that's Sublime. That's for the 90s people, you know, like and like there might be the 90s people. But yeah, exactly. So I'm thinking like, you know, my audience would be probably around like in between like, you know, 25-ish to like, you know, 45, maybe 50s or whatever and I guess like that's the area where you know 90s is is kind of relevant for for us like even me like my generation 25 like Red Hot Chili Pepper was huge.

You know when I was not when I was growing up but everybody, you know, because we were the Big Brothers listening to that and then like, you know, big brothers and you know, Meaning like brothers and and showing their music to very smaller brothers and stuff like that. I don't know. I feel like 90s is not just for people that were born in writing the 90s. You know, I feel like babies from the 2000s and later on were like also in 290s and stuff stuff like that and then just in music in general is all over the place. Sorry.

I'm just talking now, but That would be easier. That would be a lot easier like to get results from people and I feel like that would help like if I was to go for like beginners then that's what I would do it my Prosthetics the way I've I've made it like there's no way like a brand new beginner could just get all that down, you know because like it's too it's just too hard like if somebody like to be able to play micro Aesthetics, you need to already be able to you know, switch chords even and so so then, you know, we probably should. If if we went with my Prosthetics then we probably should still like focus on like yeah the admiration of others, you know, and maybe like get rid of the psychological trick and just like focus on the mechanism itself. And that's what you're saying. Basically.

Yeah. Yeah, it's still give it a name. I mean you can still call it microsthetics. It's just that it's not a psychological trick. It's just what you do with your right hand that um.

That whips the crowd into a frenzy. Right. Well, it's it's really like the the way I like to think about it. It's like the combination of everything I look and you know, I've seen the pros do and then it's the combination of all of that. Basically.

I think I have like a written like definition of it, but it's like because really the original idea I was copying like, you know, just modeling off of an ad of this guy saying like what if in 90 days you need to get a shredded as possible and just get a six pack and you know, like a movie star right like a movie star like it was the ad by Kinobody or whatever and and I basically based like my idea based off of that. Right? So it was like What if you had to just sound like a pro in 90 days, I guess like well, yeah. Yeah, and then this is how you know invented evolves to everything right? And so um So really it's just you know, what are the pros doing that that makes them sound good?

I mean, I mean for me Michael like you know, it's It's a 90-10 problem like, you know, like like 10% of guitar players might want to be a pro play live in a band on stages where we're like microstatics just feels like a back end program. Like we said like unless you already know how to play guitar. It's not the right. It's not the right fit and given like the cost that he's seen on his campaigns. It makes it feels like it makes sense for him to just go out to The Beginner's build that list as big as possible get them in the door with this thing that gets them a quick win and a quick result.

And then micro Aesthetics is the back end offer because he doesn't have a back end Beyond micro Aesthetics either is the other problem, right? So if you can't you can't make aov work on the front end, which he hasn't been able to yet. Then without a back end. He's never gonna be able to scale. But back again, you mean like an upsell, right?

Yeah something else like so I mean like if they got some wins with the flat finger method Granted they still may not be ready for microstatics which probably but he has another kind of beginner, you know mid beginner to mid level kind of course in his library that he could pitch them on. Yeah, and then that could be either a membership or some sort of of coaching program to ensure like they actually go through it because really that's the hard part like because if I sell them, of course. I feel like with you know flat finger or whatever like we could just go through it by themselves and probably like be pretty pumped about it, you know while they go through it, but the tricky part about guitar is like if you don't have the really burning desire of like trying to get it down, you know, some people are just have that burning desire and it's like they were born and we're just like I really want to play guitar and we just go at it and they're like, I don't care how much it hurts my fingers or whatever but most of my kids. Let's say I teach them like it's always like I'm a fingers hurt and like they need that encouragement of like me just being there and and helping them stick to it. You know to just really learn the guitar.

so I yeah, I mean I don't know I think. I think you know and who knows but like maybe that flat finger thing might be an easier when at first especially on the front end. And then keep like and still I still need to because right now I have like what like three, you know three courses men after that and then they all leading to each other right one is like super beginner. Do you ever want his beginner tune somebody intermediate in the other one is like intermediate to Pro kind of thing. So they say I don't know.

What do you guys think? I'll tell you what. I think I kind of just been like. Staying quiet because I'm really just trying to absorb everything that we're talking about here. And so here's my take right.

I think all of these things make sense, right and they're all great ideas. What I don't want to happen or what I'm concerned about happening is that we start making decisions based on lots of subjectivity and kind of turning a blind eye to what we've already done historically and how that could potentially be impacting what we're doing now. And so the things that I want to bring up I kind of just want to bring them up from an objective point of view not from a point of view of that. I don't agree with what any any of you guys are saying but more from I just kind of want to bring them up objectively and and have all of us kind of think through them just to make sure that we're not veering off in a different in a different direction for the sake of going in a different direction. So the first thing is this your previous campaign was designed for newbies your previous campaign.

The pattern assimilation was all about how to play your favorite songs how to impress people how to have fun at campfires and all that jazz, right and from that. We went to well no, those people don't even own a guitar. They're too hard to sell. Let's go to people that are already playing the guitar and show them how to play better. Right.

So that's one thing I want to keep in mind is that now? We're going back to those people. So there has to be something different. If we're doing that there has to be a different because first you know, the the the collective decision last time was that those people are just too hard to convert. So are they going to be easier to convert now with a different idea and a different mechanism?

I don't know the answer to that yet, but I'm just putting things out there for us to kind of marinate on for lack of a better term. Um, there are also lots of variables that came into this campaign. So the first one is that there was a point where Christian was getting consistent sales granted. He was paying way too much for those customers, but he said yesterday there was a point where he was getting consistent sales, and then they just stopped. Nothing changed the campaign didn't change the ads didn't change the creatives didn't change.

He just stopped getting sales. And so it always kind of worries me when You're trying to collect data to validate a funnel and then your traffic is getting screwed up. And then you start making changes to the funnel. Because you think that the funnel stop performing but in reality, is there a trap is there some sort of a is there a traffic issue there at play? There's also the fact that when he was going to his opt-in page that was the only time that he was converting and getting sales.

When we removed it to kind of remove that barrier, right because we validated the idea with the 30% or very close to 30% opt-in rate. So then logically we remove that barrier then he stopped getting sales. Right arm. I agree that the psychological trick. It's not a good angle.

But the the really I think what we did with the psychological trick was we tried to put a label on what the idea was and the idea was that it's not so much about learning how to play songs. It's learning how to make them sound better when you play them. And so the idea that we just came up with was all let's put a label on that of psychological trick and you're 100% right? That's psychological trick probably is a big disconnect with these people. Um, so but what I wonder is does that mean that the whole idea needs to change or does just the naming of the idea and the positioning of the idea need to change?

Um The other thing that I wonder is how are we gonna get complete beginning? And again, I don't know the answer to this because I'm not a traffic expert but how do you even Target newbie guitar players when Christian was telling me keyword search is gone now from YouTube. so all those cool keyword terms Teddy that you came up with like people trying to buy equipment and stuff like that. Is that like off the table now or is there like a different way we could do that? I mean, it's probably it's certainly shouldn't be off the table for AdWords, but it would be off the table for YouTube.

It sounds like which is the only way to use keywords. What's up, the only way to use keywords now is by doing a custom campaign that is not driving for you know conversions, right? Because usually everybody does campaigns that drive for conversions. The only way to do a keyword campaign is to not drive for conversions. So then you don't have the algorithm help you just driving for clicks.

Yeah. But at least to be targeted traffic still, yeah. And it's impression based or it's cost per click based. It's mmm probably. After but like I think I think the only way you can still do keywords is just with custom campaigns at that point.

So and one last thing is that like Christian you're saying that you believe essentially that the education based part of the campaign is too long because your competitors don't have campaigns that are that long. And so the the line of thinking is that and Michael you and I have have talked about this in the past is that People that are trying to solve a real problem or resolve a true pain. Will give you a lot more attention than people that are just trying to fill and unfulfilled desire. So like somebody who's got killer back pain who can't get out of bed. Maybe they'll watch a two hour vsl to learn how to fix that problem.

But somebody who just wants to learn how to play the guitar to impress people are they are they willing to dedicate that much time to being educated about how to do that but okay, and there's I think there's there's schools of thought that support both of those things and there's evidence that support both of those of those lines of thinking but then the other part is like, okay well, We need to change the lead. We need to change the big idea so which is it? Is it that the big idea or forget about the idea? Is it that the lead? on is okay, but you're just taking too long to educate them right or is it that no your idea and your lead are no good to begin with and and on top of that you're over educating them or is it that the idea and lead or no good and they're and and the education part is too low.

Like I'm I just want to make sure that we're asking ourselves like the right questions so that we're all kind of on the same page with whatever direction we're gonna move in. So, I know I said a lot of things there. So, I guess like the first question that I would ask is. Teddy Michael what are your thoughts on that? What are your thoughts on consumption?

For people that are trying to solve. a dying problem versus people that are looking for an unfulfilled desire real quick. Can you because everything that you said right there like that was actually like You know really like I don't know I felt like it was like a lawyer just me like this and this and this and this and this is what happened and I'm like that's that's actually like great. I feel like you took like notes of everything I was saying yesterday. I did.

Yeah right here. Okay. Can you like go back through it like real quick just like has as quick points. So everything is it back in mind because like because you know, that was a lot. So can you do again right?

So let me let me let me try to break these down in order so that they kind of make so that this makes sense because I did throw a lot of things out there. All right. So the first thing is the variables involved in his campaign, let's start there. The fact that he was only getting sales when he went to his opt-in page. Okay, and that is opt-in Page was you were getting a 30% opt-in rate at one point, right?

30. Yeah. Okay, so he was getting a 30% opt-in rate. His video view rate. And is Click through rate according to John were good.

Is that right? Or am I messing that up? Yeah the ads I've always been doing good. Okay, so he's got a an acceptable video view rate and click through rate at a 30% opt-in rate way when he's yeah. When Paul said video view rate, he's talking about your vsl.

Not your ads. No, I am talking about his ads. I'm sorry. Oh talking about the view rate on his YouTube ads. Well, from what I remember.

Those were always good, right? Yeah, so the the good mate metrics in me for like YouTube ads is usually like in between like a 10 and 20% view rate and like one to two percent click through rate and historically like it's always pretty good. It's always at least 20% sometimes 30% you rate for the ad. Um, and then to click through rate has always been pretty good like one one percent to two percent. So historically like in John is always said that like historically your ads have been all of them either pattern simulation or you know, the previous thing or this has been doing good.

The option rate was 30% and there was that weird thing that I spent $400. And like for $400 I got four sales meaning I got like 25% back, but then I kept on I spent another $400 with the same exact campaign. And you know, no sales, right? So there was that as well, right? And so When we think about that then it's like yeah, I know that like, you know, it doesn't really matter.

What medium you do. If you do like, you know, like if the message doesn't convert it's not gonna converts if it's a webinar or if it's a call funnel or whatever. It doesn't matter like what the model is. But then it does also affect it right into some extent like the model that you use and the way you go about it does affect things. Fairly drastically, doesn't it?

Well, let's let's just kind of answer that question. as objectively as we can so How do we what do we think about that the fact that he was getting a getting good engagement on his ads getting the acceptable opt-in rate? Was getting sales but was just paying way too much for them and then a sales just stopped. This was on the beginner offer. This was on microstatics that those on my career Statics and the lead was doing 80% Right?

So when I was running up 10 The lead was you know, 80% of people were there by the end of the lead still right? So that lead was obviously converting and now we tested that same exact lead, right but like straight traffic and like 40% were still there at the end of The League which is to be expected right because if you don't obtain, You know more people are just going to bail out, right? But when they did opt in people were watching the lead. Yeah, and so then the other part of that is that the only time he got sales is when he went to the opt-in page. So he goes to the opt-in page.

He loses 70% of the people that are not interested. He captures the 30% that are of course that 30% is gonna have are gonna sit through the lead higher because they're more targeted and then those are the only people that ever wound up buying. Now again part of a theory there was if we if he's getting sales and he's got that 30% opt-in rate. Let's just remove the opt-in page and then his CPA should go down. Right, but that didn't happen.

I didn't happen any stopped building the list too. So it was like a double whammy. And the reason for that I'm guessing is because of the optimization of of the platform right? Because since we're running with uptimization for conversion, I'm guessing if the opt-in if we're optimizing for leads. the algorithm algorithm is learning who we want faster than if you know, we're up to that amazing for purchases or even order form views, right?

Where you're saying it was in that optimization for leads that that the campaign eventually blew up and stopped. So so we Well, you're saying is at some point that stopped working was the opt-in rate the same and people just stopped buying meaning, you know traffic. So the AI was sending the wrong traffic then whatever signal it was getting from those people that were opting in thinking that these are the people Right, that sounds like what happened? Yeah, and I'm guessing that's because we were only optimizing for leads and not purchases as well. All right.

And but that those Johns recommendation though to just do one at a time. And but then we couldn't even track like because you remember we had that problem tracking leads and then we had no tracking purchases from which ad they came from and then we started setting up all the utms. That's that's when that's really why we started just doing the utms Because we were only optimizing for leads and not purchases because if you optimize for purchases then Google shows you like which had you know, which conversion came from which had if that makes any sense? Yeah, another thing. Another thing to keep in mind too.

Is that The small list that he did build from this. I had him do a three day flash sale to those people. To try to recoup some money and he wasn't getting any sales or forget about sales. He wasn't getting any engagement from them. Like nothing and the minute he started talking about anything related to a promotion in the in the emails his opens and clicks just dropped.

Yeah, so, I mean that's so that's a clear indication. It wasn't the right target. It's like those leads weren't weren't the right people for whatever reason. I'm not sure why but yeah, we're targeting keywords like plague guitar. and then we started doing like You know F sharp minor chord or like things that you know people that are definitely know how to play open chords already would be looking up.

You know and then gear we that's what we're targeting keywords-wise. But then who knows because 200 people like his is so tiny compared to like the whole Google, you know. so and also like been a question is like how like is really like a hundred people enough like to just be able to build some solid data. because and and that's just a question that I'm thinking like. Because I mean like under Lee it's you're talking about that.

You got you talking about a hunt because you you've gotten like 100 needs. No, he's talking about for how many people. Is a hundred people enough to a step in your minimum viable funnel to make a decision and when it comes to YouTube traffic specifically because I'm thinking like YouTube is like bigger, right? It's a lot bigger than than Facebook. I don't know how many billion people varies more than a billion.

How many more people read on on YouTube then breeze on on Facebook. And the thing that I keep on hearing all the time is like YouTube is more like your goal is to you just you you're picking from a big pool of people while like, you know, you're trying to just narrow down who comes into your funnel you can you're trying to really just sift through whenever you do, like people that say Hey making that on YouTube they always say like Oh really? Call out your your audience because you don't want like the wrong people to go. See your funnel. You know, like are you like I you know, are you intermediate you try player that just wants to sound better kind of thing like in call out those people only.

Yeah to answer your question a hundred is the minimum. Right. Yeah a hundred is a minimum. So it's you know, then it's like how do we know if we're like making decisions based on data that is valid or not. Like that's also the tricky part of things right because Because then well, you've gotten too hot you've gotten 200 leads, but you've sent.

Over a thousand clicks to the opt-in page, right? Yeah, and then when you remove the opt-in page, you will also sending ungated traffic to the sales page. So more than a hundred people have seen. Your vsl. Right.

Yeah, and you know is sorry if I could campaign works. I mean maybe there's the couple hundred dollars that at the beginning that you might not be getting like, you know a return right but then after 200 dollars things should start working. Is that how it works Paul wait seven again, let's say You know, I'm guessing that whenever you you send a campaign, right? Like you can't really expect it to just like spend $100 and get a hundred dollars back even with a winning campaign, right? Even if it's a winning campaign usually have that almost like testing money or like that.

Yeah that said that you're right into Facebook or YouTube to be like, hey find me the right people for this thing right is yeah. I usually I usually it's not really so much the amount of money. It's the time. I usually my media buyers usually need three days three days to start figuring out to start figuring out which ads are working which ones they need to turn off which audiences which ad sets are working. It's usually about three days.

It takes to dial in a campaign. on Facebook On Facebook and yeah, usually do you spend like little or like you hundred bucks a day hundred bucks a day. So when you have like those like $500 that basically is just that check to figure out okay, which one is gonna work, you know? Yeah, so even with a winning campaign So how do we know that? This is not just a winning campaign, but then you know, like I just haven't spent enough.

Yeah, I mean was the only concern would be the engagement on the video. Yeah, well do yeah, the engagement on the video is definitely bad at that point, right? So Yeah. so given that my question is so first question is do you think? That he should explore.

Facebook as a traffic Channel, or is that just we just forget about that and stick to YouTube? I mean certainly the targeting is going to be even Blinder on Facebook, right? Okay. Okay. I mean my suggestion would be that he should certainly have which which we did do a couple weeks ago.

Like I would have the pixel installed and be retargeting on Facebook to anybody that came to the site from YouTube, but okay, what about Google search I mean, I would think that certainly worth a test depending on so yeah, it might require slightly different landing page right because now they're not seeing the pre-sell video that they would be seeing on YouTube but Certainly from a targeting standpoint if you want to Target either beginner or intermediate. now the other problem and that's where so I guess you just got to look at. You know again those keyword phrases and then what comes up as free content as the only problem. yeah, so what I'm just trying to figure out is what what the best traffic strategy should be because even Like your best ads and this and the the small amount of sales that you did get they all came from keyword campaigns on YouTube, right? Yeah, which is now gone.

So again, this is why I'm hesitant to say, let's change the idea. Let's change the lead. Let's change the unique mechanism. Let's change the entire campaign and then we go to run this traffic and it's like oh wait, but there are no keyword campaigns anymore. And that was work.

That was what was working like it seems like there's a there's a issue that needs to be solved first before we make that decision. Well traffic wise like with the looks of what it was like. you know, even with using audience is because it's not like I mean on Google, you know, there's keywords, but then you have like audiences right so you can search audiences that in the past have searched things like how to play better on guitar. Okay, so I can create audiences that are there still have Search keywords. The only thing is that instead of landing on a video like that very about to watch a video about guitar instead of laying on that.

It could be a video about anything. But just because those people searched a term like hey how to play on this on guitar. I could still like find them, you know, even over watching like dog training videos or something, you know. Got it, okay. so they still like it's still like fairly we still can like um narrow down like who we're targeting with with Google.

Because of the way it is now obviously like most YouTube ad people were always say like the order sounds like, you know, first retargeting list, you know, if you have viewers on your YouTube channel first Target those people then do keywords. Figure out what keywords work and then after you do keywords, then go like audiences, you know, like, you know audiences and you can do like audiences you can do people that have visited like my competitors, right? So one of one of the best audience add wise right for the ads last time was like people that have visited guitar tricks. Right because those are like those people that are not really into lead guitar, but they might still be beginners because they probably didn't go through guitar tricks. You know, you know some me I don't know and I don't really know but guitar tricks is like the the broad people right?

It's like they target everybody you try Trix is very targeting is like Oh, either you're being if you're a beginner you can come here if you're in advance, you can come here, you know. And like that's very messaging like we don't we're not very specific. So that was an audience that did work fairly. Well when it came to the ad they get any sales. No, so we don't know if that's actually good good onions.

But the problem with guitar tricks is that they were like, oh I could sign up for guitar tricks for no dollars and have a 14-day free trial. Why should I buy your 47 dollar course or twenty seven dollar course or even seven dollar course, right? Because it's like we've already seen those competitors and like realistically most people that play guitar or trying to play guitar have seen or guitar tricks commercial just because they have so many ads so many YouTube ads on there like there's no way. You can look for guitar stuff and not find a guitar tricks add, you know. Even more so than even guitar mastering method or breakthrough guitar.

so high awareness people Yeah, well High awareness of high Center High Market saturation, right? Like yeah, and like one thing that John was saying is that I'm competing with these offers that are just like literally. No, you know Fender plays no credit card required free trial. Right. So like that's literally just for seven days, right you try to accept fingers like a credit card required, but it's a 14-day free trial and then it's a monthly membership.

So I'm competing with these like those power offers. And that's also number thing that he was saying is like, you know, even though we're not completely direct response for like more like we're more leaning towards brand institutionalized right marketing. The way they do things it's not like you, you know, they don't stack the offer the way like a true direct response people then Kennedy ish thing would do right. But like it's like even though we're not true direct responses. You still have to take in consideration their offer and the fact that you competing with that monster offer, you know, well and the other the other most important thing is that they're selling continuity, right?

So yeah, they can afford to go negative because they've got You know certain number of months that they know somebody's going to stay on. Yeah, that's true. And you know, I'm guessing a lot of people sign up and even the ones that don't even use the program or like the the thing very well just the credit card gets built 14 days later. We don't even think about that day that they signed up on a whim or like. Oh, yeah, like 15 bucks and it's cheap too.

It's like like 24 like around like 30 like something like that. So, I mean it's fairly cheap for most like it's cheap enough that people forget about it. Like, for example, I have this gym membership of LA Fitness that I've never canceled because it's such a pain to cancel and it's ten dollars a month and I I have to go there like from 95 on Monday through Friday and I'm like, you know, that's so stupid. So I have another question because again the other flip side to this is that I'm trying to look at all this stuff super objectively and I am the furthest thing from your ideal Prospect never played the guitar. I don't want to play the guitar.

So I'm just the furthest person really to to have any kind of. like emotional feeling toward this right and anything that would kind of resonate with me and I don't know much about this. are there are there direct are there competitors that are using direct response like Jonathan Boyd and these other guys that are not teaching lead guitar. Or they all teach lead guitar. Well, the those two are the most successful ones right like the other ones like I was looking on Facebook library and it's like people like me right like you remember was it with you my call that I was showing you this guy that teaching Rhythm you try now, I'm getting his emails like he says like oh, you know like you you shouldn't think about the left hand.

It's all about the right hand, but then like, I don't know if he's a good example because you Facebook ads running and I've been running since maybe October. So maybe some what profitable but In from my research like those weren't the ones that were coming up, right? And most people like even you know, because there's also this Zoom guitar. This guy's same thing like, you know, like guitar mastery. He's like he's like lead guitar.

It's mostly focuses on that, you know. Now if I search here and I'm actually share my screen, right? Because I mean I'm sure they are like but yeah, I would also argue to that that like a beginner like me. Like I vaguely know the difference between playing lead guitar versus rhythm guitar. Like I'm not sure that that's a different.

You know, I just want to play guitar. Thank you care less whether again unless I'm looking to play in a band and I want to be the lead guitarist or the Rhythm, you know. Yeah, well these guys do that doodly guitar like we're going a specific, you know Market, but I guess there is right. So this guy G4 Paddington. Let's see to me open this guy.

Oh, no, wait, how do you see all he's ever asked? Anyway, so right here was like and started running November 11th. So, you know, these are like just fresh. G4 guitar zombie guitar You know any entire fed board in any key. So this guy is doing the guitar, right?

Anytime you see navigate the entire Fred board in any key. That's that's all the guitar right these guys zombie guitar again. Let me show you how you can learn. Learn songs by ear, right? So some people want to learn songs by ear.

Don't basic guitar. We're for free course seven day. Like the technical routine, so that sounds more likely guitar. This one is classical guitar. And who knows if these guys are actually profitable right?

Because you know, I'm just seeing their ads. I mean sounds like this one if it's still running right here. You must have been Master violin. star this one since September 6 and it's active right so learn to play guitar. with this book, I mean like the promise is How to learn guitar it's like the you know, no unique mechanism.

It's like just you know, it's just promise, right? On the promise exposure spectrum is is the lowest right promises the lowest thing. Right when there's promised expended like because here is not even saying a certain amount of time how to learn guitar. For nine dollars the super easy way. I guess it is expanded right?

So how to learn guitar easy. or when expand it would be how to learn guitar easily in one minute or something like that. Then with a unique mechanism how to learn you trying to one well how to learn guitar with microstatics and then how to learn guitar in one minute with microsthetics. That would be like the promise expanded with Munich, right? Well, that guy's got an 80/20 rule.

He's got a mechanism. 80/20 Yep, in the headline just inside just an aside by the way, Michael and Paul like you guys should be really proud of how well he's learned in the whole E5 Method Man. Well, he knows whatever like that's right. So that's why it's so frustrating that it's just not working because like he you know, he's He learned it, you know, he knows it. There it's like he's at the cusman.

I was obsessed with it. Like I bought like E5 camp like a year ago like him in the summer and I literally just took notes. I have like this big binder with no you got it. You have the recordings like over and over when I was at the gym lifting weights. I was like crazy but you know you guys like, you know, I mean without you like I would not learn as as much as you know, I know now I guess and hopefully I mean, you know don't work at some point.

But yeah, so I don't know so there are people that that teach. Learn guitar right just learn guitar. Maybe it is a simple as just being like how to learn guitar. Maybe that's what really people want to do. You know, but I guess there's the 80/20 rule there.

the easy and fast before 80/20 rule Yeah, I don't know. This is actually kind of interesting now. but then why not put that in so let's get back to your stuff man like Your Camp the one that's how many people have seen your offer. in with the microstatics one Yeah. Probably like 20ish people.

but that's why I mean like because like all these people and how many people have and how many people have been to your sales page in between my prosthetic sales page two hundred like very like 200 people. Or so yeah, maybe like a little less than that. right because there's like Well, no. Well that's views, right? So 69 plays, right?

If I need if I look at this fun final stats. by the way, I checked out that this time IO thing Petty and it looks almost I don't know. I'm really thinking about switching but because you guys so system that I oh it's similar to marketing OS. but a little bit more click funnels click funnels like and actually a little bit cheaper so It's really easy to use and like the actual members area looks pretty good, too. And I'm like hmm.

I don't know. And that was what November? so so Paul like what was driving my but just You know you're asking about that the the data, right? What's driving what I just told? Christian at the beginning of this call.

Is that a couple hundred people have seen a sales page? Zero have purchased and if you look at it as engagement graph. It's like people bail right away. Right the it's like a complete. There's a nose dive during the lead.

Wait, what do you mean zero people have purchased? and micro Aesthetics Well those current campaign he's that's where he's talking about. The campaign is running now 200 people have seen it. Have been have seen the the sales page. have like started the start of the video Nobody has purchased.

and just like just a few people even gotten to the offer. They're not they're not getting past the marketing argument. There's nothing there's something that's just not. As much as I love that campaign he did. The audience that he's sending to it.

just as not buying it and so I have to go by. you know because he's working with John, you know, I have to go with okay, he's getting he's doing traffic. properly Is the audience messed up, you know, I'm not sure all I know is the audience that see in the campaign now is not buying it. They're not they're not believing in in what he's saying. So that's in my mind, I think okay.

It new message time. Right, so that's that's where my head was at. And like because that's the offer that's what the data. I'm totally on board with that. My the only the only thing the only place that I stop and think for a second is I say but at one point very recently he was getting sales and they stopped and so that Makes me think there's a traffic issue and what I'm afraid of is that if we go and change his messaging because of what you just said, which logically makes sense, but we never really solve this traffic problem the same thing would happen again.

That's the only Monkey Wrench in this entire thing is that he's got his sales for they just stopped. Right and they stopped and he kept going for another 400 bucks, which was what like a week. I can't recall but probably like, you know a few days. Yeah a few days a few days in any stop so like even Even Paul like right now he's he's been like thousands of bucks a month on ads. And some weeks he'll get nothing.

He'll get no sales. And he it's not until he looks at the whole month. He just keeps his hands out of it. Let's the media buyers do their thing. And then at the end of the month, he just looks at all that data and makes a decision.

And so you got a few sales. You kept running it for a few more days and got nothing. and then we stopped. Oh, okay. What's this is two week plus it was too expensive.

Anyway, like, you know, it's only like 20% roas, right? so Um, it just wasn't economical the way way you were doing it. however Paul what Paul's saying is maybe that original campaign is good with the Right audience Right. Maybe the audience was fine. Maybe there's not enough data Maybe, you know what?

I mean? So that maybe it's not Maybe it's not and maybe it's not maybe it's nothing needs to be ripped down and rebuilt and I'm just trying to figure out objectively or as objectively as I can be which are those two paths is the best one to go. Yeah, and and no the the reality is that Christian doesn't have He doesn't have the resources that you have and that. That people who are actually going gun guns at ahead. What were we tell them to do?

Right? Right. So he doesn't have the resources to do what people who are running a business can do. He doesn't have a business yet. He's still trying to start his business.

So he can't he can't run a thousand bucks a day or a few hundred bucks a day and wait and see what happens. Right, so that's that that's part of the thing. So I'm when I looked at the original campaign from way back when he actually got sales and when I looked at the campaign that he has going now with the the psychological trick. What? the data from the current the psychological trick thing just does not working and so I would say I'm convinced that that assuming we have good traffic.

that that campaign is a bust because People are bailing. That's that's like the most horrible engagement curve. I've seen on a video in a while. Right, but you say I'm at the psychological trick in this campaign is different than the one when he got sales because the psychological trick he had that in there when he was getting sales. I know that.

And they campaign that's new campaign was just like the same exact message just shortened, right? Yeah. And so that's that's why I'm thinking let's When I I looked at all of your data I dove into your data rather than asking you what you thought of your data. I went in and I looked at your data I combed through it. I separated the stuff that was actually desires and actually pain from people talking about their experience with playing the guitar and they're frustration playing the guitar.

Like I threw all that stuff out. Right. I didn't even consider that so I went through all of the data. And based on that and based on what your campaign was doing I set back and I thought you know. The message I don't like the message.

Right and the data is telling me the message is not good, especially in the current campaign you're running now. So that's why a Paul that that's why I came up with those. Those two approaches number one the promise should be something other than playing the guitar. Right, I would say the primary promise. I'm sorry.

The primary promise should be something other than playing the guitar if it's for people who are new and they're thinking about Ash. Should I play that should I get a guitar, you know should because what why would they want to do that? It's not to be a better guitar player. right Nobody what I'm I'm confused a little bit there because right now he's not targeting those people. Right, so you're saying should change promise and change who is targeting?

Yeah, I'm saying it either here's what I think he should do. A two options number one if he's going after newbies who don't even have a guitar yet. But they want to be cool. They want to be you know, all the reasons people want to guitar in the first place. That's what they want.

then then the the promise should not be get better at playing the guitar. It should be what they want. Okay, that's option one for those people option two, if you want to go after people who are already playing the guitar. Stop framing. Stop framing your mechanism as some some.

Like psychological woo-woo, you know secret, you know magical thing that just as like and you know, that maybe is just not believable, right? I want us to be believable. You know what I'm saying. Now, if if I went to people who were learning the guitar and like struggling with it. And I said to them look.

Forget about the left hand. Let's just get this right hand so that people listen to you and their and their jaw dropped open. This doesn't take long just like a couple of weeks and you'll have it. right that that's that's also I would say not get better at guitar. That still the primary promise is something else.

It's You know people are impressed by you people, you know, are they admire you or whatever? You know, that's that's what I would do. Because that's more. I mean like the like the I don't know it's a Caples or whoever that did the piano one, you know, everyone laughed at me when I sat down a piano, but when I started to play like that that was like a that had nothing to do with playing the piano. right It's the same kind of thing.

It's that you're going after the the emotion that really the desire to be loved and accepted. And so that's that's where I would go. and the only reason I would shift gears to that direction is because right now Playing better guitar using mysterious tricks is not working that's people aren't buying it. They're not believing that. So I want to completely different message.

I'm ready to try something else. I mean even even when he had even in his original one when he got sales. The return on ad spend was still was only 20% It wasn't much. And even even with that he was getting a lot of people to watch but by the time they got to the offer. They were just trickling through to the offer.

It's still people still weren't seeing the offer. Not really. So that's why I want to give I want a message that is something that they can believe. And something that he can demonstrate like like right now you could pick you Chris Christian. You could pick one of your students you could get a new student.

and show them that your fat finger thing. And just like video every single lesson and after about four lessons. What did he tell you guys the story of how he came up with? It? They'd be Jim and I yeah, he's told me that's and you know, I've actually done open tunings myself and it's like that's like candy that's like guitar candies what it is.

It's like you you can't mess up. You can't play bad note. It's really it's fun. But I would say if you like you could prove you could say watch me turn this never before playing, um guitar player ever played a guitar to doing gigs at a coffee house in Six weeks or four weeks or whatever, you know what I mean? Get like a half a set and you know have them sit in with you and have you know what, I mean, you could actually prove that because you know, what's provable.

and I think when you have the proof and you have an argument that like even a guitar player can believe right like if you said look just Stop it with the left hand. Stop it with the lead if you want to if you want tricks to dig you do this watch and I think The the primary promise. Anyway, that's that's why I came up with those two options. I'm talking too much now. So this is a completely different technique than pattern assimilation and micro Aesthetics.

Yeah, it's still micro Aesthetics. Because micro Aesthetics if you look at his actually actual steps and that mechanism, it's Rhythm. It's percussion. It's you know, how how it sounds when he strums. Like there's a way to strum so that it's boring and there's a way to strum.

So you kind of like you dance to it and you'd it's like if you can if you can beat your hands on the dashboard of your car. And get into that and you can do this microstatic thing right almost. Yeah, I mean, it's basically microsthetics without the embellishment portion of it. Yeah. Yeah.

So it's it's still micro aesthetic. It's just not a psychological trick. It's just a technique. It's a technique that the finger method you're talking about. Yeah, the finger method.

Yeah, the left hand is just all about it's like it's like moving. Okay, that was all about the left hand. It's not it's not about the strumming. It is about the stroke you like just because you using the left hand. He's saying that that the fat finger.

Is just like one little simple thing for your left hand and then forget about it and the Really the the secret sauce is in the right hand right in that pretty much it Christian. Yeah, it's just where really what you know with the flat finger thing in what she's saying is is true because at some point it's like ones they learned how to go like You know, then I can just go like, okay, so then do this. Yeah, you know and show him show them how to tap and whatever so this pieces of microstatics in there that I will probably teach anyway, but the main point in my in from my point of view, the main point was like, you know what people hate like people really hate chords because they're just annoying and they take so long like that's the problem. That's the problem that everybody has a big learning curve. Yeah.

It's a big learning curved in the muting and like, you know and everything like it's it's just annoying and like there's you got to remember the chords you remember which one is the which one is G that's always like my students are like, oh, you know the parents I teach like we're like we come back after we can be like, oh which one is Dee again? Which one to see like and then like the muting is annoying and like, you know remembering to put your fingers like the right way like making sure like, you have your wrist and right position your fingers are curved like that's annoying for most people and all these things that I know how to teach people because you know, if you really want to teach them you have to teach That all those things though people hate it that people hate it so really it's just about like okay one shape to rule them all one finger three strings. Yeah. Yes, like you could you could learn to play the guitar correctly while you're making a living playing the guitar actually. using the fat finger method well because then what at this point I'm thinking like not even just go that far with the promise like not even I get it I get like, oh you're gonna be a pro of this because I don't think yeah realistically you're not but it but it right but it's a sense of enough progress quickly and especially if he starts teaching some of the micro aesthetic stuff like I could just see in that module.

By the way, if you want to go deep on the microstatics click here and grab my deep dive. I'm like right like Yeah, perfect setup sale for everything else. What's the what's the idea? Tell me the idea behind this thing. Is that why you completely is that you can learn how to play guitar with one finger in 30 minutes or less?

Yeah, okay. It's the idea. Yeah, the promise yeah, that's that's a promise or like, you know, and then there's different angles right because I could be like, oh like let me snap those last three strings. You don't need those strings to play guitar, or I could be like give me a piece of paper and I'll show you how to play guitar in one hour or like be like all you need to play guitars one finger. Like these could be all different hooks or angles of different ads, but the promise is like you can play guitar in just one hour and it's super easy.

You don't need to learn chords or anything that you hate anything you hate you don't have to do it. You can just learn guitar in one hour easily and you know, you've been doing it wrong this entire time. And I was actually watching like Todd's. Whatever like thing email you guys send yesterday. I watched the entire video and he was talking about was there problem.

The audience doesn't know they have which is keeping them from getting what they want. Like it was from the the top one Mastermind, but you guys sent an email. I don't know. I actually I said last night so I already I didn't send it. I watch the entire thing before bed and it was like faking notes and whatever and I'm like, you know that that kind of makes sense because I mean the the problem the audience has is like chords and they I mean they don't know they have they kind of know they have it but it's like that's a problem and then you know, how do I you know, what is my offer that just gets rid of that problem?

Yeah. You know, I don't know. I don't know if I'm interpreting it properly but you're saying like so you're probably not that you you know, you can't learn guitar because you're not talented or something like this. Your problem is that you're learning chords and chords suck, you know or something like that. I don't know.

Okay, so it sounds to me like it's campaigns the same the idea changes the unique mechanism changes and the education part of the unique mechanism removes the embellishment part. Is that right my hearing that right or not? I mean it's not gonna be focused around like micro city microstatics as heavily as as before like there's gonna be some elements of microstatics but like very few like the only main elements is just I'm probably gonna show them how to tap and like how to do some cool like that, you know, maybe accents accents. Well, listen this if you're gonna do this man, Do it, right. Because here's what Paul's getting at.

If you if you're promise is going to be play the guitar in 30 minutes with one finger if that's if that's the promise. Then you have to have a method for doing that. What is the method? What are the steps figure that out? Figure out what the benefits are of each of the step in, you know the same the way we worked on your unique mechanism before you don't have to spend a week doing it.

Just make sure you're clear on what the mechanism is. Yeah, right. Oh, sorry. So I mean like I was working on this earlier, but like I mean the main thing is gonna be an hour in total and there's gonna be six ten minutes lessons, right? Because I want to make everything as short as possible and I'm really gonna try to just pack as much value as I can because like even in the microstatics like, you know, I'm I'm teaching so much but I wanted this to be like tight.

So the first thing we're gonna tune the guitar properly. I'm gonna show you the secret like tuning that you need to use to do that. Then you're gonna start playing songs right away and I'm gonna show them like two notes songs, and I'm thinking like what I got would be a good one because it's just so easy, you know and most most of my target market will know this song and I'm going to start it with one finger, right? And and then after that, I'm gonna be like, okay now you can do that. Let's do it.

You know Don't Stop Believing Or like, you know then Hit Me With Your Best Shot or some some of the song Whatever with that has been moving along and this is one finger. Then the next thing how to make use how to make it sound Fuller. Okay. Now you can hit two strings or like maybe multiple strings right all of the strings. That's the third like ten minute lesson then how to you know, how to play any song ever.

And this is where I'm gonna teach them a little bit about like, okay, you know, take your tuner out and figure out. Okay. This is a you know D chord, right? This is an E chord. So whenever you look you can go on Ultimate Guitar and find out the chords of the song and just literally just play that or you can just go to my book that's included in the offer that shows you all those those notes and everything is like goes by numbers.

With chords, I'm I still haven't figured that out yet. And then Drills to make playing effortlessly and then how to enhance your songs with badass Rhythm shops. So at the end like the last thing that I teach them is like Okay, so I did right or like. Things like that, but simple stuff like not over one with all the possibilities ever like I doing macrosthetics because you know, that's that program goes very deep, but this one will be like, there's the easy wins, right? Everything is about the easy way.

Right. So this is like what I'm gonna do. All right thinking like even with this like I could break it down with like the unique mechanism in the way it is and and whatever. the only thing is I and this is that I might be wrong, but I don't think I need to like break this down so much in an actual training. I think like the main thing I could do and you guys tell me if I'm wrong or anything but to make things a lot easier.

I think I could have let's say three different ad slightly different messaging. Right and the ad is gonna be my vsl. And I don't know if you guys are cool of that. But the ad should be like around like, you know, three four minutes or so. And then I send them to a page with the actual offer on bear.

So then this way we can test like okay. Well based on how on the metrics of the ad we can be like, you know, obviously most people are gonna drop off at the beginning because it's YouTube so they can skip the ad so who knows but based on the metrics like the view rates and the click-through rate. We can figure out. Okay and what what's going on with the messaging here? Because really?

like if I just look at the data, it looks like and you know, all my competitors are super short on very via sales or whatever and then you know, like it makes sense that like it needs to be short. It needs to be short and to the point and I really don't think like I even need to explain all of this before there's a buy button right? Like I don't I don't think I need to explain like each step of the mechanism if that makes any sense because the mechanism and itself just like Jonathan Boyd does he doesn't explain like how he's gonna teach them like the seven feelings. He just has a seven feelings and he explains how the seven feelings works is like. Oh, yeah, you know, Joe Pass said you can't think when you play music you need to need to feel it.

If you think your music gets tilted and Joe passes a famous guitarist, right and then he's like, okay. So you see the problem is that you've been trying to learn music theory and do that this way instead you need to feel the music and this is how it works verse seven feelings, right? And then for each note you in the explains his own thing, but It's really like he's not he's not going into steps or anything like that. You just explaining what it is. So all I have to do I'm guessing is just to explain like hey, this is how you do it.

You turn your guitar to a different tune to a secret tuning or whatever. Maybe I don't say it's drop D because everybody's gonna try to do that by themselves and then all you do is this And just go up and down and all you have to do is one finger now. I don't know if I'm right or wrong. You know, but I'm what would you guys think about that? You know, cuz obviously the model would be different and the model would be like, oh just Duty ad as of ESL right and then send them to a long form page that's dedicated to the offer.

Right? Can you talk can you speak intelligently about why this is different from all the other things. You say that again? Can you can you tell me can you tell people? And what you just described?

what makes your system different from all the other systems from all the other ways to playing the guitar because everybody else Chords, and you don't learn chords. Okay. All right like this one thing that you 8 you don't have to do it and like that's what you that's what you do if like and you can play songs. You can do all the things that you could do without all the work of actually getting the chords Down. You know, you can play all the songs you want to play without even having to get those chords down.

It's it's a lot faster. And I don't know anything. It's the lazy guitar method is the lazy guitar. Maybe that's the name. That's a maybe that's I mean like I think.

like and I know like people like don't I've never seen like a marketing message that just says that explicitly like don't even learn chords at all, you know kind of thing like or you know just and then just if I show them I feel like that would be just enough, you know, because here's the thing like what it was that was the thing like the do unicorn ad with the the party pooper thing like You remember that ad like hilarious ad you guys know what I'm talking about Opry here? or like the potri ad or like the Where is the I know what you're talking about? Yeah, like what did they do? We just friendly ad like they don't have an ad saying. Oh the way, you know, like we break it down like step one.

Just you know, I mean, I we could do that. We could be like step one pull it out of the toilet and I don't know like it's just a product right? So it's not like they have a unique mechanism attached to it, but I feel like if I just go and just be like hey, you know before you buy let me let me explain to you how it works. I mean I could do that. Right?

I could have a video that explains all of it's on the vsl. But then I'm thinking same thing as when like you test opt-in page and like you want to start with the headline because anything else that you add could be turning them off. I'm thinking like. So let me ask you when you're gonna write this campaign. You're going to do that this weekend.

Or this week. yeah, I mean I could yeah, I mean it's Okay. I know it's like I know like it really is very little right here. but I don't know like Okay, so I didn't see I didn't see this. I didn't send you this.

You probably did I just didn't. I didn't read it. I didn't read that that text at the end. So this is how it would kind of go like I would just get grab my like cutter tool or whatever. Imagine.

I have a cutter tool and I started like the video like this it goes. Yeah, clap clap and then be like, why did I just murdered three guitar strings? Because the truth is you don't need them. Look if you just want to be that guy who knows how to play guitar just so you can't press a girl or sing along with your buddies at a campfire then and you don't care about 80s guitar solos growing out your hair and becoming headbanger then you don't need those strings. If guitar is just a fun hobby to you and you don't care about becoming the next Jimmy Hendrix, you know, what else you don't need chord scales music theory sheet music and boring as books.

You don't even need to quit your day job and give up everything you love just so you can practice for eight hours a day. All you need is one finger three strings and a pick. I'm serious. The problem of the old way of playing guitar is that it's not made for a 21st century nowadays. We don't have the attention Okay, hold up for a second holders.

Hold it hold up. um Do you want to make this? a new way of playing the guitar or a fast track to playing now. Or you know what? I mean like this is Okay, never mind.

The reason I use this wording is because you know like in the book like how to write a good advertisement by big Schwab. Do you say Where's that part part that he says I go Americans are another afraid of the new stuff or whatever. And like what is new and you know new opportunity and the new way and the old way like it's it's basically just making the point maybe like the writing of it is not that great. Okay, like okay. All right.

I ramble too much on some of these you know, but um, it's not me for a 21st century. We want instant gratification. So that is for all the people that want instant gratification and don't want to put in the work right or parents probably would say that our problem of Our Generation and here I'm talking to like people that are like, you know, I guess you know, I don't know like people that are around my age and you know in in that it in in that range and but you can't get the same results faster with no effort. I mean why not do it? I'm like talking to people that are lazy like me, you know, yes scroll scroll down to the next page.

I've already read all this. Okay, you probably think I'm full of it. But let me show you the secret you're playing guitar lays away something I call Flat finger fetting with flat finger fighting can play any song in the world and you don't need to worry about meeting strings or learning hundreds of chord shapes because there's one shape to roll them all. And this is so easy and fast than anyone with a finger can start sounding like a real guitar player women an hour. You discover this when I just taught my brand new beginner student.

She showed up with my I'm a group glass with long nails and she couldn't cut them because it was like those those nails that you get it so on and whatever and then I just showed her that and women an hour. She was able to play along with all the other guitar players that took like time to learn Vero pin chords Right and all the other guitar players that had spent that time were pissed. Yeah, exactly. And then I had to apologize Sullivan. And then you know, I've been I taught this other girl that she was getting married.

So she had long nails too and I was like, oh, you know what? Let me teach you this and then and then she was like wait I'm playing songs like right now, why do you not teach me that the first time you know, what did I have to like spend like months trying to get like open chords and stuff, you know. so and you see if I just go and go in with this idea. I think like and if I make the price low enough like seven dollars or like maybe like an offer. That's awesome.

Right? Because we need to have an offer that's badass no matter what because like everybody else is doing free trials. So our offers ever gonna be very cheap or it's ever gonna be a free trial of some sort or like, you know start today pay three days later kind of thing. This is what John was recommending and thinking about just doing this which if that's if that gets me people and you know, I don't mind like waiting three days to get an all right that makes any sense, you know and getting people in the door and getting people doing it and then getting people to actually get results and then sending me videos and stuff like that and be like, oh my God, this is awesome because I know if people go through days like Bill will get it like You know women like just going through the full thing, they'll get it and then I'll probably in the in the the course. I'll be like, hey send me a video of you right now before and then send me a video of you like once you've done it and whatever and in an hour or something like that.

um like I don't know if I really need to just talk about mechanism, you know, but I could but the faster I get to the offer like at the same time like you know, it needs to be a badass offer, right so it needs to be awesome and you know something that You know a no-brainer right like a sin offer. And so compared to what else and what everything else is out there free stuff then we also need to make an awesome offer. Okay, and this is in that that email you sent recently the I'm sorry is all right. Okay, let me just double check because you know. right It's okay.

Yeah, I I remember seeing the email. And the link and I pop the link open and I saw that yeah the first part. But I didn't get to the text at the bottom. So I'll go through that. Got you.

So yeah, that's a so in yeah, and and that's the thing like I'm thinking about different hooks like the hook could be like, you know, because this would be one hook right and that would be a much easier way to test the message right because I can just get so many Impressions on this. Then like if like I just have to then watch the Youtube video and then go to the page and then like do this. Because here I could go with this one, you know, maybe I'll cut my strings or maybe the other one would be a message more centered about. Do you know that you only need one finger to play guitar and then go with something similar but with a slight different angle, you know, like instead of saying like, you know, you don't need to learn tons of chords and scales and music theory. All you need is one finger and one would be like more of that angle right of the ad and another one would be like, hey, you know that with this night little tiny piece of paper.

I can actually show you how to play guitar within one hour. Let me explain and then just go into it but different Hooks and like it's more like I don't know in I don't know like if you guys ever like tested that at all like just going like You know YouTube ad and then just a page where the offer maybe like on the page on the actual page. I can go more in depth about the offer right? So where my marketing is going to be done on the ad itself? Right and at the end of the ad I'm going I'm saying like hey, here's the here's my offered cyber seven dollar thing.

If you want more details on it, click the button below and then we can have a video and say hey this is what you get when you get the offer and then just do the regular. Offering but already have a button there if that makes any sense. Yeah, so let me I want to go through this on Friday Friday morning. this whole Tech because there I just want to make sure that you have everything you need in it as far as message wise. You know what I'm saying?

I I just don't yeah. I like where you head is that man? It's it what it means is that we're Are testing is not going to be? It's so short. It's not like we can we can really test it like a minimum viable funnel video.

With a you know what I mean? And it's it's for people. It's almost like a it's almost like a straight to offer campaign Right. It's a straight to an offer campaign with a an ad that has a Message yeah like this. Yeah, but it still has all the elements of a new five campaign right?

It's maybe not a true like, you know, E5 campaign, but like it still has a unique mechanism the you know, the research has been done. Like we're still a promise that is expanded and and unique mechanism wise I guess. I don't know like visual. I mean, it's just everything. I feel like I've learned marketing wise but just just slightly different from E5 because I don't know and you know even like, you know guitar mastering method very when you Campaign, which is totally E5 like I even I didn't even I didn't even last like until like where we're actually explaining what we're mechanism was.

And I play guitar, you know. You know, it didn't catch my interest enough for me to just one and wanting to know more maybe because I'm not a target market because I already know how to solo. but did you see that that new campaign guitar mastering method did with the GPR? system No, so and it's like totally E5, right the lead is totally yeah. I I did you showed it to me.

Some of it and but like I didn't pack go until the button showed up, you know. Yeah, but you don't need it. Why would you watch that? You don't need it. Yeah, but like I don't remember even the last time I even watched a full marketing video.

yeah, but I get that man, but remember what an E5 campaign is it's education based marketing. How even though you you don't sit through. Marketing campaigns you will sit through an hour long training video won't you? Yeah, I mean yeah as I guess YouTube videos like I do watch long long YouTube videos. There you go.

If you're if they're teaching you something you want to know or need to know you'll stick around and watch it. Yeah. The only thing they don't have is a call to action at the end. We are still education. So don't you know don't know you're right.

You're right. You're I am. I'm jumping to conclusions there, but you're you're I will I will say that your competitors are not doing E5 campaigns the way you've been doing. I'll give you that. Although some of them some of them.

Do you just can't tell they say, you know, here's my free course and then the course itself is an E5 campaign. Yeah, well Jonathan Boyd like the courses itself is an E5 campaign, but you see like when he has like his sales video coming right after right and guitar mastering method. It's like a cheat sheet and then like they have he well the original guitar mastering method one is very straightforward to the offer is not even a unique mechanism in him, you know. If anything is unique mechanism is is his own way of doing things, but he doesn't break down and unique mechanism Jonathan Boyd. Explains his unique mechanism, but it doesn't break it down in steps.

either right and I mean like for Todd, for example, I obviously like I bought the book, right? About the book when I read the book. I read the full book all of it. And then I was like, okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna try to you know, I'm gonna get E5 Camp right after that. so like that that makes sense because like if I'm writing a book about microstatics, I will explain like the microstatics and yeah.

And you know, it makes total sense. It makes total sense to explain each each point. I'm just wondering it's hard because like when you what how do you know what's gonna work? You don't you really don't? like in we I can't know like I can't know if it's gonna be better to just like big very interest while we're still interested just be like, hey, you know grab more of this because this is already what you want like learning guitar.

We're out playing chords, you know, cuz chords suck. Okay, so let's go. Let's go with this short E5 this short E5 campaign and go to a soft offer like John suggested. Is that what you're is that your plan? That's what I'm thinking.

But okay, so let me let me go through this this your your campaign here like when I have time to really You know, make sure that everything. You need is in it? You know. I just you know what? I mean, I you read it.

And as I'm as you're reading it, I'm thinking these things but I'm trying to follow what you're reading. I just want to go through it myself. I don't have time until Friday morning. Is that because that okay. Yeah, that's cool.

And if you want me to just go through like the E5 worksheets again with all this like I can do it. Like I can go through all the E5 worksheets and just break down the unique mechanism in the way. I'm gonna teach it if you I can do that and figure out like the benefits for each Here's the thing the reason I do. I go through the unique mechanism. every campaign even if I've Is because I want to I want it to be very clear in my head.

How it's different from everything else. I look for stuff in there that tells me that indicates why it's different with your with this particular approach. I don't think you. I mean, it's pretty obvious why it's different. I mean you're you're telling people don't.

Don't play the guitar, like everybody else shows you with all the chords and stuff do it this way. Tune your guitar to a chord and just move one finger up and down the neck. right So anyway, let me get let me go through this on Friday morning. That's when I'll have time to do it. Is that okay?

Yeah. And then in the meantime, yes, in the meantime, I'll probably just you know, because I'm still like working on like I'm working on the course itself at this point because I need to have that course done. It's gonna be an hour right course in total. So I'm working on the course as I'm working on the course and just really refining this steps. the first I mean, the first one is, you know, just tuning so it's kind of like whatever boring oh, but then the next thing is I got you learn to play songs right away kind of thing, you know, and then I can just go through benefits for each one of the pieces.

You know, I'm gonna please the course together make sure you know, I have it all all together and then it's kind of like my products can that I'm gonna be able to take examine. But I mean, what do you guys think Paul and and Teddy like because it's about that or like I don't know. I don't want I know we've been here for an hour and 40 minutes. So like you guys are probably like, okay. I'm tired of talking about guitar here.

What do we think about the? the shorter E5 campaign to a soft offer Well, yeah. Yeah, so we can we all agree that the best course of action is to just try to do this new finger threading thing or should we just go back to microstatics and like like first of all, you guys like all do you all think that is a good idea or No, man, this is whatever. Whatever mechanism whatever steps are required. to get people to the end result.

That's your mechanism. Don't worry about what it's called. You're changing it. You know, whether you called it the fat finger method or stick keep calling it micro Aesthetics. It doesn't matter.

Don't worry about the name of it. But the end result we're trying to get people is like they can't play guitar and impress their fans. That's that's me. Yeah. Yeah and a very very short period of time.

Like one day yeah. Like one day or one week or whatever. So in I mean we can really we can all agree with this promise right primary promise play any song on guitar and impress your friends within one hour in just one hour or something like that. um with just one finger We're just one thing. I mean, yeah, we can try it.

I I would say I don't know how believable it is. Yeah, he demonstrate it. and I get that but I mean It's still in the headline. It's still in the lead. If they're like one hour another one of these guys, you know what I mean?

John and be your primary your your primary promise for pattern assimilation was you could play any of your favorite songs in the next 21 days. Maybe that was too long. And you know in you know, obviously with with chords you could have done that because I've seen it happen because they went through to you know, they went through the pain of just learning very chords and whatever and they're able to play songs. Yeah, if by the end of your short video they see and they believe that whether or not you say it. In the in the lead in the headline or whatever if by the time you finish that short campaign, they believe that oh, yeah.

Wow one hour. I see it. I get it. That's possible. You know, then it's then the primary promises, okay.

right, so and I think we can demonstrated if I mean like I can just like even talk about like that lady that just came in and started playing along to everybody else in just one hour because of you know, her long nails or I can say that story and then I can support it with like this so easy because you just use one finger and you move up and down, you know, you don't have to learn chords like, you know, right we'll definitely have to find the proof to all of that right for the marketing argument. So I think it's a good idea for me to go back through the through the worksheets anyway, right just because So we can really just plug all the holes. So I'll get all their worksheets done by Friday and send you something. Okay, but we can agree on this new promise and then obviously the mechanism to make that happen will we'll call it the flat finger fretting. For now, or if anybody has a better name you can.

And this one was the the best one the best name that wouldn't bring anything like up on on Google that that's fine. I'm fine with face right so fat finger fretting and the thesis is the best way to play any song you're trying to impress your fence in one hour is with five finger fitting. We can agree on that pieces. I would say the fastest way. Yeah.

And then you know benefits these are the main benefits that I found, but I'll probably uncover some more. You know, you don't have to worry about meeting strings. You know, that's the benefit of just avoiding pain, right? One one, you know one chord to rule them all you only have to learn one chord. It's easy.

Strumming is easy. I mean just strumming, you know, it's easy. The benefits are what you said before though. Right? Like you don't have to learn chords you you know, you can you can play any song you can learn this in a day or an hour or whatever.

Learn this and an hour. And do it by playing songs, right and Learn by things songs. That's also another one. That's right playing songs. You actually know versus it.

Your favorite songs or whatever. Um Are my playing songs? Yeah learn by playing songs from from any genre any decades like that maybe. from any John Any decades, yeah, so I mean these you know, this is rough. This is a rough draft obviously, but like those are the main benefits that I need to hit and and my offer I already started thinking about it and you know, and Teddy said like oh the singer thing like put that as a bump.

but um, you know six month old ten minutes each and I'm probably gonna emphasize the fact that it like each module is it just ten minutes to you know, because then it's like You know, you can do this in one day or you can do this spread over six days, whatever you feel like it, you know. How to set up your guitar so it's easy to play that would be a bonus where I just show them how to lower the action on an acoustic or electric guitar so they can actually, you know, it's easier to press down. Um the hundred like flat finger fretting songs ebook and then song backing tracks so you can practice so when you're practicing it just feels like just playing, you know, and bonus the best budget you try and accessories accessories for beginners. Right, and that would be like just you know, maybe trainings. I don't know if you know, this will be a eBook but this will be a training.

You know that I just make the backing tracks those will be the backing tracks included in the modules if that makes any sense. You know, let's say whatever I get it, you know, and I'm in the bump offer. Hey, if you want to sing like, you know, you don't want to sound like, you know, Alicia Keys, but you want to sing along to the song so people can like start singing along with you and then let them saying kind of thing is how you do it, you know. And $27 or free and for now and then pay pay 27 in in three days. And or Should we go with a soft offer or?

Or just a you know hard offer. Well, listen, man, if you're willing to do a soft offer and test it. I would try soft offer. You can always stop it. But I mean when you're talking about this is this has such a short turnaround in my mind I'm saying.

I'm saying that I mean I'm thinking that you're you're terms could be. Get in there and go through the the six lessons now. And you don't even have to pay until you actually know how to play the guitar at the end of next week. You know what? I mean something like that.

I don't know what it would. but I mean, it's this is a fast process. That would that would. Be a pretty compelling. You know soft offer now.

That makes sense. Yeah, if you can't play the guitar, I don't I don't even want your money. Yeah. you know you the plan or you know, I don't want your money. Kind of thing.

Yeah, and beside you're just testing it. Anyway, if people are refunding if you everybody who buys refunds then okay, you can You can forget about the soft offer. Right but I mean, I wouldn't I don't know. I'm thinking most people would would actually just you know, they get a good you know result and you know, if they don't get a result then it's it's fair that very refund, you know, so. there's just and I feel like that's that's just nicer like with my with who I am, you know.

Like I kind of like that. Um Okay cool. So then just do that and I'll go through. I mean really break down the unique mechanism, but what else am I missing from here? Because like really, you know campaign you need all these and the benefits and then the offer I guess the unique mechanism break down.

That's what I'm missing, right? could you could you do this with somebody and record it like over the course of the next week or so? Yeah, like if you could you find somebody who doesn't know how to play the guitar. Who can sing right? and then teach them this and like record all of the sessions and show like, you know, like It like what happens in a week like a week, you know what I'm saying?

Like that's yeah, actually that's the kind of proof if you have that as proof. And you have a soft offer which is look you don't you have to if you can't pay play the guitar by the end of next week. You don't have to pay. just send me an email and I'll cancel the The transaction or whatever. Yeah, you know what I mean?

Like between actually doing it. Right in that and it could be done in that short video. Right. I know, you know how to edit a video so that you get that proof in there. Yeah like and so you've got the proof and the benefits are are visual and they're they can hear people can hear the the benefits right?

They can see the guy like and you just have them sit in for one of your song like in your next set when you play out. Yeah, I just call it call them up and let him play the guitar while you sing. Even if he can't sing you sing. He plays a guitar, you know what I'm saying? And you got the proof you've got the soft offer.

and I think I think I then it's like you know that the headline or the lead could be watch me teach. somebody who's never played guitar to Um, you know be admired by everybody in the coffee house. in one week Well, you know. like you could day one day two day three day four day five gig so well, so even again like I don't know that everybody wants to play a live gig like I have no desire to play a live gig right? Like I just want to know how to play guitar, but I would say like just even Given that I would think the majority of the audience for this is men.

Like if he has that girl with long ass fingernails and she can do it like that is some pretty compelling like, you know, this girl with fingernails. There are three inches long can still play guitar. Like that's some pretty compelling proof that would emasculate some men be like s*** if she can do it and you know. Well, the only thing is that girl that I'm thinking of like any girl Dude any girl fingernails. It's not just saying though, but that girl I'm thinking of she already knows how to play.

Ukulele. So that's I guess that would be cheating. so and then like the other girl I'm thinking of she already knows how to play guitar, so Because I'm thinking about like other people that work with me, but I guess I could teach the violin player. how to play guitar or any of you I'm happy to be your guinea pig dude if you want or need somebody, but I mean, I I think So it could be both right you have a couple people but I think a girl with long fingernails would just like because we all know anybody's even tried to play guitars knows that fingernails and muting is a problem. So even if you can play with And this solves that because it's the first string it's her, right?

Okay. Yeah, so I'll definitely just poke around and see who I can or I can teach this or and just take a video and because there's this one girl. She still has the long fingernails from her wedding. So I could show her but then I don't I don't want it to be like, oh, well, she already knew how to play guitar before exactly. So that's not that's not cool.

so and we can come up with ideas on how we how we make it how we dramatize it but I think if you have if you show. If you prove if you show that as possible. Right then pick somebody old young, whatever. and the other part we talked about too is just like even at the beginning of the video. Him playing a song but kind of off camera or or just showing.

you know showing just the strumming part maybe but not what's going on on the fretboard and then be like, yeah, you know that's on I just played using this method like again, he knows how to play so it's not as convincing but You know. Okay. Yeah. Anyway, I'm gonna take all that and just and just do that because I'm probably will do like a background music where it's like, you know, I'll just go like, you know. I can't even hear it.

So yeah good zoom zoom does that but anyway, so I'll just probably have that come background music and then at the same time I'll be able to say hey this is you know, whoever and I taught her how to play with this method and sound good like just quickly. And then just do that with maybe a few people even. And then figured that out. because then if it only takes me an hour to teach them then I can do that like easily. from one one person to the other but I'm just gonna like, you know, make sure I figured this out like exactly how to do this like so it's like short and like to the point.

You know and then record maybe the full lesson of like with those people and take clips from the lesson. This is what she was doing at the beginning. This is why we did second. This is what we did third and we could have that probably added to the sales page right or okay, I think at this point, you know, we we got a good a good thing going. I don't want to take any more of you guys this time.

I really appreciate you you all just come out here together and just you know talking to me for two hours and and trying to figure this out. You guys are awesome. I appreciate you sticking around. Even for all this this, you know trial and welcome man. We'll get this.

We'll get this right? Yeah. So thank you guys any anything else you guys want to add or anything? Now I'll just let me I'll work on this to keep using the same document and I'll go in there Friday morning and I'll have my way with it. Okay.

Okay. Sounds good. well anything Good, man. Sorry if it was a long long day guys, so thank you. Thank you again, and I'm really I really appreciate you guys.

So thank you so much for spending the time. You know, I hope you have a good rest of your week. Okay. Yeah. Take it easy, man.

Take care. Yes. Thank you. Bye. Hey, Paul and Teddy.

Thanks for hanging out man. Yeah. No, that was good, man. Yeah anytime. All right.

I feel like he's on the coast man. He's so close. Yeah, I know. All right, you guys take care? Yeah, I have a going.
