---
title: "E5AA - Kennedy 2022-12-28 15:00:24"
date: 2022-12-28
duration: 2h 0m
duration_seconds: 7212
vimeo_id: 784815242
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# E5AA - Kennedy 2022-12-28 15:00:24

**Date:** 2022-12-28 | **Duration:** 2h 0m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey, what's up? My man? How are you? I'm good. Happy holidays, and all of that good stuff.

Happy holidays. You got a little bit of a different background going on there today. Are you in a different room or a different place? I'm gonna just a different room just in our living room because I'm refusing this to go and turn the whole Work system on until the third. So yeah.

Got it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, and you're in the office. I'm in the office man.

I was debating on doing it from my house because I was running a little late this morning. But I said no, let me get to the office because you know, I have other stuff that I need to get done after all call like my own stuff like vsl upsell stuff email stuff, you know Etc and this just puts me in the zone if I stay home. My wife will wind up dragging me to like a department store or something. And then the next thing I know it'll be five or six o'clock at night and I didn't get anything done. Yeah, I can I can appreciate that definitely.

Definitely. There you go. What's up Rob? How are you? Good, man.

How's things? I'm good, man. Very good can't complain. So you guys had a had a call with Todd talk to me about that. Yeah, yeah.

Well, first of all, we rightly were praising you and just saying how how brilliant you are at this and and stuff. So just want you to get the heads up like I think. I don't think people customers tell us enough. You know that people quit the complain, you know, and rather slow and to say, you know, what it is. You already f****** good at this and so we were like, I think told needed to know that and you need to know as well.

So I'm curious to you man. Thank you, man. I appreciate that. You welcome. You welcome.

So we thought of that for a bit and he was like, yeah. Yeah, whatever. He wasn't no. But yeah, so we talked about. I would actually win on yeah, which Mr.

Phil I mean basically we were talking about how we were struggling. We basically pause to ads on our bottomless email strategy thing because we just couldn't get it to work our our cpcs were like we were paying $5.62 a click, dude. Oh. Yeah, who was who was running your ads for you? Will you guys doing it yours or each with like mulry holding my hand like I mean basically mullery but like kind of got it.

Okay, really? I mean be honest. Yeah, it was just like and John and Thomas like that's crazy and I was like, I know who I just kill it. So we've got a new front end. which we mentioned to you, which is about this countdown hero thing and he he's really excited about a mullery's really excited about it in terms of running ads to it and between you and me Todd like wants to promote it and stuff which is great, you know, great, you know, obviously when somebody like that says I want to promote that You know you listened on your side.

Yeah, so that was cool. And then we would we got on to talking eventually we talked about a bits and pieces about the sort of plan for that and how we've launched our accelerator and you know what we're doing for revenue and all sorting yourself. Um the bit that really affected we're talking about here is we started talking about unique mechanisms because obviously I posted in the group just to get Not even get the answer. But you know, it's like you just need somebody like shake your head in a different direction and I was just like I want to even if it's more ideas that tell me exactly what it's not. That's useful, you know, which is when you step here like guys none of these unique mechanisms like this is interesting, but it's not unique mechanisms.

Anyway, so we start talking about that and we basically came up with two important things one and Rob and I came off the call and Rob nailed it. I had like almost the same thing but Rob like had the final piece of the puzzle. So basically what we have is we now correct if I'm wrong if I listen to start what we what I haven't spoken pretty much since that call like we've just been christmasing, you know, but We've basically come up with that we use. psych sequencing Now which I haven't really expressed this in a way basically psych sequencing is like the magic. scientific formula thing another but Todd talked about having two unique mechanisms you said because he said I don't want to confuse you but because there is a saturated Market that we're dealing with here in this audience.

You said, you know having a more than one unique mechanism as a possibility. Okay, and then the thing that Robin I came with together. and then Rob really nailed was that we if you put together this has been staring Us in the face. Actually what we teach it is you need sales campaigns content campaigns objection handling campaigns risk reversal campaigns and engagement which spells the word score sco-r-e. And with this has been staring Us in the face.

And as Todd says and as you said is you don't come up with a unique mechanism you freaking find it and it's it's within the product already and that has been staring Us in the face for two two or three years and we've never seen it yet. And and it was robbed. Just seeing it with fresh eyes that I think that just made that happen. So Those elements are not necessarily in order. Like if we it happens that when we teach when we get people to put an engine together and the email engine.

Todd said that the actual thing at the email engine that doesn't need to be a unique name. He said that's okay. That that's not a unique name. What is unique is the score thing and the the psych sequencing the fact that we use these different sequences to appeal in different psychological angles. Like he's a different people find great.

Um, so what's at what's interesting is in the email engine that we teach is we do teach the people to put a sales sequence and followed by a Content that sequence followed by in that score order, but what's interesting is within each campaign that should be those elements as well that needs to be sales that needs to be content that needs to be engaged all these different things. So it's it's really nice that this school thing. Although it's easy to remember the elements by saying the word score. They don't have to be in that order necessarily. Um, so that's kind of where we and that was a big Revelation on we have on a Friday night before Christmas.

We finished up with like the score method as being like our thing. Although we welcome to the words. I like the word method but run to the things and as basically that sort of sits and like ripples throughout everything we do. So that's I think the score method is our main unique mechanism one of the ways that that's delivered is through this psych sequencing thing that Todd came up with Got it. I did get man.

I like it makes sense to me. It's easily explainable. Um, so I dig it it makes sense. Um, so now the question is so first of all before we jump into big idea and Lead right did we finish up all of the Cpb chunks at the end of the last call I'll conversation was shall we finish these off or should we go back and do the do the big idea? And I said, why don't we finish these off together while we're in that train of thought and then we can go in a big idea.

Got it, okay. Cool, because you were Keen to do the CP be chance together. Yeah, so let's just pull that up. Which document is that going to be in because I try to look before what I got myself a bit confused. Is it in?

Marketing argument. Yeah. so when we got up to Alright Cat. Hello. chill out Okay.

And you see my screen. perfectly Okay. Let's see. Any reason why this is an italics? That you can recall.

No. Okay. Oh, I think these were these might have been those. Oh, there was a random thoughts. We had as we were going through this.

Yeah, they were benefits that we identified that weren't necessarily related to this particular claim. right right, so Membership site owners coaches experts regardless of who you serve and every email you demonstrate your expertise and make an offer. You sure. business Okay. supplies on so This working for course creators membership site owners coaches and experts regardless of who you serve because in every email you demonstrate your expertise and make an offer.

This is more about this right. It's more about being and it's more about solidifying your Authority positioning, right? Um, I think it may be do with the mmm. Let me just make sure I'm not that talk about this in. Have it using now.

Are we which unique mechanism at all about we're talking about? The score method, right? I think everything is based on that because that's like the primary thing. Not psych sequencing, right? well psychic psych sequencing by itself You could argue doesn't work like sequencing only basically psych sequencing is a word we've given to though to the idea of having campaigns that address the five things Okay.

I think our primary unique mechanism is the score method. Okay, cool. All right. so School method Works for call straight As blah blah whatever, you know, you demonstrate expertise and make an offer. the feature of that is that you make sales because they see you as an authority I guess.

Okay, so is that not the same is that just not a different way of saying this this positions you as to go to Authority in the field in their mind while simultaneously creating demand for your products and services. Yeah people rush to buy them. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Okay.

So, let's see if there's anything else here that correlates to that. The scored. Oh, there's a d and an e at the bottom of that. Yeah, is that is that the correct DNA and then there's other nodes are for you somewhere else. Yeah.

Yeah, that's what I was asking myself. hmm Maybe Yes, I'm having like a disconnect here. Um like the claim is that it works for course creators membership site owners coaches and experts, right? Um, but this people respond to your emails to tell you how much value they got from them, even though it was technically a sales email. That doesn't really correlate to the fact that it's for course creators membership site owners with this correlates to is the fact that you're able to is you're able to like pitch them without seeming like you're pitching them.

so that the cool the color issue we've got is this it's the actual system will work for any business on Earth. The people we feel most comfortable teaching it too. our membership site owners course creators coaches and experts because that's that's because they all have the least. Re-jigging to do to use it as it's taught. It's also the only thing we've really massively got experiencing.

So like whilst we've got people who are brick and mortar businesses using our stuff really well. If if they said to me right I'm retiring now. You'll have to do the marketing in my business. I'm not sure I would like I'd have to do quite a bit work to figure it out. Like I'm really comfortable teaching this to membership site owners.

Of course Chris anything that's involving expertise and information somewhere. I feel really comfortable we can that we could do it for them if we had to but the honest truth is it does work for everybody. There's nothing in it. That would make it not work for bringing more business or so. We have all say it again.

We have this discussion on the last call because we talked about how hard has niched to the what not the who similar to us. So like he is Niche to to you. So yeah, so does the claim have to be this works for those businesses or can it be? Yes, which I think is the direction. I had it originally was yes, if you're if your customers have email addresses this will work for you.

That's the actual truth. No, I don't agree. I think everybody else has too much work to do to own only from the offer not from the Munich mechanism. Our campaigns that we deliver in the product happen to best suit, but if you're a gym, you've got you ultimately have to send emails that bring members back into your membership if they leave and all the other things that we that we put in unique mechanism. Actually you're right.

But if it's not make the claim too broad, though. The claim no this work. None of this works for businesses use customers having addresses, but it just sounds facetious and why? But it's but it is the answer your code. So the original the original proof that I had it that I put in there was your customers have email addresses and they consume content by email.

The only thing that would make this not work is if you couldn't deliver an email into somebody's email address they respond to the same psychological triggers as everybody else then move it by the same sets of things as everybody else. Fundamentally in the same way that saying Facebook works for every type of business on Earth as long as your audience have Facebook. Well, let me ask you this. Right so let's say let's say my business is on I sell water bottles. I have email addresses.

I have customers right? So is there something in your unique mechanism that shows me how to come up with content to talk about this freaking thing? Every single day in a different way or is it just you? Um like yeah, that's my question. Is there something that shows me how to come up with that content?

Yes in the school method yet. Okay. so then okay. So then the answer is that it works for any business? Yeah.

The problem is to go back to Kennedy's point about is that too broad maybe but if it is we've got nothing we can say there's nothing about the methodology that absolutely doesn't work for any type of business particularly. No. Not in the unique mechanism what happened in? In the product it takes more work. Yeah.

And if I strictly talk about unique mechanism here then this is the case. What is it in the? demonstrate in every email you What is it in the unique mechanism that that prompts them to? um come up with this content. Like what part of it is in?

Yeah, so I guess it's the fact that So the soft part of the content pillar of score is like using stories and stuff. So they're going to reposition it so that rather than talk. So the way that we talk about it. Is that rather than talking about. So the CSL What walls rather than talking about water bottles in your emails.

You'll fulfill what we consider to be the emotional needs of the audience. So why do people buy water bottles from you? Well, assuming that the water balls I've got in mind they're typically so that people can can stay that people are conscious about how much water they consume and therefore bottles allow them to measure that stuff. They're probably Fitness conscious me and Kennedy aren't and therefore we don't have water bottle. So like they're probably Fitness conscious so you would probably like map out five things that that person is conscious of interested in emotionally charged by and you sell content about that.

So the example I often give is if somebody sells shirts on the internet Kennedy and I would buy shirts and the same company, but we don't just want them to email us and tell us about shirts. We want them because like we know what shirts they sell we want them to email us and tell us about the best ways to look fashionable feel confident and other stuff that sits around that so like the Cells are are driven around those things and that's what's baked into the score method. I guess Kennedy right wrong in different. Yeah, I think. I can definitely get on board with that for our product email marketing bottomless email.

Sorry. Do you feel like that's true about everything that's inside of the league in terms of what's used as the score method as we call it now. Thank you. Theoretical. The Overture is there's no there's no content the overture in our actual campaign.

Yeah, but I think it'd be better if it did. They are stories about like, you know, Laura Laura Laura hates us because she didn't want to send emails and now she sends emails every day. Like ultimately there's only the first email here and there that doesn't have a story in it. Okay. I want to just sense check that so the stories we teach them up.

So would you say that? The reason it works for any business regardless of what you sell is because and I'm just paraphrasing here, but people don't buy products and services. Because their products and services they buy them for deep emotional reasons and the score method shows you how to speak to those emotional reasons. Why is that like kind of weirdness close? I actually would say people I mean if we were pitting this against anyone else's unique mechanism when it comes to email marketing most email marketing does come down to get people on your list send them emails and try and balance the the frequency of emails with how many people unsubscribe and Sort of hope for the best.

Our methodology comes down to sending emails that are we have to be careful. We might have already covered this our methodology this the whole method of the score thing comes down to sending emails that people like receiving and they like receiving them because the emails themselves take care of the emotional needs. Not you don't have to buy anything to be on our list and enjoy it like to the point that that there's a there's a fit. There's a story about a woman. It's true who has a full-time job wasn't in a position to buy anything from us went to work one day whilst at work got told she was made redundant.

She's only mildly interested in what we do. She got made redundant came home read one of our sales emails and replied saying this email made my day like the emails themselves even even people don't buy anything the emails themselves give people a lift is of idea of it which sounds ludicrous when I tell that story but it's true and there's a reason for this Paul as well. And that is if you just send an email every every day and say and it's just another reason to buy your thing or another feature of your thing that you highlighting and tell them the benefits of I when I see you read your name dropping my email inbox. I don't need to open your email because I'm thinking oh. I know he's talking about he's talking about his.

His water balls, whereas if I've got a reason to open that email which is what the hell's pool will be talking about today or what else wrongly to be talking about today or whatever. I need to that's better because you now get your sales message in front of more people. Otherwise, the only people who are opening your emails the people who are almost already gonna buy This is all good. I feel like it's not moving as close to why it works for any business. That that's the thing.

So what what I'm imagining in the context of this question is I'm imagining myself as a person that sells water bottles or calculators or keys and I come across this and I'm like, how am I gonna how do I how do I apply this to that like, it's not so much about it's not so much about how like how it works to to like like this this Gap question that somebody would have I don't think it's so much about. how to come up with different ways to To talk about something. Um, it's just like why? Like I I don't think we've answered that question. Yeah, so when somebody asked the question will it work for my business?

What they want to know is is just this methodology work because I sell water balls and everyone feel that their businesses different. So it's if they thinking well, it's a physical product. It's a it's a low-cost product and somebody asks us in the same question. Well if it might work for my business because I saw the digital course and it's high price. Well it work for my business.

So that's that's a questions coming from. So is it to do with the fact that? Yeah, I mean, so that's one of that that's that's one of the ways people word it, isn't it? I sell water bottles. I can't like how many times can I email people about my water bottles before?

They're just gonna unsubscribe especially when they've just bought a what about now? What do I do? Like I cut like thinking about how many times can I email them? Like I'm thinking about it broaden that I'm thinking about just from the outside. You've got this thing called the score method.

I've sell water bottles. They are cheap. My margin on them is really low. Will it work? That's what they're asking.

But that comes downside business economics and all sorts of other stuff that Well, I mean in terms of like that there are obviously just an email marketing because we're gonna assume we have the Right audience on the page. Yeah, but if we consider it that they are pitting this against everything else. They've ever learned about email marketing so they can't They can't basically we need them to look at our page and no this is different from what the guy because I bought Andrea chatron's course and that hasn't helped me to sell a single water bottle. It was a total waste of money. It didn't work.

They have to read this and go this is different because this is gonna be different from the thing that the guy told me last time. So I think the thing that makes it different from the others, I think. Oh, yeah on the surface is the fact that they can consistently is the fact that the score method is going to give you emails you can send you gonna be able to create emails so you can send that people will want to receive which none of your courses are giving you. Yeah. so I mean just to play devil's advocate here for a second so but Doesn't Andre chaperone say the same thing doesn't he say oh people want to open your emails because I show you how to use open open loops and Cliffhangers.

And basically I turn your email system into like lost or The Sopranos where like every single email the person is hanging hanging on the edge of their seats waiting for the next email you. Saying in a different way. Yeah, it's just not true. Yeah, but you know, you're right. You probably doesn't make the same claim.

The problem is we've got all this all this purely anecdotal stuff about we are we are the hours is the membership where people suddenly realize oh my God, it's true this time. Yeah, that's useless. This one's hard. Yeah. So why does it work?

Why does it work for any business? okay, let's go really high level for a second like really zoom out it works because your subscribers have email addresses you're gonna send content that they actually want to receive that resonates with the on a deep emotion level and I know this is still all what everyone else says but is it because it uses five elements? Think about relying on the fact that we've got this thing called score now. Is it the five which somebody else couldn't claim for example, because it's not it's gonna rely on the five elements. that cause people to care or not care but like something like that and and I mean and by I don't think anybody else could make that claim simply because it relies on the fact that we've got this Five Element thing.

That's true. That's all you need mechanisms. So you can basically say this thing has these things that other things don't. so I'm just leaning into that thinking it uses the five psychological motivators combined with psych. You know, maybe we can't use another um in the middle of it.

Whatever. uses five psychological motivators which cause to which cause people to um Not just opening emails, but I want to go find that I think. Seek out your emails and buy from them. But again that latter part that last piece is just the same. Bland Macland But the risk of making sure we don't get to like 5pm and having not achieved this one or any of the others things were so stuck on this so we back to move on and see if we can finish the rest of them and then even come back to this one.

Just I don't want to like us to get to the end of this and go and next week. We'll finish these are Yeah, I think just just something to think about with this. I think it goes back to the reason why it works for any business regardless of what you sell is because it's not based on what you sell. It's based on the emotional and psychological reasons why people buy what you have to sell. Oh really good, but that I See, he's really good this poor guy.

He would start without under his hat for ages only. Oh, you just a little bit just a little bit and it just look I'm actually took the whole thing off. We were just flat. He was just enjoying watching us sit and drowning there. That's what it was.

He was like watch them the learner swim. Why baby bird fly? That was my next idea. To be honest. I'm sure it was yours as well.

time zone thing Okay. Will I have to get salesy in my emails? to me to do the DNA of the previous one now how to break through of the proof Okay, so you start with your psychological research why people buy what you sell so I think he is fine. Yep. Yeah, yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. feature is fd&amp;e are accurate. I don't know whether they're good. So I think the feature of this goes back to now like that multiplication factor that when you're when you're speaking to the emotional and psychological reasons why people buy something you have infinitely more opportunities to talk to them than if you're just talking about the product right?

So if I'm only talking about the water bottle, that's all I can talk about. But if I'm talking about the reasons why people buy the water bottle now I can talk about like there are Tons of reasons why people buy water bottles, right? I can talk about that gives me so many more opportunities to have conversations with them than just talking about the thing itself. Right that makes nothing is all of those things that you could talk about which are not the water bottle actually resonate with them deeper. Because people buy emotionally you talk about the emotional stuff around the water bottle not the fact that it's you know eight inches tall and it's silver and it's whatever whatever nobody gives a shame.

Yeah. cool Yeah, I don't just delete the paragraph after it just so we don't get confused and resembling it. That's okay. That's not true. People respond to your emails.

Tell how much? Yeah, I think these correct. Yeah. Cool, this is good. Yeah.

Yeah, I like it. Like the fact a bit of our language in there as well like it's a bit more Brash and more like d******* days. And like I think we'll probably when we put assemble this will probably do a bit more of that to it use a bit more profanity. So this is good because this is actually part of your proof your claim. Just has to be you don't.

Need to get salesy. Okay in your emails. Right. So like remember the way this is gonna flow right on this is actually so fresh in my mind because I was actually doing this for the last two days for my own stuff right is like and you know, what else is great. You don't need to be a technical wizard because the score method relies on psychology rather than technology and blah blah blah and you know, what else the score method works for any business because it's not based on what you sell blah, blah blah and like I said before you don't have to get salesy in your emails, right?

So that's how we're like layering these claims. So this is really part of the proof. Okay. that in here using no gimmicks or tricks. That's it.

I'm out. Yeah, there's no gimmicks or tricks in this if there's no f****** or trickery involved. I can't be I can't I can't get on board. Call yourself a marketer. as the manipulation dammit alright You don't need to get that's I'll be a really good testimonial wouldn't it from Paul?

There's a serious lack of manipulation here disappointed one stop. that's or rapid users that is actually a question. We've had at least twice so there's not loads, but I was just thinking this I don't if this is an extra chunk, but one of the things we've been asked is all hypnotist in a mind read. It's like a logical approach to email marketing this sounds manipulative and twisty like what they want about the salesy bit worried about the are we gonna have to hypnotize our customers into buying things. They don't need type jazz.

You know what? I'll tell you what, I tell you. What's interesting when I first got into when I first decided to become an offer owner. From a copywriter right? I had to really think about like what the hell was I gonna like?

What was I gonna actually sell people right? What was I going to talk to them about? So I decided to to go in the communication route, right and I started with persuasion and the first product that I ever created was this product called the code of influence, right? And it was based on like how everyone else out there was talking about like instant persuasion like how you can like covertly persuade people using this this hypnotic language Etc. Mine was all about like creating long-term relationships with people based on their personality type their decision-making process Etc.

And so what I quickly learned, in that space And it's kind of actually part of the reason why I'm moving away from it. Is that Unfortunately, the majority of people in that space. They're not attracted to that whole long-term relationship stuff. They love the covert influence stuff. They love that stuff.

Have you guys ever heard of this guy eat or Igor? Let a child ski I don't know. Yes. Yeah guys, so he's happy. He's got all these conversation on the coast.

I'm still friends. Yeah. Um, he's been around forever and like I looked at like a lot of what he was doing and like, you know, just the you know, the the hook and the angle is played out now, but like when he first introduced it like this whole angle of hijacking Milton Erickson's way of hypnotizing people and using it in everyday conversations, like people were like people could not people will like crawling over broken glass to get their hands on that. Like there's just some Fascination that they have with this ability to like cast the spell on somebody and get them to do what you want without them knowing yeah. Yeah, I have a feeling he ended up promoting some of our hypnosis stuff that I had back in the day.

I think so. Yeah, and you know, what's interesting. Is that the book influence by Robert shieldini, which is like the gold standard that everybody, you know refers to right. You know, that book was actually written from up from a defensive position. It's not that book was not written to show you how to influence people.

It was written to show you how to protect yourself from those weapons of influence so that you don't fall for all the tricks. It's amazing. Yeah, that was a guy was he called somebody Jones? He had a bunch of books which were all about defending like you need to know these things. So you can defend yourself against them what he's these things.

You don't even know that I'm being used on you. Like them. Yeah. I can't remember his name. Anyway, yeah.

All right. So score method uses sales emails not sleaze emails. It's about generating sales through being yourself showing up as you genuinely do a solve their problems without using gimmicky and okay. we can probably end afterward tricks to be honest that the rest of us just extra proof on the proof like it's more specifically around what we mean about that. Yeah.

Yeah, this it wouldn't hurt to leave it in there. Okay. All right. I'm not sure. Yes.

That's then. not Oh. the use of force or into your scarcity There's a there's a contradiction that we have to be careful not to use and we often do. which is If you have not fall into it, which is in our view almost every email you ever send almost every email it probably 95% of them should make an offer. They should sell something.

That's part of the methodology. However, and that's really really important. However, it's done in a way that is is The email is valuable, even if that person doesn't want to buy the thing and therefore. It's never it never comes across the salesy. So when I did the F, that was the sort of approach I was coming at it from which is And you're going to be able to make a sale from every email you ever send.

But because it's wrapped in so much value. Got it, okay. I get the sentiment. Yeah. Okay, that's good.

Are you happy with all of eight? Yeah. Yeah, it's fine. Yeah, cool. What if everyone subscribes?

So what is the claim that you're making here? Are you saying you don't have to worry about? Everyone unsubscribing. Are you saying it doesn't matter if everyone unsubscribes are you saying? You don't have to worry about everyone unsubscribing are you saying?

Everyone's not gonna unsubscribe like what? What are you saying before this right we're saying. maybe this is the same thing as that's let me just say in case it's not you basically saying the wrong people will unsubscribe and that's okay. But the right people here we're going to be great customers will stick and they will become a deeper relationship with him. Okay, so what's the claim is the claim?

You don't have to worry about losing your entire list because everyone unsubscribes is that the claim in reality. Nobody ever asks, what if everyone unsubscribes? Yeah, they ask. Don't people just unsubscribe. So I don't think we have to I don't think we need to specify that everyone like I don't think we have to like nobody's panicking the 100% about this to go unsubscriber don't think.

I think that worried about getting higher than normal and subscribers. Like am I gonna get higher unsubscribers than it then what I'm currently doing and the answer is yes, but it's a good thing. so the claim would be The claim I think probably currently has some of the FD in fde stuff in it. So the claim is yes. Well the technology yes, the claim can be.

None of the claim should be yes. Yes, you are going to get higher and subscribers know that we have to make it as a claim. We caught it can't be the answer of the question about okay. so it's kind of you will see. a higher number of unsubscribes But that's okay.

Doesn't sound like it's okay. That's it. now I'm not going to get higher unsubscribers that I'm currently getting. um Let me come back to the actual claim. Let's see what you're saying here.

I don't remember writing that FDA. I think you must have done that one. Maybe yeah, I think I did. So that was me having a good is this here's the thing right? Is this claim about saving money on your Email platform or is it about having a cleaner email list?

Like which is what do you really saying here? I think mostly most people who currently by our stuff. They say email marketing as a cost. Yeah, but let's let's go back to the the Gap question which is about the vanity of oh my God people who I've earned onto my list. They're now saying they hate me.

Because they've hit unsubscribe and that's personally offending me. That's what they're concerned about. Okay. That's what our question comes from the Gap question. I don't know if they're worried.

I don't know if they're I think it's probably 50/50 between I'm offended that people have unsubscribed versus I had to pay money to acquire that subscriber. And now that's five dollars down the toilet. Yeah. Yeah, it's those. Yeah those two things combined.

Yeah. Can you answer one claim with two? Can you answer can you answer one Gap question with two claims and two bits of roof because they are slightly different they do. They do. They do put a slightly different.

problems, I mean Yeah, I guess the way that I would um the way that I would answer. This is I would Yeah, I would make those two claims. So I would say something like the score method will enable you to. It's really just a play on framing it right? It's like the score method will.

Instantly help you clean up your list. And in the process save you money. Right by I helping you trim off subscribers who never would have bought or something like that like that so that we're changing the frame of the way. They see unsubscribes, right? Okay.

Do you think it's a problem that we don't directly address the unsubscribe thing? yeah, I mean my question to you is right is like because there there's there's different levels of marketers and I feel like newbie marketers worry about this s*** but seasoned marketers they care more about the list Health than they do about the list size. So they understand that a lesser more responsive list is always better than a bigger unresponsive list. Where do your people fit into that equation the current people I would say we have a mix we do have a mix. We have some people who Fit into the oh, I need a bigger list.

My list is small. And we have some people who understand it's about the quality of the list. Not the size of it. I think the question is. The people will be attracting.

Using the new front ends and stuff. Who will there be? So yeah, I think that's by your answer actually Paul. I think your answer you have before for the claim, which is about cleaning your list and And not paying for disengaged subscribers who never buy anyway, I think if you place it like that, it's like rather than saving money. It's like you don't end up paying for all these freeloaders and don't probably not use that term but and then I think that will be okay.

I'm trying to think Rob if we Obviously, we don't plan on running traffic paid ads to this. This is definitely a backhand. but let's say count down Hero on the front. Who's that going to attract? I need to speak to them don't we in this?

Yeah, I mean, it's interesting. It's one of those things where we still probably haven't really strictly said who we're going for in terms of like their like the avatari type stuff. So like if you look at almost everybody who's joined the accelerator, they fall into the category of doing $50,000 a year or more like the or you know, a lot of them quite a lot more than that. They all fall into the category of people that we think we initially said are in like this new campus people. They're all still terrified of all those things.

That's true. Yeah, they are. You're right. Yeah, look at katiej doing a few hundred grand probably. Yeah, still worried about everyone unsubscribing.

Yeah, you're right. But again, it does it comes down and not stage of business but like background that's what it comes down. It's due with maturity as a marketer, isn't it? Like she she's got a nice business, but she's not a super mature Market. I don't think I think it's a direct response thing.

I think you have to have a I think you have to be. Yeah, I think you'd have to have quite a seasoned internet marketing background to be really comfortable with all those things. Yeah. You're right. Yeah.

Yeah. Because remember we've got the group. I don't know what it's like around the world. But like in the UK, there's a bunch of people who would consider themselves to be marketeers and they've gone to universe and they've got a marketing degree and they still be terrified of all those things. Yeah their marketers.

They probably think that brand is more important than sales. Yeah. So do you want to just stick with let the score method enables you to? Clean your list. Yeah, I think so.

Well. You use the score method? When I see because we haven't mentioned anywhere actually remember that so far. We haven't mentioned how you gonna email every single day. So will we have even raised the objection of will I get a lot of sweet London subscribing?

Yeah, I don't know. Rob well, I don't know whether it's a I don't know whether that's linked to emailing every day or whether it's just linked to. I'm gonna have to send emails at the minute. I'm not sending so yeah, maybe that depends maybe maybe they're not gonna ask the question if they're currently sending emails. Is the question that they would be asking am I going to get on a higher unsubscribe rates or is the question that they're asking am I gonna burn my list out?

That's interesting. I think the question in there words will be down to unsubscribe it the actual answer comes down to to burn in that list out. So maybe the clay we make is you won't burn your list down because the score method relies on unique interesting angles, which your list find fascinating rather than annoying. Save it unique. What?

On unique. I don't know what I said angles. But your list find fascinating rather than annoying. Okay, so it's you won't understand. Worry about and your list out.

That's the claim. Okay. That's the proof. Okay. Yeah, I guess it's about like yeah, I'm just yeah, I think we can get rid of the whole rest of that.

So after the word annoying, I think the rest of it is sort of speaking of something else wrong. So this stuff you said you want to get rid of I think so. Yes, it speaks to something else. Whereas the proof of the thing above is what you've written there. So I don't have to worry.

You don't have to worry about Buddy a list out because the score method will lies on unique angles that your list finds fascinating rather than annoying. Boom. That's it. Okay, and you feel like the functional benefit of this? is that It keeps cost down.

No, I think the FDA is now incorrect. Right, okay. I think So the functional benefit is on your list gets cleaned. Is that right? Your list gets clean.

So that leads to higher open rates and click through rates and better engagement, which is better engagement from the people better engagement from the people like from your engage people fit with saying I guess but like said functional benefit is they and I'm not really good at like a saying around typing. I want to go into this. A functional benefit is better engagement, right? Yeah. I think so.

So like something like this. So the dimensionalized version of that is you send an email. And flip in everybody in his mates are all freaking open your emails. Click on the links and binder share. I was channeling my inner mat there I realized.

Yeah. Is it it's engagement? Is it engagement in delivery or as do you think delivery is a different? It's tied to a different claim. No, I think I think we haven't tied delivery anywhere else.

So Deliverability, I'm sorry, that's the word. I meant to say. Yeah. Yeah. um Something like that.

And then if we go it dimensionalized so what that looks like in terms like a real world story it I don't know how to put the whole thing about deliverability in there as well. So when you send an email. Just to be just to be Mr. Boring for a second. We are obviously dodging the answer.

So as long as that's okay. That's okay. Like the answer is yes, you absolutely will get higher And subscribe rates. In fact, when you first switch to our model, you're gonna get more and subscribers than you've ever dreamed of and then after that I'll even out and there's lots of good things to it. So we are dodging the question rather answering it.

But yeah. so so that the reason why I'm choosing to do that is because um, like the the rule of the rule of the Gap questions is does the answer to the Gap question does the claim support the thesis right? And if it does we leave it in there if it doesn't we take it out, right? So but there are rare occasions where um like the like like they're a rare occasions where you have a situation like this where the claim if you outright make the claim. It will.

It can deter the prospect but that's because the prospect in some cases isn't really aware that what they're worried about shouldn't be a concern so like for example, right so let's say and I'm just using this like as a hypothetical example, right? Let's say I'm let's say my product is like a some variation of the ketogenic diet, right and like the ketogenic diet does not like you it's you don't need carbs on that diet. Right and let's say that like my Prospect like a gap question for them is like do I have to cut out eating carbs all together, right and like the answer to that question is? Yes, right like you absolutely like you can't eat any carbs, right? But like Drilling Down Deeper, like what's the real concern there?

Like what? Why is it that people don't want to eat carbs? Well in the majority of cases, it's two reasons. Number one. They think that carbs keep them full.

So they're worried about the fact that they're going to be hungry all day. And the second thing that they're worried about is lack of energy. So those are like to chew things that they I mean over then like, you know, the the, you know, just like the sensation. I'm a satisfaction that you get from like eating a slice of pizza or a piece of bread whatever but like just from like a health perspective. Those are the two reasons why people don't want to give up carbs.

They think they're either gonna be healthy all the time or they're not gonna have energy all the time. So instead of making the carb claim we shift to addressing those questions which are really the real thing that they're worried about so I would not make the clean you don't You know, I wouldn't make the claim that first of all I would I wouldn't make the claim that you that you don't have to stop eating carbs because that's a lie, and I wouldn't make the claim that you do have to stop eating carbs. What I would say is you don't have to worry about not being hungry. You don't have to worry about being hungry all day long because even though and then I allude to it right even though you won't be consuming carbohydrates. You'll be consuming fiber and fat which actually scientifically keeps you more satiated than carbs carbohydrates.

Once you eat them, you know, your glycemic index goes up and you get hungry an hour later. So I flip there thinking about that problem and that's kind of the way I see this. It's like they're worried about the wrong thing. They're worried about unsubscribed rates. But yeah, that makes sense.

That was the answer. I was sort of good for that's fine. Great. Yeah. Okay, cool.

so, um Let's open the document again here. This is highly engage boost your email deliverability. The dimensionalized thing of that is one second. That's the door. Got it.

A hot one time I'll just write. something very well you Get three free. He's expandable up here. but a team what she all right. You guys just sit in silence.

Yep, that was nice of you. But you started talking. I was gonna I was gonna ask Rob how your your coaching launch was gone, but then I was afraid he would start telling me and then you would jump back in and you know interrupt the entire conversation, but so hopefully that anyway, it's sold out. Yeah. Nice when you saw that delivering on that January, it's it's sold out and annoyingly.

We could have sold twice as much. I've got like a waiting list. People are still asking me questions about it. Now we could also if we hadn't said 10 if we said 20 we could have sold 20. And we still and we still only told about just under 10% of our entire audience about it.

Is it do you think it's worth it to you to open up a different time slot or no? So right I I would do it because I think as long as we say this intake is only 10 people and that intake is limited to 10 people. I think that's fair like that. The only problem the only reason for that promise is it means you're in a group of 10 people. And therefore you've got the attention of us only diluted between you and nine other people I would for the sake of because it's only two hours a week for another 10 people.

Now, I would do it again. Kennedy's concerned. We might not enjoy delivering it and therefore would have to deliver it twice. Basically. It's two hours a week delivery at the minute.

It would be four hours a week delivery if we did it another intake. If it was just me, I would sell another 10. watches it again, Seven Grand So this Intex for 4,850? the next intention of six and a half God oh yeah. So actually if we open the doors on this one, it would have to be at six and a half because we said that there were only 10 places available at the old price.

Yeah, so 65k you're passing up on 65k Kennedy for two hours worth of work. How slow does this guy? It's it's 20 hours of work Yeah, but two hours a week for ten weeks. All right. Okay, that's actually because on the basis.

It's 32 and a half Grand each. I would absolutely be taking it. Absolutely, it wouldn't have to twist my arm. And Kennedy's catch phrases is and NBC never be closing. Turn the money Channel father.

That's funny. Well, I'm happy to hear that. That's awesome man. Very cool. We yeah, we've sort of scheduled the next the next lot for September and there's a couple of bits.

We we have definitely lost customers who who are not willing to wait until September. They're like, I've just got it. I've got to get this done in q1 of next year. I was hoping to do it with your help, but it's one of those problems and it's a genuine thing. Right?

We have this genuine thing about memberships that open and close. We hate the open and close model of memberships. If you can run the model year round like a membership like I was you can we think you should because customers need your help when they need your help the downside of this is because it is a cohorted intake and therefore we have to open and close the doors at certain times in order to run it which I'm genuinely facing the emotional turmoil of a woman crying in a voice message to me because she can't give us six and a half grant to get into this thing and she's on the brink of closing her business without this help that those are her exact words. I think I'm just going to close the business. Like and she desperately needs the help but because it's because it can't be an evergreen program.

It doesn't work that way. It's like it's weird. And I guess that that's our argument against membership sites. Obviously, we can't anything about it that's against that's our thing against the open and close model for memberships, but I'm like I'm seeing in reality. With this, it's very strange.

Like people are desperate for help. Wow. But it's the program's proved itself, which is what we wanted. Yeah, the promotion has right while some people will unsubscribe. Never mind crying customers.

Let's move on to I'll be awesome. I'm just thinking about the healthy you said about while you'll not be eating carbohydrates? So that's quite interesting way of just Dropping that in as a little seed really. So this is dimensionalized. This is the wrong place to do that.

They're not exactly the right phrase here, but I'm something like this. thoughts to marketing No. People are so sure. here I think the sentiment is correct. I don't know whether it's childlike language enough for people to understand and know what we're saying.

Like I think if we said that on a court if we read that word for word on a call people be like what and we'd have to explain it. So I think the sentiment is correct when it comes to writing it out we might need to simplify a bit. Yeah. slightly better Uh-huh. yeah, some of that might be emotional because it's to do with a certainty like, you know, that this is gonna happen that I don't know if that's maybe but emotional I think it's like, you know you feel I don't know what the exact word is, but like Like you feel good knowing that you have a healthy.

You have a healthy email list that's alive and well, right. Yeah. Is it good as in? is that certainty confidence is a it's a that's gonna be applied for now that we can look at the wood good later. Yeah, all right.

Right. How quick are we happy with this FDA now then? for now Okay, should I get rid of this? Well, I think that's tied to so like that's tied to a different claim which is that you're not wasting money on. You're not wasting money emailing people that never would have bought from you.

Anyway, that's a different claim. Okay, let's do that because we got a really good testimonial that we've used a few places, which is somebody joined membership the league and said before I joined the membership. I was wasting my convertkit subscription. pretty pretty powerful so we could just do we have another claim in here. That's no, so we could just play and we'll take this.

Well copy it. Bring allow us to do that. I mean I let me just done that. Oh you did it? Okay.

Yeah. So let's get rid of this. Okay. So that wasn't even nine. Oh my going to Go ahead.

You want to edit it? Yeah, so it's gonna be Well, I don't know what the Gap question is. Really. but a claim is yeah, I mean the Gap question could actually in that context that could actually be the opposite could be like somebody like thinking is this gonna cost me more money is this gonna is do I need a better subscription to do this? Right or Dwight?

Yeah, do I need a better platform or a more expensive version like that could be that could have been the Gap question to upgrade. My email marketing platform. That is actually a question. We have had. Before we had a thing in here that was to do we not have a claim that was to do with.

Will it work in my platform? Yeah, and we got rid of some reason. I don't know if we did make it. I don't remember it. What's the proof of this then the fact that you will no longer be wasting even marketing subscription each month.

The proof of that is. this is keeps your list click error relies on or as list hygiene built into it and is focused on making more dollars in sales per subscriber something like the sentence is quite finished, but I thought basically about this will keep the the whole list hygiene bit will get people off your list if they're not. so the little list hygiene to remove built in list hygiene to remove inactive people 2 on engaging on learning to buy from you. and it's not focus. I just literally does and is designed.

to produce maximum sales from every subscriber Something like that. Yeah. That feeds into this. Keeps your cut your email. platform Some scripture script TN cost down and maximizes.

Profit in your pocket every time you see you're gonna go out, you know to extremely properly investment. You compare it to your hostels? and you and see clearly see. That it's an extremely problem. That's much more dimensionalized than it was I think.

a good Audrey email platform subscription each month I think I kind of works. Yeah. All right. There we go. Right how quick will I see results send your first email on day one and start seeing results sales that day.

our claims good. Yeah, I think that's pretty good. Cool. Yeah. And then the proof is that we talked about ages when I just hijacked it from our conversation, which was you can write and send emails in real time.

You don't need to set up a whole system before setting it live. So you can write an email send it and makes sales from day one. And then Jamie who has a low cost stitching membership Center 16 miles in the first week. I made 12 Grand is first week, that's more social proof. So I don't belongs their particularly.

You could put a dare as long as he's not talking about your as long as he's not talking about the the product of a service just talking about the mechanism. It's fine. Yeah, I mean it's both isn't it? It's both in this case. Yeah, because obviously when people use the product they use in the mechanism, so that's fine.

Benefits functional you can move fast. Test and iterate faster than any other marketing channel unless cost. Sounds like I'm gonna claim to me. Is it no, maybe it's not. I mean, I guess it is a claim as well.

Yeah. Yeah, I think it's fine. um your marketing quickly Yeah. so I don't think the first one is as much of a concern as the other two the other two seem like more claimy to me um So like you come to fast test and iterate faster than any other marketing channel with less cost. That's definitely a functional benefit.

Yeah, what if you claim to but what if the day of that then was You can quickly do more of what works and less of what doesn't. Like what are you talking about? specifically Sending emails broadcasts. Testing landing pages like what do you mean? Yeah, okay.

What's the dimensionalized version of? The benefit of you can write into emails and real time. You don't need to set up a whole system. What's the dimensionalization of that? So you can write an email send it makes How long is this not a dimensionalized?

Yeah, yes. It is. So the emotional benefit of that. is they all have to be positive like can they be like? What I mean by that is could I write could we have you don't have to worry about whether they need you can.

Yes, okay, you can talk about what they don't feel anymore. No more frustration. right arm just real quick to add to that one above it that dimensionalized benefit like I would I would try to get like a little clearer on that like, you know, maybe like you see your stripe account of you know balance go up or you see your purchase receipts coming in, you know, you immediately see purchase receipts coming in like what does that look like for them? Right like for me personally, that's like that's that's like my that's that's that's what resonates with me. Right like when I'm when I'm on when I'm out and about doing something or whether I'm you know, doing something with you guys, or I'm at the gym or I'm doing personal stuff and you see those when you see those purchased receipts coming in like one after another it's just it's such a good feeling because you know, you you feel safe and secure, right?

You know that things are working in the background to make sure that your business is safe and secure. So that's what that's what it looks like to me. I'm gonna just use what you said that you feel safe and secure that. Mm-hmm. Yeah like that.

So let's get one of them because they've just been they're just different what we can work. cool We made it. I like when I'm gonna do it. There we go. Okay.

That's hard man. That is really tough. It's time I just did like 20 of them for my own thing. And decided on your own. Yeah.

Rule. Yeah, it was a It was a pain in my neck, but one thing I'm doing now. I'm doing on. I'm starting to do more vsls. I never really did them.

Especially on the front end. I've used them as upsells, but never really did them on a front end but part of the reason why is because I'm selling higher price stuff. Now number one and number two. I just feel like it's easier. It's easier to build out a vsl because all you really got to do is just make sure everything is formatted correctly get them on the slides and then record the slides and upload the video.

Whereas like long form. It's like you got to worry about fonts and you got to worry about page breaks and graphics and headlines and all these different things. So So anyway, so the fact that I don't have to worry about all that aesthetic stuff. Made this seem like okay, this isn't so bad. If I can just focus on this bang it out.

I mean get it into the script. At least. I don't have to then worry about all of that formatting and stuff like that for now, so but let's talk about let's talk about The big idea so I know last week Rob before that Tyrant Michael interrupted our phone call you were you started to talk about the idea coming from the steps in the process or something like that, right? Can't remember. Yes, so it was on like um kind of like circling back to I guess I'm if I understand.

Yeah, if I was understanding you correctly. I think what you were saying was that because your method involves. These specific steps the idea is that you need to have these specific steps in place for your email business to actually work nothing. So that's even more. relevant now that it's the score thing, you know, the score method is in playing that's something and there's some in that typed into our chat yesterday, which I don't know has any relevance at all, but I was just a sentence I put into it was a sentence I put into an email which is this is a predictable way to turn you subscribers into customers every and there's a bit more to it than that.

So like obviously it also turns repeat customers and repeat customers and former customers in the customers again, there's a bit more to it than that, but every single day whether you're doing anything or not. and if that's all punching in the right direction on um so I think the the issue there is that so a big idea has to be something that they haven't heard before. Right, so that could be what you said there could be a starting point for a big idea. Right? So like um, you know, the easiest way to really come up with a big idea is to just start with an ordinary idea and then transform it into an extraordinary idea so that could be your ordinary idea.

Right, and now it's just about making it extraordinary. Right? And there are there are lots of different ways to do that. It could be it could be done through a metaphor. Um you know that that's one really powerful way to do it, but the way that I think about The big idea is again.

It's like really just the way of reframing the way that they think about the problem and the way that they think about the solution. So it could be that. The problem the cause of the problem isn't what they think it is. Right arm, that's one. It could be that the solution.

Comes from something completely unrelated that they would have never thought. right um Those are some different ways to think about it. But really the easiest way is that again start with just an ordinary idea, which I think you have there and then turn it into an extraordinary idea. Okay. So one of the things just bit more than ideas in case any bit sticks one of the things people might assume.

Maybe they won't is it sending more emails is going to make them more sales and that's kind of that's not true. In an in and of itself, it's the score thing. It's the five elements of the score thing that you have to tackle with all of your emails. Um, I was watching Todd's training about the big idea today because I thought we might go on to it. And one of the things I thought we said was interesting was.

it's a bit like he didn't say this, but it's a bit like right in comedy and that. What he said was it's about connecting two things that people haven't ordered or already connected and which is basically what you doing comedy you're going this thing is like this thing and that's an outrageous idea. So you could argue that the guy build Mueller from storytelling emails. I mean, he wasn't the first person but he could have been the first person to connect storytelling an email. He was the guy well, he did like TV worthy or moving the the course is called stories.

I think emails. Yeah. Yeah, that's a big idea. and well, there's big idea could have been that. You Leverage?

The same storytelling techniques and approaches that Hollywood uses and his business. Yeah, right. Yeah. That was his idea. Yeah.

Right. So like all you know, here's another example, right? So like I did that same thing right when I came out with my storytelling course in 2014. Um, it was a similar thing, right but then everybody started doing that right? Everybody started storytelling in the past eight years, even 10 years has become such a buzzword in business, right?

Specifically and so what I did was on there there were a couple of iterations that I made. So the first change that I made was instead of talking about this idea that storytelling is um where hardwired to respond to stories and story storytellings actually the oldest form of communication. So it's hardwired into us and that's the reason why the Hollywood industry generates billions of dollars every year and this is why when you can wrap up your marketing message in a story it works so effectively I had a shift away from that because everybody was saying that so one shift that I made like two years ago was I shifted to um, I actually started saying the opposite I started saying look the idea is not that You want to use Hollywood storytelling in your business storytelling? Because Hollywood storytelling and business storytelling have two completely different objectives Hollywood storytelling. The objective is to entertain you and business storytelling.

The objective is to convert you right is to actually sell you a product or a service and so I took like a different approach and when I started saying was that most of the storytelling approaches that are out there are too complicated. They involve multiple plots multiple characters guides all of these different complicated things that you have to weave into the story that are just unnecessary. And so I simplified it now the newest version of this I've expanded on the mechanism. I've expanded on the promise which is now my new promises. So my old promise used to be like how you can use storytelling to get more clients and customers in your business.

Now, it's how you can um Captivate and Intrigue audiences so you can transform prospects into customers in 60 seconds or less and The unique mechanism is the 62nd story framework. So now it's I've changed the promise and and I've expanded on it basically to say I like the new idea is that in today's day and age nobody's got time for a long-winded story. Right? People are on tiktok. They're on Instagram.

They're on Facebook and all the social media platforms are moving towards short form content, right like reals and shorts. So you have to be able to tell a powerful business story, but you have to be able to tell it fast. In fact, you should be able to tell it in a minute or less. If you can't do that, you're gonna lose to all the other people that can the good news is I figured out the exact framework to do this. I've used the time and time again, I can show you how to take it and stole it in your business.

So you could do the exact same thing blah blah. So that's the idea. The new idea is not that storytelling Works. Everybody knows that it's that you have to be able to tell your story fast in under a minute in order for it to work right now and ads the timely element to it, which is another thing that Todd like if you I keep this book like with me all the time this big idea book, right? But I have the first thing I ever bought from Todd was that yeah, and so like if you look at all of us criteria presents One Promise, it's specific conveys one story leads to one conclusion Taps one emotion, right?

That's all kind of built around the world with one. Yeah. Yeah, but then there's it must be new and unique. It must feel timely right. It must be arresting.

It should be immediately understandable right so that timely thing right I'm building that in as a matter of fact all the all the ads that I just shot last week are all about storytelling in 2023. That's how I'm leading with all my ads if you want to be able to do storytelling for your business the right way in 2023. You need to be able to tell your story fast. Right. So those are the kind of things you want to think about.

Is there a timely element, you know built into this idea. And if there's not one, how can we build it in there right arm? The idea that a bigger list isn't always better to me. That's not a new idea. I've heard Frank Kern talk about that.

I've heard Jeff Walker talk about that for ages how their whole idea was. It's not the size of the list. It's the relationship to the list. So that's kind of it's not a new idea, right? there's a thing that we talk about there's no need way of wording this but this there's a thing we talk about I don't think I've really heard anywhere else, which is about the fact that What most people do is an email marketing what most people do is email sales?

Right? So the and for this is true of almost everybody receiving us from the primary reason for opening the email. Can only be let's see what Frank's got to sell me this today. Like that's that subject line was interesting. Frank sells good stuff.

Let's see if the thing that he wants me to buy today register for today look at today. Let's see if this is different from the thing that he wanted me to look at last week and maybe it will be interesting to me. The whole concept of our emails is that people people open your emails because they want to read the emails and then sometimes the thing in it is also like a benefit so like Even if somebody has has zero money and zero reason to buy for and zero reason to buy from you. This is not what we'd say, but they they would still want to be on your list and still want to open your emails because they're like you could like we've had to convince one of our members not to not to charge people to be on his email list because ultimately he was he was throttling is ability to sell his core Thing by doing that but like the emails are so good people would pay to receive these emails even though they sell something. Okay, so Are that's good, right?

But again, that's an ordinary idea, but we could expand on it one of the ways to expand on that is to think of Maybe another industry. Or context where they do something similar. And compare it to that. so Michael and I had this client an E5 client who? I don't know.

I'm not sure if I told you guys about him, but you guys have you don't have Dave and Buster's out there. Do you? No you don't know what Dave and Busters is no I so Dave and Busters is kind of like it's like a it's like a gaming drinking eating experience for adults. Okay, right. So you come into the place.

They got TVs all over the place. They got alcohol they got food and then there's games all over the place. Right and kids can play the games too. Right? It's not just for adults but there's the adult element built into it right in other words.

Like it's not like a Kitty birthday where there's no alcohol and there's you know, everyone's eating peanut butter sandwiches. It's not like that right. So anyway, we have this we had this client. Who? What he did was he created an entertainment?

system uh like that consisted of playlists and messaging that enables the business owner like Dave and Busters and bowling alleys bowling alleys were like his biggest clients. This guy had tons of clients. But basically what he created was like this program or this system. That doubles let's just stick with the bowling. Alleys it doubles your Revenue per Lane.

Um in the next 60 days, so somebody comes in they rent a lane to go bowling. If on average they're spending $100 right now between food drinks the bowling. His system enables you to double that in 60 days. How does it work? Well part of it is that the experience is customized to the demographic that's in the place at the time.

So if you're holding a birthday party of 50th birthday party for someone the music the vibe the food is gonna be completely different than you know, if you're having like a birthday for like a 16 year old or something like that, right? And so I'm in this there's like messages that are built built into like what they announce over the speaker to get people to buy stuff at the right time. He knows like when they're most likely to buy a drink when they're the most hungry throughout the experience blah blah. And so the idea that we came up with is like how Disney when you go to Disney World, it's not just one big theme park with one big theme every section of the park has a different theme and every section of the park has a completely different. Experience like you go to one part of the park and it's all about like like fairy tales, right and it's like very like like a girl a little girl could walk into like that area of the park and feel like a princess and then like 50 feet away a kid can go to a boy can go to a completely different part of the park and have a completely different experience and imagine himself as a completely different character.

And so the idea that we took is Like hijacking Disney's custom are the hell was it like hijacking? Disney's custom arm. Customer experience and in and installing it into your business like basically now you can take the same thing that Disney does to wow their customers by creating customized experiences and install it in your business to do the exact same thing. So we just looked at what's another industry or another business that does something similar that we can kind of like piggy back on right? So Rob you talked about like the fact that they you they're getting emails that sell them stuff but they're so valuable.

They don't almost pay for them. Okay, so that's a start. So maybe we need to start thinking about what's another industry that we could compare that to where people pay to be sold. Or they wouldn't pay to be sold. Does that make sense?

Yeah sense. I'm just curious to see uh, yeah, here it is. Let me concerned. Yeah, trying to look for. I was trying to look for his.

his lead to see like how we How we actually articulated that? Like what I just said. Yeah, so like this is his lead. It's true. There's a new and different way for you to increase Lane Revenue by 50% It's called Lane Revenue roadmapping that's his unique mechanism and it's very different from the common methods.

You're likely familiar with because of how it increases Lane Revenue by 50% using the same secret Disney uses to make customers spend more during each visit and do so happily and predictably and it does an involve hiring new staff. Are installing jukeboxes finding a new DJ hours a weekly management relying on your staff to know when to make promotional announcements having to sift through hundreds of playlists. Just like Disney Lane Revenue roadmapping provides a customized customer experience, which the customer cannot get anywhere else using a tested and proven system specifically for bowling alleys. That makes sense to you guys like the way that I explained it. Yeah.

Yeah, it does. It makes perfect sense. so It's like having. And look this is just this is just one path, right? This is just one way that I'm thinking about it because the way Rob described it I immediately thought okay, maybe the way to do this is looking for looking for something else to compare it to in piggy back on it that doesn't necessarily have to be it like we can the three of us can spend the next week brainstorming but that's one path.

That's one. I just kind of that resonated me right away with me right away, but I thought okay. This could potentially be the best the best way to go is to find Can it work like opposites too? So for example, you said like not by using the same technology that Disney is on Netflix using whoever uses can it work the opposite. So like for example, let's imagine you could say like if you watching the TV and an infomercial comes on you it most people's automatic thing is to switch off change channel put something else on or if you driving in the car and a commercial comes on the radio, you likely to just switch channels and just to try and find another song.

Basically, that's how most people's emails are most people's emails are just trying to trying to dodge being sold things by email on the off chance that occasionally there'd be something that'll be useful in it. Can it work so that these are emails that no, you word this but like they don't become like the annoying infomercial that everybody's trying desperately to get away from it's the anti-international thing. Yeah. Yeah, but what I don't understand is um and and again That could be a start. what I don't understand is like um is like what makes that work?

Like what is it about? What is it about what you're gonna tell me that makes that makes it work that way. Yeah. Like if you said that to me out like the next question that I would that I would ask which is the question that should already be answered when you're when you're articulating the Big Ideas like oh, how does that work? Like what makes it work that way?

Well, like what's the what's the reasoning behind that? Right? So like again going back to like my blood pressure thing, right? Like the the promises that you'll lower your blood pressure and the next 30 days without prescription drugs or medication. The idea behind it is that there's a force called the Fatal 8, which is these eight factors that launch an attack on your cardiovascular system and make your blood pressure go up without you realizing it.

So unless you address these eight factors, you're gonna continue to struggle with high blood pressure. So you see how like, there's no like so the person with the school thing. I mean by that think they would just ask me to elaborate on it more. Okay. So the school thing there are five elements that all email Marketing Systems have to have in them.

And if they don't have them in them people gonna unsubscribe, they're gonna report you a Spam. They're not gonna buy stuff. They're gonna ignore your emails. The up that that's that's good. Yeah.

Okay. Does it need that's more than that Paul to give us a bit of a clue on that. Yeah. It needs to be more specific. It could be that.

um It needs to have one as well. So obviously what Rob rattle off that just off the cuff obviously was lots of benefits. Whereas the whole thing with the As far as I know the big idea should be like that one thing like, what's the one thing though? Maybe not always. it could be something like um So we would have to like condense this.

To get more clearly five Horsemen of the email marketing apocalypse. We've used that. It could be that. and again, we would have to we would have to tighten this up, but I'm just thinking out loud, right it could be that. like in order to persuade someone Right in a one-on-one situation.

There are certain things that you need to be able to do. You need to be able to build rapport. You need to be able to make a presentation. You need to be able to overcome objections. I'm just using those three things right?

I know that your thing does five of them and the challenge is that when you're communicating with people through email? Most approaches don't have those things built into them like as if you're having a conversation with an actual person so they don't show you how to build rapport. They don't show you how to overcome object. They don't show you these five things that are built into the score system that enable you to persuade people when you communicate with them one-on-one, so this is the equivalent. Of the closest thing that you're going to get to communicating with someone on a personal level but through mass email.

That's one one idea. That's one way of thinking about it. Hmm. So tell me again. What it's what what all the What the acronym stands for sales?

content objection handling risk reversal engagement Got it, okay. sales content what's the O objection handling? objection handling risk reversal engagement and engagement animals Hmm, okay. what's another word for five like I know like I really Trifecta quit Quinta is like the and a quintuple and pentagonal quinary quinate pen cameras a quintuple basically is a five Kennedy. What's that mentalism thing that's called got the word Quinter in it.

Was that yours or Max mavens or somebody that's and I think that means four does not know that's quad quad and quad. Anyway, it's a Phil smith thing that you're talking about. I did a thing with four. What was that thing? I did with the four drawings.

What's Phil Smith's thing do the book? It's for plate. Yeah, so so there's a guy there's a guy who's a mind reader like Kennedy. He published a book called Quinta America in five parts. So assuming fills in his research Quinter is linked to the word five.

Let me just check of quinterest. Oh, it's from the Latin word for fifth. Okay. So Quinta is a is a is a nicer word. in LAN Quintuple which is what I mean see that you can see quintuples come from Quinter.

Yeah, there's also there's also the word pentagon. but that That kind of you know, people kind of relate that to the government building. Yeah, yeah. I think you have to be careful. You don't end up in likes of pagan sort of.

Pentacles and like you get all that stuff as well. Yeah. 20 what are you do this? Why don't you on? Starts just start writing down the ordinary ideas that come to your mind, right whatever they may be and then at least next week, we'll have something to work with that.

We could potentially build into something extraordinary Mmm Yeah. I mean, this is how it's done. This this is like this is the process for doing this. It's not just something that pops up magically out of thin air, right? So we're not Agora.

I don't know if you guys ever watch the Agora copy School. Meaning where are Recorded like what they do in Agora when they take their copyrighters through boot camp those guys have to write down an idea in their journal every single day. If they don't do it. They miss one day they're out of the program and they don't get their money back. That's how much of an emphasis they put on ideas and I think by the second week they partner them up.

and they have to they have to explain they give them a campaign and they have to explain the ordinary idea and then the extraordinary idea version of that to the entire class and then they get judged on it. So that's how that it's a process. Yeah. Cool. All right.

It'll be interesting to just Kennedy might be interesting to do a post in the den that is something to do with. If you had to described to somebody else why they should join the League over buying any other email marketing thing. What would you say just be interesting to get out of our heads for a bit and it might it might come to absolutely nothing but you might get somebody who goes. Oh, it's like the way that Netflix blah blah blah, and it might just give us something we've never thought. Yeah like that.

Specifically not why would you tell somebody else to join the League but why would you say that the league is the place? Or like our method that we teach you is our is the method. Yeah. And as I said, it might come to nothing. right but just it gives us 300 brins besides hours to try and say something that it's like Yeah, definitely.

Definitely. Yeah, cool. I'll definitely do that. That's great. Are we meeting again on Monday?

Which yes you Yeah, isn't yesterday honest nights the day after New Year's Day? That's right. Yeah. We'll see well, we'll speak to you next year. Oh, man.

I our final call. cool I think we have one more booked in but that might be just something gone wrong with scheduling. We've got one booked in on the 9th, but I don't know whether that's it. Okay. Yeah, that can be the headline.

Yeah. Assembling all together that's gonna be in part of the the next call the lead on and the headline the big idea lead and headline will go together. Okay, and then yeah, then we figure out how to assemble it because I'm thinking But actually what Robin I need to discuss and we need to put some time into this where we're going to use this because we wanted to come in this to get more clarity on the offer. And the positioning of it all and all that other stuff and I think we're sort of almost there, but we need to figure out then where we're going to use this. Yeah, so then we can figure out.

because of them, yeah, then we can figure out whether this is going to be Vsl it probably will be I think or something else. I don't know. Yeah, okay. All right, cool. All right, great stuff cool, man.

Thanks again Monday. All right. Thanks man. See you then. Take care.
