---
title: "E5AA - Kennedy 2022-11-14 14:50:40"
date: 2022-11-14
duration: 1h 11m
duration_seconds: 4278
vimeo_id: 770799058
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# E5AA - Kennedy 2022-11-14 14:50:40

**Date:** 2022-11-14 | **Duration:** 1h 11m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

you And I'll talk to you later, man. You got it. All right. Bye. As a golden Rob name on good.

Thanks. How are you? I'm great man. Thank you for asking. And Kennedy you there man you alive.

I know he's there but I don't see him and I know he's muted. I'm sure she'll be here in a second. Cool, man. How are things by you? Yeah, good tired.

We just threw back from Vegas yesterday. So we had like 20 hours of traveling but but apart from that all good. Cool, what you guys doing out there? There's a little marketing event happening that some friends of ours were running and so we were speaking at that and that was for about three days on Monday Tuesday Wednesday, and then we just had a few days to enjoy Vegas a long time since we've been I'm actually we've both been quite a few times separately, but we've never been together. So that was fun.

Cool. Now you're a hypnotist, right? Yeah. Like a stage hypnotist. Yeah.

Cool, that's awesome. Man. Interesting is different for sure. Yeah one arm. So I actually how I got into direct response.

I I tell people this all the time I got into direct response by accident my best friend who's like my childhood friend. He's my son's Godfather. He's like a born entrepreneur started an online business like 15 years ago, and he was like, look, I can't afford a real copyrighter and you're the closest thing I got because you're a sales guy. So I need you to write myself copy for me. And um, basically his his client was this guy his name's Dr.

Steve G Jones. He's a hypnotist. Yeah, and he used to have all these hypnosis recordings that I used to sell on eBay and my friend could see that he was selling a ton of them. So him and his partner just approached him and said look, why don't you let us Market your hypnosis recordings like you don't lose anything on your end. It'll just be a completely separate income stream for you and they wound up so from hypnosis recordings, it went to all types of personal development programs that involved an element of hypnosis somehow because that's like what the guy specialized in right?

He's got like over 5,000 hypnosis recordings on his website. And um, so basically I help them build that business now what's up, you know, a multi-million dollar business, but I'm very familiar with the hypnosis space only because I worked so closely with this guy and done so many products and campaigns with them. So that's cool man, very interesting. I just saw a similar thing. I am potted up with a guy who sells stage hypnosis trainings and did his Marketing Online stuff for a couple years.

And yeah, that was that was fun. So yeah similar soul of experience really that was my first of successful in my business. Cool. Here's Kennedy. How are you?

How are you? I'm great. I'm great. My Kettle decided that it was the time to go slow. It's never thought I was the longest two minutes of my life waiting without f****** being a boil.

But yeah, I'm good and I'm really excited about hanging out and working on this stuff. I'm excited. Cool, man. I'm excited too. so really today's call is just to kind of go over everything that we're gonna call over in the next coming weeks an outline of the program kind of what to expect Etc.

So you guys are actually kind of like a special case because Yeah, you guys are Savvy marketers. So it's a lot it's a lot different than what I'm normally used to. I'm on the walls as well. I've gone and over sorry. That's right.

Yeah, cuz I'm I'm basically used to the majority I wouldn't say all but a good amount of clients that I help are just everyday business owners that know very little if not anything about direct response marketing so it's kind of like I have to You know educate them and help them from the ground up like the difference between direct response and brand institutional advertising and copy and headlines and awareness levels and blah blah blah. You guys know all that stuff. So really it's a matter of just kind of getting you acclimated to the E5 approach, right? And so those things right I would the thing that made me think this was for us like to do this process with you was Kevin. Kevin said he when we were walking to dinner that night at Disney Springs or whatever it was.

He was telling me he was just finishing up going through this for one of his programs. And Kevin's been around the block. He knows he knows s***. He knows a lot. I was like, oh, okay, and he was like, it's super valuable.

And the other piece of it dude is like everybody when you're in it when you're too close to it. You don't know if you are just going down the wrong path with the message. We think. We know what it should be. on the final piece and this was I was thinking about as I was burning my hand on Boiling tea just now was was actually just making sure we put the time in to do it.

Well, like we need to fix the offer money to fix the offer and then we f****** haven't because we haven't got an appointment with Paul at three or three pm on Monday the 14th of November, you know, like we haven't put the time in and honestly if we had a meeting put in for ourselves to just do it internally where we both just got back from Vegas to my bit like, ah, man we wouldn't be doing this so You know, that's we know this is gonna be a good process because if Kevin says it's good Kevin's no b******* Kevin's the man we're down. That's awesome, man. I'm happy to hear that. Um. Yeah, and and I totally get it like as many of these calls as I've done when I have to unpack my unique mechanism for one of my courses.

Like I have to do it with Michael right? I have to like I need him. I need I need an outside pair of eyes. I need somebody to hold me accountable. I need somebody to bounce stuff off to help kind of change my perspective and reframe the way I see certain things.

So on I totally get it man, and I'm I'm happy. I'm cool. So first thing I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna pop this I'm gonna pop something in the chat, which is just an it's the it's the overall breakdown of the program and kind of what we're going to cover on every single week. So there's going to be a mixture of a little bit of homework, which is some training that you'll watch from Todd. Yeah, and then they'll be specific worksheets to fill out that some of them you'll be doing on your own and then bringing them to the call or preferably prior to the call.

If you're able to to get them completed you could send them to me and I'll review them and then there are certain ones that we're gonna actually do together on every single call. So this worksheet that I just gave you this Google doc that I just gave you, um, just ignore the links to the worksheets that are in there because those links take you to the portal where there's generic worksheets that you then have to duplicate and blah blah Michael has already taken the time to create your own specific worksheets. So I'll send you those specifically separately in an email afterwards, but this is just for you guys to look at so that you have Basic idea of everything that we're going to cover the training that you'll have to watch what we'll cover on each of these worksheets Etc blah blah blah. So um to start really I just have a few questions for you guys. So The first thing that I want you really help me is I know who you guys are.

I know what you do, but explain to me again, just so that it's fresh in my mind, right? What what who do you serve? What do you do and tell me like in your words in your mind? What is it that you guys on? How do you provide value to others?

um Okay. so I want to answer this but I also want to just preface this with you said something on the last call. What was Michael you and I? and Rob which made us sort of rethink the market a little bit and you talked about making them much more like mature marketers rather than the current audience and we've been really taking that seriously when somebody makes up um such a dynamic suggestion and we take that seriously, especially at somebody, you know, Wise and experience like yourself. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to talk through who I thought they were off.

We you know who were currently serving and then we're gonna use that as a basically I'm saying is everything I'm Gonna Save you question it, I think examination phase anyway, it's like question it doubt it get it to prove it, you know, like we're not attached to Much of it all much of it all so at the moment we are serving. People who are an expert in something. These are experts in running. I'm gonna go teach us a course about running. We've got somebody who teaches people how to cook.

We've got different expert and they package that expertise as an online course a coaching program group sometimes want the one coaching as well and memberships. That's who they are. Yes, we've got outliers. We've got some econ people and stuff who up who take upon themselves to apply our stuff to them, but we don't create for those people. And which is fine.

Um, so that's that's who they are and they've got their expertise. They've been told they should create passive income which we call b******* on but okay, they should create passive income by packaging their their expertise into some kind of program. And they they've they're now the point where they have exhausted their immediate circle of influence. They can they have sold as many as they can and that might be too units that might be a hundred units. It's whatever it might be that exhausted there immediate circle of influence and because they haven't got either lucky or a system and to Perpetually constantly consistently makes sales of that thing and now frustrated.

So in terms of the stages of awareness something interesting and of interesting to set thing you said on that as Cole was which I hadn't realized was the E5 method is really designed for people at the problem. aware stage So the problem that they're facing is I've got my thing and we did a survey and in our little Facebook group. I know it's not members Facebook our members Facebook group say What do you prefer do you prefer? Creating new stuff all the time that you can sell to your existing audience, or do you prefer to have one thing and sell more of it people? Like which of these two camps are they because they're quite different mindsets whether that basically marketers selling the same thing closer than people or and creators.

I've only a small group bunch of people that I want to and sell different things to them turns out to our quite surprise really that they have their one thing and they just want to sell a bunch of it to new people. So that's we know for a fact that's who they are and the way we provide value. Is we give them? a play-by-play systematic modular method for creating automated sales of your program and it is modular. It's not like a lot of like obviously between us and it's it's not like if you look at the machine from the DM that is complicated s***.

If you ever try to sell one of those up is complicated lots of people dropping in and out in and out. This is not this is really linear, which means it's easy trouble shoot. It's easy a building you can build in a modular way. And we do that with the fact that we really understand the psychology of human being we've relied on that for 18 years in our careers. I played Russian roulette with a Colt Magnum revolver on stage.

If I got the influence part of my show wrong. I didn't lose the sale. I lost my face, right? That's the that price. Yeah, right.

So and we don't tell that story public anymore because it's a bit. too much It's the same reason I don't do that thing on my show anymore, right? But it's too much but that's that's a severity of these skills. If Rob doesn't put somebody under hypnosis. He doesn't have a career.

Never mind that sale right doesn't happen. So so that's the that's that's kind of what we do. Yes. Got it. Okay now just just just a quick question like so what if What if I I have a product.

but I'm just thinking out loud here. I have a product. I have an offer my offer sucks. I can't convert it. But I think that I need to automate it.

like what happens in those cases? Do you even go that deep with people or is it kind of like Yes, you find that do you find that people have you find that people think that that's the issue like they need to automate a turd. Absolutely. It's absolutely automate some people do so. This is a problem.

We say, you know, somebody runs one of our campaigns and they get amazing results. Somebody else comes in. They're like I ran this campaign of yours didn't make any sales and we're like Okay, show us the sales page and we're like, yeah this I I couldn't convert this either. This is this is f****** awful. And yeah that does happen.

So what we've done to help that because basically within the membership we have stuff that's related. But we're trying to get out of so much. We had a lot of training now just removed a bunch of them because of the overwhelmed factor and the fact that we can split the stuff off and sell the separately to members and stuff. So we created a framework Which I think is still included. But Robert remind me on this or not.

We call it the Adaptive offer each and each each letter of the word adaptive is a different element that a really good offer has it's a ship. It's not shallow shallow like but it's basically you don't have all these elements like how many letters are adapter? No 12 9 whatever it is and elements if it doesn't have those things in it's and it's gonna not work, but there are people we are not the Specialists and offers. We're better than most people honestly, but we would prefer somebody has an offer. That already converts really I think is the truth.

Got it. Okay, and remind me again how you get customers now? So customers right now. We literally use the thing we teach so people join our email list and that's the thing. We're working with John and Todd on on increasing the volume of people coming through the list.

But basically they go into a chain of different automated sequences. And some of that those campaign one of them the first campaign taken to the sales page, which is just a general brochure sales page for the membership the others. Are basically um, well the next one's called a golden cloak Campaign, which is basically it's a bribe. It's like hey, do you want this really cool thing? It's really good.

I'm gonna show you I get it for free. But first here's why it's brilliant. We tease them about the campaign and why it's all awesome. We say you can get that today. It's part of a training which is worth a thousand dollars you get that for joining the membership for free.

So the membership between 99 a month stays as long as you want. That's our highest converting campaign in the entire business. That works very very well. After that. We have another bunch of campaigns.

So we have another one which is an objection handling Campaign, which is hey we've been telling you about this amazing program. We think it'll really help you because you want to hear your mouth our list because you want to know about email marketing. Why haven't you joined yet? And it saves them to a survey we have the main five objections depending on what they choose and the next page of that survey handles the objection and they go into an email Automation and handle that objection. And then finally they go into a one dollar trial to try it to trial the membership.

So that's what currently active we did have an automated webinar for a bit worked. Well for a bit started to suck we pulled out. Got it. Where do you primarily get the customers from? Where do you drive the traffic from?

The traffic at the moment is mostly done from like organic stuff. So we do a lot of like guesting and other people in front of other people's communities. It's fairly I would call it warm. The thing we are trying to figure out at the moment with John. With Murray and with Todd's help is getting the truck the cold traffic piece to work with an acquisition funnel, which is separate to this.

This is basically the league is our back end so that we don't have an affiliate program on it because it is our backend and to give you a heads up as well the plan we have it in our Calendar to do at least one price jump next year to 149 or 147 a month something like that from 99 so that just before you people you pretty much do the same type of presentation on every podcast or is it based on their list? It's pretty much the same presentation. Got it. And what's that? Um, rob you want to talk I realized I've just sort of left you on mute, and I know you dog sitting and stuff.

Yeah, so it's not exactly it's it's basically it's based on the questions. They ask us and then those questions tend to guide us in the same direction or at least if they don't we have the ability to take them in the same direction and it's probably not it's probably not quite the same every time but it's pretty close. There's probably like two or three routes that can take they tend to ask lots of very scattered questions. Which can range from how do you increase your open rate to what if you haven't got a list to And you know, what do you put in your emails through to another time where we might be able to engineer it so that the conversation leads in the direction of how to build an email engine that converts every new subscribing the customers faster the way that Kennedy just described and so it's it's all around that sort of thing is to get people a lot of the time those podcasts. The hosts are telling us by their questions that Their audience or at least they think Their audience need more motivation to do email marketing.

Than training on how to do it if you like. So a lot of the time it's overcoming like oh what you know what your audience hate you if you know them every day what you know, all of this stuff which tells us their audiences or at least they think their audiences are further back in that stuff too, which actually interestingly would make sense. I've never said those words before but if Kennedy agrees that would make sense as to why the audience we have built so far is is where they are and who they are. Yeah. Yeah, obviously what we're probably looking for by by looking to shift to that sort of higher level.

audience we probably are looking for the One two three people in every room of 100. I would guess like if you think about most most rooms most people most people on the internet if you went to click funnels live, most of those people I would imagine are currently no offense failing on the internet I would guess. Got it, okay. What do you guys think? The what do you think in E5 campaign is like explain to me what you think?

What it is how it works why it's different than other approaches. Just kind of give me an idea of what you think it is. Or what, you know about it so far. So I've been through the training. In a sort of brief passive way not in a proactive.

I'm doing it along with it way, but just to get an idea of like, you know, because obviously I don't want to go other to the top one room and everyone's talking about friggin. You know chunks and you know all this stuff I'll be like, what are you talking about? So For me, it's the way of presenting an offer. Um as well as part of it, I guess a bit more than that, but I'm for me the the piece of it. I think that we were sort of looking at here was really looking at how do we create the you the angle and the way of presenting the league which is super compelling and because at the moment the league sales page and the league in general and without the bribe at the front of it and doesn't convert super highly because we haven't figured out how to communicate the value the proposition and the reason to buy now and I feel like E5 the E5 campaign is is what is what that's what it does.

Got it. So. What do you think it is? in the E5 campaign I don't mean specifically I mean generally speaking. What do you think?

It is in the campaign that is able to hook them to the point that you can even get them to the offer. for me it's the problem multiplied by the unique mechanism I think for me I think. How about you Rob? I don't know. So this is cat.

This is Kennedy's the Kennedy's studied E5 much more than I have. I have the book and I look through it a long time ago long before we joined top one. And so I'm honestly coming along for the ride with Canada here. Got it. Just to put your arm up.

Okay, so the way that I want you guys to think about this is only 25% of this campaign is going to be about the offer. Okay, only 25% of the campaign is where we're going to sell quote unquote. The other 75% of the campaign is going to be about us educating prospects about something specific. Kennedy you mentioned it. So what is it that we're going to educate them on?

The unique mechanism which in our case. Yeah. Yeah unique mechanism. So one distinction that I need you to make now one shift that I need you to make now because I can tell you that almost every single client and this is this applies to people that are complete newbies when it comes to marketing and those that are very seasoned direct response marketers is I need you to detach from your business your offer your method Your solution email marketing Heroes and for the next eight weeks all we're gonna focus on is the unique mechanism itself as if it's its own thing as if it's its own separate entity. Okay, what happens a lot of times is as we go through this process, we start unpacking the unique mechanism we say like, okay.

Well, what's the first thing you do? Well, the first thing we do is we give them this training inside the portal that shows that no because that training is inside the portal in order for them to get inside the portal. They need to become a customer. So the shift that we're gonna make is we're gonna educate them about the unique mechanism almost as if we were teaching them how to do it on their own. So the analogy that I like to give is imagine you guys sold this business retired you exited it for 30 million dollars you wrote off into the sunset and now it's like 10 years later and let's just assume that generally speaking technology and email marketing practices stayed the same.

I know but they change very quickly. Let's just say it's 10 years later. You guys exited the business you're doing something completely different at this point. I'm a three of us are at a bar or we're at dinner having a drink and I tell you about this problem that I have. I'm like man.

I got this product this one product and I want to know how I can keep perpetually selling it through email and you guys said to me, you know, I'll pull we used to be in that business we could tell you exactly what you need to do in order for that to happen. And then you just tell me you just explain the entire process to me. So with that enables us to do is that enables us to get the attention the Intrigue the Curiosity. And more most importantly. The first thing that I said is the attention of the prospect because we're approaching them completely differently than everybody else who's just trying to show and offer down their throat.

And so what we're gonna do in that first 75% of the campaign is educate them on the unique mechanism and the big idea. The big idea is this idea that just basically reframes the way that they think about the problem and the way that they think about the solution the the air fryer is the example. I always give so when I saw you talk about that in the Facebook group, I was like, oh man, he gets it he totally and you explained it better than me because I go off like on a tangent and and and I kind of like and I over explain it you were just kind of like short and Punchy with it to the point that I was like, I'm gonna take that the way that the Kennedy explained it on and use it but yes, it's it's the idea that you can fry food using air so you can get you know, The the consistency and the texture of fry food without the health risks blah blah blah and thus the air fry was born. So it's just a new way for them to think about the problem and the solution which kind of powers everything else that we're going to say. The big idea is not the big idea behind your product.

It's not the big idea behind your service. It's not the big idea behind your offer. It's the big idea that powers the campaign meaning once we get them open to the big idea, right and and we get them to accept the big idea and there and they're intrigued by it the rest of the campaign becomes much easier for them to consume because we've got them open to this idea. Right? It's it's very difficult to to be able to educate them.

If they're not first open to this idea, right the Big Ideas arguably the most difficult part of the campaign to come up with It's completely subjective. I mean everything about the campaign is really subjective until we put it out there. We don't know what's going to happen. But the good the good part is that I the Big Ideas also very easy to test right and so the goal at the end of our eight or nine weeks together is to create a minimum viable funnel. So usually the way that minimum viable funnel looks is it's gonna be a little bit different than what you're doing now because what you're doing now is a more kind of advanced version of the minimum viable funnel, but we do this kind of stripped down version of it so that we can really test the messaging so our minimum viable funnel is an opt-in page.

A sales page whether that's long form or vsl in order form and a thank you page. Now the most important I wouldn't say the most important but a vital reason why we do it this way is because on that opt-in page. The only thing we're gonna have is a headline. And in that headline is going to be the primary promise the unique mechanism in the big idea because all we want to see is can we get a 30% opt-in rate just for people to learn about the idea. No lead magnet.

No cheat sheet. No ebook. No checklist. No, no freebie. It's like are you willing to enter your email address?

Can we get three out of 10? Can we get 30 out of a hundred people to enter their email address just to learn about this idea. If we do we know we have a good idea. If we don't we know we need to scratch it and come up with another one then from there. We typically take them over to a vsl, which is gonna have every component.

of the campaign in there your lead your credibility statement your education based portion, which is all your cpb chunks, which I'll which I'll get into in a second. That's the first 75% of the campaign and then the last 25% is where we make the offer and we're going to basically look at all those video analytics and kind of see where what the message consumption looks like, right if we need to tweak the lead if we need to slow down on the education based part of maybe there's too much of that whatever if they're getting for the offer but they're not buying Etc. It enables us to really analyze the messaging and to tweak and and and and and and adapt and improve it as we go so that we really get a solid we really nail the messaging and we know what the messaging works, right? And so it's it's close to a scientific approach to testing as we can get. Um, How do you guys?

typically Do research on your prospects competitors Etc. Like do you do do you generally do research or is it mostly based on kind of like what other people have bought and your customers and how does that work? Tell me what that process is typically like. Yeah, so I am I do I've done a lot of interviews with um with customers so members of The League I didn't fairly recently so I would do that. we do every Eight months we should do every six months really but it works out in real in reality eight months.

We do a survey to members as well. So we do like both a part of an active thing. And the other thing we are going to do and I can't remember the name of the service but basically we basically gonna take our list and put it into Google to get the actual demographic and psychographic data route on them as well. So we can actually reverse look up the contacts and the list. So that's on the plan of something to do in the next couple of weeks.

That's the three bits really. Got it. Okay. Um. She's gonna show you something.

really quickly so our these first two weeks are really all about research. And I can tell you now that the research is in my opinion the most boring. Non-sexy part of the campaign but it's the most important because if you get this wrong, you just gonna build a campaign on a faulty Foundation. It's gonna be built on what you think the prospects want instead of what they really want. It's gonna be built using an idea that maybe super intriguing to you or it might be super intriguing to a different audience or Market, but it wouldn't be intriguing to your prospects.

Right? And so it's important that we get this right. So there are a couple of different a couple of different Kind of tips that I like to give people so Michael and I both have different ways of of approaching research. I think both of them are valuable. So Michael likes to interview people he'll go into Facebook groups and he'll find somebody that's constantly posting or constantly commenting and he'll be like, you know, I love to know more about how maybe how I could help you solve this problem.

Would you mind if I shot you a DM and then like he'll DM the person and he'll just like get them on the phone or get them on a zoom call and start picking their brain. Um, I prefer Diving into like Reddit like Reddit is is my favorite place to go and figure out like what people are saying they actually want because there are you know, as you guys probably know first of all that you can find a topic on anything imaginable on Reddit, right? And because the people on there are Anonymous, they're not afraid to actually say like what that what they're struggling with what their secrets are right? They're not they're not putting up this facade that you typically see on social media right there. They're really being vulnerable in what they in in kind of like talking about their problems.

The other thing that I use Reddit to gauge is um how big the problem is? And to find out what the true problem is, so I'll give you guys an example. I just finished up a campaign with a guy who he has a tonic. It's a drink right? It's like apple cider vinegar on steroids.

So it's like apple cider vinegar cayenne pepper chaga mushroom, ashwagandha cinnamon cloves. It's got all this stuff in it. That's super organic super clean super healthy. And so when they came to us, they were like, it's a super drink it does all of these things. It's got anti-anxiety properties.

It's got immune support. It's got a digestive benefits, but the problem is they weren't selling it. So I said look, let's focus on one thing right and then we can always build another campaign to solve a different problem. But let's focus on one problem. So I said what's the common denominator?

All you have all these different ingredients in here. What's the one thing that they all support? So they came back to me and said inflammation. I said, okay cool. The problem was when I searched inflammation on Reddit.

I was getting nothing meaning. Nobody was really talking about that as a problem. What they were talking about are the symptoms that come as a result of having inflammation like anxiety like Gastro and gastro reflux disease and all these different things that that you get as a result of inflammation. So if we would have built the entire campaign on inflammation, even though look there are people out there that are aware that inflammation is a problem and they're looking to solve it but it's nothing like the amount of people that are trying to solve the anxiety problem with you support problem or the Harper problem. Right?

But we wouldn't have known that if we didn't just if we didn't do that research, right? It's also important that you could interview customers like Michael. Michael does not is not a fan of interviewing customers at all. I do think that there's some value in interviewing customers, but you want to be careful when you interview customers for two reasons. Number one a lot of times.

They're gonna tell you things that they think you want to hear and and the other thing, is that a customer Is in a prospect so a customer a lot of times is in a different emotional state of mind then someone who's trying to solve this problem that hasn't solved it yet. And so we really want to be talking or analyzing those people the people that are actively trying to solve the problem that haven't solved it yet. Does that make sense? Yeah. It's a really good point.

I interviewed a couple of prospects. Well people are full of prospects and I found that really difficult actually but so that's that's quite interesting you say they're the most valuable. So I need to maybe just yeah, we'll talk about approaches to you know, Reddit and and all you know interviewing customers, okay? yeah, and so like this is like an example of a good web analysis. So a web analysis is just basically an analysis of wants emotions and beliefs.

So let me ask you this. when it comes to what we speak to. Do you think it's more valuable? Which do you think is more valuable to speak to there once or their needs? There once as well, what makes them buy, isn't it?

Yes, correct. So we always want to speak to what they want and oftentimes there's a disconnect between what they want and what they need, you know what they need because you're the expert in this field but a lot of times you can't communicate what they need because there's gonna you you're never gonna be able to get through you're not even gonna be able to have the conversation with them in the first place unless you talk to them first about what they want. Right this also enables us to figure out what our primary promise should be. So every campaign should have one single primary promise and I can tell you now, this is the I think I posted about this in in the Facebook group. This is without a doubt the biggest challenge mistake that trips people up is they either come up with an ambiguous promise.

So it's not a specific promise. It's an ambiguous vague promise like I'll help you. Rocket your income, right? Or it's multiple promises. They're trying to promise multiple things instead of One Singular thing and a lot of times people will do that because they're trying to compensate for the lack of one strong promise.

So they'll make multiple week promises people also do that with the big idea. They'll try to substitute one strong big idea for multiple week ideas. Right? And so we always want to follow the rule of one in the campaign. It's one promise.

It's one emotion. It's one big idea, right that work that we're speaking to people about right. So first thing is we need to figure out what they want. Second thing is we need to figure out what their emotions are. Right and what the primary dominant emotion is that we're trying to trigger in the campaign and then we need to figure out what their beliefs are and it's important that we know that because otherwise we could construct a campaign.

That is counter to what their beliefs are. So like if I'm talking to hardcore right-wing conservative Republicans and I'm talking about a big idea that involves Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton. I'm gonna get an instant disconnect from them, right you guys know as people that are very skilled and communication and psychology. We need to always be speaking the same language as the Prospect and unless we know what that language is through this research. It's very difficult to do that.

Right? And so this is an example of a good web analysis. Now, what I want you to do is just kind of read the first few statements here and tell me why you think this is a good example of a webinar of a good web analysis Well, I like the fact that it's in the first person and like that about it if I can do this if I can get that I want to play better. I think that's and that's interesting. So it's really Getting you into that mindset, I think for money when you're right.

I like about it anyway, and that might not be a general case. That's personal preference, I guess. Um, I want my golf swing to be natural. I want to play better. just because some of my son They're very simple, like surface level things aren't they?

Like, you know, it's a bit like I could say there's no like there's no like technicalities to what they're saying or anything that makes it remotely complicated. It's very simple. Yeah, yes. So first thing is Kennedy you absolutely nailed it is that it's in the first person so whenever somebody shows me a web analysis and they're saying they want to do this they want to do that. I know that for the most part it's the person writing what they believe or they think the prospect wants or they're writing what they know the prospect needs instead of just taking it from a place like Reddit where they're actually saying what they want.

Right. The other thing is is that there are there's language in here. So this is about playing golf. So this term in the low 80s, I don't I don't play golf. I never have but I know but that's a golf term right staying on playing that's a golf term.

Right? So if I was like if I want to create a golf campaign and I knew nothing about golf this is gonna be super important for me right if I could shoot in 84 Right a little bit of draws, right? So this I mean look at the club face. I don't even know what any of this means. Yeah, but maybe exactly.

Exactly, but they do. um So that's why this kind of stuff is like really? Super important to dig up because the the closer we are to speaking their language in the campaign the better the campaign is gonna perform right? So that's that's really the importance of of doing research. Um, this is an example of a good now and after grid so and now and after grid is just basically like, where are they now?

And where are they after the experience your unique mechanism which delivers the primary promise right? And so sometimes I'll see people that show me an hour and after grid and they're like now broke after Rich right or now fat after in shape, right which is which is I mean, I guess that's true, but it's just not it's not specific and granular enough to really be able to paint that picture of What what they're gonna look like. and what they're gonna feel like afterwards but also like it enables us to again speak to them on a level that you know that that there's that they're communicating with now right? Like I live for that feeling when you hit a shot pure. Right like that.

Is gonna resonate so much more with somebody then me saying improve your your golf swing or improve yourself? Yeah. It's what's more emotional, isn't it? It's got a lot more. Yeah.

It's got a lot more to it. Yeah. Yes, so this is really the kind of stuff that you're looking for. You're looking for this really descriptive kind of peak inside their mind to you know to figure out what their wants emotions and beliefs are and so the how do you guys? How do you guys analyze competitors?

Um, not on a really not in a very proactive way. The only thing I've done is every time I see an ad on Facebook from somebody selling something email related. I'll generally. Go check out the offer take screenshots of it and look at like what the offer stack is. so I can see what's included because I know I remember learning the sin offer from Todd years ago and the superior theme always stuck into my head, you know, so I was grab the offer stack but apart from that probably don't really would you say that's fair Rob do we I don't think we do do we like no, I don't think we do either really it's it's very sporadic.

It's not it's not even research really it's just You know, look at this person on that thing. That's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Got it.

Okay. Who who do you feel if you had to take a guess? Who would you say your top three competitors are? For the league product or for all of email marketing because that's quite a different two answers. Really.

Uh for both so let's start with the league. Okay for the league. Just that's definitely there's definitely digital marketers the machine, but I don't really know how actively they're selling that now. Yes, let's say digital marketer. Let's say who's that?

I can never his name. He teaches daily emails wrong, but he has like a bill Mueller. No, no, not him and he started an email platform as well. When in your face and Ben sell? Yeah Ben settle I would say I'm actually here's an interesting thought.

I'm actually holy convinced that the competition is different. If we look at the League versus the rest of the business only because the point of like people basically built build Meola for example might argue that his send an email every day. Tell the story in it based on movie. Whatever's his approach is potentially his what he suggesting is his alternative to the league like, you know, it campaigns. You don't need all of this stuff.

So I guess he's unless he's got something similar to us. I would guess he's arguing that people should take his approach instead of hours and vice versa. Right. Okay, because obviously we teach that I was as a combination of that approach and autom um, yeah, so Bill Mueller who else teaches emails up and then you've got like we've got you've got people like like Amy, Porterfield Touches on email as she has a couple of email courses. I think Jenna Kutcher has as well in terms of the big big ones.

I think they're still serving the Old Market of hours like the people who had just getting started trying to figure it out. I think if you look at people like there's probably us. I don't know how much band themselves doing. But there's him there's digital marketer there is Andrea on still exists. Yeah under chaperone.

What about Chris orchowski? He's really only teaching Ecom. Okay, so he's not. What about Troy Erickson? Yeah.

See the guy of the room of all the guy. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know what he teaches me. That's a technical hack which is a terrible idea, but it's a technical hack. Yeah, I don't know since I haven't I haven't looked at the rest of his business to see how far down you email Medic or something is his brand or something, isn't it?

Yeah. So his thing is more of a thing that gets you into the right folders as opposed to crafting persuasive emails. Exactly. He's like, I don't know what the rest of his business is. I know one of his front ends that that sort of Hack thing.

I tell you who else Matt basac potentially. Yeah. We were with him just last week great guy again. Not really targets the biz up crowd who are looking to make money on the internet rather than Yeah, rather than actually you've got a thing already. Yeah.

Yeah, so it's kind of vague. I'm afraid. Okay, so the way that the the way that I want you to approach this is when you do your web analysis, right the web analysis is going to enable you to come up with a primary promise, right? The other thing that's going to help you come up with a primary promise is to look at what other competitors are promising right? Because believe it or not.

If a lot of people are promising the same thing. It's probably a good promise right now. Of course, we'll differentiate right through the unique mechanism and will show why why our mechanism is superior to to theirs but if more if you if you if you're seeing a lot of people making the same promise or a very similar promise, it's probably because they know that this is what the audience actually wants, right? So the this again, these are all ways for us to come up with our primary promise. So you want to be looking at obviously the company name their hook or their big idea, right?

Like what are they? What are they? What are they are they talking about something that with the intention of reframing the way that the person thinks about the Problem and thinks about the solution. So it's not like whether that hook is um is like monetary based like how I made a good, you know, two thousand eight hundred and two dollars, you know in my sleep last night. Is that the hook or is that something different?

No, that's a hook. Yeah, that's a whole. Yeah, um. The delivery mechanism is just basically like how they deliver the training is a coaching is it you know, self-study is it done with you? Is it hybrid whatever USPS are very rare, um unique mechanisms are are very common.

But unique selling propositions like in other words like working with that specific company, you can only get this experience by working with them very few people actually have that. Um, what are their General marketing claims? What kind of proof points are they using? What kind of benefits statements are they are they using now, here's what I could tell you I could tell you in working with dozens of clients and doing tons of of these competitive analysis with people. Um, most competitors will make out landish claims.

They won't provide any proof or they'll provide little proof that actually support their claims and their benefits statements are horrible. And so where I believe E5 really shines is the way that we construct what we call these cpb chunks which are claim proof benefit and then every single benefit follows the Fe protocol, which means every time we make a benefit statement we say we have to pay the fee meaning we want to talk about the functional benefit the experiential benefit and the emotional benefit that comes from that claim. Right? What kind of deliverables and features are they talking about what are their bonuses and premiums what are their price in terms? What are their risk reversalm?

Another thing that you need to pay attention to when analyzing competitors two things number one, are they using direct response marketing right? You'll know right away if they are if they're not just by looking at their pages and are they a celebrity or an authority in their Niche because if they are We don't want to be using them as a competitor, right? So if I was creating a campaign on how to start making sales on the internet, I would not list Frank Kern as a competitor because Frank Kern can put anything he wants out there and and he's got you know, I think oh, I think he said like five or six years ago. He gets 30,000 organic searches for his name on Google every single month. So Frank Kern, is it different animal he can get away with campaigns that say a lot less and just kind of make offers because people are gonna buy them just because he's Frank Kern right?

Same thing with Tony Robbins. Tony Robbins doesn't have to educate people on a unique mechanism. Tony Robbins doesn't need a big idea. Tony Robbins can just say I just came out with this new thing with Dean graziosi. It's too Grand the pop and he'll go sell a million of them just because it's him and his name is on it.

So we always want to be analyzing competitors that using direct response and competitors that are not celebrities or authorities, um to that degree, right? Like, you know, if you do enough direct response marketing you're going to become some of some sort of a celebrity. Anyway, if you doing it the right way, but you know what, I mean like not to that magnitude where their brand is so big that they can use just basic General marketing make them put offers out there and we know that they're gonna sell like crazy think any point of view is probably at that point as well as she's probably a celebrity I guess. I would imagine yeah. Yeah, I think so.

Cool. Um, so look the research phase. Sometimes it takes people a few days to do this. Sometimes it can take people up to two weeks to do it. Um, you have we allow for up to two weeks in the program to do this so that typically, you know, you you can do this part on your own and then on the next call will take a look at it and and I'll course correct you on it if anything needs to be changed and then we move on to the next part of this but sometimes it takes the whole two weeks for people to actually do the research needed for me to even analyze and check it out.

I don't know what that will look like for you guys on based on your schedules, but after this call And I'll shoot this to you in an email. What you're gonna do is watch these following trainings from Todd Prospect examination competitor examination. And then Michael's got this one on interview techniques again. I don't I don't typically interview people but one thing that he does teach in this which is like super awesome is on he's got this little like mind map that see I look at that. I watched that and I found it very confusing.

You did. Okay. So really that put me off track completely. All right. so We're left brain type of person you will love it.

If you're a right brain creative type of person. You probably won't like it. So, um, if that if you if it confused you then forget about it. Some people find it extremely valuable because again, it kind of follows this very logical way of, you know, piecing things together. Um, and then these are the worksheets that you're going to fill out you're going to do your web analysis your ideal client exercise, which basically the ideal client exercise is just like imagine your greatest success story your greatest student who achieved The exact result that you wanted them to achieve you probably have already have a few of these on success stories.

That's kind of the person that you want to be thinking about the entire time as you create this campaign and then last will be your competitor campaigns, which I just showed you. Okay questions for you, if that's a good time to ask questions. Yeah, absolutely. Um How would you identify and then find the competitor products and and stuff? What's a good way of doing that?

so go to YouTube. and when I I'll type the term in either search for how to whatever the primary promise you think. you you know you you're gonna make And then what I'm looking for are the people that are running ads on those YouTube videos. It's really smart, dude. So, um For yeah, I also do it in Google like I'll type it in Google and I'll look to see who's running ads on Google but for this particular market and Niche you YouTube is gonna be way better for you guys because I can guarantee you you're gonna find tons of people running YouTube ads, um on email marketing.

cool, and then going into Reddit to look at the ideal so that the The client the Prospect and research I'm not really used Reddit much. How would you go about? Finding you know it we're in danger of going to Broad. Like how do I sell more of my course on the internet through all going so narrow that it's coming up with nothing. How do we sort of go about that?

Yeah, so I generally start with Broad and then I just start looking for patterns in there. I look for recurring themes that people keep saying that they want sometimes the sometimes you'll get people that you'll find a theme where it looks like they're saying something different but they actually if we go like one level above they're pretty much saying they want the same thing. They just think that they want it in a different way. Um, so I just kind of start with like very broad like if I wanted to Ah, let's see. So like I'm a member I'm in the copywriting.

copywriting Reddit thread and like so basically you can you could subscribe. to these threads I don't know if it'll show it on here because I'm on the desktop. But like on my phone I'm logged in and so like I'll get every time somebody posts something in the copyrighting thread. It'll come up and so like one thing that I at every time something comes up, like I'll just take a look at it like just to see oh, what are people saying today and like One thing that people just keep talking about over and over and over again is like, how do I get my first client? It's not like how do I write a better headline?

How do I come up with a how do I write a good lead? How do I write good bullet points? How do I write Fascinations? How do I get good at storytelling? It's all about like, how do I get my first client?

How do I get my first client? So it's like, you know, I I I'm working on a copywriting course now and it's like if I that that's what I need to show people. I need to show them how to get there first client because that's that's what they're saying that they want right now. I might know that they need to know how to write bullets and Fascinations and all that kind of stuff. But if I lead with that, um, I'm gonna be s*** out of luck.

So would you in our case be looking for email marketing or should I be looking at stuff that like course creators are talking about? Would you do both? Yeah, I do both. But I would start in here. Okay, like you got 30,000 people in here.

in email marketing Okay. A lot of people come back as always gonna be there which platform is best discussion that we see two or three of them already on screen. Okay. Yeah, man, it's it's this part of time consuming like you know that but that's usually what I'll that's usually what I'll start with. I'll just start with something like I'll just go in the group and I'll just start, you know, looking for different types of patterns.

with or themes that I see people saying that they want and then I will also so another thing that I'll do is if that becomes to challenging what I'll do is in looking at the competitor campaigns and seeing what their promising I'll go and I'll look in here and match that up. Else you look at the promise over there and put it in here. Yeah, and then I see like well, how are people articulating that what are they saying about that? How are they saying that they want what that with what it seems like my competitors are promising. Hmm.

Okay. and also stuff about tools maybe there's something in the tools thing and not the messaging can be around regardless of your tool, you know, kind of thing regardless of which platform you use something in that we could document. It could just be that that's a question raised by people who don't know who are like so far back. They don't know yet either. true That's the thing.

Like how do you know what point what stage like how do you know whether the questions being posed here people at the right stage as well like At the right stage of awareness you mean? Yeah. Yeah because at this point and even like maturity as well, like if they don't even have a product yet, but they want to they're like hey, how do I which platform should I use? Well the truth is if you haven't chosen your platform yet. You're quite far away from leading to use the league.

mmm Yeah, um. so another thing that I'll do is I I joined Facebook groups that are specifically for like about marketing and And course creators, right? So like Are you guys have been nothing you're in the nothing held back one, right sultanics thing. Yeah. Yeah, so I'll go in there from time to time and I'll kind of like get a try to get a pulse on like what what people are saying.

Um, they think their issue is And then I'll kind of cross-reference it with what I I always bring everything back to Reddit but I might I might get the initial thing from somewhere like that like either from a competitor or from like something that I'm seeing being said in there and then I'll type in that term in this thread to see if it's consistent with what people are saying in here. Okay. Okay, I mean I don't know what the what this accelerator and includes like I don't know what they're obviously you guys need to have rules in places to what's including what's not but like what happens if I start going down the line, I'm like, I don't know what I'm doing. Well, I want some course correction between now and the session it I you like lockdown to just the sessions or can I throw you DM? How does it work?

Yeah, you can certainly DM me absolutely. Yeah, and if we need to if we need to like jump on a call and the interim, yeah, that's fine. We can talk to do that. I just don't want to overstep because we have clients who do that to us. So it's it's all good, man.

You guys are top one. So all top one people get, you know, priority support and help. So whatever you guys need as long as I can fit it into the schedule, which I should be able to do. Because these times are typically very good for me like later on in the day. My time is not good because that's when I kind of like I'm doing my own stuff but my mornings like I dropped my kids off at school at 8 o'clock Tuesdays and Thursdays.

I trained Jujitsu but Monday Wednesdays and Fridays are the times that I have open to do calls and take care of stuff like this. So, um, yeah, man anything you guys need of something pops up. You want to jump on a call in the interim. Yeah, we could absolutely do it. Okay, cool.

Awesome. All right. Well, it's almost any other questions. Now look at my calendar actually. Well, it's fresh in my head.

I'm gonna probably have a first stop at this tomorrow morning ropes got stuff all morning, but I'm gonna have a stab at this first thing and and maybe do a couple of hours looking at competitor and a couple of hours looking at well, maybe an hour on campus and then a couple of hours on Prospect. Are you guys are you guys members of any of these email marketing Facebook groups? Because there's a lot of them remembers of yeah. I mean, I'm a member of a few I know canudson's one. We're in that.

Yeah is any that you'd recommend? Thomas I'm a member of of talman's one, too. but I think his whole approach is just Changed change your f****** send their name as like the cosmic universe or something. Yeah, and we tested it and it okay bombed for us, but that's kind of the case the last of the like we don't really do the tripwire thing very much because we can't make that there's a lot of conventional marketing wisdom doesn't friggin work for us for some reason and that's why our stuff is different most because it's the it's the, you know, Innovations the whatever of necessity, you know. Yeah.

Yeah, I mean, I'm a member of a bunch of them. I'm Email marketing worldwide the art of email marketing. Uh email marketing show That's a good one. Yeah, that's a good one. Yeah, man.

I I joined as many of these groups as I can just so that again I can peek in there and kind of see like what people are saying what they're talking about. But yeah, I would start with I would start with competitors start with you competitors and see what they're promising and then that'll kind of be the seed to help the rest of this thing grow. I mean if you were in some like weird obscure Market I would you know, I would say okay that that's gonna be challenging but you're not so I would just look at like what what are what are your competitors promising? What are they talking about start there? Mmm, great.

I can do that. Definitely. All right. Bob no more questions for me. same Okay, cool.

Um, so I'm gonna email you over the links to the worksheets and the training to watch and then I would say just let me either way we're gonna do we're gonna do this call again. Same time. Well, no next week. We're doing it later. Right aren't you doing later next week because you have something to do.

Yeah, I think so. Yeah, it's a little late. 12 o'clock my time right here, okay. Cool, so I'll see you guys next week on that call. If anything pops up in the interim.

Just let me know but will aim to well aim test at least start having some of these worksheets filled out by then so that we can analyze them together. Definitely. That sounds good. Great. Thanks, Mom.

I'm excited. Thanks all my fellas looking forward to it. All right. So, yeah, bye tonight. Thank you, bye-bye.
