---
title: "E5AA - Kennedy 2022-12-12 14:59:33"
date: 2022-12-12
duration: 1h 54m
duration_seconds: 6852
vimeo_id: 780441788
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# E5AA - Kennedy 2022-12-12 14:59:33

**Date:** 2022-12-12 | **Duration:** 1h 54m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hello. What's up, my friend? How are you? I'm great, man ever. So happy to see your face.

Are you well, I'm good, man. Never better. Please see you that we just dashing out of one meeting the next one because obviously December is a I don't know 15 day month or something. I don't know I could just it just it's short isn't it? Because a Christmas and s***?

Yeah at that. Jesus Christ man he like Hogs up a lot of time this month. I mean he does like what is it? Is he like God he's almost he's almost as he's almost as nervy as Michael interrupting our calls. I mean exactly he's got both, okay.

You guys you guys don't watch the UFC at all. Do you know I don't. Oh, so there's this this very popular fighter from Liverpool. His name is Patty the Baddie. Yeah, and he calls everyone lad but I know parts of England they use mate.

Right. Does that like a thing and different parts? No, we interchange them. But a lot lot is a name is a Liverpool Player thing. So like no Northwest.

So Liverpool Manchester, they will go lad when I talk to somebody. I've seen him being interviewed on podcast, which is the only reason why I know who he is. But yes, is that that's okay. That's like a name they would call somebody in that respect. But most I think May is probably in a sense.

So come on mate is probably more widely used than come on live where you guys would say. Come on, dude. We would say come on mate. But I mean our email address for like getting for like people you get in touch with our assistant is of the lads email marketing here. That's a different word, isn't it?

Because you wouldn't save the mates, you know, there's a different usage of the word. Yeah, you know, what's another question that's been burning my it's been burning me up Kennedy. I have to ask you this question right shirt the white collared shirt. Is that like is that what you wear all the time or is that just part of the stick and the gimmick or like the the Persona what's going on there? Am I ever gonna see you in a t-shirt like this?

Um rarely like if I'm like, you know, even like a sun, I think what I wear yesterday, no, I think I had a white shirt on yesterday. Like no. I always wear a white collar shirt. I just feel better. I don't know.

I feel more upright you like to dress up. Yeah, you know you never know when you're gonna be called on like these nun. I don't care about any that s***. But like yeah, you feel what you feel more comfortable in a shirt than a t-shirt only like you've said in the past when people have asked the question you've said I don't do this for the people. I don't like dress up for other people.

I'm dressed up. No, I don't use other people at all. No, no, I I look like this for me. Okay. Yeah, so like my dad was like that.

My dad always wore college shirts dress slacks dress shoes. I never wore a pair of jeans in the 43 years that I was with him on this planet. My dad never wore a pair of jeans always dressed up, you know always dress shoes. Whereas me now, it's it's 35 degrees here, and I'm wearing these Yeah. I think I have a bothering somewhere in the middle.

So like in real life like so long like on calls like they said we're not doing the particularly special. I'm just wearing the t-shirt and most of the time if we're going anywhere remotely interesting and I'll dress up and put on stuff on but like I'm like I used to I use always used to wear what you guys would call invest like even saying at home like I would just still be wearing what we call a waistco a vest but Yeah, I mean, you know when I was at top one. You know a couple of guys were like commented on like me dressing up when I was like no this I haven't tried this that wasn't like you wardrobe for me to wear to impress me at the top one. That was just what I look like. Yeah.

I dig it. I dig are you guys coming in you guys are coming in February right to the mansion? Yeah. Yeah. I'm staying at the Mansion.

I'm psyched man. I I'm I really am. I'm sorry. I think it's gonna be It's gonna be like nothing else. It's I really I'm psyched about it.

I think it's gonna be really awesome and we have some surprises that I can't share just yet, but I can promise you you guys will dig it. So and so will everybody else that's good. I'm looking forward to it. He mentioned a talent show and I wasn't massively excited, but we'll see. Okay, so we left off with your FTE benefits and I think we had left off that either we would do them together on this call or you guys would get them out of the way and we would move on to the next part.

So I'm good with either or so. We've we've started cracking through them mostly Rob honestly, but and a little bit of me, I've done a bit of stuff on the bonuses, so I'm just got the sin offer document open here actually, so we've done the fdes for the whole of that sort of the promise going through those lines the promise what we call the the Success track, so um, we've got those in And then I've put in the bonus stuff, which I have an fde. I'm gonna let Rob FDA. I've done the F but the DNA f**** my brain, so I'm done that but I'm yeah. What I don't what I've done with the bonuses is rather than putting the bonus of this piece of software.

Which is called automate hero, which has like five different Tools in it. I've taken each tool that's in the software and made it its own bonus. So countdown hero software, which is like deadline funnels basically page hero software click count Hero video hero software. Like I've made each of them its own bonus and then being like these are included. I've made the battle plans their own bonus like the video trainings.

They're like a bonus now rather than part of the main offer and then the podcast which is like the audio version of each of the trainings. So we've started sort of scoping that stuff out. I mean Robin I would just have a chat about this this morning before this call and rather than us take a lot of tickets. It is a lot of time going through them more. How about we use this session to go to the next step?

Rob and I find some time to Flash the rest of the sin offer out and then maybe we can review rather spend this time doing why we spend the next one reviewing. Just to clarify we have done the we have done the entire roadmap. So the entire the entire and the actual offer the actual offer is completely done anything else that we add would be listed as like bonuses or whatever right? Got it. Can you just pop it in the chat real quick and let me just take a quick look at it.

Yeah. It's not just work. This is here. We still don't have a name and I've been throwing ideas together for what this freaking unique mechanism could be I even made a little document. Let me just with fresh eyes and embarrass myself in front of you all with stupid names.

I've come up with for what the f****** thing could be called. These are gonna be terrible just so you will know. I'm gonna read them without any remorse not even sorry. I've written hands off email engine the linear email sales engine. Um, oh damn this thing.

Hey Zoom. Oh, it's kicked me out at Zoom something along in again. so I hate you. Right. I'm well, so I got automated sale email sales engine automated sales maximization engine behavioral selling engine.

Evergreen offer engine Perpetual offer engine Perpetual conversion engine Evergreen conversion engine Evergreen sales engine and Perpetual sales engine. So as you can see I was playing with some particular words there. Well that any of those that anybody doesn't hate because for me so I don't I don't hear any of them. I don't feel like any of them drag us away from creating stuff. That's Google of all the so I'm fine with any of them if we decided to go with them more or less, but I don't know if they get us any further away from being stuff that's going to produce a bunch of stuff on Google.

Yeah, so I don't I don't I'm not opposed to any of them either. Um, I know that you weren't a big fan of the word Perpetual Kennedy. Um, the only reason why I kind of favor that word over Evergreen is because Evergreen is a very common marketing term and I feel like People could easily confuse this with somebody else's offer because everyone's got the word Evergreen whether it's an evergreen webinar. All right, Evergreen, you know, whatever. Um, so that's something to think about.

It doesn't have to be the word Perpetual but maybe it could be something related to Evergreen or Perpetual that is neither of them the other aspect that I think might be missing. Is the psychology aspect of this whole thing? Yeah the word behave so I that's why I've had behavioral selling engine or you know that right? So I at the only word I came up with because psychology, but it's just quite. It's not very smooth.

Is it it's quite. Yeah chewy words. There's an interesting point though, which is raised to John never thought about which is I wasn't even trying to factor the psychology bit into this because for me I didn't really see it as a For example, you could take you could take a bunch of email campaigns remove all the psychology from them all together put them into one of these Engine things and it would still be good. It's actually not in our we don't it's not currently spelled out in the fde things of our offer that the psychology plays a part at all, which maybe it should be so it just made me think like none of the none of the nowhere in any of those. Does it sort of reference the psychology bit which means rather have to lean into it and go and we do that or we have to not anyway and I think for me it's like I think one of the best ones of these I've ever come across is Frank Curran's thing about Dynamic behavioral response.

Yep. Like I think for me we have to almost be not these invented words. They actually hasn't but like I think maybe response words together basically hasn't he? It could be anything. Right?

So for example, we could if he doesn't come up with that we could teach this and we can say this is a brand new thing with grid called Dynamic behavioral response and nobody could go we'll know it isn't. Well, that's a s*** name because like why you've called it that we can even find reasons to come up with anything. So at the minute I think we're still quite we're still quite literal about what it is. As against a maybe maybe we can just be less literal about it and just come up with words. We like and put them together and go that's what it's called.

Why because that's what it's f****** call. Well like we can post justify why it's called that but like I think for the purpose of what this serves it doesn't have to tell them anything about what it does. That's how it feels. Anyway. Yeah.

No that makes sense. Yeah, so we had like psycho something in it. That sort of yeah. Yeah, because while they're having like the influential or the influence, that's kind of like what is but psycho sounds like it's a thing doesn't it like it whatever you think I feel like whatever this is used. We're gonna say this is a thing that we call which is I'm going to explanation of what it is.

And that's right. It's the name anything. In fact, if it doesn't tell them anything, that's probably more interesting. Yeah. Yeah, I mean if you look at like one of the ones I think I'm most proud of is is our way of doing Facebook groups, which is an awful busy about a rollout.

It's called group Loops. I mean that's ridiculous name really, but it's it I've post justify as to why it's called that. Okay, so I'm gonna put the word cycle in this document. site so we can come up with a bunch of words to do with like psycho behavioral psycho something that's like like just yeah, you guys are awesome at coming up with names. I mean some of the names you have for these products are you know, what is it?

The golden cloak? Is that one of them? Yeah. Yeah. I love that man.

It's just sounds so mysterious, you know. Yeah, and and that's I mean, that's usually my my strength if I can do anything in this business. It's usually name stuff, you know, just get yourself away from thinking it has to be Like it has to create doing amazing search about stuff that's you know, that goes one after another which is where the engine came from. It's Italian. It's a train engine, you know, that's what we came up with for that but You know, I should be an end we go back do we go back to the original thing?

Then remember the name engine came about because of where we were teaching it. Once the guys we were teaching it for. Yeah. Wanted to name it and we just ask quite a good name. Well, Nick it but like what if it was the Whatever went back to the train Carriage thing.

The problem is I try to use with the word train. It just sounds s***. It sounds like a children's thing. so this is horrific, but if it was like the train Carriage method or train car method if you want to make it a national something and like it's night miles away from site go email marketing or anything, but like Does it matter for the context of where it's gonna be explained? I like the psycho thing though.

I like the psychological psycho. Anyway, let's not hang up on it. Let's plow on. something to think about Yeah, exactly. Okay.

So um one thing that in going back into the sin offer, I just wanted to pull your thesis statement from there. Is that your thesis statement, um is still written as your primary promise and I think the reason why we did that was because we didn't we didn't quite exactly nail the superior already aspect of this in other words. Like is it the fastest is it the most reliable? Is it the most predictable like and so we need to get clear on that now when we do the the marketing argument, so the primary promise is double your Revenue per subscriber and the next 60 days in generate consistent sales without ever having to launch another product. So what's the superiority aspect?

Is it the fastest easiest most reliable most predictable most consistent? What is it? So I'm going to stick to my guns and say it's the most predictable Plug and Play way to do it. It's those two things for me. I'm still gonna stick to that concept of it being.

You just pick up some stuff you plug it in. Not completely but it's the most Plug and Play way to do it. Nothing's completely. Yeah. Everybody that I feel pretty okay.

cool all right, so We type that in. The most predictable Plug and Play so excited predictability of if you drive a thousand people in You can predict what the outcome is going to be. If you drive nobody in You can predict what the outcome is going to be. There we go. So this is where we basically come up with gap questions.

Right what you're really just objections or possible objections. Um, and so we want to come up with as many of these as possible because this is where you know, this is really what if you remember Kennedy in In in top one and I think we talked about this on the last call right like how Todd talks about. Like a lot of what he models comes from Agora and like the fundamental difference between what Agora does and what most copywriters do is that Agora does not try to Wordsmith their way. To persuading the customer. They just do it using an airtight marketing argument using claims proofs benefits claims proves benefits, right?

And so um, and also a lot of what they do a lot of this comes from their copy boarding. Approach which is their copyboarding approach is to basically think of every single possible objection. That a prospect would have an overcome it and so that's where this comes from. And so like these are some examples like what kind of results can I expect? How's it different from everyone else?

Why is it better than the common mechanisms? How does your unique mechanism work? We already answered that in the unique mechanism worksheet. So like the way that this would actually flow. Um, just to give you some like a context of like how the entire thing would flow at the end is we would have one one big document.

We would have a headline we would have your lead with your big idea primary promise credibility statement, then the introduction to the unique mechanism then the unique mechanism unpacking that we did. Then this which is all of the things that we're going to say about the unique mechanism to demonstrate differentiation and superiority to competitors. And then after this comes the offer so this is everything that we need to say and overcome to get them to believe this. So something Rob said recently in a video he made for another phone. but it's related to the unique mechanism is it's the bit Rob where you talked about even if you don't ever send another Live email.

You can make more sales in your business using this even if you never send another Live email, we don't recommend you don't do that. But even if you didn't even make more sales doing this. so the question the question then would be do I need to Do I need to when you say Live email you mean broadcast? Yeah, yeah. It's hard to explain the video.

I did it in was a very conversational unscripted video. So I just I sort of played it down as Even if you like never like log into your platform and go go, it's Tuesday. I should probably send an email and like type out an email he hit send it sent at once. I'll never be sent out again, but you've never did that again. This would still make you more money than than everything else you ever do.

Was basically the sort of framing of it. So it's quite hard to explain having said that would people ask that question. Yeah, that's the question in my ask was like does this replace my existing email Mark? Okay. Okay, those those.

So the way to think about this is on. You know Todd always says and I'm like in full agreement with them. We've never seen a campaign bomb because it had too many claims. So whether or not this is something that they would ask or it's a claim that they're not that's not even on their radar doesn't matter the more claims as long as we can prove them the better. So there's definitely one about list size like do I need a massive list?

Whatever when you got a hundred subscribers something like that. Nice what else this is good. This is good. So I need to be a good writer. How much time will it take?

Do I need to be technical? Do I need to be a technical wizard? Will this work for? Brackets, I just yeah say it again. Well, will it work for my business?

My business is different. Everyone thinks they're f****** business is different. Yeah. um Well, I have to suddenly be all salesy. Hmm, I like this.

Okay. What else? We're on a roll here? What if people and whatever everyone unsubscribes? How quickly will I see results?

Do I have to do all myself? Is there anything new that I haven't seen before? and so one question that I would have is our and that's kind of related to the technical wizard thing is like does this involve a lot of moving parts or like a huge Tech stack or tons of different arm like campaigns or automations? Yeah, so yeah, is this okay just is a complicated. Will it work with my email platform?

Yeah, that's a good one. Does it work on Mac and peace? How many discs does it come on this front curtain teacher? Would sell more of them. But let me ask you a question and just out of curiosity with this with the email platform thing.

Um, what if a person has like a basic aweber account where they don't have the date they don't have their custom domain. They're not sending from a custom domain and they're not like worried about demarc or any of that kind of stuff. Do you like recommend that they do that and that they should have like a premium account first, or does that not matter? We've got people really happily using aweber to honest. really people using get response Yeah, get response MailChimp aweber.

It's one of those things where is that we always say okay still agree with this when it comes to those platforms. We will say you shouldn't move platform just for the purposes of doing what we teach. some of it's better if using keep or active campaign or something some of it's well not well, I don't I don't necessarily mean the platform what I mean is like the level of membership. So like I have active campaign, right which starts at like 49 dollars, but I have 10,000 people on my list and I pay $7.75 a month because I have a custom domain meaning everything all the emails are coming from my domain. I have my demarc what I know DeMark is important.

I don't know. I forget why it's important. I had my like Tech Guy take care of all that. Um, But I know that. Like I know that's sending from a custom domain is typically what you want to do.

Yeah, I mean you can set up a deacon record that will do that as well. So whatever platform you're using. There's another record called a deacon record that will do the same thing. So yeah, so we have it. We have a we have a battle plan.

So it'll be in one of the bonuses that teaches them how to do it. We could actually reference that dude. When we do the LOL campaign. We could see engagement and engagement and the frequency is tooth is really to the more than two thirds of the battle when it comes to their ability. You probably want to have this stuff.

So you say but they could do that you saying that I would be able to do that without having the the premium version of active campaign. Let's talk to campaign and doing something really special. But like if you get our emails, we just we just we don't we don't get anything special for it from keep. We just have a decimal record and our emails all come sign this being from from our domain rather than I think you want to main level. You don't do that Within.

Active company you do that on your RAM on your hosting they might have something special that I don't know about but like in our world anyway, we our emails any platform you can set up so that it's sent by your domain rather than infusion mail or academic that's usually and the reason that is usually it's usually better for the email service provider if you do that anyway, because they want to improve their reputation as a sending company. In terms of that I face. I think why they would restrict that as a feature. Yeah, I think what yeah, I see. That's what I'm saying what I think and I could be wrong.

I think that the basic levels of most of these platforms like infusion soft aweber active campaign. Let's just use those three as an example the basic versions of them. I think don't allow you to do that. They don't allow you to to update that record that you just talked about so that you're able to even do that. I think I wouldn't if they could I don't know if they could stop you.

I don't think it's doesn't happen on their platform. Oh no way they could they could they could not give you the record that you're gonna put any data and I think what happens is then you wind up having a shared domain where everybody it's all coming from you're sharing it with other people and they say the address. That's I pay that's not domain. Well, it would all come via infusion mail for example in keep so if anyone who hasn't got a deep himself it comes it says sent via infusion mail rather than sent by your dominant. I don't look in I wouldn't I wouldn't say going upgrade your active campaign account in order to be able to do it.

I don't think got it. Okay until you like making money and like can justify and which point like you shouldn't have I'm just on the airweather sales page right now. I can't see anything about it. yeah, I was just curious because you could do branded click click tracking links in aweber a certain level. He can remove their branding at a certain so like right, so Let's see I have.

10,000 mmm predictive sending that's Among Us. so yeah like this. Custom domain you see like that's not available. Oh is that not just like when you're No sugar. No, it's not just like when you're logged in and like using active campaign.

Yeah, I mean if that's only on an Enterprise level means it's not it's not what we're talking about here the Deacon and stuff definitely not because that's like that's like the people of like, you've got to talk to sales there. Which means they're gonna make up the biggest number they can charge you in charge you that you say I think that must be something else Yeah, customize application URL. So I think that's like the login at something.paul.com or whatever rather than Access campaign.com. Yeah, yeah. cool All right, okay.

other questions, um Oh, and I only have just this work if I only have one product. or service does the opposite of that does this work if I've got a gazillion products and services? I have to be a good writer. Is that kind of like fall into line with like I was gonna say do I need to be like a good copyrighter? That's yeah.

I kind of what yeah. Yeah. It's kind of the same. So a thing. Oh, what if If my list is dead, yeah, that's great.

Yeah, somebody give them. so I have a question about that because I know you have like the you have the the the wind back the campaign or whatever you call it. So like Andre chaperone always used to say once attention is lost. It's lost forever. What do you guys think about that?

The day that we've just received is pretty interesting on that. I so I think I think once your attention has lost its lost rivers of fair comment. And the way we see the LOL campaign is that it's a and we should probably make this a bit more obvious to be honest just to set expectations. It's a last chance to bring some people back. Normal break before you unsubscribe most of them.

So like most people I'd be surprised if they can run that campaign and revive more than about 10% of the dead people. I'd be surprised in most instances. That's why Paul we call it a resuscitation things before they've completely died. It's when they're just sort of unconscious. And then you're gonna take most of them.

So if you had a list of like 600 people you might be able to bring about like 30 to 60 of them tops and then you're gonna delete the others but that you might as well have them before you delete the rest. Got it, okay. That's the first time you run it when it's running over time. You normally catch them fast enough to bring back a few more than that. So like that's usually where somebody like a lot of those subscribers disengage three years ago.

And so like they're like well gone whereas because once it's once it once it's up and running and it's Evergreen and it's perpetual and it's automated like you you're sending that to people after 60 days of them disengaging and like you've got a much higher chance of bringing those people back. Well, we received some really interesting. One we got some really interesting data from a may have asked the other day who has a better software that monitors deliverability and he was looking at Iran. He just pulled up a bunch of our emails at random and he showed us the data in a really ugly text document. That was like here's an email you sent and I've broken it down into people who engaged within the last zero seven days seven to 14 days and 15 to 30 days.

And the open the open rate and click through rates on the zero to seven days were really high and then it like fell off a cliff. Like if somebody hadn't engaged in our emails in the last seven days that open and click through rates were like through the floor. Which shows that if you want to email once a week? Like you could catastrophically killing your chances of getting people to keep opening stuff going forward. Our numbers are slightly skewed but by the fact we do email daily that like and the fact we stop emailing people if they don't engage within six days and stuff.

Our numbers are slightly a slightly skewed compared to normal people but still the engagement drops off the cliff if somebody hasn't opened an email in the last week or so and click through rates are like through the floor. How often do I have to email? There's interesting thing come up. I'm sure we've all seen it but for the last couple of weeks I've seen a million people posting on Facebook being like I've been using this AI tool and here's what it's doing isn't amazing. I've just seen the first negative one, which is David's losses just done a post about the fact that his in-house copywriter.

The ads are bringing in 295 a lead and using this new AI thing chat GPT. That's all the range is free. Right now. It's costing them five dollars 11 a lead. So it's like more than two dollars will be cheaper using his in-house copyright.

He said everything's exactly the same except the copy and he said and it's interesting. I've screenshot I'm gonna message him and ask if we can use this as an example because he said the one thing that's making that in-house copy performed better than the automated one is stories personal stories attached to the creative that AI just would ever be able to generate because it doesn't know what you did yesterday. Yeah, so this is like can I use you know, can I use I you can I use Jasper. Can I use you know, kind of not just use AI? as a question so a question another question could be Um, like how does this affect my deliverability like it could be will this make me go in the spam folder?

Will it make me stop going in this spam folder? Will it get me out of the promotions folder? Like how will it affect my deliverability? Yeah, we've definitely had a pre sales question before whether it was in support saying you teach deliverability and we answer just basically say not exactly but like deliverability is baked into everything that we do. So if you do what we do do what we teach Then you deliver better.

It'll be good. Yeah, quite like the fact that they don't have to learn how to do deliverability. They just have to do their email marketing the way we teach and it's just taking care of. Yeah. It's automatic.

Yeah. That's good. And list size deliverability content let's do the content like How do I know what to write? Yeah. there anything from that list of examples that we can like go others obviously that I'm still at the different elements for an email first and linking them together making me We got so I was gonna question.

It's our most listened to podcast episode about when to send emails. Like the best time and stuff like that. So will you show me the best time to set the the timing of the email something like that? Because people to ask around to different questions around timing basically like Just 72 hours apart, or should it can it be longer or should it be a certain time of day. So the question would be more about the question is about the mechanism.

So it's about uh, you know does like the better. The more appropriate question would be does your mechanism tell me the best time of day to send emails and the quite if it doesn't then you just don't make that claim. And it doesn't it. Basically it says you don't. Yeah, so then you just don't make that claim.

You don't even talk about it. Okay. So this is definitely a good start. Good. So if these questions you're looking for was that about a good number or does it need?

Yeah, this is a sub. This is a solid number on the more the better. Like I said because what it does is it just gives us this, you know, airtight marketing argument where we just are making claim after claim after claiming we're backing them up and where providing on a benefit to each one of these so that like you guys know right as marketers like there's gonna be people on there's gonna be people that read the campaign that the biggest thing to them is like, oh do I have to do it all by myself, right and that's gonna be the one thing like you're gonna make that one claim. You're gonna back it up you're gonna and that's gonna that there that's it their soul. Oh man.

I don't have to do this myself. Perfect. Right and then there's like one of you know, another person might be well do I need them? Their whole thing is I probably need a big email list to make this work, but then you overcame that objection. So it's like, you know, You're gonna have people that are gonna have different objections.

So the more of them you can overcome right the better the chance of them actually taking you up on the offer. So the more questions the better but this is definitely a good start like sometimes just getting the questions can take like almost a whole session. So the fact that you're able to crank these out. Um, we got one two, three, four, five six, seven eight nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 19. We got 20, which is which is definitely it's it's definitely good.

So Um when we turn these into claims, which is what we're going to do here. And we could change this at any moment during the campaign. Um, there are a couple of things that we want to keep in mind. The first thing is we always want. The most important claims to be at the beginning and at the end or that promise see recency thing, right?

So I guess we we don't have to do that. Now we could just or if you guys know off the top of your head like which one of these questions is like the most important one we can start with that question. Um, the second thing is the whole purpose of this. Is to come up with Benefits, right? Like that's what we're doing throughout this entire campaign.

It's what we're doing with the unique mechanism. It's what we're doing with the offer. We're just looking for reasons to give benefits. Um, and like I said last time we don't want to repeat benefits. So um, so we just want to make sure that if something does fall into like a similar benefit, we just grouped them together.

That's all we just we just group that we group those questions together. So off the topic your head you can you think of one maybe that's the most important to start with. If not we'll just start with this one and we can reorganize them later. Listen usually important is a big one. I think the first two and I don't know which way around they are are gonna be time and list size.

Yeah, I think Okay, anything actually do anything I'll come in on that with Kennedy is on the list size one is if these people are the new sort of customer that we've been talking about whether they're making 50 Grand a year or more. Do you think they do are more likely to have a maybe not and you think they are more likely to have a bigger list already. I don't think it matters. I think as long as we because every it's about it's not about actual. Let's say it's about perceived list size all probably things he's got a small list because he knows people and he he studies people who've got a hundred thousand five hundred thousand million people on their list.

It's all perceptive. And wherever you are, you're usually studying the people at the next Echelon anyway, so I think it's a good I think it's a good question. That's true. Yes in that case. I think it's that one in time what you think?

I'm time. Yeah, I was struggling to figure out what I thought a second one would be. That's the primary thing people leave. The membership for at least is they said they haven't got the time. Yeah, but is it the reason that they don't join?

Well, that might be a different reason dude. That's the only thing probably is that seems to come up a lot. I'm just like I'm gonna join when I've got the time I'm gonna join when I've got the time is is the thing over here. All of them don't know. Time and priority there's not much we can do about priority in this in where we are now.

But like why should this be a priority to me? I mean the understand series. I mean, we've got some good stuff for example to do with them. Is it the job of this part of the letter to is it job examples in that example's list? That's as what kind of results.

Can I expect right? I mean we can show them the difference between us making 52 Grand and making half a million. and the difference is three email campaigns this the this email engine thing is the difference between 52 Grand and 500 Grand if the only difference yeah, and that's that's the fact. So that's strong as well, but I wouldn't say it's the first roll last maybe maybe you sound like you're arguing with an MP that that's a fact. Yeah, I learned friend.

Yeah. So again, we don't we don't have to get totally hung up on this at this point because we can always after banging them out. We can always rearrange them. Right so I'm gonna say those two. So let's pick one want to start.

Let's become less size. Yeah to begin with. Okay. so Okay, so we'll pop that in. I guess the way that the answer comes from this is a bit like you see people being interviewed and they've been told to answer the question but to answer the question like it wasn't a question.

So like somebody that's them. What did you do when you were a child and instead of going I played marbles that go when I was a child and it looks dead and natural out of context. I'm assuming what we've got to do is to Do this as like at the claim is not going to be like no, you don't need a bigger. It's gonna come from a point of view of it. You don't need a correct list or whatever, correct?

Oh, maybe we should have fewer questions. Yeah. When I was filling this out when I was doing the group Loops version of this. I was thinking be great if somebody put this together, but it was all done in Google Sheets. It would Auto populate between the different sheets.

That would save you guys don't work as well. Yeah, I reckon they've got shares in copy and paste. just See, I'll stop at 10 just so we can actually start writing these things out. Sounds great. Get sales in my emails.

What if everyone unsubscribes? People are terrified of that, right? Oh my God, everyone's they're like terrified of people unsubscribing. Oh, yeah. They're gonna unsubscribe.

Yeah. Yeah. Because a lot of people use the list size of Dick measuring contest. That's the reason. Yeah.

I remember. Years ago when I when I first really got started in marketing when I was helping my friend build his business. One of the things I was doing for him was I was lining up jv's for him. I was like his JV broker so to speak so I would go on ClickBank every night and I would just go through all the different self help offers go find the offer owner send them an email set up a JV. So I I set up an email with a guy.

A guy had a list of 1.5 million people in the numerology space. And but his problem was he didn't have enough offers and my my guys were offer creation machines. So like we created a custom offer for his list. He couldn't sell any of them. Would a list of 1.5 million people he couldn't sell any 1.5 million numerology fans.

There's a lot of morons, isn't it? Yeah, yeah, they're not but they're not checking their emails. They're busy doing whatever the f*** those people did. We were speaking an event recently where she had a numerology expert on and the goal. She planned that the numerology expert would come and talk about how she grew in her business.

When neurology happened to be the niche, but instead I wasn't there but Kennedy was it turned into like a numerology demonstration. Well actually got like 300 marketing business owners to like do numerology whatever that is. I don't know how you do new biology but like to do some numerology. and like it was just it wasn't what she was supposed to talk about it. Right.

So this is how we write these things right? Like exactly like you said Rob we just say we just make the claim. You don't need a big list to make this work. So why is that? So when we when we talk about proof, um proof could be actual proof or it could be so like this is not where we would like talk about testimonials testimony.

It's like logic-based proof, isn't it? Yes. Yes a logical justification of because an answer to the question because right you don't need to make this work because why There's a couple of options one of them is the fact I don't think this is it but I just want to get them out. I think well, I think we'll use this somewhere else which is why I don't think this is it. to do with the fact basically most people most people don't I'm gonna talk most people don't make enough offers for the same products to the same bunch of people to actually make sales.

So most people will send an email about a thing and then or a few emails and then some people will buy most people would and then they'll move on to something else give up. They give up too soon. Whereas what we do in this this whole this whole system is built around selling more of the people more of the same people the same product. There's your answer. So you don't need more subscribers?

You don't need more subscribers here. There's a weird contradiction that Creeps in there a bit which is once the engines up and running. Then the only thing you have to do is drive more subscribers through it just in case that Mars. Wasn't fine. I don't know if it's the same subscribers to current.

Yeah. Current so it's every subscriber. No, keep it as current because I'm going to use the word every in a minute. I think. Okay, I'm in for each one of these.

Yeah, right we create enough. So I would guess the functional benefit is you make more money from every subscriber on your list. That might be the day. I don't know. I would guess that based on that the D would be dimensionalized benefit would be the fact that.

You're not constantly Chasing You subscribers. I'm back in the school back in there. emotional benefit you can just kind of chill out. Well you no longer worried about driving about building your email list in the car the increase in cost of traffic. Yeah, that's it.

You're not worried about that. Yeah cost of traffic. Or conversion rate of your front ends or like any of that s***. You don't remember that. Well, the other thing the proof is it's I guess it's it another way of saying that is this kind of like it's about making more sales to existing people.

It's about converting more of your existing list. Whereas some people are like, hey, I try to convert 1% of 5% of my email list. Well, like no we want to convert a significantly High a bunch of people. I don't know about that. So is that you saying that that's the proof?

so that's probably that's probably a better worded than the way I said, it's the same thing, but it's sort of like But it's about converting. more of your about converting more subscribers into customers. That's what it's about. Which is more profitable as true as well because you've already you've already acquired those subscribers. into customers All right.

Well, yeah. Well, yes, it's what I mean. Yeah. It's not just about existing subscribers. That's about every subscriber they bring in I guess.

Just a little bit Bland. No, it's just it's trying to strike the balance between because we're not saying you never have to go and build you this again, like ultimately once this is set up. The only thing you'll really want to do is play our new people into your list. But at least you'll have the most profitable way of converting them. Yes, that's a good way.

most profitable way of converting them We're basically trying to say you're already paying or working to acquire a subscriber. What we're going to do is work with you to maximize the sales and profit you make from that subscriber. Yeah. so the proof of that is but that doesn't really support this claim. I get what you're saying.

And that's definitely a benefit but I don't know that it's related to the fact that you don't need a big list to make it work. Like what if I have a list of 50 people. That's great because we'll help you convert more of those 50 people who are just subscribers into paying customers. No, I take place. You think I think it's a slightly.

It's a slight. It does prove the point, but it's a little bit. It is one step removed. I think you don't need a big list because I know maybe that is the method the method probably is. This is about Maxima.

It's not about well, if we talk about it, that's about maximizing sales to those people and maximizing. It's the same thing but in different words maximizing the amount of money you make for every subscriber. Then that means that whereas other people will need a thousand subscribers to make the same amount of money that you can make from a hundred. That's good. I've made those numbers up, but So is this the proof was just still correct?

You make more money from every subscribe on your list. You can also make more money from smaller lists because maximizing every subscriber Are you happy with the proof on that one? It doesn't sound like proof does it sounds like another claim. And I agree. It doesn't sound like proof of the preview of the claim.

It sounds like more another claim. Yeah. Okay, so you don't need a big list to make this work. The reason that it's a because this system. Yeah, it's too vague as a way of sort of become something into we need to prove that it converts more people.

You don't need to big list to make this work. You don't need a big list to make this work. because we use a series of we use this system to make twelve dollars per subscriber per month when most of the industry are scrabbling around trying to make $1 per subscriber per month. That's true. That means we're making 12 times more money.

for every subscriber in other words that's like have a list of 5,000 people in our system would give you the benefit of a list of 60,000 people somebody else's system. I'm sorry going back to what Paul had a member before which is because we use a series of campaigns to make more sales of. one one product we use a series of campaigns to make more sales of one product. two seconds guys just subscribers I should this document. So I've got my screen to it, too.

Well now you got to remember some Kennedy before you before you jump into that in this part right remember in this part of the of the argument. We're not talking about any campaigns yet. We're just talking about all of this stuff. We're talking about the strategies of the mechanism. That's what this is this this campaign argument is about the mechanism not about the Overture campaign or the LOL campaign.

It's about these. strategies that we outlined in the unique mechanism so how does actors prove okay, because you don't need anything else to build this work because real quick when I am when we when we actually write out the copy at the end. I like to be specific and using the um name instead of saying like this system. So I'm just popping that in here now as a reference so that when we come up with the name, we just go and insert it. So we're constantly repeating the mechanism name, okay.

Could it be around the fact that? basically I think I think everyone would concur that generally speaking as your list gets bigger. It does that the performance of it doesn't scale. So like basically big lists mean difficult deliverability lower engagement. It's harder to build a relationship with those people.

It's hard to talk to them individually and in their own thing. What we're what we talk about is taking a small list, but turning them into raving fans who want to buy everything. You've got an open every email because they're obsessed with you rather than having a massive list of people who vaguely who vaguely you know, lift their head when you send them an email. Yes, I think we can use words like massive and stuff. We can't put numbers on it because everyone's got their own personal perspective of massive.

So all of his 10,000 list is looking at somebody with a hundred thousand personal 100,000 of the person with three million like I think that's a good way of getting around the what is massive thing as well. Yeah. So massive massive lists just become difficult to manage. and have slashed engagement in a big listeners work because larger lists are tougher to keep engaged expensive to manage Yeah, oh, it's not. So would you say that?

Would you say that this mechanism could we say that it's actually designed for smaller lists. We're gonna be careful with saying smaller because I don't think you would consider your list to be small, but you're the perfect Prospect for the league. But it is designed. to make the most sales it's going about that thing. We said before actually maybe we've undone the right work because it's specifically designed.

The problem with the problem with the more sales from us from every subscriber thing is it actually doesn't solve the problem of a small list. It still says. Okay great. Let's imagine I'm currently making five dollars per subscriber and with your system. I'm going to make 50 that means I'm a hundred dollars is a hundred subscribers is gonna take me from $50 to 500.

But if I had a hundred thousand subscribers, That would still that would mean in theory. I would go. Will go back to the main claim which is about doubling. The sales that is still the same problem. So if we're actually trying to prove the claim of doubling the money, okay, that's it doubling.

The subscribers doesn't make you do it to double your subscribe to W Revenue. You don't have to double your subscribers. You just have to make more money. You have to do all the money. You're making from the subscribers.

You've got. That's easy. That's it. That's the one. But is that proof?

until how Well, we're going to make a more concern. We're gonna make a more. Well, you can what you could say is this right? Because to double your Revenue you could double theoretically you could double your Revenue if you doubled your subscribers, you could double your Revenue if you double the amount that you get from each of your subscribers, you could there's lots of ways to double your Revenue. Right?

What we could say is that uh, we could say just that like there are lots of ways to double your Revenue this unique mechanism focuses on doubling your Revenue by doubling the amount that you make per subscriber as opposed to doubling the amount of your subscribers, like other words, we don't have to say but you don't need to double your subscribers, but we could just say that this mechanism doesn't rely on that approach, right? It's like jabram 101. There's only three ways to grow a business get more customers increase transaction frequency or increase transaction size, right? This is the same thing. You can either increase the amount of subscribers that you're getting right which is essentially getting more customers or you can increase the purchase frequency, which is what you guys are focusing on.

Right. Yeah, that's the benefits of that are it's more profitable because you've already paid to acquire that subscriber. So rather than going out and spend another eight dollars to acquire another subscribe or another 8,000 to acquire another 8,000 subscribers. You can just make that money from the people you've already got. Yeah, it's more.

It's a more profitable way of doing it. And then we don't have to even mention smaller lists. We could just say regardless of your list size. Yeah. So you could argue that.

You shouldn't try and build your list more until you've got this in place. Absolutely. That's a fact. Yeah. wow fact Just frequency.

Yeah, we could change that, but I'm just Just getting it out. Yeah, yeah. Okay, double unsubscriber value by increasing purchase frequency rather than increasing listens. There we go. It's by increasing conversion.

Isn't it? Like it's increasing how many people go from subscriber into actual customer. That's what it does. I mean like I think that's we could expand on it. But like to me that's the proof.

That's the proof right, you know, like if you said that to me like Paul you don't need a big list to make this work and I said really how's that you would just say this it's because this method focuses on doubling subscriber value by increasing conversions rather than increasing list size, so it's not about this size. Yeah. So you do something in that in the fde to do with the fact this is about this is more profitable. Because you don't have the outlay that I lies benefit, isn't it? So the functional benefit is basically f&amp;d combined right now, which is you make more money from the subscribers.

You've already got it means you don't have to chase off the new subscribers dimensionalized benefits. This is more profitable because you don't have to pay or work. Yeah. Save it again Robert. It's more profitable because your you don't have if you basically you've already paid for the subscriber.

You've already worked for this you've already paid or worked to get the subscriber you've got so you can increase the money you make from them more profitably than going and buying more subscribers. And then when you do buy more subscribers, obviously. We'll come on to that. Okay. So the claim here would be you do not need to.

you can say we could word this as you do not need to constantly broadcast your email list. We could say this does not require you. either either or Just on this one you like that. I'm from consistently to constantly I think that's but that that needs to be a distinguish thing here because these emails gonna go out consistently like they're gonna be every day from this this mechanism. but this is about sitting down gonna jump in on this anyway, because I know I said it in that video and I think it makes sense in that context if we were gonna because of what we're selling with it in the context of the League.

What we actually do want them to do is to hang around and become members for life and sort of continue to want to send emails after the initial what we what we think covers the engine, but if we expand the definition of the engine to be what it is in the roadmap, that is actually It is part of it. So yeah, maybe maybe we need one for the purposes of this claim. Sorry for the purposes of this offer whether actually that's trying to sell them out of what we ultimately want them to do. That's true. Yeah, I think we probably addicts that as part of it.

So can we say this or yeah, let's take that one out. Okay. Because ultimately we actually want to build a tribe of members who love emailing now this rather than people who are worried about it. Yes. All right, so I'll take one.

I'll take one from down here. How quickly will I see results? We'll do this one. Do I have to Do what all myself. Okay, so what would that claim be?

So there's a bunch of ways we could do this one of them the way we would overcome that just They're not alone on on doing it because it's like very much like we do it with you. Like it's a community. Everyone's doing it together. We give you two group coaching calls a month where we advise you on it. Yeah, that's true.

Yeah, okay. Yeah, I would suggest that. so there's two ways to do it one is we've made this. Basically, this is easy. So even if this is easy, so you can do yourself.

However, you could just as easily give this system to a virtual assistant and have them like or somebody on your team and have them do it for you. So the claim is that it's our the claim is that it is. Like a repeatable a repeatable thing that you could just give to somebody else to install and Implement for you. Yeah, I mean having said that this is where the Plug and Play element comes in. Oh, yes.

That's the offer as well, isn't it? Yeah, so yeah, so all of these again, all of these questions are about these things right what we're telling them to do here. Right all of these guys, I guess you could you could pay somebody else to do the system for you. As long as you know, but you have to just know what the system is. Now it works.

Hmm. I'm not sure if like. I don't know. Do you guys think this would be like a like a real question that people would ask like I think it's probably a question of the offer rather than of the sister of the uniquely. I agree.

Okay, so let's skip that one. And take it out in that box as well as we don't have the conversation again. Next time be like, what are we doing about that? Yeah, yes. That's a good that's a good distinction are these questions people would ask of the system the unique mechanism or of the offer that's definitely an offer mechanism.

Great. all unique mechanism, so you want to review them again real quick and just make sure That their applicable to the unique mechanism and not the offer. So time definitely is techwizard definitely is business is fine. Sales in my emails. Yeah.

Unsubscribes. Yeah Quickly, we'll see results. Yeah, I guess it probably is. Yeah, so they're all good. Yeah, I think that's probably fine.

Okay, so it already become obvious when we try and do them. I think yeah. This is where I left off. All right. Is it complicated?

so the um Is I mean, it's I mean here's the thing is yeah, it's not complicated. Because it's designed specifically to be very linear. so how we put it into words, but basically if you look at compared to something like the um of the machine not the product of the machine below the um of the machine. Like there's like if this happens to do this and if that happens to do that, you mean we've all seen it. It's complicated s***.

This is very linear and it was designed to be specifically linear. Wasn't it? Because our brains are simple. How do we state that? So we've intentionally stripped out.

The complication we didn't want to end up with our subscribers being lost in a tangled Spaghetti Junction spider web thing. So the proof of that is that it's it's a linear. you do this thing and they go into this thing and they go into this thing like that's the price that system Maybe framework process the approcess. Yeah system a process. I think it is.

where subscribers move from one thing to a next in a logical flow rather than like, what's the like? How could we word this rather than like you said where you've entered this this tagging nightmare where yeah, it's like yeah, rather than like a decision Diamond nightmare. Yeah, I was thinking like a something of of condition, you know, like a a web of confusing conditional logic. Yeah. There you go.

Save it again a web of confusing conditional logic. confusing confusing conditional logic if you want some of that go by response week. Because you definitely do that one there if you want. Yeah, all right. So the features of that depends where I want to go with this because There's a positive as in.

as an away from us towards if you're trying to troubleshoot something. So one of the things is you know where every person is, you know that you can be pretty confident that they're not falling through the gaps. You know that It has a problem. You can quite you can much eat more easily. Go and troubleshoot the engine compared to we'll caught the engine for now.

That's what about a neighborhood but compared to like other Solutions, I guess. the other good thing about it being step by step is I guess this is not enough that's about being modular and What do you think Rob do you think it's to do with that? I'm just trying to think where this fits in the floor, but all before I met my answer. I'm just trying how it would if I was just saying it. it's a linear step by step process by subscribes me from one step to the next logical floor run through a weather confusing additional logic, which means that yeah, I think it's it's it's easy to see where every subscriber or because I've been playing with this in the last couple days with the with other bits of this the other bit to that is because they might they might go and It's either what you just said, which is they know where every subscriber is.

They can see what's going on or they know that every subscriber is seeing exactly the right emails about exactly the right things exactly the right time. To have the highest impact and get the greatest conversions. Yeah. Yeah, but that's not that doesn't support the complicated that supports more of like a predictability of claim. It doesn't sound nothing complicated clean.

Oh in that case. It's easy to build and analyze. Okay. So you can do more of what works. That's good.

You can do more. But again, that's not to deal with right. So what does that look like? What does that mean? It means they just simply log into their email sending platform and do what we tell them to do.

Like what does that look like? I guess. on screen it looks like Looks like a flipping straight line rather than a Spaghetti Junction, I guess so. You can means when you log in you can easily follow a subscribers Journey. through your yeah, or just journey, I guess and You can not only that but you can also the problem with when they're complicated and this might be a different claim I guess but the problem of being complicated is making any changes is really difficult with those whereas this you can add in a new campaign.

You can take one out that you want to switch out like you can do all of that stuff because it's really really simple So that goes here it's easy to build analyze and and modify and change no changes much more simple word. Yeah. He sorry. So when you log into your email platform you're not. Looking maybe it's you're not worried about breaking everything.

Don't worry twice. What do I have that you know worried to know in chunk one above? That's about worry? You're not worried about things like the cost. Yeah, but not being worried, uh is fine as long as it's diff as long as it's a different thing that they're not worried about.

So like oh you're talking about cost of traffic again over here. That would be repetitive understood. Okay. so like you made your primers angry because you you said in the wrong stuff on? I because you accidentally triggered the wrong.

the wrong emails Yeah, is that right or no? Yeah. yeah, so for the dimensionalized one when you log in email platform your Like for me what that would look like is when I saw I'll tell you now and I you know, I made this mistake with Infusionsoft and then when I left infusion soft and I started from scratch. With active campaign. I was like, oh, I'm not gonna make this mistake again.

And I did the same f****** thing, which is I created a thousand campaigns or in active campaign. They call them automations. Yeah, so when I log in to my thing, I just see like All of these freaking automations and I'm like, oh this and like the other day somebody wrote in because um, I was you using deadline funnel for a while and then I stopped using it. Um, and then I forgot to update links links. Yeah, and I got people writing in that are getting follow-up emails that didn't buy my upsell that I like.

This is just taking me to a deadline funnel page blah and I'm like the same thing. So it's like that. It's that feeling of when you log in and you just get overwhelmed by seeing this gigantic Tech mess like this Maze of things that people go through and you're not sure what path they're supposed to be on or if that path as the opposite of that is when you log in and you even said I'm not form you're seeing a really nicely organized email and system which is a system where you know where you're confident, you know where everything is and what we're doing what it's it's really clear this real Clarity around what's where and why About what is where and why I like that. Yeah. nice Clarity that's a nice new sort of.

Emotion kind of thing is not like that. Yeah, I put it in one of the fdas and the other thing. Oh nice. cool beans Okay, just replace my existing email marketing. Yes this completely replaces.

Your email the email marketing you're doing basically. Yes, and that's a good thing. Because you have to do that as well as this. Yeah. So is that we're gonna say this this will completely replace your existing email marketing.

Yeah. You think that's gonna create more resistance? Well, the question is this the question that we always ask is does it support this? Does the claim support that thesis and not okay in this case it does yeah. We could say in the country.

We're gonna copyright this, you know, this reinvents your email marketing or something, I guess. But yeah, it does replace things as name of marketing. You don't want to do like the s*** stuff and the good stuff because that's gonna be a nightmare. Yeah. so it's one of those things we're doing what you've doing what you're currently doing has got you to where you are.

If you want to double your Revenue, you've got a drastically do something different. Yeah, I'm just trying to think of the context of the way. This question is asked because typically Gap questions. We call it a gap question because this is the question that's forming a gap between Where they are and them believing the thesis and then wanting to take us up on the offer. And so if replacing email marketing is generally something that people don't want to do and that's causing a gap.

um I'm not sure. If we should talk about that. um Yeah, I don't know for asking that in a negative sense. Like oh my God. Am I gonna have to like tear up everything?

I've already done. Well, that's that's the context. That's that's why we would be that's why we would be putting this here in it's yeah, we don't want to raise that. We don't erase that. The only time we do raise that is in the positive sounds we will go.

Oh my God, does that mean I don't have to do any of this other b*******. So I just you know, I think the better question is not not this this replace my existing email marketing because that term my existing email marketing is very subjective like that could mean a lot of things that could mean does that mean does that does that mean I change the way I write my emails as it mean I change the frequency does it mean I change my campaigns? So maybe it's a different question that we should be asking here like You know, does this require me to? Start all over again. Uh or that and that could be more tied to like a work question.

Does this involve a lot of work? Yeah, maybe we skip it and move on the next one. Okay. Do I need to be a good writer? good news No.

You don't have to be a world-class. There's two bits to this isn't there about being a good copyright versus being a good writer? I realize earlier when we discussed whether or not they were the same thing and I think in this case, they don't need to be either because of what because of what in the offer but also because of the way the mechanism works it's more about the campaign structures than the wordsmithing similar to the E5 way really would you agree wrong? Yeah. Okay.

Well, it depends actually because the way that we argue you don't have to be a good writer full stop is to do with is to do with the fact that good writers, you know, like could academically good writing makes terribly emails. Yeah. That's one point. Whereas a bit like what Paul said before about the fact that we're not going to use like clever intelligent copyrighting to prove a point. It's like to like try and persuade somebody we're going to use just logical arguments backed up and well written It's a bit like that like you do a bit of both, but don't because we look at the campaign workshops.

And I'm just think about in the actual deliverable your further further down. We do unpack the psychology of the exact phraseology. So we need we're just not about but equally we're not kill a copyrighters. So like there's a So here's the thing, right? people that don't know how to write copy.

right The question that they're gonna ask is do I need to be a good writer. Okay people that do know what copywriting is. They may not necessarily be good at it. They're gonna ask a different question. They're gonna ask do I need to be a good copywriter?

Right because the way the the example that Rob just gave about how like, you know academic writing makes for bad copyrighting like most copyrighters know that already they know that but people that don't know about copywriting don't know that so I think the writer and the copywriter are actually two very different questions. Yeah. So like do I need to be a great do I need to be a pro copy right? That could be a different so Yeah, and ninja copyright sales copyright. Yeah.

Okay. Yeah, they could be different questions. Okay, that helps me because I think the argument is different so you don't have to be a good copyright. It's a right good emails. It's a different.

It's a different thing. yeah, because yeah, yeah because this really writing a few hundred words at a time like yeah. So what's the question that you would do you want to break it up into choose? We'll break it into so why don't we replace the earlier on that we skipped. With the copyrighter one.

This one. Yeah. Well, I need to be a good copyright. We want to just say a good copywriter or an expert copywriter or Do you want to make those two things quite different or you want is it okay at the same? What you things?

Sorry the good writer and the good copy right now others. Is it okay if they're pretty much identical but apart from the words copyright and writer or do they need a sound quite different? um for me, I didn't eat something different but Unless you unless they're so fast spread apart. Yeah, it's gonna have their present I guess. Yeah, we can go back and always we could Spruce it up later.

Of course. It could be in the flow of a page. You don't need to be a great copyright because proof benefits Etc. In fact, you don't even have to be good at writing. That's what I was thinking.

You have to be a good writer. Because yeah, you could like link them I guess. Yeah. There you go. Okay.

Big a copywriter. Yeah. the proof is yeah, I'm listening. Most of copyrighters we've got in the league of s***. No and this jump we'll get to case studies later.

haha This guy can't write his own name. Yeah. Todd something is called um funny. Let's think. so why don't you not be a good copywriter, I guess because I keep going into the offer rather than mechanism.

That's why basically like is it something to do with the fact that like cop copyright is generally are right in long form Pages videos, like typically the right response. with this you only have to you only have to write a few hundred words at a time to prove one point one email one point. one thing is it is it is it that the problem is if they read that they're cool. I'll just go do that then. Look, you got to know what to write.

No, maybe that is a good point. You don't need to be a good copy. I mean we are not the way we currently do. That is we would go the proof would be we are not good copyrighters. We've hire other people to do like complicated copyright and stuff and pin thousands.

Yeah. But if that's sufficient proof. Because the answer of that in terms of the product like the offer itself. Is that they get? the the emails to copy and paste right?

That's actually the ultimate and reason that they don't need me to copyrighted but I don't know what it is in terms of the mechanism. That's where I'm struggling. Or maybe it's what Rob said before that. It's not based on. it's based more on the types of campaigns that you send over and yeah, well in this case not the campaigns, but it's based on the steps that you follow.

Right the strategy that you follow as opposed to the tactics that you employ in the emails. I mean, I don't know, you know, I don't know. I I suppose I don't okay time at the same time. You can't utilize all these strategies and then in every email just tell people to go f*** themselves. Like, you know what to write in the house, right?

I don't want to use that as a seat only use that as a cool new action though and even yeah go f*** yourself. We could make that the unsubscribe link. Yeah. I don't want to. I don't want to keep coming back to that.

Or maybe this is the maybe this isn't one to do then because that sounds like a cop-out but like Yes, I suppose Kennedy's up. Kennedy's point would be that because what we teach is the psychology the psychological way to write a minute. We teach the psychological way to write great emails like how every word and everything makes a difference. Oh, so maybe the proof Point that's the offer again is because we teach you how to be how to do that. So that's the problem.

That's what's coming on to the thing about the offer is we're gonna teach you how to become a good email copyright. I guess there's a difference being a good copyright and a good email copyrighted, but then they would say well, I'm not gonna email copyright. That's still doesn't fit here. Yeah. How does that work?

Then? If it's if the point is that the objection is the exact thing that you teach which is why they're on the page in the first place. Then what's possible is? It could be missing from here. Um It could be this it could be that you use storytelling more than you use copywriting.

Yes, that works kinda well, no, it does again if we're going to adjust the full. on again depends how married you are to the psychological bit I suppose. The thing is one of our major deliverables is unpacking the psychology. Of every email. Yeah, that's once they're in.

If you look in in the actual deliverables, we've listed the psychology is not even f****** mentioned anywhere in any of the other. So I'll say an earlier is it we want it to be we'll have to go back and add it it's not in the it's not in the road map thing that's mapped out there nor is it in any of the functional the fdes of any of them? Yeah. hmm So I think our psychology angle is is strong for a couple of reasons one. It's something unique that we bring to it because of our background.

Secondly. I know when mullery first saw the existing salespersonally he was like, ooh psychology based. I like that. Let me ask people why they like us why they join our stuff to like we want the psychology behind how it works. I think the psychological pull is strong.

I agree in that case in that case. We have to scrap the idea that you don't have to be a good copyrighter when it comes to the mechanism and when it comes to the product, we're going to teach you how to become a good cop email copyright. Yeah, actually you have to not be good. Well, if you're a great copyright already, you probably don't need this. Well, that's not true because you need the you won't have the structures and can be automation stuff.

Okay. So, how do we flip that right I've written tons of copy and I told you my email my email marketing sucks. So not I bet it's not because that I bet it's not because you don't know how to write a good email again. It's the Frameworks and structures and stuff. I think that we probably remove the copyrighter one from this bit and make a note of it to come back to it and use it as part of the offer bit.

And for this bit we're going to talk about not being good writer until about not being a good writer because you don't have to be I'm not a good writer. Kennedy's not a good writer. You don't have to be good right? Because the emails don't have to be academically. Yeah, they're not written to to please your English teacher are they emails that are hard to write a hard to read?

That's a good phrase. like that sentence emails that are hard to write. to read Yeah. you maybe we can put like relies on writing simple emails. Yeah.

I do that not just involve it like if we can relies on its pivotal do it. Yeah. Simple emails what if it's like to do with that we want we show you how to write how you talk. So if you can talk you can write. Simple conversational emails.

Yeah. So that's actually sounds like a functional benefit. So like a hunter so like let's see something here. Well so hard, you know. So like because as I'm reading this this seems more like a functional benefit.

And the proof could just be that and you know, I don't know if this is true or not. You you know, you tell me based on what we're saying here is that you know you teach people how to write simple conversational emails. The proof could be that The unique mechanism just doesn't involve complicated emails, right like in my persuasive speakology course, which is like a course that teaches people how to speak more persuasively. One of the questions was do I have to memorize Scripts? Right and the claim was you don't have to memorize any sort of scripts and the proof is the unique mechanism doesn't include any scripts.

Like that's the proof. There are no f****** scripts in the mechanisms, right? Okay. Well, I need to remember any. Yeah, yeah.

I mean that's good proof is like yeah, this thing is absent. What's the what's the proof of that? It doesn't exist. Great not getting any you know, yeah. Neurology is b*******.

What's the proof? It's b*******, right? Yeah. Doesn't require you. Do we not need to prove that factor was that as I enough proof?

Um Let's come back to that in a second and let's let's focus on this and then I think we can come sometimes when we go through the fde. It's easier to come up with the proof since sometimes we gotta like going in reverse a little bit. So the functional benefit is that the um relies on writing simple conversational emails, right? That's like the functional benefit of that you write simple conversational emails, right? Okay.

Right. So what's the dimensional line is benefit of that look like so like what? You know, they sit down at the computer and what they're not stressed out about I guess. I don't know. So just sounds like the same thing then.

Well, let me ask you a question right This this term good writer again. That's kind of a subjective term like some people think a good writer means that you use proper grammar and so punctuation and someone if it was a good writer means that you're creative. What if it was writing good emails becomes basically with this with this method? Writing good emails becomes no more complicated than sending a text message to your friend. That's nice.

That's right. Same tune. Then like, you know sending your friend a WhatsApp message. Yeah. I mean one of the other things is that by doing that it becomes Faster by the way as well like because you're not thinking about any make these long word things like There's that part of this as a different separate thing if you could write out.

the functional thing is that simply simple, you know short conversationally emails or something short simple conversational email that sort of implies that they're going to be simple. Maybe two don't yeah. I think if we put done it long to send I would say. That's what has more outcome. emotional stuff is I'm just thinking about removing like that sort of stress of like, oh my God.

I need to try and freaking find some. You know skills within me and I'm really frustrating and I'm really nervous about writing an email. Is that something to do with removing that? Well, what do you think? Rob from unit Yeah, Richard just going.

I'm just trying to make sure there's no immediate repetition so that each bit adds something to the previous bit. What's your suggestion? it was about removing that sort of complication No like that, you know that when you sit down to write and you're not free, you're not very good at that, but you're going I need to just bash this out. So like So, is it the confidence he can just send an email out and it'll be it'll do its job. Or is it more about?

Because you that the way you describe that it sounds like knowing what to write. Whereas this not really the benefit of this the benefit of this is to do with ease right Yeah, so I'll do with writing style you right you write authentically like you write the way that you write you just have all you have to do is right turn up right the way that you write and we'll take care of the rest. It's all right, the way you speak basically the right the right in. Yeah. What's that then?

You can just be yourself. Again, this does make way for the people who are academic writers and like their emails to be very formal and proper. That's fine. Like if that's how you write. That's how you should write.

So we're not ruling anybody out here. We're just saying. Because emails yeah hard right hard to read people who believed them writers. They find academic writing very easy. So it's not it still works.

It's expected as well as in that Niche. So, um, one of the emotional benefit is like you about I like that authenticity bit like you get to authentic you get to write email that are authentic and genuinely sound and feel like you so they're not experiencing like imposter syndrome or yeah. You don't feel like you've suddenly turned into. You know the salesperson. I can try to be your most authentic self.

Just want to keep it positive. It's like you feel it. You're being the most authentic self and showing up as as you or something. What's the opposite of that like rather than like? I don't know.

Being a phony or yeah. Well there being a phony salesperson. or feeling like yeah. like a Yeah the first person. Cool.

All right, so Looking at time. I know you. So we could say something like the the um is a based on. convertations rather than right based on what about if the um is based on conversational toned emails of a conversational tone? Like yeah, what I'm trying to express here is that like it's not about writing the emails are not about writing.

They're just there about speaking. And conversing not writing. That's the proof like you don't have to be a good writer because there it doesn't focus on writing it focuses on conversations, right? I'm trying to express that somehow. I want to read.

like um You know, like when people ask me about like E5 like oh, what's the difference between E5 and like, you know, this guy's version of a copyrighting or whatever. I say like the differences education versus exaggeration. Right or education versus exclamation most people use exaggerated claims to try to cover up the fact that they're not really talking about anything. So they're just using hyperbolic bloated copy would adverbs and adjectives to make it sound like it's more than what it is. Whereas we just use Simple education educating them on how the mechanism is different and Superior to competitors.

Right? So like You know. That that's like what I would say about E5 if I was saying this and somebody said like oh in order for me to write an E5 campaign do I need to be a good copywriter? What I would say is no because the E5 is not about writing. It's about education not copyrighting.

Okay. So what if you want to say what it what if it's the unique mechanism is based on simple simple emails like connect with people. Okay. There you go. On simple emails that connect with people is that proof though.

Was that just another claim? um people by writing the way you speak. That's proof now, I think. I mean another another bit of proof. It's kind of about us.

It's not massive might not be helpful. But and the fact that I'm dyslexic and I do this kind of might help us well. Like, you know, if you're a good writer, I certainly am not. You could talk about that in your credibility statement. Okay.

Cool. All right, we'll get to that. All right. Do you want us to look at the time and I know you're already over time. Do you want us to work on the rest of this between now and yeah if you could do that.

Just work on it as much as you can. And send it to me in the interim and like I said, you know, even with the other stuff, like worst case scenario. You don't get it done. We'll do it on the next call. You know what I mean?

Cuz sometimes this is what you need man. You just need like an old dialogue where you just bounce stuff off of and and just get a different set of eyes on stuff, you know. And sometimes that's what it takes. I've sat down and tried to do these things from my own stuff sometimes by myself. And it's painful, but nobody there to tell you now.

That's just another claim. No that that functional benefit doesn't support your claim that proof, you know, so we need to finish this up on the next call we could do that. Okay. up to you guys All right, cool. And you feel see how you feel with it.

And if you feel like you want to just it's gonna take another call to bless through it. We'll do it on the next call. It's all good. Okay. All right.

Great. Rob any other bits? No, I think that's good. Yeah, this is really interesting how this all might becomes the copied. I think this is a really interesting process.

Yeah, when I'm now my next call I'll show you on that. I just did for I actually wound up writing the campaign for the guy because he was one of the on a second.
