---
title: "E5AA - Kennedy 2023-01-09 14:59:10"
date: 2023-01-09
duration: 1h 30m
duration_seconds: 5414
vimeo_id: 787630315
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# E5AA - Kennedy 2023-01-09 14:59:10

**Date:** 2023-01-09 | **Duration:** 1h 30m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey, dude. What's going on man? How are you? I'm great. How are you?

Good man. How was your weekend? It was good. Although I've got my first ever proper sporting injury from my tire yesterday. I landed a kick and then something went popping my in my calf.

So I'm limping around a little bit. I'm working out though. Do you stretch before you train? Yeah long you do they do all of that like as part of the class anyway, so yeah. ah A yeah, so just one of those things one of those things of they said it's because you heading towards 40 hours like Jesus Christ.

Didn't you say you just got? Yeah, just got back in with again. Yeah, so how much class was that? How many? Oh, that was first one back.

Okay. So yeah, so a lot of times it's just your body is not used to those movements, you know, like I am When I first started Jujitsu so Jujitsu is grappling. Yeah, and a lot of it is you're on your back and you're using your legs to control your opponent. And so when I first started I mean for like the first really six months like my hips my quads my my hamstrings they were always so sore and now like it doesn't matter how hard I train there never saw but I did I've been using kettlebells. And I started doing like lunges.

And I've never done lunges in my life, right so waking up on Saturday my glutes my hamstrings like I couldn't even move just because it's a different muscle group. Yeah. Yeah, it's really amazing. So hey, ho I'm gonna go for a I've booked a personal like a one-to-one session with him like next week just to get back in the game a bit faster. Yeah, have you been icing it?

I've been doing both. I've been doing ice and hot ice and hot just to give it a bit of but actually it seems to be that the one I'm resting. It seems to be giving it the best and then just stretching it afterwards rather than constantly. Putting it through anything. So I'm just kind of figuring out what's working with it.

So yeah. All right, like when you hurt your leg like that, it's actually not kicking the opponent. It's actually the microbiome and yes, then you got that's the real cause of what causes your leg to. Thinking sorry. It was very witty Robert.

That's interesting. Right? Amen. Like I said, those guys are getting I spoke to them actually last week There's they're still up to like 60% on. They're opt-in rate is 60% for people to learn about that idea great, isn't it?

So I had an idea for you guys. So I don't know if it's a good idea before we get into it. Can I just share and basically Todd dmed me was like Tell me about unique mechanism. I was like, okay. So I was I was out.

I said Rob can you shoot because he was like do on a video so like you can just like go free form. I was like, okay Rob you do this. So we sent a little video like five and a half minutes of Rob chatting on about this score method things. You want to make sure you wanted to see how the score method. Versus psych sequencing which one's the primary unique mechanism Todd's reply.

I'm not gonna try and do his voice. I'll grow a beard really quick. I'm gonna just do it in my voice, right? From So based on his explanation So based on Rob's explanation. I will view the score method as the primary unique mechanism.

I will present score as the reason why your email campaigns are so effective at producing sales. You create score campaigns which work on from a variety of persuas of psychological angles in a particular order when it comes to how you string together score campaigns to create sequences. This is why I didn't reduce psych sequencing which is how your sequences are able to convert such a high percentage of various avatars into buyers. Okay, so that sounds like where we were going. Yeah.

Yeah, so I'll just I'll paste that into I don't know MSN Messenger or somewhere. I know I somewhere. Um, I'll put it into our chat so you can see What the Oracle hath said, there we go. Yeah, hold on one second. I just said actually I'm about to go into accelerate.

I'm eating now. I'm going to read this out to the guys. So Right. I see a top of me stop over. I've got me airpods in so I'm still fully participating.

You top up your wall. your car I didn't catch up. hold on makeup of tea Hold on one second. Okay, let's see. Did you say you pop that in the chat Kennedy?

Yeah, it's it. Sorry. It's in our am slack chat with Rob you and I got you. Okay, just so it doesn't disappear at the end of the conversation. Got it.

Okay. Good review campaigns are so effective at reducing sales create score campaigns, which were all right in particular order when it comes to how you strong to your store. Okay. This is where I would introduce sexual thing which is how you sequences are able to kind of various avatars into buyers Got it. So.

question that I have is um is this would you say it's more related to would you say psych sequencing is more related to what Todd said, which is the fact that you're able to convert various types of avatars. or is it because psych sequencing leverages those things that you told me about which are like reasons why people might not buy like timing and these other things that aren't necessarily related to the Avatar, but they're related to outside circumstances that affect Whether or not somebody buys something. So I think there's a crossover between the two. Yeah, that's where I was at. It's like they appealed different people in different ways.

So you can you convert. Yeah, you do convert maximum numbers of people. That's because I don't understand what Rob was going to say, but because these big and the reason because of that and so why that works is because people buy for different reasons, for example, the timing of the well, yes, the way I would describe is that I wouldn't say if you take Avatar to name 40 year old retired nurse who's looking to start online business versus man using environment just I don't think it's that definition of Avatar, but I think it's the fact that and If you look at if you look at your thousand subscribers who might be made up of some of those types of people plus different people plus some people who are so fast both in them. They have different personality traits. For example Kennedy.

I quite similar in lots of ways, but totally different characters in many ways. The thing that will get me to buy something is likely to be very different from nothing it Kennedy advice something but like demographically we're very similar where entertainers who are in our mid thirties Kennedy late thirties, but you know, we'll let them have mid 30s. We are from the northeast of England. We are straight white male. So like Avatar wise you can't get much closer than me and Kennedy but like the psychic Graphics of it are quite different.

So I think it's it's different different types of people within the same amount of different avatars will buy stuff for slightly different psychological reasons, but I think I don't think it's a I think it's a long we don't use the one hour anyway, but so something that's an issue. But yes, so for me, it's like a bridge between the two. It's not exactly different ads as traditional marketing definition of what an avatar is and but it it is the fact that different different types of people buy for different reasons and also different times. It's quite a transient thing. So there are definitely times where Kennedy wouldn't buy something.

But then later on at a different phase of his life a different time of his life at a different mindset when he's had some realization suddenly, you might buy something so it's not it's not necessarily about that person will never buy for this reason. It's at this moment in time was going through that that person didn't get the messaging they want. Let's try something different. Got it. Okay.

Kennedy would you agree? Yeah. I think yeah, it's exactly that. It's it's the fact yeah, it's the you and me thing. It's the you know, you might be it's different psychological motivators, isn't it?

So it's like Rob might buy because it's you because he he enjoys the novelty of newness and and Novelty and that kind of thing whereas I might it's not strictly true, but there's an example I might buy because it saves me time. And because it's really been tried and tested pretty much the opposite of new. Yes. Like I've always been the person who will like I I'll jump on the Challenger bank and put all of my money in the Challenger Bank. Where's Kennedy?

Took quite a long time to say actually, I'm gonna move from a High Street Bank to a challenger bank. So again same demographic, but we would join the different regions. Got it. Okay, so um that to me sounds like your big idea. Right the way that you just explain that to me was a little long.

Yeah, but I think if we shorten that I think that's that's a good starting point for your big idea that there are so the things that you just named like those different reasons why people buy if I remember correctly, you said you've identified some of the top main ones or no? You haven't no we haven't we could you could like go. Okay. What are they and we can list them out. We can figure them out.

Okay, so could they become I think as long as you talked about or identified things that people haven't heard before that would make it a big idea. Okay. Okay, so I'm thinking I'm gonna just type some s*** to myself here because obviously the things that people have heard before are like the obvious stuff whereas if if we said, you know to do with New versus tried and tested. Yeah, see that's new. I think.

Yeah, that's new. Okay new versus Triple tested. There is one there's one interesting thing actually about it, which is when you think about this what actually does I'm gonna switch back. I'll probably microphone. Otherwise, there's no point there.

I suppose actually that's just think about it for a second. I'm not sure. That that's sort of thing. Is actually what we do what we actually probably do. So think about hours for a second people join our list.

They go through the get to know you sequence lovely, then they send them then we send them an overture sequence, which is just a very direct sales campaign. There's not much to talk about there. Let's move on so they go through that the next thing that happens. Well, the people that appeals to let's talk about the people who appeals to though. that's the people who are like I call them the Urgent buyer.

That's the person he's got a problem. And you know, they they're in the emergency room their legs hanging off this Blood flying everywhere. You don't want the doctor to go. Let's segment you and find out, you know, let's build rapport and nurture you f***. No so that, you know put something on the on the wound and stop the guy dying so That's that psychology, isn't it?

Yes, but now let's imagine that we were the best example I can give you this is now a daisy chain. Let's imagine that our content campaign was a daisy chain the actual pitch for the offer. Is the same it's you get these you get these you get one of the actual pitch what they're actually buying is the same the only bit that's different. isn't It's the hook. It's the opening bit.

Yeah, but typically it's it's actually not necessarily about selling now, I think about it. It's not necessarily about selling it different people at different times in our case. It's actually more about giving them something that makes the penny drop for them. So like suddenly they go. Oh my God, the Penny's just dropped I now and you know, when you we get on a hotline call, we explain something to go.

Oh four you've just said the one thing that makes this all makes sense to me now. We we are think our email marketing actually creates that for people so we're gonna keep we're gonna keep talking at you. We're gonna keep shot. This one thing perspectives this one thing until at some point the penny drops and you go. Oh my God this can work for business like mine or you know, whatever that the big reason for not buying in the first fish or have got the time to do this.

Oh, I can do this with hundreds of subscribers. All right. Well, that's how it works. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense.

Let me just run that. Yeah, because our whole thing is we talk about like in the first campaign that Overture coming but just telling you about the product we're going here's the product. It's great. Go have a look at the sales page cool the second campaign. We teach you something.

And that makes some people go. Oh, yeah, that's cool. Now. I'm ready to join. now I get why it's important now I get why it's I think I've come up with a better idea actually in our if we were if we were doing this if we were running like and one of these in accelerators like Paul's doing and we were working one-on-one with somebody I think we could create a worksheet where one of the weeks their homework is to take the worksheet and go and write down as many penny drop moments as they can think of so go down and write and they would be things like I can do this with a hundred subscribers a small list and this will work.

I can do this with a million subscribers. Yeah. Yeah and what they need to do then is to take that and apply it across the campaigns rather than and all their emails but apply it across their stuff rather than using those as the angles because now I think about our engine in our specific case the Overture, you're right. It's sort of urgent buyer the actual reason why the golden Court works is because of the it's a bit teaching but it's because of the bribe the teaching allows you to send the email without pissing people off, but actually the back end offer is a bribe thing. They want the foot.

They want the shiny thing. That's worth the ground for free. Yeah in the overcoming objections one. It's the That you've just they wanted it anyway, and you just approving that it'll work for them or whatever. And then the last one is about.

Well, there's no risk actually the risk it so like the person who's had all the risk taken away from them like the safe player or whatever. So maybe actually the penny drop thing rather than being the sort of mechanism is a Little big idea rather maybe that's a maybe that's a cool thing. We can teach somebody to do and then teach them how to layer that through the email so that makes sense. But I'm glad I thought of it though because I think it's a cool exercise people can do. Okay.

So what does that mean in relation to the big idea? Oh, yeah, I think I'm I think I'm I think I'm going back to the to your what you were going down the line of which is I don't know whether the penny drop is the reason why I for campaigns are different. I think the score thing is the fact that the sales thing acts. So the urchin buyers you have to call the net many name for it the content one. I'm just trying to decide whether or not it's like each one of them makes a penny drop for a different reason.

Makes them realize. Oh my God. This is for me and it is now or does it appeal to a different motivator or does it appeal to different motivator? I've never thought about it to have this conversation and you started talking. I thought if it is a different motivator in reality, it's different angle.

Well, I'll tell you down is um another thought about this way like there's different types of gain right the read like and there's a monetary gain like I buy this I get this financial Roi There's ego gain. I buy this I get a black Amex black card every time I get my credit card out. I look like a gazillionaire. And there's another game which is like knowing something that other people don't know. I've called it knowing a secret right which is like I know this thing.

that not many people know so they're like the three sort of game motivators. I've just come up with and then I've obviously got the new versus tried and tested motivated. Yeah. I don't know if I'm getting I know I don't think I don't think our approach actually attacks that sort of thing. I mean it can you can write your emails to do that but like baked into it.

That's not what we do. What we do is we give different so the angles of the campaigns are just designed to get you it to maintain your attention because if I just turn up every day and say you want to buy this thing yet, you're gonna buy this thing at driven by this thing yet. Eventually you gonna switch off quite fast, whereas because after a few days of saying you want to buy this thing I'm saying. Hey, do you want to watch this? So basically does our approach combine?

reasons to keep attention with different penny drop moments like moments of realization. Yes, so I was just thinking is there something we can call attention something? and some trendy word around this penny drop Which is realization. Yeah. yeah, because my question would be I'm glad you brought up the attention thing because my question or my objection really would have been like, okay, but what if So just to be clear you're saying any drop Penny like a penny that might be a good you know, when people go.

Oh I get it the penny you have that phrase by the penny drops. I wasn't sure if it was penny drop or panty drop. Oh, that's right. Wow, it was definitely feel the second difference to ever say somebody else the other day or not having a job. My anunciation isn't good for Americans.

Like I say words and miss that as I miss sounds that from the word the altar the yeah, I like that idea of it being because actually is there something in this there's a thing where you used to teach that all email marketing right? If you were to plot a graph of your email engagement. What happens is somebody joins you this they give you their email address and then attention spikes for a minute and for like three seconds, you're the best thing ever and then by the next day it's dropped a bit and after about day three or four it just Tanks off a cliff like it doesn't slowly ski slope down like it f****** drops off the edge of a cliff and we find that Doesn't happen with hours because with hours we're constantly pushing to keep attention and derive sales. So we did that doesn't mean you have to send boatloads of free contentment in their attention. So that's not what we do at all is that he keeps on them.

So they would attention the fact that we're entertainers attention seeking but like I don't think people want to be attention so you can negative connotation just It's just you. so like what I what I was gonna ask was like what I was gonna ask was like, okay. So let's say you've identified all these penny drop moments, right? But what if what if you don't figure out or you don't hit my penny drop moment? Before you disengage.

Yeah, that's yeah that that was like one thing that I was thinking about but it's two bits to that. Just ask the question in case this helps. One is it's about how we keep attention to all these different. Really leading essentially what we keep doing. and the other bit is segmentation, so For example, we have this thing called the daisy chain Campaign, which is basically if you will look like for you is you'll receive an email with a video in it.

And if you don't and it the videos about um or email automation Cool, you might go I think I don't know about that. I don't need that. You don't click and engage. So I'm a few days later you get another email we've made another video and this email is about three essential elements of every email campaign you ever send you make oh, yeah. I don't know those three elements are it's only when you click and you go and look at that thing.

Now you are taken into sales sequence which leads with the idea of these three of sales sequences and the three elements, right so that so what we will try and do is we maintain attention by all these different techniques. It's a video. It's a survey. It's a audio. It's a picture.

It's a whatever. It's this angle. It's that angle. Is it like segmenting their attention? Like is it like Moving there actually segmentation.

Yeah, that's sort of thing like Again, we're coming up with ideas that sound like unique mechanisms rather than big ideas. But like there's no harm in saying there's no harm in pulling a big idea out of that I guess. Yeah it what you said before about. Um Hold on a second. I'm pulling up this book.

There's a book. I'm just think. That one is quickly. Yeah, I don't know if this so set golden wrote a book a long time ago called the dip. which is basically kind of ties into like what we're talking about here how people it's a different context how people start off motivated about a specific thing and and then just psychologically their hardwired.

to to experience the dip where all of that motivation and that novelty that they and that excitement that they initially had just goes away right now his context of talking about it is like how to power through that so that you actually become successful at whatever you want to do, but maybe there's something there that we can leverage in saying that like look, like it's almost like he it's almost like you lift the dip. Yeah, how do we flip the dip right? It's almost like your you know your Your email communication with people is almost designed by Nature. To losing engagement because of the way people are psychologically wired, right they opt into your email list because they're excited about something and then no matter how excited they are about that thing, right? It's just about like hot wiring a high jacking that natural thing within someone.

Well, I think it's about extending it. I think if you were to actually draw out the attention graph the way that we have it happen. Well actually happens if somebody opts in for whatever reason. And then I sort of I quite like this idea been if we're brutally honest. What I actually happens is they opt in you have the highest level engagement you ever have for couple days.

And then with the way we do it instead of falling off a cliff it drops slightly and it sits at what we would consider to be like the resting level like arresting heartbeat and that's where it sits and then every now and then you'll do something which will Spike up their attention a bit and then it'll just go back to the resting level. But what you don't get is you don't get this tank off a cliff that you get with and if we map it out on a graph and show the difference between the two and a sales video Whatever they'd be able to clearly see what the difference is and because and that that is all because of the approach of us to score engine. And that allows you to get more eyeballs to your thing and talk about different angles, which makes more sales. It's an interesting opening hook-cutting. so, let me pull up the I'm gonna pull up your big idea.

worksheet On it. Okay, so if we if we go back to the attention thing, right? so talk to me again about that this idea the idea of being able to constantly like refresh attention. Is that kind of like what we're talking about here? Yeah, the only problem with refreshes does it imply that their attention does go us was no maybe doesn't refresh is probably a better word than maintain or whatever.

Yeah, I think refresh is quite nice. It's like, oh they're reset. That's quite cool. But we have to we have to get them to compare that to what's currently happening. So like at the minute, yeah open rates and click through rates are an old time low.

Your sales aren't where they're supposed to be you probably feel bad. Every time you send an email because you know that like loads of people and subscribe and get annoyed by all. and You feel like you're saying the same thing over and over and over again. The big idea of this is it's probably it's the only it's the only one that sells it on this. Anyway, it's the only email marketing system that sells itself on the fact that instead of having this big tank of Engagement.

It's it's based in Mint Hill like yeah, refreshing and it refreshing attention all the way through. To keep you engagement high. So but again, my question is is anybody else saying that is anybody else saying like look my system keeps hearing a keeps your prospecting prospects engaged all the time so that they don't fall off and they wind up buying something. Is anybody else saying that let me have include delivery deliverability people who sell like the technical bit of deliverability. I guess they're gonna be talking about engagement and stuff.

But like keeping you keep me in your deliverability high which is based on engagement and things but I don't think anyone sells their course with the opening frame of are you tired of having people join your list in three days later. They can't remember who you are. Yeah, actually people probably say that but the retention Falls of the cliff just looking at the competitors. Yeah. We used to use that graph in something where we were selling response rate dude.

I think we set I think we actually use it to sell Rescue Mission. Oh, yeah, we probably do actually. That's okay. hmm So does this idea have to do with attention or does it have to do with? um The fact that people have different penny drop moments and are those two things combined are those two things related on the the Angles and the penny drop movement are how you may intend attention.

Because it's the opposite of just saying by my s*** by my s*** by my s*** by my s*** even though Underneath It All there's office for your stuff. okay, so angles this is a he just let me ask you a question. Do you feel like Do you feel like your ideal customers worry more about? Not monetizing their list, or are they more worried about? Not providing the best content and value to their list.

I think it's about maximizing value per subscribers. No robot. I would say current audience Maybe. Maybe they would even rank you maybe rank not piss In Their audience offer and sending the right stuff above that. Maybe I'm just think about if you think about Cheryl for example, she's gonna be a bit of a nightmare in the accelerator to get her to the fact.

She's gonna have to start emailing more than once a week to do this and she's been in our world for a long time. She's all about maximizing value, but in terms of who we're really want to attract It's probably more about monetization. Yeah, I'm thinking about right. It's definitely monetize can't monetize currently if you're if you do like this churn and burn build a list burn them up out Builder list burn them out the thing I'll never work. So So without attention you can't make sales.

but yeah, what if it's like yeah it the system really depends on the fact that you can keep talking about the same one damn thing for 60 days and still have people buying on day 59. Because you've got their attention and you've hit a different psychological thing. You've hit a different penny drop where they've gone. Oh, that's why I need to do this now. Whereas most people have given up by then.

Okay, I like that, but now remind me again of Why why are they still there? On day 30 if they don't hit the penny drop moment until day 45 what's keeping them there? There's attention thing is the penny drop thing. It's the fact that every time you turn up that there's like a different. Little more that the reason is there's more reason to read your emails than just to see what the about what you're selling.

if the so one of the things we've talked a lot is if the only reason to open your emails is to see what's on sale now. Then there's no reason to open your emails unless you're already in buyer mode like so I'm only gonna open X gurus emails if I'm thinking like let's say it's a person who teach let's say, it's Neil Patel, right? I'm gonna open his sales emails. If his emails if I'm thinking about doing something on my SEO. But until then unless I'm just bored and I want to fill in the time.

I've got no reason to open his emails because all he's doing is turning up and tell me different reasons to buy his thing whereas with our emails. There is there's more reasons than to find out what's for sale. It's to to gain one of the I mean we oh Rob the nine types of value. We have this thing that we teach called the nine types of value. Okay, which are things like?

My God, I cannot remember a single one of them. Okay, but you got them and these are the things that keep people engaged. Yeah, these are the only reasons that people. Read or consume any content about anything? Got it.

Okay, so that's what keeps people. because even if you don't want to buy our program, right you're gonna open our next email because you want to know um, what's Rob's latest story? So one type of value is entertainment. So what's Rob's a ridiculous story of the day what's happened to Rob now, right is one of the reasons another reason might be that I'm gonna learn something another reason might be Etc likes and that's what we going to nine types of value. Got it.

Got it. So could you call them like value levers? Attentionally because I think is more interesting levers. Okay attention levers like that. Give me two seconds guys bathroom.

Okay, so Like an interesting Circle because you need to maintain their attention in order for them to get these penny drop moments, but it is the penny drop moments that keep their attention chugging along and then every now and then you'll do something that reach individual person will like Spike their attention. You'll get like a big thing that you usually where people buy and it's a different place is a different people. Uh-huh. I like this. The reason I like this line of thinking is the fact that I could imagine somebody watching a sales video for this or reading a letter or whatever and getting to the point where they they can instantly feel that feeling of knowing that they're if they if they were to plot this out on a graph they're subscribers currently come in.

They're excited for a few days a handful of them stick around and buy something and then most of them just sort of stop paying it largely stop paying attention. And so I think they'll be able to really really to that very quickly and like feel the pain of it. Okay, so I think we have. I think there's two ideas here, right? So one idea.

is about these attention levers which will Will expand on those now. and the other idea is like this idea about the gold mine, you know in your in your list, right? Um, I think those are like your two best candidates for ideas. So like one idea that popped into my head. A lot of times when I'm like falling asleep things will pop into my head because I guess I'm in that like half asleep dream state.

So I'll reach over to my phone and I'll open up a Google doc and I'll put my ideas down because a lot of times something will pop in my head and I'll go you know, what I'll remember this tomorrow and I never do and for whatever reason I was thinking about you guys and this idea of profit pockets. top like popped in my head like they're these Pockets of profit that are sitting in your email list and the majority of email marketers don't know how to tap into them. So that's why they're list drastically unperform but you guys have figured out how to tap into them. And that's why you're able to generate 10 times more per subscriber than the average person. So I think that's one idea and then I think your other idea is this is this idea of these attention levers, right?

This idea that attention by nature is designed to decrease in human beings. So when people join your email list, it's almost certain that after the first second or third day their interest is gonna plummet and you're gonna not have any chance of monetizing them or selling them anything. So instead what you have to be able to do is pull these nine different attention lovers which enable them to have these pennies drop moments. And however, you say it after that. Is that kind of where we're at it is We think about the idea of like attention being the number one currency in the current economy.

Uh It is so I actually am using a similar idea in one of my campaigns. So I came up with this concept of the attention the attention Trifecta dilemma, right? So the attention Trifecta dilemma is the fact that in order for us to be successful in 2023. We have to be able to get attention keep that attention and then transform that attention into the desire to buy and so I talk about how like my copyrighting system enables you to get attention by doing this and then it enables you to keep attention by doing this. Amen enables you to transform attention into Desire by doing this, so maybe there's something there similar like I but I totally agree with you and I do think that I think that the best Big Ideas are timely and right now, Like having a campaign that speaks to that in 2023.

So like same thing I did with the storytelling my storytelling course. I shifted it from the storytelling blueprint, which was basically just this. Best practices on how to use storytelling in marketing to how to tell your story in 60 seconds or less and all of my video ads are all about how in 2023 nobody has time to listen to a long-winded drawn-out story with three protagonists and all different types of plot twists and guides. Right all the big social media platforms are moving towards short form content, like reals shorts tiktok things like that. So ideally if you want to use storytelling effectively in 2023, you need to be able to tell your business story in 60 seconds or less.

And and the idea is the same Kennedy is that attention is the biggest commodity that we are fighting for and it's the most important commodity going into 2023. So I I think that I think you spot on with that. Also just dropped into the into our slack channel the nine types of value just slide just in case it pops on the ideas for you. I think one of the things that's quite useful is that if we lead with this attention thing and then confined some like we can use some sort of scientific thing. But if we can find some reason to say to point out why it's even worse when it comes to email like people's emails boxes inboxes are already one of the most crowded places in their life.

I even go that's even worse with email than this fixes it on the profit Pockets thing. I think just later on in the in the argument we can just say the fact that this helps you to it. This is what uncovers the hidden profit pockets are already in your business because of those people weren't tanking off the cliff then they would be able to see all of this stuff. So I don't think we have to like bin it. I think we probably lead with the attention one.

And then reference this pocket profit The Profit Pockets idea. Probably Pockets later on. I like this. I like this nine types of value thing because it's not it's not typically what you hear people talk about. No, the other thing is that conveniently By Shia coincidence.

We're doing a key and you keynote presentation this year, which is all on the topic of attention through email. Just by just by coincidence or from a pure like bigger picture a point of view our event keynote. It's about directing attention. That's what it's about. Got it.

Okay. Okay, so, let's see here. I always this is when I start getting confused about like You end up with like a big idea, which has got this thing called attention leavers, but that's not the unique mechanism because that's a different thing and you end up so far away from the f****** offer. I'm like they make it. Yeah.

I did that with an email. I was right yesterday. I was trying to get to the point. But like there was I ended up back some miles away taught using two different. Sausages are this and by sausages?

I've been breakfast and when I say breakfast, I mean meals and meals are really good because you need to eat now either microbiome and you're good. Jesus Okay. There's a better way to say that but this is kind of what we're going with right the number one commodity in 2023 off for business owners, right? is attention attention is the heart even yeah is the cause and then 10. and email marketing find types of tension levers you can.

Once you understand these nine types of attention levers. What can you do? You can keep your list engaged while Creating the most opportunities to make sales simultaneously. Could we just want to pull in the profit Pockets thing at this point? So I think I can come later.

I think it can be like referenced. Actually attention lovers. I mean you bet you can basically extract the most amount of sales from your email list I'm extract sounds a little harsh and then we would normally talk. It sounds a bit mean like extracted like a dentist, but you can soften that later. I guess yank it out.

Yeah money out of the list exactly squeeze the basket. Yeah, you know, it's just a bit too. It's a bit too much. Okay, 20 things you attention? almost so Okay, so is that some what we're trying to say here?

Yeah, I mean we could word Smith it later, but that's the concept. Okay. You agree with that Rob? Yep. Got it, okay.

Okay, so The last part of this is the lead. and the and the headline Right. So, um As you guys probably know there are six different types of leads that you can typically use which come from. Mark Ford, right. He kind of like just you know, that's the blueprint that we follow because it just works, you know ranging from indirect story leads all the way up to direct like invitation offer type leads the headline that you write.

Really is based on whatever type of lead you use. This is the golden lead template that we recommend people use only because it encapsulates like everything right? It shows it's got the primary promise. It's got the unique mechanism. It's got the big idea and it's got benefits wrapped up into it, but you certainly don't have to use this lead template only because like, you know, you guys are already pretty Savvy marketers like if you wanted to use a secret system, um, template or like a proclamation type of lead or you know, something like that you could certainly do that.

But what is important is this stuff? It's important that in the lead you get clear about why your mechanism is different and why it's Superior. And so the only way you can really demonstrate why it's different is if you know How your competitors mechanisms work because then how can you if you don't know how your competitors mechanisms work? You can't really say it's different because you don't know how to articulate that difference. If you don't know what what they're if you if there's this black and yours is white.

Well, you have to know that there's is black right if there's works on based on, you know, I don't know a certain type of segmentation and yours doesn't well then that's why it's different. So what are how do the common mechanisms by your competitors work? Like what do they say is there what's their secret sauce to you know to whatever their promises. I don't even think that that's sophisticated. Honestly.

I don't think they even have like I'm just actually tried before I was looking at the competitors to look up. Chris ozarkovski's sales page it's down right now so I couldn't but um, yeah, I wouldn't know anything that would resemble a unique mechanism. Not at all. um, so Ben settles thing is if you have a lesson offer and three twenty three per day, then my monthly email players news that I can potentially help your business start closing more sales almost on command. So here's is like you've got this thing.

Start using it properly. at your convenience, it's kind of at your back and you know, it bend it to your will kind of thing is the angle, isn't it? What about do they talk about? Do they talk about like? So like um, you know, for example like Andre chaperone like his whole thing is the soap opera sequence right it's like how to His whole thing is like how to create open loops and Cliffhangers so that people are on the edge of their seats biting their nails chomping at the bit to open up your next email.

And that's a that's a technique. It's like all the losers the thing we teach but like if we were to sit if we had to like argue why this is better. We would say that that's a bit like That's a bit like holding somebody's attention hostage like rather than rather than rather than having them having a loads of stuff. Like basically the open Loops is basically just there's the thing. I'm not gonna tell you what it is today.

I'm going to tell you what it is tomorrow. Like if you have to do that as the only mechanism of holding their attention, Like there's some point it gets boring like people stop watching soap operas. Don't they? Um, like everybody talks about their fear about their favorite soap opera as it's just like another thing's gonna explode and then it'll be for the Christmas episode. That's how it works in the UK.

Anyway, the Christmas episode a train explodes a house explodes the public explodes like something f****** explodes and now everyone's like Board of that. So let me ask you a question does does that and and look self-admittedly? I'm a terrible email marketer, right? I should probably go through your entire thing. I could be a case study for you guys.

I really could um, I should go through your entire thing and put this thing to work in my own business. I really should so that being said me being a s***** email marketer. Does this idea of open loops and Cliffhangers? Does it even really still work? In today's world, like I mean are people really, you know, because there's there's like this whole there's this narrative and and I've actually debated with Todd Todd and I have debated a little bit about this.

Like where? Okay, so I I have this. viewpoint That um, and it's it's a little bit subjective. Like I don't have tons of hard data and evidence to support what I'm about to say. What I do have is experience.

from working with coaching clients in numbers of different niches and markets and businesses and also being very heavily entrenched in the marketing world like being in different Facebook groups and seeing what is working for people and what is not working for people. Okay, and so um Ultimately, right there are two reasons why people buy from us one is the solve a problem or or resolve some sort of a pain point and the other is to fulfill a desire. Right? So pain point is I have crippling knee pain. I can't get out of bed.

I have social anxiety that's holding me as a hostage in my house. I'm afraid to go outside and then I have like this unfulfilled desire. I want to get better at Jiu-Jitsu. I want to improve my golf swing blah blah what I see. And what I also hear being echoed is that there's a direct correlation when it comes to attention.

In those two different things. So people that want to solve a problem. The bigger. The problem is the more attention they give it versus when it comes to unfulfilled desires. I see that people give less attention to those things.

So like for example I think it's way more realistic that someone will watch a one hour vsl. If you're telling them that you have a way that they can get rid of the anxiety that's holding them hostage in their house and the next 30 days without using prescription medication versus some versus telling somebody I'll show you how to play the guitar like like a professional right like so for me, there's a distinction but there's the the thing that almost nobody talks about and we say this to our clients all the time, which is it hasn't just got to be a problem. It's got to be an urgent problem to them and the more urgent the problem is people talk about people are motivated by Escaping pain more than they are from game. But few people even mention the fact that it has to be an urgent pain. So it has to be the fact that like I've got a bit of a sore leg.

I'm probably I'm not gonna go the doctor whereas if you know a bear just chewed my leg off. I'm half my legs dangling there. I'm gonna go to the doctor. I'm gonna watch I mean, I'm gonna figure it out. So I think there is I think there is that do open loop still work.

Also it this is where it was where I was going with this where I was going with this. Is that like So Todd's argument and he's certainly way more experienced than I am when it comes to this stuff. But like his argument. Is that the best performing? Vsls from Agora were over an hour long and John Benson has said that his best performing vsls were over an hour long, right and you know that people will spend days binge watching The Walking Dead on Netflix or they'll watch Joe Rogan's podcast for three hours, right?

But what I say is like yes while that's true. There's a different context and there's a different expectation meaning when people sit down to watch The Walking Dead for three days straight. They've cleared their schedule and prepared themselves to do that and they know that they're sitting down going into a situation where they're expecting to be entertained versus people that are on the internet looking to solve like, yeah. I could I could binge watch The Walking Dead for three days straight I could also pause it get off. I could go get a drink.

I can go out. I can walk my dog. I can come back whereas with marketing. We don't have that luxury. Like we need to have their attention right here right now.

We need to be able to hold it for a certain amount of time. And so I guess my I guess what I was asking was there seems to be this narrative that because people will give their attention undivided attention to things things that entertain them, you know for days at a time. Does that apply to like are people sitting on the edge of their seat waiting, you know for emails to come in the same way. They're watching the next episode of Game of Thrones to drop no no and that's why the what I think openly open loops and stuff are a great tactic and they work but not in isolation. I think anything that hinges on the fact that you're gonna you know, finish one email to have somebody waiting for the next one with this one tactic is just wrong I think because they won't remember like you finish that email you read another five emails that day.

You're watching TV show. I can't remember the last line of the email. I wrote never mind the last email. I read like we do too romantic is the thing that we will continue to teach because I think it's a worthwhile ingredient. Like if all responder Madness still hangs on the fact that that's a thing and that you can turn your emails into the TV show or whatever then I think that's incorrect.

However, you can become and do become like a daily Habit in somebody's life. So like on the odd occasions, we accidentally miss a day's email we get emails going. Where was my like what was everything? Okay. I didn't get an email today obviously not thousands of them, but you get some which proves that you know that you you becoming a you're becoming like a fixture other people's lives are people's habit.

Yeah. Got it. So. Okay, so let's say open loops and Cliffhangers could be one reason why your competitors things work is like Advanced segmentation another reason why your competitors like that's the way the machine works, right? Yeah.

It is actually okay. It's this this relates back to all the respond to Madness, but there are also other things that have it that don't which is a bit like making your emails like a TV show, but we could use your argument which is people don't like people sit down and make the time to watch television. They don't sit down and maybe it's to do with whether they've been interrupted or they've made a choice. Yeah. So yeah, definitely like stop TV TVs flash storytelling type email soap operas.

Hi emails because Russell Brunson stole it. Well, somebody stole that term from somebody else Russell Brunson uses that term as well or he uses it to mean something slightly different. So this idea of like spill Opera emails is another unique mechanism of the people talk about Got it. So open Loops Cliffhangers. Are I see something?

What else Advanced segmentation what are some other reasons why? You know, somebody would say their email marketing system works or is better than everyone else's. they'll say it's it's like you know like I'm Like and handling and stuff. This is all like it's content and it's not salesy. Okay.

Which is great unless you want to make some sales unless you want to make some money. I'm I don't know what I'm trying to think of other people who are teaching email what they're What's the woman called Hugh? James is girlfriend or wife who's in top one? Oh. Yara Yara, yeah.

What her a person subscriber Revival? Like how to take a dead list and bring them back to life. Is that all she teaches? No, she teaches storytelling as well. So storytelling is definitely another it's not it's not a unique mechanism anymore because loads of people teach including us but storytelling is a thing.

Which is fine, but it's only an element of what we do. Okay, does it matter if our stuff includes some of these? um Well in the next part we're gonna explain why yours is different, right? Um, What about like telman like telman's got this idea of like mascots? Have you must oh my God.

Yeah, I think it's terrible. I like him. I think it's a terrible idea. I got on his listing the day for some reason and incredible I was doing now, but you get an email it's from someone you've never heard of some stupid word and I'm like the f*** spamming me. Yeah.

It's like from the wizard. Yeah. I'm like what? No, none of that and right digital marketer. I've done it as well.

You'll randomly get an email from Rory the Robot who's like yeah GK I see once and one from my Batman. I remember that as well. One mechanism people use for attention and sales and stuff is and it's obviously important but actually as part of our stuff. We really play it down, which is subject lines. Yeah, because one of the things we talk about a lot.

I don't understand. There's a top one is the reason. People open your emails is not the subject line. It's not the number one reason the number one reason people open your emails is because of your name. Because and the proof is I get an email.

And it's from my mum. It can have no subjects out of my mouth. Yeah. And have no subject line and and this is an example. We've used lots of podcasts and stuff and and whereas I get an email from Busty b******, I'm probably doesn't matter what the subject line is probably hitting spam and not opening it up.

Well depends but you know, I mean like so like I'm if it's obviously like if it's xxx free or whatever is this he was from okay, the subject line is I'm not opening that so that and people put a lot of a lot of weight and subject lines and people ask us about civil lines all the time. Every time you were training. What's a good subject line? Stop hanging yourself up and subject lines. Nothing's a good subject line.

All them are good. Subject line. I don't care you. Do you guys still do the you guys still do the thing where like when you broadcast you always do a test and you let the first four hours of the test run before you pick the we sometimes do we go through phases where we're doing it where we don't got it. Okay.

Um, so what else so we got soap opera style emails loops and Cliffhangers Advanced segmentation providing mostly content storytelling sending from different names and emails. What else? Using crazy subject lines. Yeah, yeah. Like using crazy trick subject lines as well.

Like we see people do it. I've seen Todd do it as well naughty. You know the whole re thing like as if it's a reply when it's not. Like I've done that I've taken it as far as I've done forward. Right.

And then what I'll do is I'll actually go find the email. Yeah that came from me forward it to myself and then copy and paste that little forward thing and then stick it in the broadcast team now. Yeah, and it's funny Rob and Rob had saw a thing and I was like, I'm not a tactic. I like and I think is okay. Which is somebody starts their reengagement campaign you get an email from?

Derek let's imagine the marketers names Paul, right you get an email from Derek and Derek at it's clearly at that brand. So, you know that it is from you know Toys R Us or whatever. Anyway, the email comes through and it says hey Derek, we know Paul asked me to set to drop you a quick email because we know that she haven't engaged with our stuff for a while and blah blah check it out and then below that they don't put all the forward fakiness in but below that it says, hey Derek, I just noticed that you know as they pull again Paul has stopped paying attention to my emails. Would you drop them a message and see what's up? Is there anything we can do speak soon Paul?

Yeah, that's what you're doing. I think if you're in like if you're in like some obscure Market where they don't understand all the tech of what's possible. I think it's a I think it's an excellent tactic because all you actually doing is you're automating what you would be doing if you couldn't automated emails like that's how that's how it would actually work is you would say we need to send we need to send Paul an email because he stop paying attention. Can you take all the people who stop paying attention and send them emails? You just automating what you would actually be doing in real life.

So I'm sort of okay with that and but do you subjects the other thing is once you've done that Yeah, the other thing is. Like technological loopholes and tricks. So like Canada. Yeah emailing. Can you trick Gmail into putting your email in the inbox instead of instead of the spam for Detroit area XM?

Yeah. basically anything that's like here's how to get around the whatever, you know deliverability, you know any hacks. Yeah, we don't do any of that s***. and Loopholes, yeah. And those are what designed to like bypass the promotions tab.

And promotions tab or like yeah, yeah. Okay, anything else or you think that like pretty much covers it? I'm scraping the bottle if I can think of if you give us a couple of weeks might find some more but those are the obvious like that. Oh, so this is like what jumps out to me, right? What jumps out to me, is that um, And again, I'm I'm saying this because I'm guilty of this.

is I think when you're you have to do all of these different things. When your email suck. When you don't know how to keep people's attention. And you have to trick their attention. Yeah, you have to you have to resort to all of these other things.

When you don't know how to write emails the right way. Yeah, yeah. And tricks tricks always diminishing Effectiveness over time like always. Yeah. Yeah, okay.

So explain to me in your own words then based on what I just said and what you just said like how the score method is different. We so basically the thing that's different here. Is that We use. genuine psychology to to appeal to people but in a way that doesn't trick them some they don't feel let down. Let me put this let me explain a little story that might give me some more words for this.

I got an email. Um during covid from a market that we all know not on but somebody else. big And it said and the subject line was. My best friend died of covid or something. You open up the email?

I was like Jesus Christ. This is heavy and then I opened it up. And the story goes on it wasn't his friend and they didn't die. I'm like, right. Okay, so like I was basically clickbaited into And what happens is you get their attention their interest, but then you emit you immediately lose trust.

And trust is the fact that I guess you ought to buy our system doesn't forgo trick doesn't trade off trust for attention. Yeah, we don't trade trust for attention. I never said before. That's quite interesting. Trust what?

Terms of How It's Superior what that means is that it's really sustainable. Over but also it's the because we don't kill trust. That's the reason we're able to make so much money from our subscribers because while everybody else has slaughtered the trust by tricking them to open s*** emails. We still got the trust because we deliver on every promise not only to be delivered by the way, we prove every promise and we're constantly set in our emails. We're like, we say a thing we prove it remember like me get to know you sequence in our welcome sequence wrong.

Well, we say, you know, we spoke on stage at this event and this thing happened. Let me have a photo in it because every Point were like and we prove it and we prove it and we prove it. So people don't just open but they actually buy. This is all brand new. We've never said any of this s*** before this is great.

I love that. It does not trade attention for trust. Yeah, I'm pleased with that. So the reason it's simple. Unique mechanism, which is the hang on I have the answer.

That was the engine thing. Well, it's simple because it's modular, but I guess that's still the engine thing. I mean to me it's simple because it just relies on these nine attention lovers. Once you know what they are like that's that to me is um I don't know if that's easy, but it's simple like it's not the levels. The left is funny.

He needs to levels the levers. I will Resort back to British. That's okay, press one for British and if But the levers are not the unique mechanism. So we need to know what aspect of the score method. That make a simple or easy, right?

are yeah, so but those are not. Those levers that you're pulling aren't those baked into the score method like aren't you using? That's what that's the big idea so that if I was answering this question on my own without you and this is why we're here, you know, so I were doing it with you is if that question said write down aspects of the big idea that our simpler are easy. I know what that is because you've just said it. I know what it is.

If it's the engine, I don't know what it is if it's of the unique mechanism. Okay, so the big idea right the big idea powers. the entire campaign and it makes people understand how and why the it supports the unique mechanism. So if you're telling me that the big idea is this Right. The big idea is that attention is the hardest thing to maintain 2023 especially via email marketing.

But once you understand these nine types of attention levers, you can extract the most amount of sales from your email list without losing attention. Well, that if you're telling me that then if let's say, um Okay. So if one of them is Clarity then I would assume that in your unique mechanism. There's a way that I'm gonna be able to pull the clarity lever. Right, absolutely or somewhere in the unique mechanism.

I'm gonna be able to pull the Hope lever. Yeah. So that's my question is are all of these things these levers levers whatever you want to call them are they baked into the unique mechanism so that um, like maybe you're not overtly saying okay go to the clarity campaign, but maybe it's the golden cloak campaign that provides the clarity or it's the I think it does. I think I said, I mean accident. Well it has to because they're the only types of value that they're all I mean do we sometimes not you some of them like, we don't use a lot of Hope probably I don't know.

But yeah, I think they're all just naturally in ingredients that are baked in so they can they can only be because only when we came up with this idea well, like what types of value are there and then we wrote down every word we could think of that gives a type of value and they're the only things they can be So they have to be okay. So then yeah, so then it makes sense because otherwise if it didn't if those weren't baked into the unique mechanism, well, then you would have an idea that actually does this it intrigues people but would lose their trust because they'd be like, well, you just gave me this idea, but it doesn't, you know, you're not tying the idea into how your unique mechanism what what is your unique mechanism have to do with that idea. Right. It's like if I told you look there's this there's this idea of the Fatal 8. There's these eight things that launch an attack on your cardiovascular system and raise your blood pressure, but then I but but then my unique mechanism was about like how to lower blood pressure by reducing stress and it had nothing to do with these other eight things.

You would say to yourself. Well, then why the f*** did you tell me about these eight things? Like what does that have to did you tell me that just to like what? What's the what is the reason for that? Right?

It's the it's a s*** open loop. Yeah. right so but I'm assuming these power levers are they are baked into all of the different campaigns that you have right like and so it's some way shape or form. Definitely one of these f****** things is gonna be pulled at some point through all the campaigns. Yes.

May yeah, right. Okay, okay. So how does it make it simple a lot easy? The freaking use the use the nine. You don't have to go and figure out all these sketchy attention things.

Just use these nine things. That's it. Yeah. employees the yeah, if that's what you want to say. always to keep without diminishing trust right?

Well actually Do any important? Yeah, maybe. Simple so I want to tie that into the simplicity. So like Well, if we can tie it the Simplicity to Unique mechanisms, or maybe the fact that they're already baked the and they're already baked into the score method. And that's where that um comes in.

We taught the score method thing for the first time today on a on a session we well did you yeah, yeah people loved it. They were like focus of school like yeah awesome. Okay mechanical and any aspects of the mechanism that are fast. I mean speeds I mean the the way that it was the mechanism or just the actual program. Let me tell you what it is me.

Otherwise, I don't know what it would be but it's the fact that you sort of. You can get a result fast because you don't need to automate it to begin with you can like create a piece of the mechanism and send it out live and start seeing results. But I think that's more to do with like the deliverable than the I guess somebody can do now. What do you mean? You have to create the campaigns eye on yes.

No, it's it's the mechanism not the deliverable because whether these are campaigns for the Alice's campaign the make your own campaigns of that still stands true. Yeah, that doesn't that doesn't relate to the mechanism. Because it's a bunch of campaigns in an order. You have to build a school doesn't teach that score doesn't say put your campaigns in order. Oh, yeah, that's true.

Just the engine does. I don't know how score makes it fast. It's listen. If it doesn't it doesn't like, you know, sometimes there isn't a fast. Sometimes there isn't a fast element.

I think I see what it does and this this makes it easy. This this relates to the the nine levers as well is the fact that it won't take you long to write an email because there's only nine leave as you can pull anyway. and there's only five elements score. There's only those five elements like you can write an email about and focus on so rather than sitting looking at a blank page going right and wait the wasting 20 minutes right with an idea. They can only be about one of the nine levers and use one of the elements of scorn and that's all they can be.

So it really Narrows down and speeds up how quickly you can send emails out. I get. All right your own campaigns. I guess so you can write your email your campaign your own campaigns faster. because they can only fit into you they can only fit into one of five category one of five categories of campaign type and like you can just pick any of the nine levers.

Say it again. You can write your own emails faster because you just pick from any of the five. types of score campaigns not perhaps wording is the best but in the idea around and pick any pick one of the nine. tension levers So you're no longer? Scratching your head figure trying to start from scratch each time.

That does make it faster. Potentially. I don't. Sound like it might take longer right now. I can't just write an email.

I've got a decide which of these five things and then which those nine things you can actually sounds like it takes longer. It might be the opposite. What about this one? How is it predictable and reliable? Um, well it's predictable because there are only nine things that get attention.

fact so that makes it predictable because if you use one of the nine things it's gonna work. Why is it? Well, that's probably making it more. reliable actually predictable Is it because it's based on human psychology, which doesn't change? Yeah.

It's based on a level of humor cycle. That doesn't change other levels of humans. Like you do change the level that this is that doesn't I like the specificity of based on our level of okay. So, um, I have to stop at 11:30 today because I have a of a call with Damien if he's only available for beloved 30 to 12 and then I'm not available after that. Always what I would say to you guys um is two things so first is I would go back and just look at these.

A little bit more and see if maybe like we can expand on them or if there's anything that we missed on. here obviously get clear on this big idea like maybe Figure out a way to say it faster and clearer that really just gets to the point. Right, um pick your lead type again. If you want to use this lead, that's fine. If you want to do, you know a different type of lead, that's fine as well.

But just get clear on what your lead is and then what I would think about adding, um, possibly So this is one of those things that's optional you could do it or you could not do it on the only thing is so if your idea works. Meaning this big idea. You know it it gets validated right you get at least a 30% opt-in rate to learn about the idea then doing this next step that I'm gonna tell you I think would work would make the campaign overall work even better. If your idea turns out to be a dud then you'd have to go back and change some things in the campaign. But what I would do is I would tie these levers into what you're talking about and the unique mechanism here.

Like I would just say like like look this step in the unique mechanism. Solves the pulls the Hope lever and this one pulls this lever so that when people go through the campaign, they really understand now how the unique mechanism is tied to this big idea, right? Um, same thing like again when I in my campaign when I talk about the Fatal Right every time I go through an ingredient. I'm like the first ingredient we're gonna talk about is olive leaf, extract olive leaf, extract has been shown to directly combat fatal 8 Factor. Number one, which is poor oral hygiene.

Here's how that works. Boom. You know, the next ingredient we're gonna talk about is this and that's because it you know, it combats that so it ties everything together really good. So sometimes you feel like the the Big Ideas like it's his own thing. I just belongs at the top of the page and it's never mentioned again, but a lot that idea of you tie it back from that being educated about the big idea throughout and the reason that got them to read is the reason I'm Gonna Keep Them reading they don't feel like they're suddenly Ended up off the map, you know kind of what I ended up here.

Yeah, exactly. Like what you know, what what I did with the with the guys that have the tonic with that drink is so their drink has all these different ingredients in it and they all do all different types of things but our because the idea was that the anxiety or experiencing is coming from the inflammation in your gut. We had to focus on even though you know, ashwagandha relaxes you and it has relaxation properties. We had to go find evidence that supports inflammation from ashwagandha. We had to go find evidence that supports inflammation reduction by chaga mushroom, so that that the whole thing like if I my whole idea is that you have anxiety because I have inflammation in your God but then my unique mechanism is telling you like how ashwagandha relaxes stress and how this other thing is a vast Soul dilator like okay great those very benefits, but the main marketing argument should be about how those ingredients reduce inflammation in the gut because that's the big idea.

Right. It's like me telling you. The problem is that you know, you have a you know, the problem is that you know, the CPU in your computer needs to be fixed. But then I'm educating you on how to fix the camera. It doesn't make it doesn't make sense, right?

So on. Yeah, so I would definitely consider doing that. Like I said, the only thing is If if the idea doesn't prove to be good well now you've changed the unique mechanism and made the unique mechanism about these levers and people could be like, well, what the f*** does that have to do with it, you know, then you'd have to go remove them. So just something to think about but I believe that that makes a campaign perform better because it's way more cohesive. Yeah, that's great.

It's great. Okay, cool. Awesome, and then we'll uh, we'll meet again. Let's meet again next Monday for at least one more call just to just to dial this all in and get your headline fleshed out and all that. Yeah.

Let me just say yeah, we can do that. That's fine. And something else gets booked in. final um, Robin eyes calendar and I'm sure you're gonna send me over the The meeting invite I'm clicking all the wrong things. Looks fine on my phone.

Yeah, it's fine, but it's I'm just clicking the wrong shell over the place. Final right e 5 a accelerate a final call. and rolling right cool. I'll put in 90 minutes again. I'll put into just in case yeah, cool man.

This is great. This is good and it's interesting how much this informing because we launch our accelerator, which I'll tell you that we sold out really quickly and a lot of the stuff on this because it's about the same unique mechanism. It's just like about speeding it up and just about it's really informed. I would say it's informed the sales of that even more that's informed the sounds of this product so nice, just great. Yeah.

Yeah, it's really awesome. Yeah. Yeah. All right gentlemen. All right.

Have a good one, man, and we'll see you next. He's by. Enjoy your night. Bye.
