---
title: "E5AA - Kennedy 2022-11-28 15:00:31"
date: 2022-11-28
duration: 2h 4m
duration_seconds: 7445
vimeo_id: 775876750
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# E5AA - Kennedy 2022-11-28 15:00:31

**Date:** 2022-11-28 | **Duration:** 2h 4m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hello. What's up? Fellas? How are you? Good.

Just trying to get my I don't know what's going on my computer today. I think my computer is hungover. I don't know man. Yeah, I I probably doesn't help that. I never turn it off.

I have this office space that I rent. And so when I leave here I left here. Let whatever last Wednesday did the whole Thanksgiving thing left the computer running and I come back and then I wonder why it doesn't want to cooperate. Yeah, I've started getting the highest shutting down every every weekend every Friday just shutting it down it also with it being at home. I it was it would reduce the temptation to get stuck it.

We're big bit of work because yeah, I've got my laptop, but I wouldn't do like stuff that need multiple screens and stuff like that. Yeah, so Cool. How you doing Rob? Yeah good man, really good. Cool.

All right. Let me pull up. Your worksheet. The last thing that we worked on was we we finally nailed your primary promise and now we need to really expand on your unique mechanism. Yeah.

Any thoughts while I pull this up any thoughts about what we discussed anything new come to mind. Um, well we've done that. We've done a few more calls with we basically we run a survey and the people who qualified as our ideal customer. So basically they're already making 50 Grand a year or more on their business and they've already sold more than 10 grand worth of their core product. If they answered to those with those qualifying answers in a survey, we then sent them off to a page which was like, hey, do you want to get on a 20 minute call with us?

Well, we can ask you some questions. There's nothing for sale blah. So we've been doing those calls of the last week since we spoke. to speak to some more ideal people We also spoke to One customer that's this morning just because he was using a different email address and he came through just just the way it was still interesting though. And so we've done a bit of that.

I know Rob's been filling out the before and afterward I think Yes, I just based on the based on the conversations. We were having with people that we had a couple of issues where a couple of the people who came through were like really on ambitious and therefore whilst on paper. They look like our right customers. So Kennedy was like what do you use email for right now? And this woman who's like it does she sells like design stuff.

She was like, oh, well, you know, I send them like a free template thing every month and we're like why you do it like just have interest why are you doing that? You know trying to dig for details why she's not really selling my email. But how many new members do you bring in a month? And she was like like five new members a month and we're like What if that was 10? She was like, that would be too many for me.

I feel like yeah, she's just like it's not the ravenous. She was around about liar. Yeah Market, is it exactly? Yeah. That would be too many.

Okay why she's very down each to their own but like, oh great. The rest of this call is a waste of time. God okay. All right. Let me pull up this now one after grid and I look I think a lot of that is, um, you know, it's kind of like what you you know, what you guys were telling me about how you know, you've built your you how you've built your own list up until this point has really been from warmer kind of JV podcast type of stuff where you're gonna get a mix of everything, you know you by the door, Yeah, you're gonna get like a mix of a very thing from those types.

You know, I'll be honest with you my when I first built my list, I built it all through JVS that I did. I think I told you this where I was my friend's copywriter his stuff was converting. He was doing tons of JVS with people. So people were like who's your copyrighter and I started getting all these copywriting gigs and then I was like damn I'm in the wrong business. Like I need to be in the offer creation business like these people are because they pay me to write their sales letters.

I mean, they email their list and they make back their money and they you know, they're profitable forever. Um, and so what I did was I started bartering with them and you know, like instead of charging them I would have them send to you know, one of my lead magnet pages and I started building my list but the prop I wouldn't say it was a problem but it was a challenge was that these were all self improvement. Um offer owners in like a law of attraction and visualization and positive thinking and blah blah and so a lot of my earlier type of products that I created had to be those types of products in order to actually get these people to convert and once I started deviating from that business model and going to Coal traffic. It was a completely different bowl game. I was just because now I can Target people who want specifically what I have right?

And I think you guys are right in a similar situation because the guy who we spoke to this morning. He was a customer. He's like, he's currently doing 25 Grand a month and he and he's like, but I want to be good again the 50 well, like that's perfect. But he is a customer so like obviously we can't take everything. I'm fine on the now and after you'll see in green.

He's the customer the customer guy. We put him in green. So it's a slightly different situation so you could see his response slightly separately did Went after obviously is before he joined and after he joined so it sort of as close as we can get with the customer. We just put all a couple four and after yeah, got it. Okay.

Let me just take a look at this real quick. God okay. Have you guys found that there is a in your experience that there is like an average Benchmark that if you do email marketing correctly? Not not Revenue per subscriber or like that. But like is there like a certain amount of Your business like there should be a benchmark that everybody should be looking for in terms of how much revenue they generate in their business totally per month from their email versus, you know, other sources of traffic.

So it's an interesting thing. We were talking to somebody We taught to somebody that we know who's actually who's a customer of ours long-term customer hasn't done a lot. Etc but very happy. Anyway, we're talking to her at an event. We were speaking at recently and just casually in the bar and she said She said I get about 20% of my about 20% of mine and she makes about three or four thousand pounds a month.

That's the sort of Benchmark we're talking about and she said I make probably about 20% of it from send an emails. And then the rest of it and well actually that was actually stopped the concepts and I was like great where you making the rest of it from that was my question because I was like in our business more or less. I mean, I don't want to say a hundred percent because you get bits of pieces from people who just like find you somehow but like probably at least 85% maybe 90% of our revenue is from email. The rest of it is people who are like in our Facebook group and they happen to have clicked and bought through a post that Kennedy put in the group, but they could just as well have bought through an email like they just saw the group post before they saw their email like so for us like we think like because it's the only thing we're any good at so with everything else. We're always like well with the weather right where the rest of it come from, even if it comes from like Affiliates the chances are they send an email and that's how they made the sale.

Um, so like for us in terms of amounts, It's hard to say next. It depends on the size of your list and how much your offer is and all of that stuff. But yeah, I mean it should be for us. It should be the vast vast vast vast vast majority of your sales revenue just because everything it's the warmest traffic. It's the we we haven't found anything else that can convert as highly as bus sending an email to our list about our stuff.

Kennedy what would your answer because it is hard to it's hard to yeah, I wouldn't have had a good you had a much better than me. I was gonna go you know, so no your answer is better than mine. Okay, and what do you guys just out of curiosity? What do you guys use to track your sales? So everything attribution?

Yeah, so every so so every email we send has UTM parameters on the link and then we tie those UTM premise to the sale. So like we can look up and see the email one of the golden gloop campaign has turned into x amount of sales. We do that with kids and Fields on shopping carts basically bit tricky. Most of the most of the people we teach can't do that. Click funnels has that built in I think they're the only one I don't think Sam carts done it yet.

Thrive car hasn't done it yet. So it's a we have to be we don't we don't like talk about that all that much because most people can't do it. Most people in our world can't do it. Click funnels customers can and I only know that because I saw Frank Curran do a video and he showed that UTM parameters were hidden. We're in his order things.

So yeah, we saw track it that way and then likewise, you know, if we run out when we run an ads to stuff we just UTM that ad set ID that add ID the campaign ID all of that stuff. So again, we can look up and see that that sale came from that ad and and then what we do is we store it so that every time somebody joins our list for the first time we take their UTM parameters and we stick them in so for Source all five of them we stick their UTM parameters in a field that never gets over written and so like we can always look we can look back at any point. In fact, we've been doing it this month. We can look back at any point and say if we look at all the people who've joined the league where did most of them originally not when they join the League, but where did the originally join our list from? So we can basically compare original source with most recent source so we can see where do they originally come from?

And what was the thing that made them do the action? We're currently looking up because obviously that a recent source is constantly getting overwritten every time they're taking you action or or whatever they're doing which is not that often when they buy something new or when they optimism you. Got okay. yeah, I was just curious I use utms to for um all my troll not an emails, but from for my front end stuff. Yeah.

Okay. All right. So we're cool with this primary promise then. Interestingly very cool because three of the three really qualified people so not including the member who we spoke to but the other three who were good all said well if I could double my sales that will be good. So they all said if I could get from if I could double it if I could double it all three of them said that and we didn't we're consciously being very clean with our language.

Somebody don't lead them. And so did the member to be fair. The member also said yeah 25 to 50 25 to 50. So what's he didn't use the word double that is double the other thing that's come up. And again, we've got to be careful.

We don't see we don't you we don't that bias doesn't creep in here and make us only see the words that we want to see which is why I didn't say anything when you were reading through the through the now and after thing because the other word that's come up a lot in various different guyses is the word consistency at the minute every 100% of the people. We spoke to find find that their revenue is up and down this month. They might get New customers next month they might get none because they're doing launches. They're having to do a new push. We're having to put a new product out there.

However, they express them. They're right. They're either doing that or they've got one thing and they just hope for the best and sometimes that means they make sales and sometimes they don't so the words that came up with things like consistency consistently predictable predictably steady. Steady, yeah, they like even even without growth. They would like to at least see the same number of sales coming in all the time.

So that's a word we have used quite a lot when we've talked about things is to do with like making sure that every month, you know, you're gonna make the same sort of Revenue and if you drive more traffic in you'll make more sales because like that's a it's predictable enough to know that if you go and turn ads back on or if you go and get some new traffic from somewhere else, you're gonna make the same amount you're gonna make the same amount of money as you expect to make from that amount of traffic. So the idea of predictably predictably grow predictably scaling and growing and stuff. It's also quite hot for our people because they're fed up right now of it being farming and feast, Yeah, so I yeah predictability is huge. It's huge in every in every business. Like I think all of us want that right?

There's that there's that psychological principle of like people will take like people will always choose if you gave them a choice between an amount they'll always take a smaller Sure Thing versus a very risky High payoff, right? Like we just like certainty right? We're just like hardwired to let you know to want certainty and and of course in our businesses, we all want that which is why that word Perpetual kind of jumped in my mind when I talk to you Kennedy about like I was thinking about the actual is let me tell you about what Perpetual for me and see what you guys think. Perpetual means a bit like a launch where you do it every over and over again and I think for me Perpetual still has this spiking feeling whereas rather than autopilot Evergreen always on which is more like a flat to high flat rather than Perpetual. Yeah low high low.

I don't have the same thing because I always think about it. I was watching and I was watching an episode of Shark Tank the other day that brought this into they were talking about getting a royalty and perpetuity and I sort of I was thinking through what that really means and it effectively means the royalty will gone forever and I was thinking about it as and I do think of it as like a constant consistent thing. However, it's not my favorite word. I do prefer the word Evergreen but not for the same reason Kennedy said so I think yeah, I don't hate the word. I don't think it I don't think it I don't think it I don't think it's misleading or means anything different but I think Evergreens probably a nicer word.

I don't know. Got it. Okay. So regardless of whatever phrase or name we come up with. Actually that's That but that is kind of like the vision of what it is right?

It's either an you know, an evergreen or an automated or you know a Perpetual whatever it is sales engine that is just constantly working in the background to provide predictable consistent sales in your business through email. Yeah. Right, okay. Cool. All right.

So what we're gonna do today, then is kind of like I told you last week, it's three steps. First thing we're gonna do is delineate or outline step by step everything in your unique mechanism, right? Then we're going to interrogate that or expand on each one of those steps and kind of really with with that's about is just really providing a logical explanation for why you why that step is in your process why it's in why it's in the order that it's in what's the reason why you do it? What makes it different? What makes it faster.

What makes it easier Etc. And then we're just gonna come up with a bunch of functional dimensionalized and experiential benefits for every single one of those steps. So that what we have in the end is this unique mechanism education piece that is really just loaded with Benefits that Sense, it does one thing that I said it last time and I just want to make sure we're careful with this. Is with this being a membership rather than a course a course has like a very linear where you go through it and that's the reason you go through it and that order the point. Of a membership is that it's a bit.

It's completely Choose Your Own Adventure. Yes. We do have a thing called a Success track, which is like It's sort of says do these things in this order. But I don't know if that's what the whole message because the point is some people want to use that truthfully. I reckon less than half of the people do it.

That way. I think most people come in and go and find the stuff out on their own. So be careful about the order in which they do things because it is a Choose Your Own Adventure style because it's a membership. So I think we I think we had touched on this last time isn't there a way where you can just for these specific people you can tag them so that they take a specific path once they do land on the platform. we could but I think we need to be careful.

That doesn't then become a course because we want to we want to make sure people don't like come in stay for a couple of months then leave basically and then leave because we want to have a separate offer which we basically got a second offer, which is I can it just called an accelerator which is like a course version of this but it's six and a half Grand and they run through it with us in real time. Whereas the membership needs to be. Membership as in needs to be that more choose your Avenger style and then we did talk about. Having a separate. But yeah, I think we need to make sure this still works with it being a member.

Let me ask you a question. Right now, right. This is the primary promise. So are you saying that in for them to double their revenue revenue per email subscriber and the next 60 days without ever having to do all without ever having to launch another offer you're saying that if they logged in with their username and password they could use any adventure and and make this happen. Now that was that was Rob's concern as well last week, wasn't it?

No, I don't think it can. yeah, so um So right like this is the promise right? So we need to outline whatever steps they would need to take in order for them to achieve this primary promise educate them on that and then through the offer right we can you know, we the all the stuff that you're talking about about like when they log in and and kind of like choose their own adventure is all your offer stuff which will happen towards the end of this whole thing right where we where we present them with the opportunity to be able to then go through the steps that we outline here in the form of your offer. Right but there does have to be a um, it does have to be a path or a process that we explain to them about how they get this primary promise. So I'm just gonna what you think for this.

There's two ways we think of this. one Is the Success track? Or a version of like as we talked about last week. The other way is to think about if they consume their email engine training. And then they sort of go off on their tutorial Adventure.

But as long as the implement the the concept of the engine and start building that themselves and then they do it for the Success track or not. What do you think? the problem the thing is so remember I keep going back to this something something Paul said at the beginning weeks ago, which is you have to put you sort of have to put the product to one side here for a minute. Yeah, and think about it as And the mechanism is the engine regardless of what it's called how it's taught whether it's taught through the legal through the accelerator or through a two day in person event or through Harrier pigeon. However, it's taught the mechanism is the engine.

So in order to question that I realized we either have to say two seconds Alexa turn on the lamp. Or don't whatever that's fine. In order to question that we either have to say. That the engine is not the unique mechanism of the league. It's not.

Okay. So yeah. Well, you've got a valid point though, which is if we're going to take somebody in the accelerator, which is only 10 weeks long and we're teaching them to build it and we're working with them to build an entire engine and by the end of the 10 weeks if they do the work it's done and it's installed and it's it's built and it's ready. Technically speaking. That's 10 weeks and they're done now whether they do it through it with our help high touch in the in the accelerator where they do it by themselves in the league.

The outcome is the same. So why do they need to stay a member pass the 10 weeks if that's truly the unique mechanism of the league. I mean, I think in the league that's it longer because the reason the accelerator exists is because you don't do it that quickly. No I get that but that's that if people did it the promise the promise is 60 days. So we have to assume they're going to do it that quickly.

Otherwise, the promise is wrong and we have to we have to make the assumption that they're going to be good and they're going to do the work so putting that to one side. Sorry about this Paul. We just need to forget our heads around it. Get our heads around. This is a Duo first.

Yeah, so if we think about it for a second if somebody could Come into the league if they were smart and clever and just did the work. They could come into the league and they could do what we're gonna do in the accelerator by themselves in 60 days. They can't yeah and arguably that's what we're claiming with that big promise. Yeah. So if that's the case why from our perspective not and the answer can't be because most people are s*** and really slow.

That's that's a fact of life, but I can't be that's not good reason. Assuming everybody was amazing. That's not a good reason for somebody to be a member forever. Yeah, and one of the reasons to get BMW forever is because of the ongoing like because we I think all of us have to be constantly. and diagnosing what's working?

What's not working? Plus there's the software element. We haven't even talked to Paul about yet, you know as a software element of the membership, which is designed to keep them stay at paying for longer because they're now integrated with the software. Is that it? That could be a part of your mechanism like what you just what say what you told me before before the software thing.

You said like, you know, you have to you have to be aware of what's going on. And what's changing, right? Yeah. You have to know like hey suddenly my ex campaign is is have I got room for improvement there. What can I do to improve that and is that the right one?

Actually that's not working anymore. Do I need to take it out? So it's about analyzing what's working and constantly improving. Yeah, right and at that station so adaptation could be a step within your mechanism where you know, you say like look step one in order for you to do this. Is this step two is this step three is this but it's not a set it and forget it type of thing email is a living breathing thing with technology changes behaviors change markets change desires change awareness levels change and that's why built To your email strategy, you have to have the ability to adapt and you leave it at that right like you talk about that in the unique mechanism.

You have to have this ability to constantly monitor things and adapt so that when you make the offer they understand why that element is crucial because you explained it in the not explains why the group coaching calls are in that doesn't it to get help with that? There are those things that's done. That's made one of the thing done on me, which I think is useful which is if you compare this to if you offer wise if you compare this to the machine, Part of the machine is the sort of day-to-day daily email broadcasting bits like the stuff you do going forward so actually makes me realize that and I've thought about this for a while, but I've never said the words yet. I wonder if we have to take the idea of the engine of wind up calling it if we have to expand that out to actually include the whole thing that fits within the frame. So it's the getting to know your sequence.

It's the sales campaigns that are automated. It's the LOL campaign. It's the tell me more campaign and it's the every three weeks six weeks nine weeks 12 weeks every week whatever you can take a live campaign and just run it to your list because a live campaign is more effective a seven day live campaign is more efficient than seven days of random daily emails. So like that that is part of the engine even though it's not good. Yeah.

So we've always thought at the end of the automated bit actually, but it needs to engine. We need to expand our definition of the engine to being the entire email operating system of your business higher infrastructure of email infrastructure. Yes, everything. This has been yet. Very good.

Okay, great. Okay. Which means that the W Revenue per email subscribe in the next six years is only the first bit of it, obviously. Because what we don't want them to do is to go we don't want Reza the guy we spoke too early for example to go right? I've just doubled my revenue from 25 Grand to 50 Grand in 60 days.

I'm done. I'm out like the next step is. Okay. Great. Now what you want to do you want to double it again.

Do you want to you know, what's the Cause when he hits 50 papers, he's gonna want something else. Yeah, that's almost like the fast result 60 days is not super fast, of course, but like that's the I think it's really result. I think it's faster any realistic business owner. I think totally absolutely yeah, it's also it's also different than kind of what you you know, what you talked about before in terms of like being consistent and predictable right? Like okay, you could double your Revenue in the next 60 days, but that's that's different than doubling your Revenue in the next 60 days and then doing that over and over and over again for the remainder of the life of your business.

Yeah. Right. Those are two different things. Yeah, so do we need to expand that promise a little bit into bit to something to do with the fact that and ever having to launch another offer and then reap the rewards of consistent sales day in day out something like that. Yeah, I mean, I think there's this this two different approaches.

You can take you can take that approach. Will you expand on that promise and then, you know, it's a bigger campaign with with a bigger unique mechanism and then obviously a bigger offer or a smaller more specific promise like this with a small, you know a show maybe a smaller mechanism. and then, you know again part of what you teach them in your entire membership and then upsell them into you know continuity or you know, however you want to keep them on there. I mean, I don't think either one is right or wrong. It's just a decision that you have to make as to which way which path you want to take.

I think I definitely don't want to have that feel of like 60 days and you're done. I think we need to build in this idea that I could because in there all the in the interviews that we've done with the with the prospects in that research. It has been about consistency. I mean that seems to be more important than necessarily doubling. I don't think it's probably it's definitely equally as important as doubling their revenue.

I think they want to double it but they want to do it through consistent sales. Rather than Peaks and troughs highs and lows peace and famine. Okay. Would you say that I mean, I think a hundred percent of people mentioned both of those things. It's not like one came up in the other one didn't ever it was all about consistency.

Yeah. So it could be to consistently and predictably double your Revenue per email subscriber without having to ever launch another offer in the next 60 days. Right? That's one way to put it could be the double your Revenue per subscriber and the next 60 days without ever having to launch another offer and then consistently repeat that process over and over again, um for the life of your business, right, I think Those approaches different plays on the words, but that's ultimately what you want to promise is that they'll be able to do this in the first 60 days and then repeat it over and over and over again. Right, and that's what they really actually don't need to repeat the work that's important.

Like the work doesn't get repeated. Basically, they've done the work once and now By doing it. Once they now have consistency. That's the real draw to this like you've now set it up. And now it's consistently making new sales every new subscriber comes and go through this this really dialed in fine-tuned experience that turns consistent sales out.

And then you also have the ability to then add these additional things on the end. So which is like live promotions and stuff. So I'm just wondering if there's Yeah, but if you need if you need if you need the ability to constantly stay on top of things and the ability to adapt then the work isn't done. Once the workers are consistent product. So work in progress really because that's part of it.

That's part of it. Well, it's but that Of generates to it. It's generates a little bit of a cold word. It's like I mean, it's only for us a realize but Sort of double the revenue per person email subscribing the next 60 days and will generate consists of sales. I haven't really launcher offer.

You can. move and and I don't see any reason why you wouldn't be able to do that because you have all of these systems built out to do these exact things. We just have to prove all of that in the mechanism. Right? Here's how you hear the steps for you to double the email to double the subscriber Revenue in the next 60 days and then here are the steps to make that consistent.

Um without having to launch another offer. Oh, yeah. I've got really what if we change offer to product because we do talk about like every every campaign is almost a different offer for the same product. So it's it's without no can we teach the difference? So it's it's really without launching another product, isn't it?

Yeah it is because we we do multiple office for the same product as our secret sauce, really. Got it, okay. Which is fine because most people don't know the difference. Anyway, yes, that's fine, right? cool Right and shall we delineate?

Yeah. So let's go. What's what's the first step in this process? So the first thing we get them to do which has an immediate impact on how much making they're making personal growing per month is we get them to run and that LOL sequence that I taught in in Orlando so that they end up basically ditching all the Deadwood on their list. So they carries one thing there is one thing we give them before that but I don't think we should include it in this list because it's like I throw away it takes half an hour and it's just designed to get them to go and do so it does make a difference but it's just designed to go and get them to do something.

So I think actually no what it does the way that I position that so the thing we've gotten to do first of all is called adding a super signature to all of our emails, which is like but it basically turns all emails. into sales opportunities automatically. That's the first thing it does. So it's basically a signature on the bottom of every email which is like and just says also when you're ready. And here's some ways we can help here.

Okay, and it lists like two free things and usually two purchase things. Okay next so everything that you just told me about. What the super signature is and why you add it or why you tell them to do it is what we're gonna do here in this interrogation part. So for now just looking for very top level stuff. Okay.

So you add the super signature to every email next and if this is just a matter of you going through this steps in the oh and then the next campaign that then that's fine. Let's that's all we need. Yeah, I'm gonna go through our success truck. Now the next thing we do is we run a subscriber Revival campaign I'm just gonna sentence check some stuff as we go so somebody could add that super signature in an afternoon. So that would be done.

The Revival campaign does take 14 days to run but they could be doing other things whilst it's like once they've written it they could spend a day or two writing it and then spent it's gonna say cuz like a 14 days that's nearly a quarter of their 60 days taken up. So they have to we have to just in our heads be going right so they have to be doing something else at the same time as that's running so that's okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah, because they could be writing the next one that was running kind of thing. And yeah.

All right. Then we show the now again. This is a I'm not sure I want to anyway, the next thing on the actual list is we show them how to send. basically daily emails how to it's basically Let's reframed that thing that email newsletter. I think the answer to this is quite simple and it's the thing.

We've sort of we've discussed with the bottom seamo strategy. We never talked about which is for me. I think the value of the botanistemail strategy is in every single campaign that you write. There are going to be story-based emails, but there's gonna be a story that I'm gonna write about something my dad. Did they can't use that story about something.

My dad did as their dad didn't do that thing the bottoms email strategy gives them the ability the talent the skill to be able to find the stories from their everyday life that they can use to illustrate the thing that the illustrate the point of that story. So for me that that makes their campaigns That makes an able to write campaigns that they could otherwise would struggle with. Yeah. So what was email strategy? It's basically the replacement for the email newsletter.

But at that stage in the roadmap, that's so irrelevant. To the outcome the daily, you might the Reinventing then newsletter is actually not relevant at that State. That's what I'm thinking. We might Jake this around a little bit actually. No, I still think it's important because they can't write the they can't write the other campaigns.

Well, unless they know how to do the story bit. Okay, so is it irrelevant was important? No, no Reinventing. Your Daily newsletter is a relevant. Knowing how to write great stories for emails super relevant.

Great, so we could reposition that. Yeah, the little intro video that we do at the beginning could say this is a skill that's going to pay you forever and ever and ever because when you get further down the road and you just want to be sent a little right, no on that, dude. And Technical is there any like technical housekeeping they have to do before this like list cleaning or anything like that? You don't get that I does. Okay.

Okay, cool. There's a thing there's a thing we can use for that when we get further in this process, but I just want to say it so that hopefully one of us will remember our pal Adrian teaches the the cleaning your list thing as being like an overnight way to double your open rate. Basically the minute you start sending to half the well, you know, a third of a list the third of the size you open it's gonna at least double and so I think it's worth when we get to the next bits. It's probably worth having that as a thing. We can Nick you'll be happy for us to nicking which is this idea that that step is gonna first of all just mean every email you sense gonna get more engagement.

Etc Got it. Okay. So we got super signature subscriber Revival bottomless email strategy and then we actually reduce them to the automation engine. So like an actual structure. Of how you should physically set up your email automations.

Okay. So it's called the automation engine. But yeah, the benefits of that later compare the machine basically, it's similar next. It's we call it getting to know you sequence. It's the welcome sequence.

Then we have a thing called the Overture sequence which we teach. so Overture Okay. Then we teach them the technical. Bits of setting up that automation engine because at this point they'll need it. If you only have those two things, they actually don't need it.

But now gonna go right. How do I link those things together? This is called how to it's called. you'll it's gonna build your controller. Okay.

The next one is Robby. This is boost your delivery and prevent imposters. This is the technical stuff to do with deliverability, isn't it? Yeah, I think it doesn't need to put it doesn't need a place. In this little thing here.

and the next one is called tell me more. Okay. No, just to pause for a sec. In reality in order to get this in order for this 60-day thing to pay off. That's probably not the best Next Step.

Their actual best. Next step in reality is probably to write another three sequences. like another three campaigns Yeah, so that's when we start the next step is either to do. Sale or some kind of sale basically so that we've got the time lord or Black Friday. I think that's I think that's a relevant to the point of the it sounds good in the road map and we need to get them doing some stuff.

But I think in reality what they need to do is to run all of the it's right under the three campaigns run all four of them live. Okay, so we'll tell me more out of there. And we'll put in. Basically, right another three sequences so a content-led campaign. That's a little bit.

And then the next one will be. objection handling campaign I think that's gonna be longer or just listed there. That was probably longer than 60 days. What do you think Rob? Well, it depends we could do that in 60 days, but could is there enough time in terms of the number of emails?

I need to go out welcome. So 14 days for subscriber Revival welcome sequences for that's 18 over just six twenty four. You wouldn't need to send the welcome sequence live would you? true so that can move back of the tiger frames honey. Yes, that's s*** 14 Plus Overture is six.

So that is 22. no 20 Sorry, yeah 20. I couldn't let campaign golden cloak or something. yeah, so that's gonna be Well, you've got to run it to its entirety even if people whiz through it having you so. So six no four eight.

twelve So that's 32 objection handling. Yeah, we're still within 60 days. And yes for plus a trial on the end. Yes, definitely still within 60 days cool, and then we'll got finally we'll be a risk reversal campaign. That will be the last one.

That'll be underneath that. Yeah. Yeah, whether it's the weather is actually the last step or whether something else we need to add on the end. I'm not sure. Well, the next step is automate that really because the idea is you would run these live.

Then you would take it and automate it and it's the process of both running it live and that'll make you a flood. It'll make you a flood of cash quickly. But it won't double your Revenue per email subscribe exactly. It's it's the really it's the having the it's having that automated that's gonna really I creates the influx in the first 60 days. I think I think that the end the consistency bit comes from automating that so what's the double just been being difficult for a minute if somebody comes in and they're going to run it live and they run it live.

And they make 20 grand. What does that have to be? What does that have to be double in order to qualify? What if the doubled per what based have they done? The good news is we've already cut down how many subscribe disengage subscribers they've got.

So we've already like her subscriber. That number that ratio is already been putting our favor hasn't it? Yeah, we should explain that actually. What now to Paul or today? We should explain that we should explain that to them.

We should say there's a bit of a trick here. You're part of the trick here is that of course you are in the same with the Adrian explains. The W open rate thing is a bit of a it's a bit of a trick because obviously you've got fewer people. So, of course you have get rid of the Duds. Yeah got rid of that.

They could run they could run that live in 60 days, but then it's after the 60 days that then they basically automate all of that. So that's the stuff that we have running plus some other stuff that we have running automatically in our business every single day that creates the consistency. Yeah. Okay. Anything is that if there's anything else let me know.

I think I think tell me more campaign Rob the process now I think is continued to on a regular basis as regularly as you want to can and can sustain run live campaigns from our library. I think that's two other things. I think the next thing is and automate all of that stuff. So the next line could be automate. and then after that it's gonna be run and it's basically we've got a directory of I mean currently 34 35 campaigns and the idea is every however often you want to make another bunch of sales get another little Peak.

You can take one of those and run it live. So then from then on it's literally so after all to me. It's about picking. Live campaigns they want to run. And if they really like them they can then automate those ones.

I mean, I hate to say that we're Geniuses the three of us, but we've created that as bowra Barra system. Have you take the first letter of every word and call it? It's the aspiracara system. I like it good. captain so before I move on would you say this is everything?

Yeah more or less. I mean the only thing that's missing is something called the tell me more campaign, but I would do that after you've automated probably and before you pick live campaigns. Don't know about you. After so between the last two yeah. Yeah, and they tell me more is or is automated from day one.

Yeah, so that's tell me more is basically a look but didn't buy campaign. Okay, so that would go here. Yeah. Yeah, okay. All right.

Is there anything that they need to is there anything that they is there any shift in thinking? Or the way that they're approaching email marketing now right in the in the in the now section of that now and after that they need that they need to change there any you know perspective change that they need to have before they jump into this quite a lot. If they buy like if we get them over the line to give it a shot. So like the guy we spoke to today the customer. He's a great example because Kennedy asked the question how much what was it if anything that got in your way of buying before you bought and he said no nothing really because I just see something it makes sense.

I decide to give it a go. It's ninety nine dollars a month, which is for him. Not like he said in my words. He said that's cheap for me. So he said I just bought it gave it a go.

So he was somebody throws himself in quite deeply if we get once we get somebody over the line of thinking I'm gonna become a member. I guess we need to talk about people having yet come over the line. The training takes care of most of those mindset shifts as we go. However, are there any that we need to get them over the line to actually join? I'm not sure.

Like everything so I think the mindset shifts fall into place as you go through it. So here's an example, right? So like when we teach E5, right, um, we teach all these there's various components in an E5 campaign, right? There's a primary promise. There's a big idea.

There's a unique mechanism. There's a lead there's a sin offer. There's all of these different specific components that are in the campaign, right but we explain to people beforehand why those components are necessary and a lot of it has to do with stages of awareness, right? So somebody who might be brand new they might not know direct response marketing. They just want the promise.

They just want the result right? They're like, I want to get here they want they want this primary promise. I want to get new more new customers clients and profits and the next 60 days the most coaches consultants and experts seeing an entire year. I want that right? And so we explain this five step.

Process to them but we also have to like kind of explain some stuff to them before that that makes everything in the process makes sense to them and it usually starts with the concept of Market awareness right explaining to them how there's five levels of awareness and how an E5 campaign works the best and is designed for problem-aware people so that when we when we start explaining to them, well, this is, you know, a big idea enables you to get their attention and cut through the noise. Right? Don't you mechanism enables you to do this. So there's some context that we give them before. Yes.

So the thing they need to really get um is People human beings by for different reasons. So if you've put out a if you've put out a promotion for your let's say you sell how to run, you know running a running membership. If you send a bunch of emails, which say hey, I've got my running membership. You should go buy enough for six days. You haven't maximized your sales because people buy for different reasons.

So then what we do after that six days, that's what we call an overture sequence. The next thing we have is we have a content-led campaign which then comes along and says, here's a bit of content and if people engage with that we link from that bit of content to an offer which is relevant to that, but then some people would stop We don't stop we then go in with an objection handling campaign and then some people will buy from that and some people won't and if they don't we go along with a risk reversal campaign. And something will buy from that and if they'd and and so on and so forth. So the point is we do more and better promotions. Than anybody else we know for one single product.

And that's what this that's what the secret sauce is. They says more unique angles and ways of promoting the same one product so that you can squeal and now you're squeezing in terms of our marketing, but essentially what we do is we squeeze our list for as many buyers as Possible like more than anybody else that we know when we presented this concept and in Las Vegas these guys who are making like serious dollar. Well, like like doing nothing like this. So even people at the top of the game are not doing this so they need to understand that we need to promote things from different angles. I'm not talking about different angle for every email who's having to six email sequence.

No because the second bunch of emails might have a bonus in it and I have a limited time bonus scene the Third campaign might have it might be a free seven day trial. So it's it's totally different offers. There's a second part to it too, which is to do with the idea of so, that's the first bit the second bit is to do with automating it so the problem with so that's all well and good. But you also have to remember that what most what happens to most people is most most of the time most people subscribers are joining their list and then they might be getting some sort of Welcome campaign for sure because obviously Russell brunson's taught one and Ryan dice has taught one, but they might have some sort of Welcome campaign in place whether these hours or somebody else is that's fine. But then they then start typically receiving whatever broadcast emails are being sent out the time which means if your mid launch they're getting mid launch emails.

If you're at the end of the launch, they're getting the the, you know, the end of the launch emails if you're not in a launch at all, they're just getting whatever random emails. You're gonna send them. So let's imagine right if somebody launches to their list. Twice a year or three times a year for a couple of weeks at a time or a month at a time. That means that for most of the year.

They're just sending whatever emails they happen to be sending at the time. Whereas with this regardless of what you're doing. Even if you're in a cooler in hospital your subscribers are joining your list because you didn't turn the Facebook ads off before you went in the coma your subscribers are joining a list and therefore the first 60 days or whatever the first week month and a half. They're going through the same set of Highly proven campaign highly highly proven High converting campaigns and sequences that everyone goes through so that Perpetual evergreen-ness of just constantly plowing plowing new people through a thing that's already proven to convert means technically and we wouldn't recommend it. You could never send another live broadcast again and just focus on driving more people through and you would still make more money than most people make so it's it's that idea of taking your very best stuff which is this and sticking it automated so that every new person goes through it again.

It's quite unique compared to what most people do most people will Just have a string of random emails in a follow-up sequence in aweber that goes on for three years and is completely irrelevant or they'll just you know, you'll you'll opt into their list and you'll just get whatever they're doing at the time which is never going to be efficient. And what would you would you would you summarize that as like the context thing that we talk about? That's a different thing. I think it's a different thing. I think context is part of that.

So it's the fact that the foot the campaigns build context for you and why you're emailing them what you do a lot of that fits into the getting to know your campaign really though, I think and the Overture I think for me really it's it's context is a little part of it. It's important but it's a little part of it certainly not as interesting. The interesting bit is imagine if you took all of your best stuff and for every subscriber through as soon as they joined, oh and the further point of that is the first 60 days the first 30 days really but the first 30 to 60 days are critical for you to turn a subscriber into a customer. Or a customer into a repeat Customer because if you don't the chances of them ever buying from you are dramatically slashed. So know what you just said about the repeat customer.

I was gonna ask you that actually so, uh, let's say you're somebody like me where I have 20 different products and I run two front end acquisition campaigns to call traffic. I don't go to I don't go to lead magnets I go directly to sales page. So I'm either getting buyers that are coming in or I use a two-step order form. So they go to the order form and they start filling it out. They don't complete I will get subscribers that way.

So I I so let's assume What do I do with the people that come in as buyers? Would they get this just for the next product? So I'm gonna take I'm gonna take a puntate we've never said this before but I would argue that you're not our ideal Customer because of your Wide range of products we typically are looking to find somebody who's got like one core thing that they want to sell most people into like a membership or a coaching thing or something like that and the goes to that in our business though. What we do is are like called core product is obviously the league. However, we don't run any paid traffic directly into that and if we did that would be fine.

Like if somebody comes along clicks on our joins the league and now they're remember that's great. We have it gets a bit more complicated but just seeing understand that where it fits. We have another engine for League members that's designed to sell them other stuff that's not included in the league and you will see upgrade to annual like stuff that they can buy that's not included or is an add-on or whatever. So we have like a different engine for those people because I because the league is ideally ideally the way we would see it is all of our ideal clients will either have something that's recurring or expensive so that goal is to sell everybody that and the engine is designed to sell them the recurring or expensive thing if you've got like if you've got 200 if you've got like 20 20 products that are between twenty seven dollars and $500 that sort of hard that's always hard for us to coach people through this process because they're like, but I don't know. I've got 20 products because I don't know like I don't know which one I want people to buy and like we don't do any that can't we think for the the email marketing machine gets to engine gets to unwieldy.

If you start having too many different routes through it. It's one problems machine. So that's the problem that I had with the machine was that I have I had a freaking months. I had an automation set up for every single one of those things and then it just it gets bigger and bigger and bigger and it grows into this living monster of a thing and if one person gets tagged and correctly or they click on a wrong link, it's just it turns into a nightmare. Oh, yeah, so that was that's what that's one of the reasons why we like this approach.

So yeah, what we would say to you is have something else like a high ticket coaching thing or a membership or a thing that you only have to sell once but you're gonna make either lots of money from it or you're gonna make money from it every month forever. That should be like your call offer your we call it room. Like all roads lead to room and then use the engine to sell that and then what you can do is use your 20 offers to bring in people. However, you like and then and then they all go into the engine and get sold into the core thing unless they buy the core thing on the front obviously so like so for example, if I bring people in on my store, I bring people and all my storytelling product, right and I show them how to take their marketing message and we To a story that captures people attend people's attention and 60 seconds or less. Right?

And then the upsell for that is I move them into actually building out a campaign where we use the story as the lead in the campaign and then I show them all these different things how to do research how to take the story and put it in the lead how to come up with the big idea Etc. So you're just saying that if I brought them in on the storytelling thing I could use these campaigns to upsell them into the coaching that they do with me in that and building out the actual 100% exactly that makes and you always happens to link very closely to the thing. They bought it doesn't particularly have to it's just it could be a wildly different thing. But yeah. Got it.

Okay. So now So everything that we have here right is everything that has to do with your offer, right? But the only reason I I pulled it out of you this way is because I just want to get some kind of structure around this right but we're actually not gonna talk about any of this specifically in the unique mechanism education portion. We're gonna talk about all of this in your offer, right? So in other words, what we don't want to say is like hey, if you want this if you want to achieve this primary promise, you need to subscriber Revival you need a bottomless email strategy.

You need an automation engine blah and then you get to the offer and it's like hey, I have a bottomless email strategy. I have you know, it's just it's it's just feels very set up when you do it that way. So what we're gonna do here is we're gonna zoom out and go one level up and talk about the strategy behind. Each one of these things and or or the main reason why you you have them there and if some of them fall under the same strategy, then we can categorize them. So like um, for example, right like there's a million different things that go on an E5 campaign, but they can be broken down into five main strategies right examination phase engineering phase expansion phase Etc.

Right and there are certain things that we teach that full into a specific category. So like in the evaluation stage or the expansion stage Todd has a program called campaign rescue where he teaches you all of these different arm ways to identify constraints in the campaign. So like in the eat in the education based part of the campaign, I wouldn't ever talk specifically about campaign rescue. I would talk about how you fix a broken campaign, right? So that's what we're looking for here.

We're looking for one step up the strategy behind the subscriber Revival behind the bottomless email behind this in other words the big reason why they do it and if they fall into multiple categories, we can separate them that way. Yeah, that makes sense perfectly. They should be quite straightforward for us because we've got I think we know what we're doing with this bit. That's good. Let's go through it.

Okay, cool, so let's start with this one, what's the big reason why they add the super signature It's to turn every email they send naturally. into a sales opportunity every single time most if even if you've got nothing for sale that day it turns every email into a sales opportunity. Which are on the on the basis of the more the more offers you make to the more people the more the more sales you always going to make. And it doesn't anyway where even people who are frightened of selling won't mind having this there. Okay, you can send a purely content leading content email.

Hi. Oh, I just got back from the shops. Have a nice day. It'll have this in you'll make sense. Okay, three.

So every the three was just Kennedy. That's gonna come down here. Great, right. You just said about what happens when that that we're gonna expand on right but for now. Let's just start with.

Like real high level, right? What's the big strategy behind the subscriber Revival? Well Let me just figure out the the highest level bit of this. It's basically that. You know in order to in order to get your emails into the inboxes of the people who could buy from you.

You have to stop your emails being sent to the people who won't buy from you. Okay, so you need to get your emails into the hands of the right people. Yeah and stop and yeah and stop the wrong people ruining that. That's the big thing is like on your email and people who shouldn't be getting your emails because they've disengaged that's their damaging ability to get. to get delivered Okay.

Okay, so that subscriber Revival bottomless email strategy? Basically telling stories in almost every email you send. Connect you more deeply with your subscribers. It gives you more actually better than that. This is the approach.

That means that you will never run out of email content. That's the that's the main thing I would say. Yeah, you never run out of email content if you use this approach. It's impossible to run our content. Okay, I don't like the word comes.

I don't actually like the word content because it sort of I think most people see that as sending everyone out of ideas for emails. Yeah, you know, yeah, that's it. Okay, so that part would go here that'll go into the next part the automation engine. basically is ultimate your best campaigns It's it's a really yeah, it's it's how you automate your best campaign. Again, looking at the benefits later.

Okay. It's awesome not talking benefits because you know marketing guy. Yeah. well, I'm gonna sequences to Build context for every new subscribe. Well, actually it's not that's not true.

It's higher up than that. It's basically maximize the maximizer engagement from every subscriber for the lifetime of that of them being on your list forever. So maximize your engagement forever. That is a benefit but That's all it could be. It's also the strategy, doesn't it?

Yeah. I mean, there's a better benefit than that, which is people will continue raving about your emails a little bit become fans will open and click every email you send them. Okay. Next this is the context one, I think. Yeah, so this this builds context for your product to people who would otherwise be Clueless.

context the build context for product or two product We're around for your product. Okay. You control that is? how you Trigger, it's a it's a streamlined. It's streamlining.

The automation of emails is now yeah. So you don't end up with that Spaghetti Junction type. Problem that you just you described before. Yep, okay. content that contain so this is basically and it's a way of selling the same thing again.

um But it doesn't look like you're selling so what's the best way to describe in that? It's clear you could basically you cloak a sales message in content. Yeah. So rather than saying here's a sales page you go. Here's a video and they teach something you teach something very similar.

So when E5 campaign really is the way you know how it starts off with come with with actual content with it's usually content or education that it's usually educational. Educational content well, hey there we go. Objection handling campaign, literally. Handles, the objections of why they haven't why people who haven't bought haven't bought. Yeah it turns and those in the yeses.

That's the benefit. It's about overcoming objections to buy. risk reversal campaign removes risk from buying your room offer or offer Okay, actually think we might need to make a slight change here just from the purpose of basically. I'm just thinking back to if you go back up a few tourists as automate your best campaigns automation engine. I don't actually know what we teach there because the controller is actually the sort of tech about how in in the course in the membership.

The controller bit is the tech about how you do it and then automating it is the step of actually building the automations. I think the way where we've currently got automate us campaigns automation engine. That is the same how it's it's how it how they fit together. So they're probably yeah, we probably lump that up with the other one to be honest. I'm sorry.

I lost you there my signalment. And yeah, we could probably combine automate your best campaigns automation Engine with the control lighting because I so I think it's I think it's slightly different. I think that you can take for me the stream the the Builder control. The one is about getting it's as much a mindset things as everything about understanding how this is gonna be streamlined and easy. I think when it comes to the step of automation that the stress the Strategic reason for that is to take your best campaigns and make them Evergreen.

So I think if you took ultimate your best campaigns automation engine, which is currently line six. Or five and and put that down whether where the word automate is. I think that's gonna be fine. Okay. Tell me more.

and tell me more is I mean, I mean the highest level it's the it's people who looked at your main offer, but didn't buy. So it's your heart that it's basically how do non-market and speak. It's basically you check I see what it is. If people who went and looked at the sales page for your main offer a bunch of times should High buyer intent, but then just didn't buy. so follow up I kind of plus all this follow-up really but yeah, it's a bit more than follow-up.

I think it's I'll tell you what happens Paul is you know, you can set the numbers to be different. But if somebody clicks have any of the links in about as a it has it adds a high intensity close, but only to the people who in the right position to hear it. Wow, you were talking about when your lips there. Well, that was amazing. I don't know what's happening with my internet.

Did you hear what I said or not? Yeah. Yeah, but like you were like freaking that event you like Terry Fair there was amazing. Um, yeah, basically they go if they go and click and look at our and sales page from any Link in any of the emails like the sense so far if they look if they click three times in any 60 days. We took them out of everything that they're already going through live campaigns automate whatever and we put them through that high intensity campaign to convert them.

So it's about identifying high probability. purchasers Yeah and put into a high intensity conversion company. Okay. Pretty good. This isn't it.

I've just I've Tethered to my phone in case that's better than my home internet. cool Yeah, well, I was trying to say before when I was breaking up. Is it effectively it allows you to do like a high intensity clothes I guess but only to the people who are like warmest. So yeah. It's still doing it which makes me think it's the computer not the internet.

Why don't you come out of the meeting and back in? Okay, pick live campaigns. So that is that's the bit where you get to basically grab a new campaign and send it to your live broadcastable list to make sales. Or say that one more time. So you get to basically grab any one of the library campaigns and run it live to your list to make more sales.

And the idea of that is if it goes really well, you can automate it as well. Traveling whatever ways we could. Sort of position running live campaigns Rob. Well, it's basically to continue. So if I say in in my words first live campaigns work, like every every so often like however often you can't running a live campaign works better than just sending seven or seven-day campaign works better than sending seven sporadic random emails.

So basically allows you to continue if somebody goes through your engine and the reason they didn't buy was purely that the time was wrong like they're dealing with a sick relative or like they're just about to fly somewhere or whatever about to go. Yeah something if the only reason they didn't buy is timing you're ongoing email Mark. In fact, that's a good way of thinking about it instead of saying pick live campaigns. Let's just say continue to like rule out and you new email so whether that's campaigns or broadcasts or whatever so can It's just regular I don't mean regular as an ordinary. It's like regular consistent.

It's consistently email is showing up, isn't it? Anyway, my point is I think if we just make that something to do with to continue to send emails all the time a combination of campaigns and broadcasts. You basically then fix the timing problem of people who can't buy while they're in the engine because the timing is wrong. Continue emailing as well. I was thought but it just sounds great.

But that's basically what we're going for. We might have to talk about the better name for the night. If we ever have to say it. Yeah, we'll come up with a better name for it. Okay, so Okay.

Okay, so does this make sense to you guys? Right? So the three of us were or out, you know, we're out having dinner having a beer or whatever. I tell you guys. I'm like man if I could double my my Revenue per email subscriber in the next 60 days and I could do that consistently without ever having to launch another product.

My life would be perfect. And you said to me Paul, you know what that's exactly what we did for a very long time and I can tell you exactly what you need to do. In order to do that. First. You need to turn every email into a sales opportunity.

Then you need to get your emails into the hands of the right people and not and remove the wrong ones. Then you need to have stories and every email you sent. Does this order in that context. Does this order and sequence of this explanation makes sense? X almost I think in reality in that context, we would probably swap around the first two.

Okay, I can't see sat across the table in a bar. The first thing Kennedy or I would actually say is Alice Superstition to every email that you send. I think we would go just more like a quick win when you're in the membership to make you feel like you've done something. That's what that really is. Yeah, it's not a sales point.

It's more of a I mean, I've made some progress the little tactic. Yeah. Okay, it's like putting your name on the worksheet. Yeah, it makes you feel like you got started. It's a sense of achievement early on that's all it is.

Which is more about retention for us than it is about the result. Okay, so should it be here or not? Really? Probably not you should you know what you should do it because there are gonna be um should do it you should do early because it's it's a pain as we know to pay in the ass to go back and do it. Once you've done the rest of it you yes, you should do it because you do want it to be you do want it to be in the in you do want it to be in every email that you send apart from.

It is actually having said that Even if you had it, we don't but even if you had it in the LOL campaign, it would increase your chat another thought this it would increase your chances of getting to people to click and re-engage wouldn't it? Because it gives them four more things. They can click on. So now I think about it. Yeah, is it a good thing to come up with first yet?

Probably is. I take it back. I think it's not as important as the first one though in terms of like how important it is what we say first. I think you had a great point, which is turn you get your email. I haven't the right people to move the wrong ones.

I think that's more important. It is other than the fact that having your super signature in your in your other world campaign should help you to revive people. Oh, yeah. Yeah switching background again. Okay, so up to this point.

We probably wouldn't have done now. We've interrogated a bit. We probably would that's the point of this process, isn't it? I guess yeah. Yeah.

Wonder how many people go through this and go I don't have a product. Well, what's I'll tell you what what's really cool about this is This is different like a lot of times when I work with people. I think I've told you this and we start going through their process and what we're trying to figure out what's different. They're just telling me about all the stuff that they're doing. That's the same as everybody else.

You're saying about the fitness guy. Well, we do exercises. Yeah everybody. Yeah. Well, I teach people how to teach people about this thing called the keto diet.

No one's ever heard of it before. Yeah. Oh no Okay, so um now you've got an number two twice there do just you know, before you get involved. There you go. Okay.

Now some of these questions I'm gonna ask you. Right, they're gonna have obvious answers to us, but they might not for them. So just work with me. Okay, cool. Why you guys stop one second you carry on.

Yep. Why do I want to turn every email into a sales opportunity or you know, why do I want to do that first? So I'm just gonna I'm gonna say words and if you just pull out the thing that makes most sense for the context of what you're looking for. It's basically the fact that if you send people aren't waking up every day and thinking how do I go and buy something from Paul which means that they're not looking for your website. They're not stumbling around unless it's Black Friday.

They're not stumbling through your website trying desperately to find something to buy from you. However, if you show up let's say every day to a list of a thousand people and send that's 365,000 offers you make in across the course of a year you are going to make more sales than on actually not we're not quite there yet that's suicunning more emails. So well, I was halfway there and I went off on one. So basically the more offers you make the more sales you make and you want to make sure that every email you put into the hands of your subscribers has the opportunity for it to become a customer because they're not actively looking for something to buy from you. Whereas if it's just presented to them and it happens to grab their attention.

They might buy it. So frequency and create a frequency of offer increases frequency of sales. so the more often you make the more sales you make I'm trying to I would love to be. Like a little lazy and right what you just said about frequency But ultimately this is going to turn into copy that goes on the page. So I'm trying to write it as if I'm talking to a third grader, right because in the copy we would never say Frequency equals bubble won't even use words like frequency, right?

We would just say this like as if I was talking to a third grader, right? Yeah, that's one of the things I'm gonna say stuff and then you'll have to just go. No, that's not like that's the right sentiment but like the wording is totally wrong and that's why. Yeah, definitely. We I think we probably do fall into the Trap sometimes of not simplifying stuff enough.

Definitely. Okay, get your emails into the hands of the right people and remove the wrong ones. What's your question that we're answering during this point? so the question could be Like why do I do this first? Um, why?

Why is this? Why did like, what's the result that it's gonna provide like why should I do it? You mentioned it before because it destroys your deliverability. Yeah, I mean, it's just doing that doing that is the number one thing above everything else that's gonna make you get into somebody's inbox. Instead of being ditched.

all put in the promotions table spam like it's way more important than the tech or any of the other stuff. This could be a benefit but we'll get back to that have stories in every email you send. Why am I doing that? What did we put as the as the as the things are it's technically I want to be careful. It's not the same thing have stories in every email you send.

This is really awesome. You have stories have stories in every email that you ever said. It's so you can't you can't ever run out of ideas. You can't ever get to your computer and not know what to write so you can't run out. Yeah, you'll never run out of ideas for emails.

and in addition to that your audience your your subscribers. Won't ever feel that they've heard everything from you. It can't get bored. There are there are when we teach this there are two new people. There are.

like objections they have to the idea of it like we quite often hear people say things like it's so self indulgent to just write it right about yourself every day. People are gonna you know marketing supposed to be about about the customer and you know, they've heard the lesson they've heard the generic lesson without application that all copy should be written in the in the you know, everything should begin with you will and you like about the customer they've heard that lesson once that thing idea that concept wants and taking it so literally that they live in that box now of everything has to be about the customer. Without exception. So yeah, we sometimes get an objection to that, but I don't think it's an issue. Well, we haven't said their stories about them.

So we just that's true. Actually, that's true. Yeah, just yeah, you can't run out stories. That's fine. The thing is if you email every single day and it's just about here's what he's another benefit of my product or feature my product.

You've got a finite. You've got a very limited number of emails you can send with stories. It's unlimited means you can never you can literally never know. Got it. Okay, maximize your engagement forever.

Well, it's not about to get to know you sequence. I'm basically what most people do is they so I'm gonna say again I'm gonna say far too many words and we'll strip it down. Most people have somebody come and join their list to get a lead magnet expecting the transaction is then sort of over and then you have this really hard job to try and keep them engaging with the rest of the emails that they didn't want in the first place at that sets it up so that they want to keep hearing from you. And they're excited by that and therefore they because they're because they want to be on your list. They're gonna be there forever.

So people for people want to want to and look forward to your other. And actually it it actually positions your emails themselves as valuable to them. Rather than being a nuisance or an annoyance. I wonder if I wonder if that's the step. Like position your emails.

as valuable but it's hard for us because we're so close to this stuff. We know what we find Value about it, but it's invaluable to have somebody that you come along and go actually. Yeah, but I think most people care about that. Monitorial engagement. Bye.

everybody you click hmm build context for your product that people otherwise wouldn't have known about yes, so this is about the fact that You want to tell them the store? So basically the two ways we could we top we still we talk about this a one is I want something to it guys. Let's not that long ago. First email I get from Amaze bonus three is expiring at midnight. I'm like what the fox bonus won.

What the f***** the product? Like? I don't know anything. So we want to make sure that they get the beginning middle and end of of you know, they know what the product is from the beginning. It's like to a party and everybody else in their late to a conversation.

They like who you talking about. When was that? What like they feel like that outside that email was annoying from the subject line on what's like, the subject line was bonus threes expiring tonight and instantly it creates nothing but confusion. or annoyed like so that that like massively Slaughters the number of people who hit the spam button unsubscribe. Just sitting Moon.

Okay, actually what benefits? We'll talk about that in the benefits. Streamline your automations, I believe 11:30, but I'm I'm actually good. Are you guys good for a little while or you have you have some signs for a while? Yeah.

Yeah same that means double check, but I think so. How long do you think we need? Another half hour. Okay. Yes fine.

I'm fine. Okay. I'm not answering my charger cuz my MacBooks gonna die. That's fine. So streamlining automations.

The reason we do that is because you want a really simple way to be able to put automations together and change them around. Without being like a freaking Spaghetti Junction of what the f***. I'm going to take a quick Comfort break. So Kennedy if you just continue, yeah. I'll just make some stuff about your disagree with.

but you The dogs here. So like he might chip in I might ship. So the reason you do this is because if you just then show up with more sales messages. People are now gonna start to switch off. So you've already done some like direct selling stuff in the previous one.

So what we're going to do here is we're going to keep people engaged by sending them to something that looks like pure value but actually has a sales message on the back of it. Yeah. Okay. overcoming objections I mean, this is I mean, how do you how you do that with this one actually? I mean the way we do it is we send people to a survey that says.

We've been telling you all this thing. Why haven't you bought it yet? We gave them the five main objections and then we handle them depending on what they choose on the next page and in the email follow-up, we handle that. We overcome those objections. So it replaced and let me think about it.

I thought about it before is it replaces like an in-person sales person would be there saying, you know why you not buy this and and you tell them your objection and then they'll handle the objection and this does that you know at scale. Um, let me ask you a question really quick before I so. The you know the context of this like you said before is let's just say I have one product. right I have one product and I'm bringing people onto my email list and let's say I'm using a lead magnet, right so they opt in to get my storytelling cheat sheet. Alright, I show them the five key elements that every good story has to have and then from there.

I want to ultimately try to get them to buy that product, right? First thing is I turn every email into a sales opportunity right then. I want to get my emails into the hands of the right people and remove the wrong one so I can actually get to their inbox and follow up with them get the emails opened and read right then I want to use stories in every email that I'm gonna send to them. So I'm not running out of subscribers and I'm not boring. I'm sorry, so I'm not running out of ideas and I'm not boring the subscribers, right?

Then I want to make maximize my engagement by making every email. Valuable which sets subscribers up. To continue to open and click even after they've received what they opted in poor which was my storytelling cheat sheet. Yeah, then I need to build context for my product that people otherwise would not have known about so that the subscribers are in confused or annoyed about the emails that I send them. Then I want to streamline my automations so that I have a simple way to put automations together and remove them if need be without making a mess this part here threw me off because I'm like what automations?

Yeah. Am I even if you need to streamline? Ha the system that you're gonna put your automations into I guess. So I guess it's to do with like we teach it in that order because we just want to like it when you're going through the training and it all has context and everything else. It's all makes sense because we so now in a minute we're gonna take so a bunch of campaigns.

Yeah. You're right. You're right. You're right. Yeah.

So at this point that we don't need to automate yet because we're only talking about running things live until a bit later. I think we can remove that bit about streamlining automations because we've got automate your best campaigns and we can put that in as part of that. Yeah, I think it's fine. Don't yeah. I just had one thought in case it's useful for the storytelling bit.

Um when you when you said what you said Paul when you read that out, that's a hundred percent true. But just in case it's useful or not. Either useful. It'll get in the way it also it makes emails massively easier and quicker to write like it removes. Just yeah, that's a benefit.

Yeah, so what I was saying rob was like I'm looking at this, um, like in that context of what you were saying before is like I have one product right? So let's just have this one product my storytelling blueprint and let's just say I wasn't running to let's use scenario. Number one. I'm not running to a sales page. I'm running to a lead magnet.

They get my storytelling cheat sheet and then after they get that cheat sheet my goal is to sell them the the product right so I could look at this right I could follow these exact steps, and this would enable me to Double whatever Revenue I would be making from those subscribers that come in in the next 60 days if I followed these steps with that one particular product. Yeah, yes. Got it, okay. So the overcoming objections one, how do you describe that more than literally overcome drive by objections because actually what we call that something different we call that an interrogate a campaign, but that's what it does. It overcomes bio objections people who haven't yet purchased your your core product we address and overcome their objections.

That's what it does. Well to with the outcome of it becoming more sales so like yeah. Yeah, it's after people have said no to buy anything. You can still get a bunch of them to buy the thing. That's a good way, but now remove risk Why am I gonna do that?

Because at this point the so we have to understand that at this point. The reason somebody hasn't purchased is because the risk of investing with you is higher than the perceived benefit that they might get. So what we have to do here is go all in on something specific that removes risk. I just that perception of the the bit in their perception the risk that they're taking by buying it is higher than their belief that it will work. Yes, then their belief that they can make it work.

Yeah. Well we have to do though. We have a really put a button and put in China Light on the fact that they will still be risk reversal on your standard sales page. There might be a guarantee and that it's not that what we do at this point is really have a campaign you I mean here the actual answer is it's a free trial. It's a behind the scenes.

Look it's a thing that is specific about taking the risk away completely. It's usually about making this little soft offer. I see you guys would call it. Okay, so at this point. I would say.

They haven't bought my $37 thing. I'm big this email. I'm gonna say look you can try you can try this for a dollar for the next two weeks and then we've got you know, yeah, we've got a few different ways of doing it. Okay. It's like a dollar trial a pay what you want an open day.

Like there's a few different. That's what I'm open day. For some reason. I can't get I wouldn't yet. The risk is higher than their belief that they will achieve the result that they'll be able to make it work.

Okay. Right. This means literally every single person. goes through this is the thing that allows you to and make sure every single new person who comes through goes through your best campaigns. So they get the benefits of all of the stuff.

We just done it's like having your best product launch every day. And also it turns this thing which all this bit of work all this work you've done into an asset which pays you out like a it's almost like a divot and every single day because it's like it's generating that thing. So that's a benefit, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah it is.

Yeah so that I think it's it's a phenomenal. It's a benefit it it basically yeah, so it automates your best Lord. ever effectively Okay, where your eyes identify high potential buyers and use a high intensity approach? So that's the tummy more thing that I mean that's kind of it is not so. There are subscribers on your list who are a little bit closer to buying than everybody else and they should be treated differently.

Yeah, that's great my appointment. Because the way we think of it is, you know, if you own an electronic store and there's somebody just wondering around sort of glancing at things and there's somebody else who's got an iPhone in the hand and they're looking at it and they're playing with it. Which one you're gonna go and help. And ask if you can help them for one who's playing with it? No.

So my question is this though, right if I'm following this in an if I'm following this in this order. Unless I'm misunderstanding something. Why would I be finding these high potential buyers this late in the game? because so In order to activate the idea, whatever order to be able to identify the habitual bias. You need to be selling a bunch of emails.

So that they can be clicking links if there's no links them to go and click you can't be identifying them. I got you. So it's based on. Click Behavior. Yeah, yeah.

Well, it doesn't have to be it can be time on page Behavior as well. Yeah, how much of the sales video if they watched? It could be it's to do with that engagement with your core offer. Got it. So would you say you could be I don't know if aggressive is the right word?

Yeah, we always try with the word aggressive. We had to use it recently as well for something else to be more aggressive, but more direct. Okay. Got it. And then last is to continue emailing.

So this is um, this basically fixes the timing problem. So there are a bunch of people who will get to the end of the that automation bit and still not have bought because the timing was wrong you need to continually show up and nurture that relationship and continue to make those offers every day or whatever until until that person's ready to Until they're ready to buy I think he's gonna say yeah. So why would you start this process all over again? Like what would I what does that look like? Good question.

So you would go and she would go cool. I've got all that alternations in I've now got people who've come through that automated engine and they've been completely the side and a bunch of them statistically who have haven't bought yet. So what I'm gonna do is every month, whatever going grab another email campaign and I'm gonna send that to my email list to make sales from my live broadcastable segment. That's what actually happens. Got it.

And then if that one goes particularly well. And it's automatable then you can go and add it in to your email automation engine. And then again, you can read the benefits of that being automated. Okay. Say that to me one more time Kennedy.

So once the reason to continue emailing us because by the time someone's gone through all of those other previous steps. That's gonna be a bunch of people who still haven't purchased because the timing was wrong or whatever. So what you're gonna do is you're gonna every however long you however often you want to every month every week if you want him you are going to grab another campaign and you're gonna run it live to your broadcastable segment to make more sales offers to continue making sales and then The ones that that you run live that work, well you can automate those as well. God okay. Okay.

So for some of these we've already fleshed out like a functional benefit, right? like this this is like a functional benefit. Right like you want to turn every email into a sales opportunity the functional benefit of that is the more off as you make the more money you make so you want to not there to be an opportunity to people for people to buy from every email. Does that make sense how you could see that? That's a functional benefit.

It's like what you mean by functional? What do you mean by functional benefit functional? Okay. So functional benefit is like what this thing does on the surface level. So like a functional benefit of my iPhone is that I have unlimited storage in the cloud, right?

That's what it does. That's the functional benefit of that's a functional benefit of the phone a dimensionalized benefit of that is a so that I'll never be in a situation where like, I'm at my daughter's recital and I'm strong. I'm scrambling to delete stuff from my phone so that I have enough room to take pictures of her. Her dance recital and the emotional benefit of that is so that like years later. I can feel like I can feel like I was a good father so that you know 20 years from now when we're looking back on all her childhood memories.

I have them all there in one place and we can share them together always. Yeah that just comes from that one functional benefit of this thing having unlimited storage in the cloud, right so We teach a thing called we teach a thing called Fab tea, which is features Adventures benefits and Transformations and it's effectively like an advantages like a functional benefit and a benefit as we call. It is like a dimensionalized benefit and the transformation is the emotional output of that thing. So it's kind of if we think about it along those lines. That sounds like it's the same sort of thing.

Yeah. Yeah. There you go. So like this could be a functional benefit or we could just say like like this sets you up to make as many sales as possible Right. Like that's that's the functional benefit.

So what is this look like in the life of of the person like, what does that look like specifically to them? So like on that's like good night. They don't have like an offer they want to make today. They want to just quickly slam an email out to somebody email out which is like really quick, but by did but they know that that maybe this is not right, but but that's by default got A sales method in it. Like it's got It's got offers in it.

Was that right? I don't know. Yes, so but what does that look like specifically for them? Does that mean like they're sitting down like think about like your ideal Prospect and like what that looks like in their life. So like I'll give you an example.

I have this this kid that I'm helping that I'm working with who like helps people play the guitar better like he helps them improve their guitar skills and like one one part of his mechanism is like these 10-minute practice sessions. So like the functional benefit of it is that you can get a practice session and within 10 minutes now, he identified that most of his prospects are parents. So like the dimensionalize benefit that he gave was like so you can get a practice session and while you're waiting for the pasta to boil Yeah, right because they can visualize that. It could be that every email this it's like and they'll see payment notifications popping through even on days where they didn't have this that where they didn't send a sales email. You did.

Yeah, you didn't send a sales email like that. Yeah. It has that make them feel. So I don't know how you word. This is an emotion, but like the There's a couple of bits one is every so often.

There'll be a day where I'm writing an email using our formula and I can't I can't quite shoe horn in a pitch. I just can't get it from the thing. I wanted to tell them about into a so going by my thing and that's perfectly okay. I can just sign it off. So is it relieved of the pressure?

To try to make a sales off for every day. Either that or it's the fact that they they feel less salesy. They feel like they're not they're not they're not they're not constantly pitching Their audience. Got it. I mean, it's basically if you were to put it as a headline, it's how to make sales every day without constantly selling.

So like it has that like the emotional benefit I think is the thing. That means they don't have to constantly feel like that annoying their list will offers. Yeah, that's good. Yeah, and I mean you could again depending on like, you know, depending on. Your audience and how well you know them like you could you know, you could even say something like so you don't feel like us like that awkward stalker that's constantly, you know, trying to like, you know, push something on people that they really don't want, you know, something like that.

Get your emails into the hands of the right people and remove the wrong one so you can get to the inbox. So yeah, so this is that's the functional benefit now already, isn't it? Yep. Um, what does that look like? That is hard.

So when you sit down and send an email, you know, it's actually being opened and read by people on the other end. That what it is. Sometimes at the same thing, doesn't it? You don't have people saying never get your emails. Yeah.

Is there something here like when they log into their email? What what is the what is the correct term for those are they email service? Like what's the word for the aweber and like people? Yeah, so really? You like normal people don't they call an email?

provider I guess but it's like an email marketing platform or an email automation platform. Yeah email marketing platform. I like the word dismal, but I don't like it because it's too much of a fancy word. No see. see going down and spam.

claims going up is there something that like people say when this happens like they write in and they say like You know, is there an experience there? They might see their only but because they're all on their own email list, aren't they? So they might see their own emails not Landing in their primary inbox. It's under not on the primary tab. It's either in the promotions or it's in the spam and that upsets them because it makes them feel.

Tell you what, it makes them feel is it makes them feel that emails aren't good enough because Google's telling them they're not very good. From an emotional point of view. Is it anything could it be anything to do with? taking back control Yeah. Of their inbox placement which currently feels like it's way outside of their control.

Yeah, that frustration of being completely out of it being completely out of their control. I think it's interesting. Yeah. Yeah, I think that people feel like they probably throw out they're throughout the best emails. They're know how to send out and then sort of cross their fingers and hope for the best that Google doesn't hate them.

Whereas in reality, you can make you can break most of the spam rules like you can put emojis in you can do all caps subject lines. You can use the word free and it makes a little difference. When you've got this spins up, so I think that like sense of like freedom and control is good. Rob say that to me again what you just said there a minute ago. They can like they have the they can like they can break all of they can break almost all of the the sort of spam rules.

If you think of them as that like you can do all the stuff that people tell you you can't do like put emojis in subject lines and put images in your emails and put subject lines in capital letters and stuff like that. They're all things that are supposed to quote like there's a lot. There's a blog post. If you Google it, there's a blog post from HubSpot that says don't do any of these things or your emails will go to spam and it's such bollocks. So everybody's like constantly second guessing their emails and rereading them and going but I can't do that and I can't use the word free there and I can't put the word Netflix in my emails because that's a Spam trigger now like, none of that matters so that like freedom is good.

Oh, what the f*** is that word Jesus now because I think we have you can do you can do capitalism. Yeah, you can do capitalism. That's funny. communism if You use the word free? or check each lines my So we can expand on this but like you get the point right like you get the point of like.

You get the point of what we're doing here so we can definitely make these better and the better and more experiential. We make them the more experiential we make them the better they will be so um, what I would ask you guys to do is Finish these up over the next week for every single one of these steps that we have here just add a functional. And again, we you know, we might have them. Right, we might have them already here. Right like some of them which we already kind of fleshed out a little bit then just add a dimensionalized and an emotional benefit arm to each one.

Try not to repeat. Um benefits like generally speaking. We don't want to ever repeat benefits. Um, and if possible, we don't want to I mean, sometimes it's just the way it is it works this way, but we also try to like avoid Using the same emotion over and over again, but you know, sometimes that's the case like sometimes the dominant emotion could be like confidence, right you'll have you know, so but we try to like differentiate this so it doesn't feel like we're repeating ourselves all the time. Does that make sense?

Yeah. Yeah. Of so far this they're all the stuff so far. This is the one I'm most comfortable that we'll be able to like do yeah. Yeah, but it's also being for me like the most eye-opening like this is really really great stuff.

Call yeah, so I would just say flesh those out over the next week. I will slack you the the home. Would you have the main you guys still have the main? Overview sheet that I sent you in the beginning. Which details only the slack Channel and I'm I know we've got the folder late.

I got the folder link. Is it in there as well? It's not in there, but I'm that's okay. How are you? Good man.

I was just gonna kick you guys off. I thought you might Michael's Michaels at the caretaker. We've like run over at school and he's like guys I need to I need to close the gate. Ah, yes just that. It's a zoom thing.

I did. I guess I didn't think you guys were gonna go two hours. So I I think I'm starting next week Paul's gonna send you a different link to use from now on for Zoom. Yeah, so I apologize again for this. I thought I think we're right.

I think we're wrapping up anyway. Yeah, we're wrapping up. Michael's being a real villain lately. Um, I will I will I'll slack you guys everything that you need to watch and do for the next upcoming call, but just wrap these up as soon as you can and send them over to me so I can look at them and fix them up if we need to and then next week, we'll just resume where we where we supposed to pick up next then we'll be good to go. Sounds good.

We'll be dialing in from Boston because we're in Boston next week. That's fine. Okay, cool. Alright. Alright guys right great to see nice to see you Michael.

Thanks for hi guys. All right, so you spy why guys?
