---
title: "E5AA - Kennedy 2023-01-02 14:59:37"
date: 2023-01-02
duration: 2h 14m
duration_seconds: 8053
vimeo_id: 785765886
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# E5AA - Kennedy 2023-01-02 14:59:37

**Date:** 2023-01-02 | **Duration:** 2h 14m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

There he is. Hey, dude, how are you? I'm fantastic man. How about yourself? I'm good.

I'm good. I'm busy. I'm doing redoing my desk. I always like just have to Christmas and New Years. I like read jig my desk and I didn't have any lights.

So I'm just like stuck a lamp here. So you can actually see me because flipping darky already. So I look all washed out because I'm busy sorting things out but Yeah apart from being a bit like s***. You have some light great. Did you have a good Christmas?

Did you have a good New Year's? Uh, yeah, I did man. We kept it quiet and low-key didn't really do much just you know, kind of chilled. You know, I lost my dad in September. So, um, you know, it's the first one without them.

So that's kind of tough. Um, yeah, man, so I just really wasn't too much in the holiday spirit. I kind of like was looking forward to just getting to into January so I can like put my head down and just work but yeah all things considered man, it wasn't bad at all. How about you? Similar.

I lost my dad in June. So yeah, first one without him, too. um Do you mind if you mind if I ask like what happened like what you know, what what I don't mind like basically. His oxygen count in his blood just went through the floor one day and then we took him a hospital. We thought like he was a bit confused and a bit like feeling a bit weak.

We thought we'd be okay. I mean, he was 80 so like in his own words. I had a good Innings. I'm like, I know but like still be best if you weren't dead, you know, but yeah, so Yeah, and then just literally three days later. They were just like it's not getting any better.

You know, wow, were you close with him? Yeah, pretty cool. I moved to this house to be physically more close to him as time went on. Yeah, so we're pretty close man. Gotcha.

Hmm and our him and your mom together or no? No, but my mom's been really supportive of the other whole thing. She's been amazing actually like, oh, she she's a tricky situation. It's complicated because she's married again and all that sort of stuff. But yeah, yeah It's Tricky.

How about for you? Oh, so my dad was old to my dad was 83. Um, and the last but my dad never drank or smoked which which really kept him in good health for a very long time, right? Um, and but any dodged the covid bullet for Yeah Dodge the covid ball. He dodged it up until he passed away.

So he basically didn't go out for three years and then on like the last couple of years. What was happening was he would like fall in the house hurt something have to go to the emergency room, then go to a nursing home to get physical therapy to get rehabilitated and then come back home. And that was just like the cycle for the past few years. And so what happened again in September? Or late August and then he went into the hospital went to the nursing home in the nursing home.

He fell cracked his ribs and got covid and that kind of was a yeah, that was kind of it was we it was you know, it's kind of strange. It's like in wreck and the one hand I look at and I say like look guy was 83 years old. He lived a long life on the other side of it. He Dodge so many bullets that this one I thought he would pull through it and so it caught us, you know, I want to wait for the weekend might me and my family went away. We rented an Airbnb in the Poconos and the mountains and my mom was just like he's not responding you better come home.

So I had to cut my trip short and get home and you know look man, unfortunately it is what it is. Everyone's got their day. Yours is common Minds coming Rob's comment. None of us a Dodge in this bullet and at the end of the day, so it's it's part of life man. So it is yeah, it's the permanency of it, isn't it?

It's like the fact that no, that's it. Yeah, it's kind of you know, I'll tell you what man be in that my dad was older and that he had been through so many things in the past. I kind of prepared myself for it and would imagine what life would be like without him but until it actually happens. It's one of those things. You can't mentally prepare for no matter how much you try to project yourself into that reality before it happens.

It's just different when it when it happens and that's the thing. I don't think it's worse or not. As bad people say as bad as you thought would be because we all sort of have to think about that and I've always said it's not worse. It's not better. It's completely different.

Yeah. yeah, very strange on the words and Yeah, that's exactly right. Yeah. Well, that's a cheery way of starting off, isn't it? What's up, Rob?

How are you? Yeah alive. That's good, man. I'm alive eating as much s*** as I possibly can to see what I can do about that. You guys have any?

you guys do the New Year's resolution thing or No, I just realized just listened to a really interesting episode. Not really General. I actually know normally I do I haven't done anything this year really, but I know I'm not very good at sticking I don't have a lot of sticking power but I was just watching an episode of a big famous UK podcast. I'm sure it's an international podcast, but the guys in the UK called The Diary of a CEO. He's interviewing.

Apparently. He's one of the top 100 most sighted scientists of all time in like in the health space. And this guy just got some he's saying things that I've never heard anyone say before so whether they're true or b*******. I don't know but like to do with with like health and eating and what so I'm sat here eating the chocolate that I know I shouldn't be eating having just listen to this episode. I am going to try and get healthier this year.

But I've put no. I've put no parameters on what that means yet. live already sort of started putting out my My stuff to do in my house. So one of Mines like one of the thing it's not really resolution. It's just things I'm going to do and it's um I am gonna book in some one-to-one my tie classes with my My Thai coach.

That's cool. Yeah, that's definitely one of them. Oh, I love that. That's awesome. Because you got you right you got an amazing new belt or something in your Jiu-Jitsu didn't you?

Yeah, yeah Brazilian jiu-jitsu. Yeah, so it's grappling. You know, it's kind of like submission wrestling, you know, you get people you bring them to the ground in wrestling. You just pin them in Jiu-Jitsu you subdue them or you submit them meaning they tap because you have them in a joint lock or a Chokehold and they don't want to take they don't want anymore. So they they tap and end it.

Yeah, one of my one of my clients does it and he was on a on a is it called a match whatever it's called. Are they called matches? Yeah, they are matches, right? Yeah, and he said certainly this video. It's the worst Sam you've ever heard this guy had this person in some kind of Leg lock and you just hear this he said to be in the room was like a gunshot.

I was like, what was it he said This guy Twisted this guy's tibia and fibia and snapped it. Snap them both. The sound was nasty. Yeah. yeah, man, uh Yeah, that can happen.

It can happen. There's always a risk of injury for sure. Well, so yeah, that's pretty much an idea that that's what that's what makes it fun man that there's always that that possibility of a limb snapping right around the corner. That's well. That's why I like email marketing.

I've never ever I've never even stopped a nail do anymore marketing. he So real quick before we jump in I just wanted to ask you guys because so 2023 I am. In charge of leading the marketing for top one. And so like just out of curiosity. This is not like a like a testimonial video or anything like that.

Just wanted to like ask you guys and if you don't have an answer right now, it's totally fine. But like what has been the most valuable thing. For you guys since joining top one, like what has been the so far which part of the of the entire thing would you say is like has been you know the most valuable for you. I'm going to say something. That sounds like This is gonna sound like a complaint, but I promise you it's not.

I feel like like this process that we are going through right now is valuable. But like I see that is just as like the accelerator that you could buy you have to be in top one to get what we're doing. So I'm not gonna include that I feel like just because of what we've what we're working on. We haven't had our value from top one yet, and we're still ramping up to get to it. So I don't think we could get I don't think I could give an answer to that right now.

I'm just because our whole thing was like getting the acquisition stuff working on the front end, which is obviously why we joined Todd Brown's most intimate program, you know, because he's he's great at that acquisition but because of our acquisition Products off front end and the ads not working out. I don't feel like so far. and that's not like because of top one that's because of wearing the we're in a process, you know, so I don't feel like we've had that yet, but we've also said maybe we shouldn't say this out now the basically you're probably gonna say what I was about to say anyway, like well, it's but I sort of Change My Mind. Do we have to get a direct return on investment from top one? Not as much as something like if I paid 10K for our process, that is a direct Roi activity.

For the accelerator the top one. It's we get to go have a nice time how it was really nice people who broaden how we think about stuff? I think for me because I'll jump in there because that's basically what I was gonna say again. You shouldn't say this to the person who's involved in the marketing of the thing but like for me, I'm not looking to go did we make 61,000 back out of our 60,000 cost in fact more than because it costs us probably for both of us to come to America two times a year and one of us three times. Yeah, that's probably an extra 30 grand.

So does do we make 91,000 back on our night 1,000 spent in the thing. I'm not really looking for that. I'm looking for again being surrounded by the right people. A good reason to go to America three times a year like for me. As long as it doesn't catapult our business into the ground and make us close down and lose everything then that would be a bad investment.

And obviously I haven't been to the I haven't been to the person event yet. So I'm coming to the one at the end in February. So that'll I think I think for me I would guess it will be coming to those but I mean I haven't been to one yet. So if we so we already plan on unless like something awful happens like, you know, none of it all works and stuff, but Like we already plan on on joining again for this for a second year, but at the end of the second year that'll be when we will have to be saying. You know for the value of time and money.

What are we getting back? And then it's just about the problem with top one I guess is it's very difficult to. Just probably why you're asking the question communicate the value piece, really? I think yeah. gone yes, so For me, it's not I wouldn't say it's difficult to communicate the value piece.

But you know again A lot of times in marketing, you know, we as marketers make the mistake of thinking that we know what the true value piece is for the prospect based on, you know our experience or how close we are when in reality when you just sit down and talk to people you often find that it's other things that you just weren't paying attention to and so I just figured you know again there was no like strategy behind this or anything like that. It's just kind of like you I feel like you guys are You know super Savvy marketers, but also super down to earth like cool guys. So I just figured I would throw it out there and ask you just to just to see like what your take was on it just to see if there's anything maybe that I'm missing. That's all. It's an interesting thing.

Yeah, it's interesting this people who in our Mastermind and I'm looking at them and Kennedy knows this. I'm looking at them and thinking God if I was that person and I was where they are after this long of being in our Mastermind, I'd be disappointed and wouldn't be renewing for next year. But in casual conversations with those people, they're like, right what happens at the end of this like how does because they're coming up to the end? How does this does? It just renew.

Does it just grow over and we're like, oh f*** that thinking of renew it like but it goes to show like it may be that actually just being on the being on the things with us is what they're paying for and they've built that in as part of their business now, Rather than they're not expecting us to transform their business in 12 months. Which is what I expect us to do so like yeah, well because as marketers because we're always in that Roi mindset right where always thinking you know, how how do we demonstrate Roi right? Like how do we demonstrate you're gonna get back more value, you know than what you invested. But where that becomes tricky is that value especially in these types of contexts is ultra subjective. Like there are some people that you know, just find Value in In in being in the group, right or like you said like just elevating their mindset like I'll be honest with you and this is not this is I swear to God this is no b*******.

When I come back from top one events, like the first week. I feel like a different person. I come back. I'm like more relaxed. I'm thinking clearer.

I feel I I just feel differently like my Outlook on business is different. Um, I see things clearer. I'm not so stressed about day-to-day volatility in the business and that's just from being around other people other business owners where you realize like some of the struggles or things that you might worry about in your business. Everyone. Does this like this is just part of the game regard.

Yeah realizing that everybody I had a really good thing but a podcast this morning or listening to which is realizing that everybody's business is broken. Yeah, yeah or that, you know, it's never there's never this. Um, I mean unless you get acquired, you know for you know, multiple seven figures and right off into the sunset. There is no such thing as this, um kind of Oasis moment where everything changes them and all the sudden like you live happily like being an entrepreneur entrepreneur and a business owner is a living breathing thing that you have to do every single day. Right and that's just part of the game.

Um, and you know being around Todd personally, that's for me. It's it's super valuable just to be around somebody with his type of energy his type of outlook on life. He's level of Integrity, you know, I've been around I've been in this game a long time. I've been around a lot of high level marketers and I've yet to come across anyone who's got the type of Integrity that him and Damian have just knowing them on a personal level and seeing what goes on behind closed doors, you know, these guys operate at the highest level of Integrity and they really really care about people they really genuinely care about everybody. So um, yeah, so I don't know, you know, that was just I was just curious that's all I was just curious to see you know, so hopefully in the next when we're done with this we'll be able to have something that you can put into the column of okay boom.

You know, this was one thing we did in top one that that did give us and immediate Roi um, because we want that, you know, we definitely want that to happen definitely. But yeah was just curious. That's all. Okay. Okay, let's go.

You said you want me to take a look at your sin offer, right? Yeah, just to make sure the way we mapped out the I think it was the bonuses. That was mainly thinking I did without supervision. Okay, let me pull that up. Rob my new lights just arrived.

I got on to this call this thing. I'm just gonna move up to the office. So I'll be like and I'll switch on the other computer which is just got in so I'll be but I'm listening to last whichever. Is this the latest most updated version that I'm looking at? We'll see it.

Yeah, okay, so you wanted me to look at the bonuses? It was the bonus just don't check. Yeah. Yeah, I didn't get into the fds too much for some. So, why did it pull is our?

Software that's included in membership includes five or six different tools. Rather than trying to describe them as one tool, which is like impossible because they all do very different things. I pulled out a separate thing. So countdown Hero video hero, but they're all within a suite of tools that we call automate hero. And I think that's right.

We have to do it, but see what you think. That's one of the bits. I wanted feedback on it gets. Yeah, I'll tell you what, I think this is um. the software is probably the best example of that what I'm looking at right here in the dozens of these that I've done is probably one of the best if not the best example of like what a good bonuses.

Oh, really? Yeah because bonuses, you know, the way that we the way that we think about bonuses is all Is we want them to do one of two things? We want them to either? overcome objections Right. So on we want them to either overcome objections, right?

So somebody might go through your entire campaign, but then they're like, you know Oh man, but you know what this all sounds good, but this one thing would be stopping me or you know, I don't know how to do this. Right? So like I don't know maybe you go through a campaign on customer acquisition, but then you're like Yeah, but you know what at the end of the day no matter how good my campaign is I need traffic and I don't know anything about buying traffic. Right? So now you have a training on traffic that solves that problem.

So it either your bonuses are either designed to overcome objections or to um to make bumps in the road that they're going to achieve. Oh bumps in the road that they're gonna experience when trying to achieve that primary promise easier for them. Okay. So it's one of those two things maybe the type of bonus just in case this is useful as a third time a bonus that I like to include which is a bonus that implies the success the primary promise. Okay, so I kind of linked that toward this what I said about making the bumps in the road easier.

So, um explain to me how you would articulate that like give me an example of that and I'll see if we're on the same page. Yeah, so We've got an offer coming out where the the things about how to build your list with a free Facebook group. Right? One of the bonuses is um, how do you turn all these new subscribers into customers? We've got to training that we've given which shows you how to turn all these hundreds and thousand new subscribers into customers because by having that training in there, it implies that the original primary promise of going if growing your list the free Facebook group actually works.

Otherwise, otherwise you I got the idea from the weight loss thing wasn't it and where you have a weight loss program and the bonus though. I saw was will show you how to tailor your clothes so you don't need to buy a whole new wardrobe. Got it. Okay. Yeah, so the crude stupid example we give people is we by this course that teaches you how to become a millionaire by tomorrow.

And then one of the bonuses all the things you can buy with the money that you're gonna make that's like a stupid examples. I get it. Yeah. So those are like presupposition bonuses. Yeah, and they presuppose that you're already experiencing the primary promise.

Um, well, that's what we're gonna call it next time. We teach it. but I I love it. So, um, yeah, so I would I would think that that's more. Um, that's more of a copy tactic Or like a like a psychological kind of like approach to persuasion which I love I'm I dig all that stuff.

Um Todd, however when it comes to offers is strictly um is strictly concerned about value proposition. Of like how attractive the solution is meaning like so like attractive solution is a big criteria for Todd, especially in today's day and age of instant gratification and the way that we consume stuff. So what I mean by attractive solution is like Like you could have something that solves the prospects problem. Right or fulfills their desire or gives them that transformational result. Okay.

So that's one aspect of it. Does it actually deliver but then the other aspect of it is like how hard is it to actually implement the thing that you are promising? Well, how long does it take right because speed and ease are another two things that people use when they calculate value. Yes. So, you know the fact that it is a so that's kind of more of the criteria that that we look at right but I certainly love what you guys just said, I think that's I think that's that that's that's awesome.

But that's kind of the way that that we look at it right is like um, and so tying that into why I save a software based on how we calculate it is because we always look for a done for you component. Can the bonuses be can be positioned as done for you? Meaning? We've done the work for you? It's Plug and Play It's copy and paste it is no additional training.

There's no additional studying. There's no additional. Large amount of time investment on your part to actually do it and so software like does that better than anything plus it's got such a high perceived value attached to it. Right? It has a high actual value attached to it.

So anytime I see like a software as long as it's not complicated to use. That's that that's a win in my book. Goes great. cool so our so I dig it. So the software's one piece of it and then there's also like the library of battle plan video trainings.

Which is that one there? Just highlight. There you go here. So we obviously you expand on that. And then the other one is this and I talk Kevin Rogers there and back in England in in London in last year sometime and we know members stay for this because this to do with easier it could consume.

Basically, we have members who were gonna leave and then they realize they can listen to the replays of our group coaching calls. On the go because we have a members only podcast and they're like, oh, yeah, I'm gonna stay around for that. Honestly the perceived value of that and it costs us next to nothing to do and it's just massive. Yeah, so so did what did you have a question about that? Because it sounds too.

No, I guess I'm just making sure you think that's a bonus. I'm a question is. We don't all we don't mention. I don't think anywhere in the core product all the bonus that we give them these group coaching calls. We call them hotline group coaching calls, but they're basically Q&amp;A sessions.

So I wrote the very top of the bonus worksheet section question. Where do we present the q&amp;a's? I feel like they are part of the core product. I think we couldn't really position them as a bonus that they're part of the product. I know one of the things that Todd talks about when putting this in offer together is people you get to really not frustrated when people take a thing that should be part of the product and presented as a bonus just for the sake of make it look like as a bonus presenting the Q&amp;A as a bonus.

I don't think is legitimate enough, but it doesn't fit into what we outlined as the core offer. So where does that fit in? Well, the question that you have to ask yourself is do they need? Do they need the coaching calls to? experience the primary promise now before you answer that question don't look at it strictly from don't look at it from like such a rigid point of view of you know.

Is this necessary for them to achieve what we are promising them? Yes, or no black and white look at it more from your experience in working with people. combined with do they need to experience this yes or no meaning look at it like in all the years that you've been doing this. How much of this would you say? Plays a role in them achieving this primary promise.

We have people who never be on a single call and not doing it. So I wonder if it's more like it's not like an objection handling, but it's like a Yeah, there's a there's I mean we yeah, we we know that some of our more successful people have we don't even know they look like because they've never attended the stuff like it's not even just like there are definitely people doing it. It's like some of our more some of our bigger more objectively successful people and never attend anything because they just don't need to they just crack on. but it does and but it is the difference between selling. This is so new to us.

This is the difference between selling the outcome versus selling the deliverable, isn't it? Yeah. I guess it's like we would normally sort of in a non E5 way. We normally say and of course if you've got any questions on any support, we are here to support you through that. Like almost like a PS at the end of the auto at the end of presenting the offer, you know.

Yeah, um. If they can, you know to be honest with you. I wouldn't get so hung up on whether this should go in the core like if you had if you had like a week offer. Um, like obviously if you had a week off for the first thing that we would do is work with you to get the offer stronger. But like sometimes you you deal with a client where no matter what you no matter how you guide them or show them what to do for whatever reason they just keep coming back with like a subpar offer, right you are not in that category.

If you were in that category where we would like splitting hairs like oh because you know, the offer is so like mediocre that you know, we're trying to find like golden nuggets to drop in it to move the needle then I would get hung up on this where does this go? But the fact that your offer already is strong I wouldn't worry so much about is this a core or is this a bonus right? So then I just come back to the question of okay, if it's not if it's not that if it doesn't really matter in this context, whether it's core or bonus, the question I go back to is do they need this to achieve the primary promise if they don't absolutely need it to achieve the primary promise. It doesn't need to be part of the core offer. It can be a bonus.

I think some people. Do you need that help do you think that Rob? it could yes, but it comes down to Some people like most people definitely need the help, but then don't get a great deal of results. Anyway, the people who like storm through and get results. I was think lots of people get success in in spite of program not because of it.

I'm not saying with our specifically I mean with all things most successful people would get there on their own. Anyway, I think the people who turn up every week and ask loads of questions. They're mostly the ones who are not moving very far because they're so busy thinking about what question they're gonna ask, it's either mine you sure of oh, yeah, but will this subject line work for me? f*** you, I don't care about the subject line. Get the email out.

Yeah. However, yes, I think some people need the thing for sure but to come back to the question. I'm going full marketer on the question, which is that they need them to get results. No. If you're good at it.

If you're good, like I've got a book about healthy eating and exercise and all the stuff down there and I don't need a personal trainer to be successful. But I've just hired one because the books f****** useless to me because I can't put it I'm not smart enough with that stuff to put the pieces together. So I need a personal trainer but give that to somebody who's already like geared up on that stuff and they don't need one. Okay. So then the other question is this and the other question comes down to your competitors.

Do your competitors offer? A group coaching calls as part of their core offer. I think Travis does. He was what I was thinking doesn't that's funny. You think he does?

Okay, I think so, but I can't quite remember. I mean I can check. Okay, it depends from us who I'll have a look at that who else is on our list of stuff and Because a lot of them are not Chris. Oh. What was that Chris?

I don't know but I mean I can check again have a look at Chris. Now. You have a look at Travis. Make It Rain monthly this is wonderful Kevin Rod just thinks it's great. I haven't seen a say I haven't seen a sales page without okay testimonial from Kevin Rogers for ages.

Hours, yeah. Kevin Rogers secretly has a gig on Fiverr where he'll do it. He's got one of those coming over things he's coming here. bunny and I think I think Make It Rain is just the newsletter. Travis so he does not pretty sure.

His offer the is very much focused around the bonus. Christ it's hard for to find Travis's sales page in his email. I think he has better go straight to the car. Sorry order for me. I dude it's in the it's in the competitor analysis sheet.

Oh, yeah, I think it'd be good. Here you go. I'll put it into the zoom shop. Oh God. Well the points.

Yes, so he just Live doesn't say how many but live monthly deliverability calls. And then he specifies two monthly copywriting calls. Okay, and lies regular guest experts because it sounds like he sort of gone the direction we did to begin with which is let's give them loads of stuff because we had a live. We had a Live guest every month would come and teach about something random. So we realize that was just distractions.

yeah, so maybe the last part of the last part of the the actual core offer should be somehow These group coaching calls. There is an interesting set with Travis which I've never thought about really other than the fact that I knew obviously his thing is baked into his is auto responder. But like you get as part of the book one of the bonuses is 500,000 campaign Refinery credits. Now what 5000 what 500,000 credits gets you in the port responder? I don't know but I do wonder whether he's only really selling this to his existing custom like customer base of campaign Refinery.

Yeah, and this is like like a profit add-on for people who are paying for that anyway. So look, here's what I would say. If everyone else was what was doing us then it's a no-brainer you have to do it. Right? Like of all your competitors were offering it.

Then the only way that you're gonna really be able to compete with them is to include it and beat them with other stuff that you're offering in addition. If if the majority of them are not offering it that's a choice right because um, as long as you as long as you're offering it, whether it's part of the core deliverable or the bonus deliverable you're offering it. So then I say to myself well, is there a perception is there a change in perception? from the prospects point of view as to whether it's a core or a bonus and I think the only the only possible concern that they might have is if everyone else offered this as a standard part of their core offer, but you offered it as a bonus the prospect may think Mmm but bonuses can be taken away at any moment. So or bonuses aren't you know, because the bonus isn't part of the core offer.

It's subject to change right? So I guess the you know, ultimately the answer then is if we look at it from that point of view is um, I don't think you have anything to lose by adding it to the core offer. Yeah. Okay. I'll do the core off a box.

that deliverable I'll map that out. But as far as the software goes for the bonuses, that's that's amazing. Yeah, and you think the fact we've broken down each of the tools in the software the right way around because I just couldn't figure out a way of talking about the whole toolbox because it's six different tools. Yeah, no the way that you did it is is the way to do it because they all have different features and they all have different benefits. So, um, yeah the way that you did it was good.

I mean that alone. You know, like what is Russell Brunson say he his thing is like, you know, your bonuses should be so good that they would buy or at least one of your bonuses should be so good that they would buy the thing just to get that one bonus and like, you know, you've kind of ticked the Box on every single one of these, you know fits that description. So, um, Yeah, I love it. I think you nailed it because again A lot of times what I'll see is people will come back with. You know, they think that more content or that comprehension, right?

Oh, I have the most comprehensive version of it or I have the most information. Like people just don't want that anymore. Right? Like people don't want necessarily want more information. What they want is who can solve the problem for me faster and easier.

Yeah, okay. Cool, we can Flash that out a little bit more because we haven't come back to work yet our first day back as tomorrow. So Rob and I are gonna discuss and work on where we're going to actually implement this E5 stuff as well. So we did or such So now we're up to big idea lead and headline, right? Yeah, and I've been trying to do some stuff on the big idea and I've watched some Todd videos.

I've had the book out that you had on your desk the other day and I got it out with my box of top one goodies and still beating my head against all I've been reading flipping break through advertising about the big idea like I'm still like okay. Um when I think of big idea I tell you the big idea. I always think of it's a Tom Brown one. It's the one about a phone call to France or phone call a Paris. You made it that yeah.

Yeah. Cuz it's just too bizarre. Thing I think it was it for his or a bestseller. Maybe I think I don't remember. No that was for John Ford Leeds.

Right, okay. um, yeah, so I always think of that as the big as a big idea, you know this idea this phone call a Paris changed, you know, you know change the game and Well have any more thoughts on this might be for us? No, I'm so stuck. I'm not for me. These are the sort of things that either jump out at me and either immediately got one or I go it's just it's just another membership about email marketing.

I just happens to be a good one. A really good membership. like it's made me realize all the stuff we've ever said about why we think the league is excellent realize right never translates the way we want it to because it's always just to do with things like Going to be your entire email marketing just taking care of them. Like I just answer everything else like no. Yeah.

Did we I felt like we filled out this big idea worksheet, but I felt like we had put some stuff in there. Did we not know? We didn't okay. I thought we I thought we had put some okay. But we had jotted down some ideas.

But okay, so these two statement. Can you tell me that again? Is it the most effective way to add a dollar? Okay, or to double your Revenue, could you explain it to me again? All the top my head?

No. we basically said the most predictable I'll see if it's in here. It's not in the thesis stock. For some reason why we have to put it into I think put it into the marking argument, don't we? Yeah, the most quick the most predictable way.

It's in number five marking argument. Okay. Most predictable way to double your Revenue per email subscriber in the next 60 days. And generate consistent sales without having ever having to launch another product. in the next 60 days dude, I've got the same document open.

Why don't I copy and paste it rather than make you type like sometimes sometimes I like to write it out because it helps me it refreshes and gets the neurons going. Got it. That's a good process. I thought you were. CVS now ever Sorry, it's not.

It's at the next 60 days and generate consistent sales. Let's listen this count sales. Yeah without ever having to launch another product. Are having to Launch? another Product so we could actually live another way of our idea.

It's a way that we write subject lines. Rob is take bits of that thesis statement and go what are ways of saying that so never launching another product. What a different ways we could say that like you can talk about being for to sit on a hands and never you know, we've talked about like forbidding ourselves Banning ourselves from launching products we've talked about Like different ways we could express that basically is what I'm thinking. Is there anything here around the? Tell me the name of the unique mechanism one more time so I could just pop it in here the score method.

The score method, right? Okay. Kennedy could it be around we've used this in multiple places, but like we're trying to go for a big one here. Could it be around the fact that? Despite tons of effort.

This is the antichory Birch method despite tons of method to tons of effort loads of tries over and over and over again. We have consistently failed to build big email lists. And therefore we gave up a big audiences rather and therefore we gave up and just said, you know, actually there's a better way to do it and it's to do with the fact we we make more money and therefore more profitably by having a smaller email list. Yeah, I think it's like just that might make it and unappealing to people who do have a big email list who we know we can help so people like Brad and who are star. So then again, you're right your argument is that everyone thinks they've got a small list.

In position that very easily by going we heard about these people who had a million subscribers. Yeah. Absolutely. We often talk about a big list as a gazillion subscribers because that's how off we often put it. Yeah, I don't think it's just I'm just spitballing ideas as I've said it was good.

This is a process as I've said as I've said the words unless happy with that as an idea. Okay, what are the ways of saying something's predictable. Like what's something that's happened? That's predictable. 'cause there's a really interesting big idea on the on the countdown hero sales page.

I love which is how ticking time bomb on your page. Like that's just like a really interesting. I don't know if it's a big idea particularly, but I think it's an interesting thing, isn't it? so again, the way that I usually approach this there are many different ways to do it, but I always start with Reframing the way they think about the problem and then reframing the way that they think about the solution. Okay, so the problem is that your you're not getting the amount of Revenue per subscriber that you could be getting.

Is that right? Is that fair to say that that's their problem. Absolutely. So Right. So like one way of reframing that is is by saying there's there's a couple of different ways.

The first way is you could say like the reason why you're not getting the amount of Revenue per subscriber that you could be is not what you think. It's actually this. Okay, that's one way of positioning it. Another way of positioning is by saying your real problem is not that you're not getting. X the revenue that you want per subscriber, it's actually this this is the real problem.

Not this. Okay that that's another way of thinking about it the next oh, this is interesting. Let me just let me just share this it could be that it's not how much revenue they get per subscriber. It's about how many subscribers they actually turn into customers. Right because it's not about selling more to like not about earning more for that one guy.

It's about turning more of these people into customers. Is there something that yeah, but then there's also a whole there's a second bit to that which is getting existing subscribers to buy more. Yeah, so I think it is wider than that. It's a good start though. Yeah.

Yeah. Okay, so then the the second part of this is our so what I try to do is I try to break down the thesis statement and look for Reef trains in the thesis statement. So the first reframe that I looked at was the email per subscriber. Okay, the second one that I'll look for is consistent sales. meaning the reason you're not getting consistent sales is because of this not because of this or your problem is not that you're not getting consistent sales.

It's actually this right and then the third thing that I'll look at is that launch another product thing and I feel like that's where you're that to me is the most um is the most intriguing part because it lends credibility to why I should believe your big idea. So like what you just said about it's not about. Um, it's not about selling more stuff to the same amount of people. It's about selling like the same amount of people as much of the same stuff that you already have right I get that but that's not a new big idea. But maybe what makes it a new one big idea is this idea of repositioning a product and an offer over and over again without ever running out of without it ever running out of gas or you know, losing its legs.

So who who's really good at that like which company takes that thing and is constantly having to show up and talk about it from lots of different angles because that's one of the things that again talks about on the trains talks about somebody sales that are being like the how they use the secret formula Disney users to something something. Oh, yeah. That's Paul was talking about it last week as well. Yeah, and it was Paul talking about. So who takes the one thing and has to constantly?

Talk about it in new ways. Because essentially it's the same damn thing. Like it's like half of things in here. Yeah. I mean, theoretically any of the any of the major companies like like I'm thinking about the hair companies the shampoo.

I mean how much cleaner can you f****** hair get? Oh they do but they do release new things for different types of hair and stuff like that. If you look at people like this is not an answer, but it's a it's a point if you look at somebody like Disney, they're not launching a new park every three minutes. No. Okay, they've got new rides.

Yeah, but that but they might then I don't know the answer. They might launching you right every few years they launch but they're advertising in every newspaper TV on the tube every day. Yeah. Netflix, I guess I'm trying to think of all the bits we've got to lean on so for example, one of the ways that we talk about one of the ways that we talk about being able to do this is to like splint or something out of the thing you've already got and sell that specifically so obviously Netflix will have a new Netflix series coming. That's the most watch and they'll use that on all of that that yeah absolutely sign up to Netflix just to watch this thing even if you cancel next month and then you don't yeah.

Yeah. Amazon do it with Amazon Prime and stuff. So like at the reason I pay for Amazon Prime isn't because I wanted to watch anything on the Telly. It's because I signed up to get free shipping for something once. Yeah, and once I was in I happened to find it, actually the TV stuff is good.

Yeah. Where's my power? Right? Where's other people buy it for the TV? Yeah, what other thing that people buy for different reasons that they go.

Oh, I I've got that because I like the this and I've got that because I like still feels like it might be more shoehorn than the example that Paul gave us last night. Oh, definitely so far. Well, here's the other thing right like so. Like in your research what? What have you found that Prospect say like why do they think?

They're not why do they think they're not getting the amount per subscriber that they should be getting like what if people told you in the past? What do they think the issue is? We haven't asked that question. It's a good question. If I had to guess I think it would be that they're just not sending enough emails.

Well, they're not saying they don't know what to send in the emails. That's the thing. They don't know what to send that got creates these kind of results. We like we but yeah, you're right because that's the thing. We had somebody joined recently.

Who's this lovely woman. She's a bit scared of emailing too much and all that stuff and has a little business. And she basically she got in touch about our Black Friday offer which is like six emails of a four days or something and she wants to send that out and she went can I get can I send this? Can I send I can't remember exactly what she said but like can I send those emails over two weeks and run my Black Friday sale for two weeks because even that's a lot more emails than I normally send and I don't want to scare off my people you can but it won't work like it's gonna fall off the cliff, but she's not an ideal client. I'm thinking about the concerns that somebody like Brad has so I was wondering if perhaps is there a big idea in the fact that doing this is the most profitable way to do email marketing.

So for example, I don't know what I don't know how you word. This is interesting but like Generally speaking. The email marketing courses are not talking about anything that's revolutionary and making your email marketing more profitable. They're talking about increasing Revenue making more sales a higher sales volume sell more stuff to your people. They're not specifically taught about how to make it more profitable.

Our model makes it more profitable because every time you create something new there's a whole bunch of costs that come into creating that like getting sales letters written and all the assuming you're not a copyright getting sales that has written and having Graphics done all the rest of it. We've and we've got a whole piece of content around that around the fact that if you take 12 products and launch them over the course of a year and you sell a thousand of each and they're forty nine dollars each you'll make about half a million dollars, but you'll eat into the costs of that because you've got those costs 12 times over if you take one thing and just sell 12,000 of them you make the same money, but you keep almost all of it. It's one of the ways that we're currently selling the selling the accelerator and that seemed to really hit home with people. So I'm wondering if there's something around. And there's two ways that there's two ways our approach makes your stuff more profitable and that is by selling one thing to more people.

Well, it's the same thing really selling one thing to to more people means you keep more of the money, but also you don't have to get as many people. And acquiring a thousand subscribers at six dollars is more expensive than acquiring a hundred subscribers at six dollars. So if you could acquire a hundred subscribers instead of a thousand so in six hundred dollars instead of 6,000, but make the same money. You're keeping more money. You're spending it on your family.

You're doing the stuff you want to do. I don't know how you eloquently word that into a big idea. But like our thing is more profitable than other people's that's one of the ways we saw it. So let me ask you a question this whole idea. of of repositioning or really this whole idea of repositioning the same offer over and over again to your existing list without fatiguing it so that you can maximize the amount of sales that you get from your existing list rather than constantly having to think about either creating a new product or adding more people to the list.

Does anybody else talk about that? No not no. It's all about. I've never seen that position as a thing. We're the only people I've seen do I think Yeah, I called the Orioles talking about that.

Okay. Because competition wise the thing we've got as well as other people tend to be doing email and in our competition research there memberships are a little bit e-commerce Focus. So they are kind of like how to sell more of your products. By featuring the emails. That's the thing.

We do have to be aware of. So to me, if no one else is talking about that. That's your big idea. And we don't need to complicate it. We don't need to we don't need to add stuff to it.

Right the idea. We could certainly change the way that we're saying it so that it it's it's clearer and it you know, it punches quicker. But the idea is that look the reason why you're not getting the amount of subscribers that you want has nothing to do with you know, or the reason why what we're gonna show you here is different than what everyone else says is because it has nothing to do with building your list and it has nothing to do with creating more products. What it has to do with is taking your existing product and repositioning it so that you can offer it to the same people over and over again without it getting fatigued right or something, you know to that degree, right? It's about the idea is to sell one thing to your existing people to one thing to as many of your existing people as possible than it is to be adding new people and trying to sell them that or to be recreating products over and over again now certainly if you did all three of those things, right you amazing things could happen.

But the reality is you don't need to right you can you want to just double this of the the revenue per subscriber you could just do this one thing which is to You know. There isn't the same product there is actually an example of a that there's an example of an industry that does this and he can compare it to like how things used to be compared to how they are now and we have to be a little bit careful with this just because you only uses it in one sentence I think but Bill Mueller has the the movie what's it called movie worthy emails. But the movie industry if they launch a new film they don't make a trailer for the film. They'll make 15 tree of this for the film and they get leaked out over time and they all come from like different perspectives and angles because they need to sell that film to a loads of different people before it's even in the cinema. They have to sell it to loads of people from loads of different angles.

Whereas if and the reason that's happened I think is that people have got more used to being able to have whatever they want on demand. But also like if you compare the movie industry years ago where maybe one film would open like in the 50s one film I open a month. And now there are loads of films launching all the time. They've suddenly got loads of competition. They're surrounded by people.

Everyone's got an email list now everyone in your industries got an email list now. The only way your things going to have the impact you think it's having. maybe I am a bit resistant against I mean Bills thing is about TV shows so it's not totally the same but I think it should be stand out different. Really. Okay, well I mean do we think we're pretty close what we want Paul said about that.

It's about that those things and I mean that's that's close to what we've always described as if that's our big idea and great. That's already what was that? I was told to come up with it because we've been saying it for a long time, you know, and there's no I haven't I don't you've seen I don't have a succinct way of saying it. but you know my only concern with that is is a Hold on a second. Well, my only question about that is would.

based on your experience Right. Do you think that there's a chance that? like if you articulated that your prospects would disconnect from it because they say to themselves, but I do have a lot of products. and I do Currently focus on building my email list like would that would that idea? like contradict what they're currently doing in their business now and make them say, oh, I don't want to do that.

I want to keep creating products and I want to keep adding to my eat. I want to keep building my email list. So this doesn't apply to me. potentially Maybe having said that those are also not the customers we want so if they if they came and joined and they were like right I've got 15 front end products and Barbara. We've got one guy who's in Belgium and Belgium or the Holland and he turns up Nisa like we've got all these and he's dealing with the client.

He's got all these different things and that's unchangeable. Like we need to try and it's really hard to make our stuff work like ever almost every time he leaves the call without really getting an answer. The thing doesn't work. The system does work by having one core thing couple of subsidiary things like for profit profit maximization or like splintering out. But like if you've got like he's got like 15 different front end magazine subscriptions, and we're like this really doesn't work.

Hmm. What about is there something there? Um I don't know just think this is just something that popped into my head. Is there something there that correlates to like? remixing Like the way you remix music like how you could take one song and remix it in a way where it sounds completely different than the original like it is this idea of offer remixing or product remix really interesting.

Where you take one thing just like they do in the music industry. You take a song and they make it sound completely different so that it attracts a completely different audience. We teach you how to do the same thing with your offer. The only bit we have to be careful of is with generally not changing that that's like change in the deliverable. So like somebody might listen to like a house version of something and somebody else might listen to the classical version of it.

So but it is ultimately a different product and I realize we can like we can solve them not a bit. Oh, okay. We were softer than that. I think you're remixing. You are I think that's in I think that is something that interest something in that I'm less attracted to it.

Just because What I want to be able to do is take the same the same the same track on Spotify exactly the same track and get more people to choose to go and listen to it rather than say we're gonna have five versions of the track. We're gonna have a house music at dance music at a classical one. That's kind of what happens. Like initially. They get sent the sales page then for the second campaign.

They get to work two different type of sales page. It's a video but not really no so as in if somebody had to go and somebody's gonna buy that track I need have to buy on Spotify. So they're gonna buy an Apple music, right? I want them to buy the same thing. So when somebody somebody doesn't log into the league and listen to you teaching instead of me teaching it because we've positioned it slightly differently for me.

That's what remixing the track would be. now, I think you can't take metaphors that literally I don't think So I just think that would be I think there will be other metaphors that are that literal. Got it for me. It would be a case of take take a CD case take the front cover output a different front cover in and more people will buy the same CD that like if it's if it's that and that's true that will work. Then then that's what it actually is.

It's you don't have to like remix the track. You just take the cover out and put a different covering and then it's the story We Tell in the presentation about this pull in case it helps if there's a restaurant. And this is absolutely true. It's a really like cheap Italian restaurant plastic tablecloths, right you get a pizza for six pounds. But directly above it is a really fancy Italian restaurant indoor trees with twinkly lights linen.

It lovely table cloths. It's about 25 pounds for a pizza there. Obviously attracts two different audiences two different Bunches of people dates in one place families having, you know six kids around for dinner. They share the same kitchen. It is one kitchen.

So all they're doing is presenting the same offer the same Pizza the same pasta dish but from two very very different demographic angles, and that's the It's currently the best way we've come up with of describing this idea of presenting the same offer from different. Different and other different the same product from different offer angles. That's what we do is We had talked about it before was being like. When my dad goes through the city that I grew up in and he looks at the different bars and nightclubs. He talks about what they were in the 70s when he was going out and partying and stuff and now they're totally different and now when I go back and see what 20 year olds are going to now they've changed again, we used to teach it like that because like it's the same building the same thing just a different signage above the door that actually the product has changed like they've it's not liquid nightclub anymore with house house music.

It's now sure it's the same bricks and more but it's a different thing. Whereas in that restaurant. You're literally in the same Pizza on a plate. It's just what the plates made out of. mmm So like other Industries, what's and what's what's one industry where they take the same product?

and they just keep repositioning it without actually changing it. Well, isn't this the story of Viagra wasn't Viagra initially for something else. And then one of the side effects was the actual thing it sold for now and then they're like, oh now let's do it as a sexual enhancer. That's the story Viagra, isn't it? Yeah, it was a cardiovas.

It was a vassal dilator. And everybody just started getting hard ons from it. Yeah, well like this is great. It was made to stop people ruining out of bed. Yeah, yeah, so that's only Changed by accident and once isn't it?

Yeah, we also don't use the word Viagra in any of our marketing because I mean I guess so to put a pitch back forward for my movies idea. I've definitely been to the cinema sat down watch the trailer for a film and thought that's quite interesting right off and then a week later gone back to watching under different film and the trailers come on and something really really f****** grabs me by the balls and I'm gripped. I'm going oh my God, this looks incredible. What is it? And by the end when the thing comes up and I see Brad Pitt and I go hang on.

That's the thing. I saw a film for last trailer for Last it's editor then is it with the editor because there have been move. Been released and I didn't go very well and they've re-ed accounting upon right now. That was a famous example. And they re-edited it and people like this is a great movie like that and the product that's still changing the product.

Well, I'm told no, it's the same footage. Uh, yeah, but again, we're not we're not jigging the thing for me. The thing that the thing that makes the difference is that I watch a trailer where there's a train crash at the beginning and a guy doing martial arts sleeping out the train and I'm not interested. I watch a trailer where the first thing that happens is. More subduable falling in love Yeah more subdued and or Sinister and I'm hooked and I'm halfway through and I've committed to it before I realized it's the thing.

I wasn't interested in last week and now and now I'll go and see that film that that's that for me. That's the most relatable example of a thing that we've got. We're getting closer. I just want something that's I want something that is immediately relatable. to them like yeah, we lose a stupid examples that are not immediately relatable like the fact that like one of the things that we get one of the things we effectively steal from the ads in this the Facebook Ads industry is that Facebook ads requires like tons of rigorous testing of just different.

They're put a different image to the same audience with the same text and everything else is the same and suddenly it will work. Whereas change that image to something. That looks like it should work but doesn't It sort of how it sort of what we're doing, but I guess you know how this professional people who design. shop windows display is gonna get different people in online. Yeah, I guess the problem with all of these that one the movie thing is people maybe don't realize how important it is.

Yeah, that's already readily. Like they're like, oh, yeah. Is there a time when people buy the same thing, but they buy it for different people because they're different people will use it in a different way. I'm thinking like I'm just thinking about it's just been Christmas, of course. So is there a time when a parent will buy their son the thing and and the door other thing but but because they're sort of appeal a different or could it be around the fact that there are three we'll figure out how many there are there are X reasons why?

There are X reasons why you haven't sold as many of your thing to your list as you should have done. I'm just going back a bit late. I mean people use this with his fatal 6, that's cool. That's where I've got it from. What if there are three?

What if there are four reasons why people well there are there are five if we use our unique mechanism Yeah, I don't know if we have to make it that close though. I think we could go three and they're solved by these five things for example, one of them and you've just made me think of it with the Christmas gamle is time, right? So there's definitely a thing where there's loads of stuff. I haven't bought and the only reason I've bought it in the last month is because I was buying as a Christmas present for somebody it made no sense me to buy Rachel what I bought for Christmas randomly, but when Christmas comes around I'm gonna go and buy it. That's one reason is timing whether it's for somebody else or yourself.

The second reason is they haven't seen themselves so that there could be like basically you're not addressing these three things. And therefore you're not selling as many of the things you could be. Uh-huh. so does that tie into the idea of selling? One thing over and over again to the same group of people or is that two different ideas?

For me, it's the same thing. So like why? What I bought Rachel for Christmas, I've been aware of for a long time. And and they advertised to me all the time on Instagram and all the rest of it. But like I just keep I look at I go away.

I don't buy it. Yeah, I go away. I look at it. And when they're suddenly a reason for me to buy I buy it the so that's one of the things that this overcomes. Is the type one of the things that our whole system overcomes is the timing issue.

So like it's just the wrong time for me to buy that right now, but another reason is I can't yet see why that thing would be useful to me. So for example, Kennedy's just bought a little device for switching cameras and light settings with a push of a button. There's no way Kennedy didn't know what that was three years ago, but it's only in the last month that he's seen a purposeful use for that in his life you I think you would have poo-pooed that 12 months ago. I still think it's completely useless. But something's make you've seen a reason to buy it, which is when we come to our hotline calls.

I can press one button. I can have everything exactly as it's supposed to be all the settings will be correct from one button, press rather than two minutes of effort. Yeah, so the thing that's actually made you buy that though. Something's triggered in your mind where you've got. Oh, actually there is a use for that.

I didn't see before you you now see yourself using that thing you didn't I think I bought that it's out of boredom and it is for the fanciness of it. Yeah. That's what it is. Whatever. That is.

That's okay. That's a good reason why people buy stuff. Yeah, that's one of my biggest reasons why buying things personally. Yeah, so there are these buying drivers. Right.

There are these buying drivers that people have and if you're only trying to tap into let's say one of them. Yeah. Right, then you can come up with how many there are. Yeah. and if you're only trying to tap into one of them all the time.

not only do you piss people off because what you're saying isn't resonating with them, but you're also missing out on the opportunity. of the other people that you could be getting if you knew how to tap into their buying drivers. Yeah. I've just runs randomly chop some words in each other in here. Timing and she's scarcity certainties.

Give me two seconds guys. Yeah, give me one second. I gotta I drank a ton of water. I got to go to the bathroom real quick. I'm going exactly the same thing bathroom break gentlemen.

you When you lights have just arrived, so I didn't have any lights for this Rob. That was like oh s*** about other light and put it on the side detail and someone like wash down. I was gonna say you've gone for like the Moody with side lighting with villainous to witness to crime and now needs to be so silhouetted look. Yes. just to doubling revenue, or describer is to so more of one thing to many than to sell one thing to you Or the same things with me as peaceful part.

So you got one two, three, four five. So, I mean that was the president get mad. I don't think that all that all correct ones or for some missing. I don't know. I'm just there are some there are some that are on that our heart that are impossible to specify.

because they're things like they're gonna be different depending on what your Niche is. Unless we can narrow them down to like. Interest or something. So for example, some people are interested in list building and they would join the League if we talked about that, but they wouldn't join the League if we talked about. something else Let me ask you a question this concept of selling the same thing.

Us selling more of the same thing. More of one thing to the same group of people. That's it right this idea of selling one thing. Right more of one thing to the same group of people, right? That's more that's not something.

This is important though. That's not to say you can't then go and build a massive. You can't then go and get more and more subscribers if you happen to like it and be good at it. But there's no point in plowing a million. So what loads of people do is they'll go off they'll build a list of say what they might consider to be a decent size list that's hard to build like 20,000 people and then they'll take that list and realize they're not making a lot of money out of it.

And then by the time they join our list our stuff and they get through it and sort of a bit too late. It's a lot of those subscribers now done dead and wasted the reality is if they had all of our stuff in place and then they went and got their first subscribers, they'd be better off now obviously Nobody Does that in reality? So the goal for us is you can plow as many subscribers through this thing as you want to but it makes sense to have this in place before you like really scale to the Moon. So the same group of subscribers can be can be a growing list, but you want to make sure that you've got something in place to maximize how much you money your money you make from every subscriber. Yeah, that's what I was gonna ask you.

So you're not planting your foot in the sand and saying this is the only way to do it. You're saying this is the first thing that you should be doing. Yeah. Right, okay. So what's another way of saying that like just the way you would never do this before you do this?

You shouldn't do this before you do this. Don't know. Yeah, I'm I'm back to shops and thinking like you wouldn't like get loads of people into your shop and then think right what we're gonna put a Michel. It's any sort of pointless activity, isn't it? So like starting to go and starting the most intensive exercise regime in the world when your diet consists entirely of cream cakes.

It's pointless. No, but I think is to do with the order, isn't it? It's like don't do this then this it's here. But if you but if you fix your diet first, the exercise thing is gonna lay on top of that. Well, I'm not saying it's a good example because it's too technical but like that's what I'm going down that route of like What's the thing that's like?

I can't think of any good ones. You wouldn't put your trousers on before your box are short. No. You wouldn't put your shoes on before you socks. Yeah, it doesn't sell the argument though.

Does it? Oh, look we can expand on this. But let's let's stick with this. Right, right. The key is to sell.

more of one thing right is to First you know focus on selling more of one thing right Yeah. to people a key to doubling your revenue for subscribers to First focus on selling more of one thing. to as many of this and to the same focus on selling So so selling as much. of one thing as you can to the same group of people before trying to sell different things or try. Oh bring in new people.

I'll bring in more people. Yeah. Okay. Okay, so that's the idea. The idea is the key to doubling.

your Revenue or subscriber is to First focus on selling as much of one thing as you can to the same group of people before trying to sell different things or bringing in more people. Does that make sense? I think it's a good way of us knowing I think it's not super clear in terms of like putting on a page. Yeah. Got it.

Okay. So alright, let's start with that. Okay. So what makes okay. So if the goal is to sell as much of one thing as you can to the same group of people, then you first have to understand that that group of people is gonna buy that thing for different reasons and there are five main drivers of their buying Behavior urgency scarcity certainty status and timing.

so all of your emails have to be built around these things so that you can attract them have the highest chance of attracting them by tapping into one or more of them that kind of what we're saying here. No, I don't think so because anybody's email any email marketing course or whatever is gonna have those elements saying they're not necessarily going to have it in the five elements of the score method, so they need to have So that basically those elements that are not unique. So they might go if that was like the beginning like somewhere towards the leader the opening of the page. Somebody could go urgency. Yes.

Yes, they could take those things off and go. Yeah, cool. I got that great next. Okay, so whatever things in the score method. So they are.

I actually wonder where the part the problem is that that the key to Wing revenue for subscribe. It's the first focus on something as much of one thing as you can to the same group of people. There's possibly two if we just stop there, right? So if and if we stop at the same group of people full stop for a second, I think we might have two issues one is I'm not sure we've sold the reason why that's important. Yeah, even though logically it sort of makes sense.

I think there might be I think people might just not instantly accept that is true. And secondly, I think people probably do think this old as many as they can. Yep, that's a good point. And we probably need a point poke out the fact that you definitely haven't. I don't know how you do that but like could the big idea be around the fact that you know how we realized we were leaving 93% of Revenue of sales on the table the 93% room.

Yeah. It's only when we implemented this. when we made yeah, it's true. So explain to me how that works. So we ran the numbers on this to give a presentation and basically most people when they have a product will send out a sales campaign.

And I was in our cases six emails long and then they'll go. There you go. That's what I've made and we made x amount. We run the numbers on how much we made from doing that and that was x amount and then we ran the numbers on how much we made by doing our entire engine thing, which is this score method thing. and the ink and and basically if we the difference between running that and only having done the first thing which will do the six emails was 93% It's like over 11.

hundred percent increase in sales Yeah. Something the numbers the numbers in it are our business where we sent six emails what run one campaign and made 24,000. Yay. We did another three campaigns and by the end of it those three those four campaigns. So the first one the 24 Grand one and the other three was half a million dollars.

That's what this system does. So how do we only run the first one and then gone, right? That's 24 Grand in the bank. Great. What else can we do?

Make something new and sell that. But equally made 24 around the next time but it's the cumulative of Compound Effect. You can then layer on top of that you can lay on top of that the fact that we had to spend a bunch of money to get that product off the ground like on sales copy and all the rest of it. Which means that we actually not only did we only make 24 Grand only make 24 Grand but we spent thousands of it getting the thing up and running. So now when we do the other heart gets get it to half a million dollars.

The costs are no higher. So it's way more profitable. I'm going to remove those words because we're not going to use them. Could it be like that old analogy from like the world of sales like, you know where that that's statistic where they say like You know 90% of all sales are made after the fourth attempt or something like that. But the problem is people either stop after the first attempt or all four of their attempts are exactly the same so they don't work.

So we show you how to make those attempts but in different ways so that they don't get fatigue or piss people off or annoy them. But at the same time scoop up sales, is there something there with that? Yeah. I think one of the real things they don't realize he also really interesting that because most people don't realize that they feel like they're doing lots of different attempts, but they're not they're doing the same thing over and over again. Whereas the way we do it with this score thing is they are like completely different.

completely different so could it be something to do with message reinvention? What do you mean by that? like this idea of um see, but my question is this right if psych sequencing is your unique mechanism. Right. So how does psych sequencing?

Let's let's dive into that. Right? How does cycling the unique mechanisms? Could be the score method or psych sequencing. We've got them both to play.

Okay, but I think I thought so this method is you is your is your method and psych sequencing is the unique mechanism that makes score the score method work? Okay, so the only problem with this like sequencing bit is it only applies to one quite limited part of what we teach in reality? It only applies to that first 60 days and it doesn't deal with. that's okay the unique. Mac do, it doesn't have to solve every problem that your thing does.

It doesn't have to be everything that you do. It just has to solve that primary promise. And things like sequencing is the thing that works for the whole thing Rob. I don't know. What makes you think it doesn't.

Like I mean last year we probably sent three what you might call psych sequences to our list, but like that made us but the our email marketing made us a ton of money. If you do if you disregard the engine you just look at our our bit like it doesn't include the whole daily email thing generally speaking is not basically depends what we're selling if we're positioning, for example, if somebody comes and buys the engine accelerator. The only thing they're going to learn to do is build an engine. It's like sequencing. It's all there.

That's that if they join the League that's one part of what they do, but loads of people in the league make loads of money, and I'm not even doing that thing. So for me like I don't see psych sequencing is the same thing as you do. I see psych sequencing as the fact that You could everything has a date comes from a different angle and it's all psychology based. That's it like that. That is what I could so that means for me.

The accelerator is not just like this is not psych sequencing. So I sequencing is the whole thing. I would say score is more potentially limited. Although we can work with the word engagement to make it broader. So what if all somebody wants to do is come in builder getting to know your sequence.

Have a campaign and then send daily emails from there for me that that for me that the legal deliver on the legal deliver for them, but they're not doing. Kodi Birch is a really good example. He's not he's not doing all the campaigns and everything like he has a welcome sequence and then he does daily emails and that's really it. Yeah, but he was attracts about the existing messaging which is not making this promise. Yeah.

okay for me I take because because we use the word sequences to mean a series of emails on a specific thing with a specific Journey For Me psych sequencing is taking those things and having a sequence of sequences if you wanna a sequence of campaigns, if you want to call it that and for me, that's the That's one approach to delivering the unique mechanism of the score method. That's just there's only one way to do it. There's loads of ways to do it. That's one of them. But it's not how it's not how we spent most of 2022 doing our email marketing.

There's nothing wrong with that for our business and what we're doing it. We already had our score thing. Plugged in it was running all the time. Oh, most of our sales came from that. In that case, I don't think we need the score method.

But I think we need anything else. I think that if that's what that is. What's the thing that I've typed to Paul? For me psych sequencing is basically saying psychology based email marketing, but giving it a name. That's as far as it goes for me.

So for me in terms of building a logical argument for why that's good. We haven't built a logical argument for why that's good for whitecology driven email marketing is good. Because so that the the unique mechanism as we've built it out is all about different angles different positioning, but that's like one tiny bit of what the psychology element of what we teach does. Is it? Yeah, because I think about like on somebody if somebody comes on a campaign Workshop where they watch us die.

They watch us break down one campaign. There's probably 50 to 100 psychological strategies on every one of those campaign workshops. Yeah as way more psychology in those than there is in we are with shoe warning it in to say that this that the psychology the psychological element of what we teach is having one campaign from a different angle to a different angle. That's an attention thing which I suppose some element of psychology in it, but it's not like it's not the bit that they need to learn from a hypnotist and a mind reader and all the other bits of that. If you want to lean on that the way the way we left the call with Todd was that are unique mechanism is the score is the score method and psych sequencing is one of the places you're going to most rapidly deploy that because you can have a sales campaign of content company.

I think that's not it I think. This is what I wrote a Todd after our call. We use the score method to get these amazing results getting 8% of our customers to buy the first 60 days of subscribe and the reason it works. Is because it uses psych sequencing psych sequencing is a special way. Of appealing not different reasons people buy that still sounds like the score method is the so the reason E5 works is because of the big idea and the all the different Camp different components of it for me that still means that the score method is the E5 method and psych sequencing is one way of delivering that specific result at the same time.

We might say that I think of something else we teach so one element of what we teach is having a good offer. If you've got a s*** offer then your emails are never going to do anything about it. So that's a different element and you've got the Adaptive offer mechanism for creating and that's like how we deliver a good offer. So for me the score method is still the overarching thing and we deliver a good offer through the Adaptive offer framework. We deliver campaigns and sequences of different angles and different perspectives using psych sequencing for me.

Those are like if we were going to do this if we're gonna do what Paul's doing for us with other people we would be selling it as we're going to teach you the score method and one bit of it is going to be that's creative worksheet and go through and do all of the stuff to do with make sure your office good that within three adaptable a bit. Then we need to make sure that we've got different angles and positioning that psych sequencing then we're going to make sure that we've got an Engaged list. So that's this other bit. Sort of with you. So you're saying that psych sequencing is just a component.

It's not the it's not the entire formula. That's how I'd seen it. I'm just reading rereading your message to Paul and I can see why we've taken this in different ways. and yeah, and maybe it's because I'm more attached we're just attached to different bits of it. I mean, I personally prefer the score thing oversight sequencing.

Me too. That's why I see it as the overall because remember this is with the with all due respect to everything. This is all a bit of smoke and mirrors to make the thing. We're already selling sound more interesting than it is. Oh, that's what this is.

This is packaging and positioning. That's all this is of course for me. The score method is seems like an easier way to sell. Or seems like a more interesting thing. for me This I mean it's not making a lot of sense to Paul.

But for Rob the score method is a bit like the name of the magic trick. Right and the psych sequencing is one of the moves, you know. Like you use same but it's still only one of the it's still only one of the moves. So I think for me yes because as technical something, you know, there could be technical sequencing there could be like there could be, you know, I'm just obviously you so for example like in E5 right in the in the Enhancing stage right where once we've nailed the minimum viable funnel now it's time to and we know it works now it's time to enhance the funnel. So one way that we do that is through email sequences.

Right? Like when we build out a minimum viable funnel for someone we don't ever do email sequences because we don't know if you offers gonna convert once we know it converts then we focus on email sequences and the specific ones that we will use other ones that Todd teaches in campaign cash pops. So campaign cash pops is like the equivalent of a psych sequencing. It's a component within the overall formula that makes that part of the formula work right his wife. I think that's true.

Actually there are definitely people who will come and join the League and they'll come on a coaching call and they'll go I've I'm brand new. I don't know what to do. I haven't looked at anything yet and they'll describe their business. And the first thing we suggest has nothing to do. With building sequences the first thing we suggest that they go and do.

Because of something bespoke about their situation is go and implement this or the other thing first and then and then maybe come back and look at that campaigns and sequences and stuff later and that doesn't mean that the thing doesn't work. No. Just they're doing oh, they probably not all that. One of the things that's important as well is I was about to say something I wasn't saying until I think it's not true is we don't tell them if I tell them to go off peace. That means they're not going through the score method.

That's not true. Because score is not a fixed order. They can do engagement first and then they could do risk reversal second if they want to yeah, that's fine then, okay. yeah, so like as some as I'm hearing this, right the way that I the way that I see this is like You know like the old J Abraham. The old Jay Abraham statement, right?

There are only three ways to grow any business right? You can either get more customers. You can increase purchase frequency. Or you can increase transaction size. Those are the only three ways that you can grow any business what you guys focus on is purchase frequency.

That's what this is about. It's about increasing purchase frequency from your existing subscribers. Those purchase frequency not mean. Would not be with that not be selling them. the same people more stuff rather than selling we turn.

Subscribers into customers. That's what we do. Right get them to buy for the first time. So we get you more. Do we get more customers or do we get you see that?

Sounds dead limit it doesn't it when you say like that because at the same time we're also then going to immediately put those customers into a new thing to buy something else because nobody's getting rich over 27 other ebook. That's true. So what we do a little stuff to do with upsells and chill. I don't know. So is it then that there are So so somebody's gonna come into our business and we're gonna make them more money for a couple of reasons one.

They're going to turn more of their existing subscribers into customers for the first time. Yeah going to turn more of their. Customers into repeat customers. Yeah. And they're going to do all of it without creating more stuff.

Which means they also keep more money. So every time you create something new there's a whole bunch of costs and time and stuff involved in that. Yeah. Does that help? Yeah, just Because otherwise, it sounds like if they come in like we're gonna help them turn more subscribers into customers great.

I definitely need that. But then once once I'm done with that, I then need help with the next bit, which is how do I get those people to spend more money with me? So we basically do conversion and profit maximization is what we call it when we teach the steps right problem with that is it sounds really similar to what the machine does? Okay. Because they've got sequences that turn people into customers for the first time then they've got Ascension stuff for moving people up the ladder.

Yeah, that's what all business and marketing is like I think I mean if you've got automated sequences to do it, they give you the campaigns from a big idea point of view. It doesn't sound different. It doesn't it? Sounds very similar, isn't it? Okay.

As long as that's what they're saying remember to do with what they're doing. It depends that I don't even know if they're selling anymore. To be honest. I can't remember the last time I saw an ad for it. That's definitely why I bought it because they draw the machine out and they go Mmm, is there a statistic that we could lean on like?

You know, like I've heard that like I don't know if this is still true but like this the statistic that like Ryan dice used to use years ago. Was that as much as 50% of your sales come from? your follow-ups right they come from your Back end email marketing, right? Well, what about the statistics of you trying to get to one dollar per subscriber per month? So you're trying to do but our system.

So I'll tell you a quick story in case the story can make it into an idea. I don't know we got on a call. I'll just name names. I don't care. We got on a call with a front Kern's office.

And they said we can install this system. and it will make you false four six can't remember I remember. Say say the higher number six six. I think they might have even just been on the ill make you a dollar per subscriber per month and that's the first thing. Okay.

So anyway, it was some number right and it was it was either the dollar per second month all little bit higher. And the guy said so that'll be awesome for you. I think that's exactly what you need. Shall we do it and I said f*** I can't afford to do that. And he said oh, well, we can do a payment plan.

No. Wait. No. No, you'll kill our f****** business because we're making 13. so so we couldn't afford to do that.

It take Frank Kearns system. Wait, how much was it again? You cut out for a second. Oh, so I said we can't afford to do it because we're making 13 dollars per subscriber per month. Got it.

Okay. He said it's gonna want make you six dollars, but it was between one and six it was it was a small it was like a much more ordinary amount of money. Got it. Okay. So what did he say when you said that?

Uh, because when I said, I can't afford it. He was about give me a payment plan for the investment. I was like no. No, you'll kill my business like we want our business. I mean, he was a terrible sales salesperson because he basically said, He said the business we were trying to build was impossible to build without having a high ticket back end and all this other stuff that which at the time we didn't want and we were so far away from wanting one that we were just he probably thought we were just being Billy big bollocks.

And and so, you know the first question that he didn't ask you was how much are you currently generating per subscriber? He didn't answer that question. No. No. Yes how much money we were making?

Got it, okay. Could have saved the both of you a ton of time. Yeah, we said we said at the very beginning just let you know if the outcome of this is have a high ticket thing and that's the only way you'll make ads work just to let you know that we're not interested if that's the model. That's fine. But we just don't want to have once and then he wasted like an hour and a half so sales call and at the end he said yeah, you're just gonna have to have an expensive thing.

And so anyway, this is gonna like I had a call with Frank himself like 10 years ago, and he wanted 10 grand a month to basically look at. Whatever campaign I was gonna run for the week and like give me feedback on like change your headline or do this or whatever and like I was on the call with him. And the first thing he said to me was he was how often do you survey your victims? He called my subscribers victims. So, you know, I know he's like a tongue-in-cheek type of guy.

You know, but it's like really it's like, you know, this is our first call together and you're referring to customers and subscribers as victims, which you're one of Let's remember you're a high level victim of that. Right? Right. Exactly. I was just like, oh man, this is this is nasty.

You'll lie intend you're a high intent victim. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Um, so I so look so getting back to this right because we're we're running out of time here. Um, The key to doubling your Revenue per subscriber is to First focus on selling as much of one thing as you can to the same group of people, but before trying to sell different things or bringing in more people now we could clean that up so that it's you know, it's more easily understandable, but would you say ultimately that's the idea that you're trying to convey? Also scope.

Yeah, I mean it's about increasing Revenue per subscriber and that's not just by getting them to buy for the first time. It's also about all the upsells and stuff like that so that could cover it Rob do you think Yeah, my again my only objection is I think it now needs I think as long as it now has has some stuff that proves the importance of that and proves that they're not currently do. They're currently leaving as much as 90% of it on the table, which is the number we quote. but now when you say are through upsells and stuff like that, so you're saying that in order to make this work, they don't just need one product though. They need an offer.

Like they need a funnel. OHS and downsells so that you have profit maximization sequences and stuff like that. So that's one of the promises was one of the reasons why this really depends so like one guy joined our membership who only has a 1290 and 12 pound 99 ebook about playing the piano and he ran a campaign and he sold quite a high percentage of his list that thing but it's still no money because the thing is 12 pounds 99 and unless he sold 300% of his list that thing he's still not gonna make a lot of money and he was sort of like, oh, you know still only five hundred dollars or whatever it was and we're like Right, but like you need to have something else to say because the economics of your business don't work. Whereas if somebody's got a twelve thousand dollar thing and that's all they sell. They only need that one thing.

They just don't f****** need anything else if they want to add something there. They can they definitely don't need to so I think there's and then there's the in-between people so like we we make quite a lot of money just by the fact that our thing is recurring so if we didn't sell anything else, we'd still have an okay business. So I think it's one of those things where That's going to depend on what it is that they sell whether or not they need anything else or not. But based on where they're at. We will make them more money than they're currently making to really blow up their business.

Yes. There's a good idea to have some of the stuff. But based on where they are now. So this other use was that you mentioned the percentage you said 93% Yeah. What is that number again?

Tell me what that is. That is the percentage. that you that we It's the percentage. We were leaving on the table by only having one six email campaign to sell one product and then moving on to the next product. Got it.

Okay, so could another way of saying this be the key to doubling your Revenue subscribe to per subscriber is to tap into this. like this like this untapped territory of potential buyers that you Would have never using these different strategies or whatever that you would have never thought to tap into like like the there's this like, um, there's like this there's like this profit Zone this hidden profit Zone. That's just waiting to be tapped into but and already that already on your list. Yeah. Potentially.

Yeah, it is one thing that we have. I was I keep reading that sentence again and again and again going back to the thesis of doubling your Revenue. And that's fair and that comes from the fact it's just in case this is helpful to remember. Let's remember that that comes from the fact that the original promise we sort of thought of was to twelve X your revenue and then we all decided that sounds ridiculous. Even though it's the number we could sort of prove on paper if you like and back up with a logical argument, it sounds ridiculous.

So what if we just said instead of multiplying it by 12 what if we said double that still sounds impressive and then we happen to speak into a bunch of people who all said, I'd like to double my Revenue next year and we were like great I'll double my sales next year is actually what they said. That's great. So that's that for the thing. and Obviously what this actually does is that it also makes everything more profitable. So not only will you go from half a million dollars to a million dollars, but you'll keep a shitload more of it to You know spend on your kids' education or go on holiday or whatever it is you want to do with it?

That's definitely worth pointing out. Not only will we double your Revenue, but it'll be the most profitable year you've ever had. Because obviously in reality those two words are used a lot even though they mean totally different things. Okay, that could be another one. Right that there's a hidden gold mine in your list of subscribers that you're not tapping into.

Maybe that's the thing that Sam costing you 93% of your profit. There you go. They're not specific is quite interesting. There's a bit of Frank Kern language. I've always like I think it was Franco Russell Brunson language.

I've always quite liked we used it on the recent pitch for the accelerator which was to do with We talked about our results and like we you know, we we turned we did an 1800% increase from 24,000 a half a million dollars just by doing this thing and and that we were leaving 91% of in revenue on the table that we're now scooping up. We built it all the way up quite a long way down and then right towards the end when we got there. We said what if what if you know now listen most people won't get those results because most people aren't so unless you hired us to come into your business and do it for you. You probably won't get that level of result. But what if you could just And what if you could just triple it or what if you just double it, what would it mean?

If you could just double it and everyone suddenly went off? What would I made 50 Grand last year what with doubling it but I'd be a hundred grand. That would be amazing I could do this that the other friend so there is a thing about we can probably because obviously there's a bit of a contradiction here now, which is if we were to use this full thing the key to doubling your Revenue. Or blah which is our thesis statement is then saying they're actually gonna find an extra 93% in potential profit. So obviously I think we can use both.

I think I think that the the really comfortable thing that we can definitely say is this is a really realistic way to double your revenue and more profitably too. I think if we start using all these big numbers throughout that's great, but it allows us to bring it back down at the end and go listen, even if you didn't even if you only achieve 10% of what we're talking about, that's still gonna double your Revenue was like once language. Oh, you just change this to 50% So that it's congruent with everything that we're saying. Yeah, so it could be an absolute minimum of 50% in our business. It was cost us 93% and we can talk about what it was doing.

Yeah, we could say like, you know. percent of You know. Revenue is hidden waiting to be stopped into Right, something like that. Yeah, he like this idea. seems like more intriguing to me than sell more of the same thing.

Yeah. Right. It's like that's the method of time to do the thing. Yeah, but this whole loophole idea right that there's like a gold mine sitting in front of me that's hidden in my email list that I don't know about that if I only knew about it, or I should say if I just knew how to tap into it the correct way I could unlock. 50% more profit in my business Yeah.

I mean, it's what if it's goes even further I'm gonna just copy that rather than update yours. I'll copy it. Something like that. Just want to get that profit bit in. See this is intriguing to me now.

How do we just the I mean this is still the promises it's not the headline, right? This isn't a promise or a headline. It's the idea that's driving the entire campaign. So again, it's like if you and I was sitting down having a conversation. This is the one thing that you would say to me that would set the stage for everything else.

That's going to come that's gonna make me excited interested maybe a little bit shocked curious. Um and open to everything else that you're about to say see that that's the thing. What a big idea which is why I always go back to will it resonate with the with the prospect because you could come up with a crazy shocking arresting idea, but if it doesn't make sense to them, They'll check out just because of that. I'll be like wow that that sounds too crazy or it doesn't make sense. I don't see how that's possible and they'll check out right whereas when you say something that That they can relate to or that they do believe can happen.

It kind of like Like the way I look at it is like if you said this to me. I would want this to be true. I just want you to prove it to me, but I want this to be true. Right now you just got to prove to me about it's true, but I want to believe this because this is exciting to me. Okay.

Right. So my question is again. Is anybody else saying this? I've never heard that post before. wrong No, no, I mean not in those words.

It's just increase. It's probably just a very generic increase your Revenue. but not the fact that it's 50% and it's peer profit Yeah, I mean reality. It's it's more than the 50% is profit, but we don't need to get into that. yeah, I mean that's why you can like use softening words like at least yep.

And that tells them like that's the minimum. Right. So again, so it's like a we were sitting down and you know, and I said to you man, you know, again, you're out of this business, right? You're the retired advisor, but I said to you man, if I could just double my like a double my Revenue per subscriber without having to create new products, I'd be good to go. And you said to me well, what if I told you at least 50% of pure profit is hidden in your email list right now.

It's just waiting to be tapped into I'd be like what so I like the idea that I think this is I think what this is is the only big idea I've seen in this from our competition and stuff which talk specifically about and making more money that you get to keep I think everything else talks about it from a point of view of thinking more sales making more sales but not necessarily to the benefit of so, for example, if somebody came along tomorrow and told us that we are going to teach us how to run Facebook ads and they guarantee that we are going to make a million that we're gonna make a million dollars in sales from Facebook ads. That sounds great. But my immediate assumption is that we're not going to get to keep the majority of that we might even we might even lose money. Whereas if they came back and said you're gonna make a million dollars and that's the profit from those Facebook ads then I would sit up and listen, so I guess that's kind of what we're doing. Yeah, well, you've got well Kennedy nailed that by putting that in there, right?

Yeah your profit. So, um, this is exciting to me like I would I would certain my ears would certainly perk up if you said that to me or I read that. Great, okay. So I'm going to highlight that for now and just let me know. That's our sort of.

excited green color now so what the reason I was asking whether this is the headline or anything is because we don't need to Deal with that b******* feel just yet. Do we? Say again, we don't have to deal with what they're b******* filter it. You know that sort of this is too obnoxious a claim. Are well, this could go in the headline right when we when we flesh out the headline, but to me, this is not um, this is not like a a claim.

That's too unbelievable to me. Okay. like it doesn't again, it's it's interesting and intriguing enough to have me say that sounds awesome. Now prove it to me right it to me. It doesn't cross that line of this is this is crazy that there's no way he can prove this to me.

I'm out of here to me. That doesn't it doesn't convey that. it there's potential there for you to you know again, I to me, that's what That's what like a perfect primary promises. It's like something that they want to actually believe because they want it to be true. They want this to be true, but it's just up.

It's up to you to prove it to them. This this checks that box for me. Okay. What do you think Rob? Yeah, I agree.

I got I don't know what I don't know. I don't know what it's supposed. Like, I don't know I would ask the same question because it's one of those things where we don't know. But all we have to relate to is old-fashioned copyrighting techniques as well as we were taught them. But obviously this comes from a very different place.

Yeah, I mean so like the the headline which will work on that next week. But like the headline Todd always the Todd's headline formula. the starter headline formula that he uses there's lots of different headline formulas you can use but the headlines are really dependent on the type of lead that you use but this one is kind of like a universal one that we use because it it includes everything in here, but unique mechanism the intellectually interesting point the primary promise. The only thing is that I will usually swap I'll usually I typically don't put the intellectually interesting point in the middle. I put it after this so like I would say something like specifically for people suffering from anxiety.

Right? What would be even better as specifically for women suffering from anxiety even better would be specifically for women between the ages of 45 and 55 suffering from anxiety the Morningside method a new and different way to Reduce your anxiety in the next 30 days without prescription drugs or medication by attacking anxiety at its hidden Source. That's the intellectually interesting point. And so yours could be specifically for business owners with, you know, dwindling email Revenue right the score method a new and different way to double your Revenue your Revenue per email subscriber in the next 60 days without creating a new product by tapping into the hidden profit Zone hiding in your email list, you know, whatever that would be like where the interesting point would go. Okay, that makes sense.

So the unique so the big idea doesn't go into the headline necessarily. Ah, this is what? Like what I what we consider here, like that's the intellectually interesting point. Okay, right. It's a combination the primary promise and the intellectually interesting point is what makes up the big idea.

Okay, right. So like in that anxiety. Example that I gave you the idea the big idea what their campaign was that anxiety doesn't come from your brain. It comes from your gut. Yeah.

That's the that's the idea. Right? The idea behind yours is that there's a hidden profit Zone in your email list right now. That's just waiting to be tapped into if you only if you just only knew how to tap into it. You would double your email Revenue per subscriber.

Yeah. Okay. I guess that helps answer your question Kennedy about if somebody said if you were if you were suffering massively massively with anxiety and you've been in the anxiety world for a while and you've been prescribed drugs and all this other things designed to be brain chemicals. And then you say oh it comes from your gut you would go. So it doesn't have to prove the point.

It just has to go make yourself and think well does it is that true? Yeah, show me how tell me more. Yeah. Grid, so next week. We're going to look or I could be actually I think If I'm if I remember correctly, we actually and those guys are getting us last time I checked with them.

They were getting a 65% opt-in rate on that big idea just to learn about the idea. No, no lead magnet. No, no nothing. Just here's the the page was this headline. But what we did was actually we're a little bit ambiguous about it.

What we said was specifically for people suffering when anxiety the Morningside method a new and different way to reduce your anxiety in the next 30 days, um without prescription drugs or medication by attacking anxiety at its hidden Source. That's what we said. And that got a 65% opt-in rate and then we talked about the hidden Source being the gut brain and we use science and research that points to the fact that they're you know, now they discovered there's like a billion neurons in the gut that communicate with the brain and if your gut health is screwed up and actually make causes anxiety inflammation in the gut and causes anxiety fully enough is what this scientist was talking about on this podcast. I was listening to this afternoon. It's about the fact if you have put Health that's one of the major causes of anxiety and depression and people Yeah, this is a big thing.

Now. It's a more people are starting to understand the importance of a lot of different things that a lot of health issues come from the from the microbiome and from the gut so this idea probably won't be as powerful in a year from now as it is now, but that's you know, that's marketing. Everything's got an expiration date. Yeah, I don't know if I was is as interesting as that yet. This hidden gold mine thing.

But I think it's it's definitely the best we've got so far like the when you say that again about the fact that anxiety comes from the microbiome thing of your gut instead of from chemicals in instead of from the brain. That for me, that's brilliant. I don't think I was is that good yet. So if somebody said like to go stupid with it if it was the reason you the reason you're not like you don't make as many sales from your email list as you could be because you haven't got bright red hair. Like you I want something that makes them go what as opposed to.

Yeah, we'll probably but like it sounds like it's probably gonna be too difficult to find the hidden gold mine in my list that I've already got like so I've been interested in know where we go next with it. But I think it's the best we've got so far. I just don't think it's as good as that one yet. Yeah. Yeah, so look, we'll have to expand on it.

But this is the process right? This is like you see like in this in this over two hours where we've went and where this led us. This is kind of the way it works man. It's a this is a creep. This is a very creative part of this entire process.

Yeah. Yeah, I can see that. But look at the end of the day I Big Ideas are super subjective. I think I've told you this before I've had ideas that I thought were gonna crush it that bombed and I've had ideas that I thought sucked and I threw them up and they resonated with people so you never know until you actually put it out there, but the good news is that big ideas are easy to test. Right because all you have to do is the only thing you have to change when it comes to the idea is the lead and the headline.

That's it. Everything else stays the same a marketing argument stays the same unique mechanism stays the same offer stays the same so it's relatively easy and fast to test. So what I would say is take the next week maybe to brainstorm on that and see if maybe there's a different spin that we could put on it a different angle a way that we could make it more specific way that we can make it less specific and more ambiguous and vague whatever and then next week. We'll focus on on the headline and the lead That's good. Awesome month great.

So good. Yeah, that's right gentleman chapter right word. It is chaps. Sure. Yeah, it'll be the chop site.

I'll do. I'm gonna say that's a couple of my buddies later when I go out with them. What the f*** is a chat. Oh, sorry. I was chatting with my British friends.

All right, that was always a pleasure. She is taking on speak to you soon. Okay.
