---
title: "E5AA - Kennedy 2023-01-18 15:30:06"
date: 2023-01-18
duration: 1h 57m
duration_seconds: 7038
vimeo_id: 790521768
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# E5AA - Kennedy 2023-01-18 15:30:06

**Date:** 2023-01-18 | **Duration:** 1h 57m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hello, my friend. How are you, buddy? I'm good. How are you? I'm good, man.

Uh, everything is great. Yeah, what's going on and on your side of the world? What's going on? Oh, no, keep seeing your promotional stuff top one. So no, you're you're driving that train at the moment.

That's cool. Yeah, man. Uh, I actually just funny you mentioned that because I had I had our graphic designer start making little images of to promote the featured speakers. And so since you guys are speaking at the next event, we got a nice little um, I'll actually I'll show it to you. It's pretty cool.

We got a nice little hold on a second. It showed list here. Should I just go to desktop? Yeah, we'll go to desktop. Oh cool.

Pretty cool, right? Yeah. Yeah, so we'll give you guys a little plug on there. Um, yeah, we're gonna do that. We're gonna be promoting it pretty much like at the event.

This is the first you know, it's funny. Um, we've never actually had a marketing plan for top one top one is always just kind of came together organically. Yeah, and so now we're really strategically, you know, putting putting a marketing plan behind it. So yeah leading up to the event. Talk about some features speakers what they're gonna talk about actually sending out a I wrote up three emails.

Are to promote to our list and I think the second email which goes out tonight talks about you guys. Oh, wow, the fact that we are honored and privileged to have you guys dropping bombs and speaking at the next event. And I mean that man I mean working with you guys has been like it's been really eye-opening for me. It's always cool to like work with people that are Savvy but are all so kind of down to earth and just, you know, cool good people and it's always fun to see how somebody operates a business successfully but completely different than the way you do, right? So it's like I I suck at email marketing.

I'm telling you man. I'm gonna be a case study for you guys. I'm thinking I'll implement. The stuff that you guys teach in the score method in my supplement business because that's a one product. What's a two product business?

Whereas my info publishing business is like a 30 product business. Yeah. So yeah, man, so I'll be a case study for you and we'll see how it goes go out there here sounds I'm just gonna quickly grab a drink. I'll be there in two seconds. So just keep trying.

Oh, yeah, we received the cool postcard with the I don't remember his name now, but the guy he's gonna be speaking at the events. I'm looking forward to that. That was a nice touch. You don't know you don't remember the name. It's downstairs.

No some chap. Don't know can top one member. Only wasn't at the meeting that I was at but he may very I don't think he is the top one member. I think you said I think it says sort of implies. He's not I think in the marketing.

Okay, so well. By the way, there were a lot of people that were not at the last event. I don't know if it was because it was just coincidental or it was like a timing thing. But this next one you'll get to see like what top one is really about because the one previous to that in June. Um, there were way more people there and there were way more people at the one previous to that.

Just just I don't know. I don't know what happened to that first one you came to but you'll get a real you'll get a real. You'll get a true top one experience this time around because I think we have 28 people coming to this one. So nice nice. It should be interesting and fun.

Yeah, definitely. No, it's good. I was just speaking of Kevin Rogers yesterday actually just on working on some stuff together and looking forward to seeing him because he's just such a good guy and yeah good fun. Yeah, I did on me and him did E5 we did the same thing that I'm doing with you guys. We that's the reason we did this because he was saying to me he's just been through E5 with you and I was like, Ah cool, and then it was funny.

He was praising you and then some whoever it was hooked us up and was like cool. You're gonna speak to Michael. I was like, oh, I'm sure Michael's great. I don't know Michael, but I was I joined because I wanted this because Kev was saying Paul's great, but then we end up working with Paul anyway, and it was like it would have been fine. Either way.

It turns out Michael just pops in just to show some status every now and again, so that's all right. Yeah. Oh, yeah funny funny. All right. Yeah, how did you guys I saw you guys did a you do like a live Zoom thing or something the other day what your group group Tool?

Yeah thing whatever. I mean dude the friggin this this it's freaking bombed. It's f****** terrible. All right. Well, you know these things happen.

What what you can what why do you consider it a bomb or what happened? Dude? We've sold seven units. That's what I consider it above. We're gonna try and sell like 50 just like get it out there and we sold seven.

I mean, it doesn't close yet. We're gonna have to payment plan in the next couple days. It's only cheap. But like I have one Theory and it might just be putting Rosie sunglasses on but I've one theory that until about a month ago. This product was included in the league.

And then we took it out of the league. It wasn't like a main feature, but it wasn't by the membership and I took it out what we mean is. We met we had it some that existing members still have it but people who joined after like November something it wasn't included anymore. So like we don't take stuff away from people so much, but there's only like There's only like 40 members doing have it because they enjoy they joined since we took out. And then there's the rest of our list.

So basically we promoted this to all of our list and League members who are in that cat that you know about 40 League members. And it did make me stop and wonder our idea has always been to have like additional stuff that we sell To None people who just don't want to be in the league for some reason. They don't want a monthly bill those things. and and so there is a theory that suggests we do such a good job of selling people that there's always gonna be a big percentage of people on your list. You just don't buy anything.

They never become customers. Yeah, so it is possible that we've sold. Let's say, I don't know. I don't say 100% but like maybe we've sold 78% of the people on our list who were ever going to become customers because the rest of them are either just Free Loaders in general you don't buy anything or there's definitely people we know who we've met loads of events and they buy from the people that we we like sell alongside, but for some reason they never get in they've never become customers. I was like, they've never got anything and therefore most of our people who could buy this have that's what that's right already have it.

That's one possibility how to be curious to know the price point on it 297 got it any coaching from you guys on that or no? That's just a course. Okay, so, you know, maybe it's just the fact that it's about Facebook groups and you guys are email Specialists and that's what they come to you for and either maybe they're not interested in Facebook groups. They don't really understand the value of it or they may be getting that from like clients and Community. You know those guys that do the they're like the Facebook group.

Gurus. Like maybe they're explore. Well, I'm sure did you ask them that question when you were on the call of you guys explored Facebook groups ever use them before in the past or Stand like the value of them or anything like that. No, I mean the whole point. So the way it's sort of developed just to give you the heads up on it is this is the E5 campaign that I wrote on my own on the on the flight to to the top one thing right?

I was like that would be cool thing to do get my head in the an E5 Zone. And so we have a unique mechanism called a called a traffic Loop we've got like so it's it's it's dowed in like all of this unique us and we we positioned it as a list building thing. It's not about making about making a community. This is about list building specifically because where the email marketing people and people regularly say, okay. So what about what about list building we've for the last three years so we don't really teach list building.

We have a little bit about it. But like we don't really teach us billing. We teach email marketing which is not the same thing, but people do lump them together. I can see what of course we can see why they love them. Of course they got um, so we thought well this seems to be as long as what we said the copyright because his first Draft was around making you know, X dollars from from a microfacebook group was his idea.

And I said, yeah, but I think because where the email marketing people it has to be about list building from from one of these groups, so we ran with that for the first few days of this and it's so I mean, that was the worst conversions like it was Zero conversions for the first Three days. We were like, holy and we had like we'd had like four or 500 people go from the emails to the page. So like it wasn't like the emails weren't getting them to the page. It was just the page then you know, we're all around list building through Facebook groups. Yeah.

Yeah. So it's it's weird a guy had the copyright. I had a point which was if you go up again, if you got clients and Community who's promises how to how to sell a million dollars worth of high ticket clients from a Facebook group versus hours, which is how to get a Facebook group to build your list so that then if you're good at email marketing then you can sell to them like that's a bigger stretch and we totally get that so that's why we went down that's why but we sort of resisted it a bit and then eventually we switched to his angle and it's doing better, but it's still not like and still not flying. Yeah. Hey look man.

You know what? I what I always tell people is like, you know, and you guys know this already this is just all comes with the territory and it's part of the game and as as marketers, like, you know, sometimes we we're in this vacuum of people that are constantly talking about their wins and nobody ever talks about their losses. And the reality is we all have them from time to time. That's just you know, that's just and you know, what's really funny is one of the things and maybe we'll do with this I don't do with this but we've done email campaigns as the email guys right with the where the email campaigns just f****** bombed. So what we did, I think you like this we went live into our free Facebook group and said, hey, we're gonna show you behind the scenes of an email campaign.

That sucked that we thought was perfect. We thought it has everything that it needs to have in and it's terrible. I'm gonna show you why in theory phenomenal and why it's and then why it sucked and then we so we did that this was terrible. This didn't work. That sounds good doesn't it didn't work he is why I didn't work and then if you Want 30 more 30 campaigns which do work?

That's what you can join us for inside the membership and that went down so freaking well, so well. Wow. Yeah, I I could see why I mean, you know, it makes you way more relatable and you're talking about something that nobody else is talking about right? Everyone's talking about wins and you know, because we're supposed to talk about benefits so sometimes you think oh well talking about what didn't work isn't really a benefit but you know in some cases it is because it opens people's eyes to to you know, because look a lot of times I've I've done things that I was sure we're gonna kill it and they bomb and then I've done things that I thought we're gonna bomb and they work and I'm like, why did that work? And like, how do we says he's like, we're not in the why we're not in the we're in the what business we're not in the why business right?

If something works it works and you just kind of back away slowly from it and let it do its thing and don't question it. You know, so honest the fact this is Bomb themselves. It's all suits my secret agenda, which is I want a similar business with one product that we primarily sell and then we've got like our accelerate and level up most of the mind that we sell in the back end of that with the agency. That's that's like a five million dollar a year business without having to have an extra $300 product there and a $200 product there. So actually it's put us off we have another thing on the Shelf which actually is even more disconnected from email marketing called sales page sorted which is like our processor writing sales letters and sales videos that that work.

But like an originally it was vaguely on our roadmap to take that and do the same thing with that but I think that later in the year for me. I personally I have like scrapped that off the plan now, let's let's stick to what we're good at. Have you guys tried chat GPT yet? Yes, well up. Yeah, I really like it.

It's funny. I even thought after speaking the cave yesterday actually I was like what if to like make the the Facebook groups course really hyper relevant for now. I could like figure out 10 prompts to put into chat GTP that will generate Facebook group posts and that's gonna be included. I was like that make it really current and I thought f*** it. We're just we're gonna that offers gonna die in a couple of days.

I'm moving on I'm doing different s*** because the truth is now speaking I care about this yesterday and he was telling me like the truth is the next version of chat. Is not going to rely on prompt. So all this stuff about prompts will be Irrelevant in a few months time. So so what will it rely on it? They haven't said it's not gonna be prompt-based.

Yeah interesting. because what I was talking to taught about was about like You know, I think the opportunity in it now is to show people how to use it within your framework. Right? So like if you know a lot of people are just trying to write like old roll write me a sales letter about x y z and you know, but rather when you understand a framework and how to get it to generate ideas for Big Ideas or how to generate leads, even that takes like multiple rounds of prompts to get it to even close to what a good lead would look like or what a good unique mechanism would look like but I used it last week. Um, I used it last week to help me rewrite my marketing argument from my supplement which was relatively easy because all I had to do was so my supplement has eight ingredients in it and my big Ideas the fatally right.

So I talk about these eight things them and eat how each ingredient combats the Fatal 8, but a different angle that I'm gonna go with now to test is um, The fact that our manufacturer is only one of six in the world that has something called a USP which is a it's called also called a verified Mark which means that what you see on the label is guaranteed to be what is in the capsule and surprisingly 96% of companies supplement companies do not have this on it. And so there's a very high probability that when you buy something from them. It's cut with something. It could be food starch whatever it might be and it's not you're not getting the potency that they say is actually on the label. And so I thought you know a good angle would be like just to lead with that.

Like, let me just come right out of the gate with that but it's like the sterilized balls and the beer company, isn't it? Like if people are not talking about it? It's exactly that. Yeah. Well, it's a little bit.

Um, it's a little bit different because what the sterilized beer the majority of people are doing that but they're not talking about it. In this case. The majority of them are actually not doing it right and so but then I had to change the argument. To instead of it being about eight different things like eight different cardiovascular things. I had to demonstrate how each ingredient lowers blood pressure specifically.

So I just went into chat GPT and I was like write me an article on how olive leaf extract lowers blood pressure write me an article about boom. Boom. Now. All I have to do is take that and insert it in and and then I also asked it because on my current sales letter I talk about this verified Mark thing and the the whole thing, but I talk about it at the bottom and I said tell me in layman's terms why it's important to have a USP or a verified mark on a supplement and it told me and I'm like s***. I like this version better than the version that I wrote Oh version on mine.

So he's a funny thing. Somebody did the other day. I don't even know Rob knows this. I asked somebody for a testimonial full countdown hero and she said here you go. By the way, I hatch I had chat right this for me.

Oh. Yeah, that's funny. Yeah. Oh, man. Alright, so let's jump into I'm still here.

I've just I'm gonna take the dog out for a quick week. So I've just switched to my airpods for a second. Let me jump into your stuff. So we're on to a sort of the final bits really isn't it? Like pulling it the final bits pulling it together?

I think it was like the lead actually where we got to finish lead actually. look for We did. Oh, yeah, we were sort of looking at different leads. And we were thinking about do we want to use the golden lead or do you want to use? To be honest, I can't remember the other leads off the top my head.

Okay. Got the arguments. Okay, I got here. headline, let's pull up your lead weed All right. Let me share my screen.

Yeah. Remind me again what we settled on on your in terms of your big idea. Yeah, let me this one. intention it was new intention was that was the attention one out? yeah, it was to do with the fact that and yeah, it's the number one come on in 2023 of business owners' attention and attention is the hardest to maintain my email marketing and any drugs.

I can't Robbie we can do we can hardly hear you. We can't really make you out. That's twice in one day. I'll be in my headphones and use that I and these are new. Here how far away from your computer.

Are you? Hey, I've happened downstairs my odds on before you but after you come next to it dude, I can't we can't it sound like a f****** robot who's running out of batteries. Yeah, he does sound like he's running out of hours. He's been unplugged. Yeah, I'm yeah, I'm now starting now standing next to the computers.

I make a difference. Yeah. Yeah massive right? So normally I've bought new airpods with my old airports when I'm stood in the kitchen, which is directly below my office. You can hear every word like I'm next to it because I'm stood below my computer.

So but having said that today, I was in a perfectly normal space with loads of everything with full signal on my phone and you you couldn't hear me then either. I'm wondering if someone if understood anyway. I there was the thing about what I was saying is there's the thing about the penny drops thing wasn't that which I think is a mechanism for getting the attention a bit the attention to leavers. Letters I'm going to be quiet for a minute then and I'll just listen because I can hear you guys perfectly. Yeah, well I saw him out and then I'll join them.

Okay? Yeah, we've got the angles the pain drop moments come by and combined are what I'm able to keep attention so you can maximize sales and the number one commodity in 2023 for business owners attention attention is the hardest to maintain via email marketing. But once you understand the nine types of attention levers, you can attract the most amount of sales from your not from your email list without losing attention. That was one of the ideas the other one. Is that the hidden gold mine in your list.

But I think these I think Paul got pretty excited about the uniqueness of these are nine attention levers. I remember how you sort of got pretty excited by people like they're really unique and it's them before I was like, okay. Yeah, so I think that was pretty cool. Yeah, so it's just a matter of picking one. Um, I think I think both of these are solid.

I think it's just a matter of picking one and starting with that one and testing it and just getting it out there and seeing how it goes. So if it were me, I would pick the attention lovers one. Yeah, so let's do that. Let's scam. Let's go.

Let's craft a headline out of that then so Okay, so Let's see. And so on. you don't want to use this golden lead template you were saying you more or less or No. I'm I don't think we made a decision actually. Yeah, so let's play around with this one first.

Yeah, I think so, right so see probably two double your Revenue per email Subscriber tell me the promise again. um Wu in the next 30 days without or next 60 days without creating another product. Yeah, it was something like that. Is that the Summer almost there. It is.

Double your Revenue per email the next 60 days and generate consistent sales without ever having to launch another product. Generate consistent sales without ever having to launch another product. It's called the score method, I think. Let's see. Would you say like it's different because of how it captures and holds attention by pulling these nine attention levers.

Like that's what we're gonna that's good. I like that. I like that look. s using well, it's different to what the familiar with in terms of how it makes sales as well. So probably have to put something in about that and really because of how it captures and holds your subscribers attention.

That's that's how it creates the sales I guess. yeah using Oh, but we can change using to buy pulling on the nine. I was gonna say this is the attention leave us. Isn't that yeah. He's back and doesn't sound like he's in robot.

I'm really annoyed. Basically, my old airports were crap. And so I bought some new ones but the actual track I've I've been in the garden having full meetings with you on this computer and it was fine. And then these are not working very well. So I actually are there the pros.

They're not the ones with the little knobbly bit on them because I don't like those that but they're the airpod twos but the only kid like this. This is the model that came out in October. Yeah. Be the 5G. probably So probably the vaccine I mean the vaccine Neil arm muscles only.

Yeah without diminishing trust that's interesting. the Baton the score method So there's no guesswork. That's nice down here. But that was kind of it. That one there.

Yeah. Well, you'll see. but first and so did you with speed? Oh, yeah, you can write. Yeah.

Oh, yeah. It's how the formulas come in together now. It's like It's like I can orchestration isn't it? Like you've got all these little bits and then you put them together. It's a symphony.

It's quite cool. This is all Todd man. It's all. Just years of him. Talking I'm figuring out fast and easy and differentiation and where that needs to go in the campaign and how to really write a marketing argument the right way and what's the difference between a claim and a proof Point?

How do you make that claim more experience? You know, just that's all him man. All him I got me that's where our email marketing stuff came from just years of doing it in different weird niches and then have to figure out formats and formulas to make it easy. And yeah. So as anything if you obsess over something.

You figure out the best way, don't you? Yeah. so you okay doesn't require you. Sanitation. I don't know if we need this here.

No, wait a minute. So what I'll usually do with something like this if I'm doing a um, so are you guys gonna do a long form for this or a vsl? Like out of the gate to test it? Probably so this is probably going to be used to do our accelerator first and that will probably be a vsl for Speed got it. Okay.

So, um Okay. So what I usually do. With our so there's a video by the way that Todd has that I can get to you guys. What shows you like a super fast way to copy and paste all like a script like this into um into a slide presentation software and have it pop out every single sentence on a different slide exactly the way you want it to do on we have that don't Depends what you use. Okay, so yes, so if you talk about easy vs Cell.

Yeah, we are doing we have it now. We used to have it. Okay, so I've never used easy-vsl. I just do my vsls like the old school way. Like I get them all on a slideshow and then I just hit the screen record button and then I just flip through the slideshow as I as I record them.

So if that's the way You want to do it? There's a very easy way where Todd Todd figured out this like formula where basically you get everything on one line like this. So there's no spacing and then once you have everything connected you copy and paste it into the out you find the outline feature in keynote. I don't know where it is in like Google Slides, but I'm sure they have the same thing but you basically find the outline feature you copy and paste the entire thing into the outline feature. Then you change the master slide and boom it will instantly put every single sentence on an individual slide and then like, yeah and then one over thing he'll do from there is like one setting in the font section where you just capitalize everything so every sentence is not not that every not that every letter is capitalized.

But every the beginning of every word is capitalized and so what I'll usually do is if I have a bunch of commas like this just for your reference. I'll usually put each one of these on an individual slide with an ellipsis next to it, you know like that. Yeah, so as I'm flipping through it'll say soap opera Styles soap opera style emails next slide open Loops next slide Cliffhangers next slide Advanced even a segmentation ninja that's brilliant. Yeah, and then if I if I'm not doing it that way if I'm doing long form, I'll just do bullets like I'll just do. Does not require you to use things like and I'll put a colon and then I'll just put bullet number one with like an X next to it.

So it's easier to read doesn't require you to do this this this this this because just having a lot of commas anywhere and copy is no good. Okay. Okay. So but that being said so doesn't require you like soap opera style emails open loops and Cliffhangers Advanced segmentation providing insane amounts of content storytelling sending from different. Now, you do use storytelling in some capacity.

So could we say something like I don't know sophisticated storytelling or complex story of something like that. Definitely not sophisticated storytelling. Okay. No. By the way roll, we haven't talked about this.

Did you notice that telman was on our live the other day? No. Yeah Telemann came well alive yesterday the group lyrics One. Mm-hmm. Sorry the back door.

Did he have his camera off because I would have spotted him. Yeah. Yeah his camera. Did he buy? titty f*** Oh, man.

Do you guys know him? So yeah, he used to be he was one of our bigger Affiliates for my old hypnosis business. And when we saw that helps business too, I remember yeah, he sold boatloads. We did like a million dollars worth of sales of hypnosis thing back up when I first ever started out online properly and he saw boatloads of it. Nice awesome.

sophisticated storytelling Millions shocking subject already Okay. stay so what I would say is I would put this. down here That's really good doing that comes together Rob, isn't it? Yeah. I'm kind of like impressed.

It's like magic happening before me eyes. So click the button and buy now. Yeah. I sort of feel with this process. I'm sort of learning all over again.

Which bit like doing the internet thing? Another product. It's called the score map that it's very different from the common method. You're familiar with because in how it captures and holds your attention. So do we have a name for these attention levers?

We know what the nine of them are, but they called the I mean, they're currently called the nine. Retention they was well, yeah. Well, actually they're actually not even called that yet. But in this context they are but they're called the nine types of value at the moment that could but You know, the nine attention levers don't have a name but I mean the fact that no one's else has ever come up with nine attention levers as potential potentially means we can call them the nine intention leaders. Yeah, I was just was looking for something.

I don't like the fact that we're using the word attention twice like so close to each other. And so I was just thinking about making something that sounds a little bit more sophisticated like the fat late. Yeah, right exactly. What what if we change the other attention though? So what if it how it captures and holds your subscriber and and grabs your attack your grabs your subscribers by pulling on the nine attention levers kind of thing like on if we can get rid of the attention earlier in the phrase.

How it captivity it's yeah captivates. Yeah. Yeah captivates your subscribers. By pulling on the on the nice attention leave us not like that. So now here is where I would probably put the idea in or I would say like just to add some context to this right so that they understand like why Uh, like what what like why the attention is important if they don't understand that already?

Okay. So how pulls on my specific attention levels I would say something like you see. No more commodity in 2023 for business owners. Is attention attention is the hardest thing. Once you understand the mind.

I just attention logical extract the most amount of sales. Well, here's a question for you. Whereabouts obviously imminent. We're sort of saying that they're gonna get these nine attention leave as I guess. They're already built into the stuff we do but do you think we need to expressly so it depends what we're doing does that if we're if what we're doing is If what we're doing is using this for the accelerator, then it goes into the first module or the video or somewhere in the early days.

If we're using it in the league that I think it probably needs to be a dress. I think it needs to be addressed as a fourth welcome video or something. Or in one of the welcome videos, but I don't think it needs to be like, I don't think we now need. To completely reinvent the way that the delivery of the thing works. No, totally everything.

Where does it get embedded within something that's already there? No, I think it almost potentially by not. Teaching it. It almost makes whatever it is that we're selling more if it was the league more stickable and if it was the program more like engaging because like it's not like well, I know what those nine things are now, I'll go and figure it out. Like this is big into everything we give you here as part of the accelerate as part of the league as part of whatever.

Yeah. Yeah. twenty twenty three number one twenty twenty three That sounds better right you see 2023 the number one commodity for business owners is attention. So I would leave that. And I want to come here right?

Because again you want this on a different slide. You don't want you don't want long paragraphs. I mean even this is like pushing it on us to put this on a slide so you'd have to say Once you understand the nine types of attention levers, I would do an ellipsis there and then go to you. Yes. Okay is attention and attention is the horse to maintain, you know, marketing.

Once you understand the night types of attention lovers. You can extract the most amount of sales from your email list without losing attention as you'll see a score method employees one or more of the nine attention levers, so This is where I would talk about the campaigns. So that when you start talking about them here like right if we don't mention anything about the campaigns prior to this people are going to get here and be like what it why is he talking about campaigns now? I don't understand like where does that fit into this? Okay.

Right, once you understand the nine types of attention levers, you can extract the most amount of sales from your email list without losing attention. Without losing attention. So I would say something different here. I would reword this because again, we're like using that word again without Without I'll keep while keeping them engaged or something you. Now list while keeping your subscribers engaged.

There we go as you'll see the score method employees. One or more of the nine attention levels. Through five types of campaigns. I'm getting a confused by that. Okay, I just the score method employs one or more of the nine types of was f****** load of numbers there.

Now, there's five campaigns. There's one or more nine things. Holy Jesus Christ. Yeah that's getting into like I feel like I'm doing arithmetic. Okay, so So then yeah, I don't think we should talk about the campaigns at all.

So how would we fix that? What if what if we say as you'll see the score method and employees attention leave us so don't say how many there are because we've already mentioned it quantity of them above and later. So employees attention leavers. um to and then just skip the five times the campaigns maybe unless you fall out there but like method employees attention levers. Needed to keep subscribers interested without diminishing Trust.

These nine lives are already baked on the score method. So there's no guesswork. You can write your own campaigns fast. So now we need somehow bridge in front of campaigns. These nine leavers are already baked into the campaigns.

And something the score method, maybe not. Or we could say they're baked into the email campaigns the score method uses could say that. In one of the things we have to remember we haven't got as far as remotely talking about the offer yet. So like the fact we've got some kind of like our campaigns were relevant. It's the five categories of campaign that Fallen score whether you use hours or somebody like somebody else was to write them for you.

Totally these nine has already baked into the nine the five the five email campaign types of the score method bit wordy though there's nine demons already baked into every campaign of the score method well again to Rob's point in our unique mechanism. Are we labeling? Those things campaigns? Are we calling them campaigns or are we just like, what are we calling them? Oh, so it's like sequences.

Other unless it's dangerous to introduce another thing. We've never heard of at this point. Made sentence. Yeah. It can be called sequences in case people don't like the word camper email sequences.

Yes, see, these are steps not not sequences. So we would have to talk about the steps in the score method. right, which is this is fine. If we say that the 9 levels are already baked into the score method, so there's no guesswork. right now it's just we would have to rephrase this.

right, you can write your own email campaigns faster because you just pick from any one of the five steps or You know practices elements. Yeah elements of the score method. Yeah, okay. So any of the five elements of the score method? Yeah because actually that's remember that the SEO and R&amp;E are not necessarily campaigns their employed through everything through an individual email through the campaign itself through yeah.

School method and you can get rid of the word and of the score method you can write you. Pasta, because you were five hours this goal method and pick. That's kind of a very run-on sentence, isn't it? You know, she has to be you just be creative five any of the score. That's it.

And yeah, this is again talking about five elements and nine attention levers so that we need to It has to be a better way to streamline this. My love is already as you can see the score method employees. The attention levers needed to keep subscribers interested without diminishing Trust. These lines baked into the swore method, so there's zero guesswork. and would you say any of the any of the attention leave us so get rid of the number again?

Is it a case of pick one of the five elements and pick one of the attention levers or is it you pick one of the five elements? No matter which one you pick it's going to have a different concoction of them that we sort of. Yeah, it's like a different Yeah, a different cocktail or something. That's what I was gonna ask you. Oh actually, well, that's well, that's only true actually from a point of view of the of the of the offer itself.

So in our campaigns pre decided what those are but if you were gonna like just learn the principles and create your own then in theory you can Email to is they wouldn't be able to hook. I mean you gather campaign that your employees those principles, but you tell a story that is funny rather than like it's it's a different. jumping mmm So if if you think about it, if we if we forget the league exists and we just go wouldn't it be great. If you could have emails that get sales content and objection handling and risk reversal and maximizing engagement. That would be good.

Wouldn't it? Yes and wouldn't it be good if those campaigns also and the nine types of the nine attention leave us which is like connection Community stuff like that. You could rewrite any of our campaigns with a different list of those things and it would still work and be fine. You can invent new campaigns with a different that Phil still fit under the score method and still use those nine attention levels, but would be different from the way that we did it. For example, so from a point of view of the mechanism and not the product you do just pick a campaign you pick any of the Attention levers and and put them together.

It's just we've we've done a bunch of that for you. So you can use yeah. Yeah, so this is about the mechan. Yeah. Yeah, I'm down.

But cool, that's correct then. so, how do we how do we translate that in this sentence without it getting? Too busy. You can write your own emails faster because you just pick up any of the one five elements. Any of the five elements?

You own emails faster because you pick you just pick up any of the five elements of the score method. I've got pick up and pick up as well. So is that sentence too long? Is that sentence? Okay.

It's too long and complicated doesn't make sense. You can write your own emails faster because you just pick from any of the five elements of the score method. and Any of the attention leavers? Oh, yeah, so I think it makes sense. I think if you read it out as a sales video it so it does make sense essentially right your own email faster because you pick from any of the five elements of the score method and any of the attention levers rather than having to start from scratch every time.

when you say it like that, I mean It's all about us tonality. Right? Ah, he could be telling you like you have AIDS but the way he's saying and it's like all right, sign me up. Yeah. Yeah.

I love to please. AIDS I love have you seen the guy who does the Ted talk about how to do a TED Talk? And about he doesn't say anything. It's f****** phenomenal. He goes he goes and it feels Doesn't it like I'm building to something to a point?

But I'm not so like you basically uses as inflection all the way through the thing just to like constantly say things and then another slide. But like he's just like narrating what's happening on stage and we thought about stuff without actually ever saying anything. It's really really funny. That's awesome. I love that.

It feels like I'm building to something doesn't it to a point? Well not. That's wild. alright as you'll see the score method employs the nine attention levers needed to keep subscribers interested without diminishing trust. These nine levers are already baked into the score method.

So there's no guesswork. You can write your own emails. faster because you just pick from any one of the five elements of the score method and any of the attention levers rather than trying to start from scratch each time. As part of all doesn't require use things like soap opera style emails open loops and Cliffhangers Advanced segmentation providing insane amounts of content sophisticated storytelling something from different names and emails are trying to trick people with blind emails and subject lines technological hacks and loopholes designed to buy press the right the score method. a score method I love that phrase, but I don't know where it goes.

Yes, right. Yeah, it's great phrase. It feels weird there though. Unless it's maybe maybe just Internationals think of that and the spam folder. The score manner doesn't does not trade attention to trust instead.

It captures. Nothing actually as I read on it's fine. I think I'm okay with them. And it captures the attention while simultaneously building trust so people don't just open and click but they actually buy so it's like this equals that that means this I like that. Okay, I'm down.

from facilitated they're actually by and you can because this is such a different way of leading into the author of it with very interesting to send. this video for the league to people who've been through the engine because it's like a totally different. Like we haven't even mentioned the league yet. What the f***? Is this score method thing and what are these?

I mean, it's very interested. I don't know whether this in any sense is designed to say like if they've already made a decision, it's not for them for whatever reason we've told them so far that extensively it'll be interesting. No, I don't know whether this would have the power to overcome that or whether it's once it what the minute we go. That's why we created the Lee whether they go. Oh, yeah and then get out.

Like for example, the people who've been in the league before and have been a member for a few months and then left. I don't expect talking about it from a different angle particular. He's gonna get them back. Because they sort of they're not the insides like it's all about the promises, but then they know what's actually inside it. Yeah, I wasn't thinking about those people.

I'm just thinking about you know, it's just such a different. Front door, you know the different outside. To the way, we currently sell it. Yeah. So what would you say is the predictable benefit here?

I mean up here. We have the reason why it's predictable is because it's based on psychology, but I don't I don't know that I necessarily want to start talking about psychology now only because that would be I feel like another thing that we're now talking about that kind of, you know Waters down the message so really it's just about think about like, what's the big predictable benefit here, but they can just sit down and bang out emails that get attention and want simultaneously build trust and get sales. Yeah, yeah nailed it what he said. The thing is as well. It's not just about yeah, we'll get you to write that first and then I'll sort of think about because that's implies.

You're gonna sit and send emails actually the score method generally is automated like that should be automated so Again, that's going to depend on what we sell isn't it if we're selling the accelerator then yes, if we're selling the league actually, we want them to be like sending it's actually in it's actually not interest for maximizing retention in the league probably that they send emails fresh email real time and stuff all the time because we want this like an ongoing constantly coming back going now. What do I do next for the accelerator though? Which I'm more interested in the more we've got on with this the more interested. I'm in using this to Soviet accelerator. Yes.

So over here, we're gonna just overcome some objections. So what I usually like to do are like the top two or three objections that we got from the Gap questions. So like this could be like, you know, regardless of how big your list size is list size and Technical ability. Technical ability and writing skills. That's the three, isn't it regardless of?

Check ability. Copy right skills or List size? So shall we and qualify the copyrighting skills and basically make it a bit more like Like sales writing skills. They make it like specific like I guess not some point. Obviously we've written stuff that overcomes all of the objections.

Do we elaborate more on those regime? Yes, and then we come back and really like elaborate observe again because you totally dropped out weird. What was I saying? Oh, yeah, we've done like whole obviously we've done all paragraphs on like why why it overcome you copyright why you don't need copyrighting skills and all of that stuff. So originally we're gonna come back to all of that later for now.

We just need a skirt over the like The primary things we haven't even said hi. My name is Robin kenned. My room is Rob from Robin Kennedy yet. That's happening. Yeah, that's gonna happen right now.

Yes, so I'm guessing like the for now. We just have to say those things and then all the argument arguing of those points comes later. I'm assuming yeah, so the purpose of the lead is to our right first of all to get attention. Give them a reason to like what's the big benefit? Why should I what like, what's the big benefit?

Like what's in it for me? Why should I stick around right and continue to listen to what you have to tell me also building up some intrigues some curiosity and then to overcome common objections. So again, we're not gonna overcome all the objections in the lead just the just like the big three, right and we're not overcoming them. So to speak in the lead. We're just telling them we're addressing them not overcoming them.

So we're just we're just letting them know like I know that you may be thinking that none of this might work if you don't have if you're not Savvy when it comes to Tech if you're not a good copywriter or you don't have a big list eyes, but I'm telling you that what I'm about to share with you will work regardless of that stuff. And then so what we want the purpose of this at the end of the lead, we want them to say Wow, this is exactly what I've been looking for now. Just prove to me that it works. Just prove to me that this is true. Yeah.

Right and still if you want to double your Revenue per email subscriber and the next 60 days and generate consistent sales right again, I would break this up without ever having to launch in the product. You want to pay close attention to what I'm about to share with you and then boom your credibility statement goes there. Make sense. Yeah, it does. Okay, so your headline this is like the starter headline that we use you don't necessarily have to use it.

But it's always a good it's always like a good starting point. right, so Obviously like the more specific you get with the market the better, but sometimes that's not always possible, but try to get as specific as you think you can without. As a starting point, I'm happy to just go course creators. Because it's a flip and massive Market who can easily identify themselves as being that thing and it is like the only thing you say Rob is we did soy go. Hey, it's it's membership site owners, you know, like he wants to flip to that just in case you wanted to consider that.

Yeah, only I think so. I think I think some course creators will will some map memberships like owners will latch on to the fact that memberships are just for the courses and blah course creators are unlikely to like see themselves as a membership if they're not a membership. Of the of like the thing of the height of the headline things that we go after I think course creators is the best Market to just like latch on Google people who's selling create courses. Yeah. So you could say specifically for course creator struggling to generate to generate revenue from their email lists.

Yeah. I generally and the only challenge with that bit is If they're generating no Revenue, that's what that implies. Whereas it's about. I mean this is non-quantifiable. It's not a good word, but it's about enough like it they're getting some but in really should be getting more.

Okay, and it be enough or maximize or? It's just yeah struggling to maximize revenue from their email list. Is that too? Oh, we could say for course creators not generating enough revenue from their email list. Yeah.

No. You from here email lists. a new one different way double your subscribe Okay. The next 60 days a generate consistent sales that ever happened. system sales without ever having to launch another problem.

And I can't type today Jesus Christ. Wow. product Okay, so this one but wasn't intellectual interesting point. How do you think about it? So the intellectually interesting point has to do with the nine levers?

That's that's your intellectually interesting point. So you have like two options here. You could either put it there, but I I always find it. For me personally, I find it easier to put the intellectually interesting point after the primary promise. So like the same way I did with the with like what the with the tonic right is like I had a how to reduce your anxiety in the next 30 days without prescription drugs or medication by attacking your anxiety at its hidden source.

So like that's the intellectually interesting point, right so we could say by pulling on and that's kind of why I want to like come up with a name for for the the levers right now. We we could just say right by pulling on nine specific attention lovers and that's fine. Um, but I, you know some I like to usually use a name because I feel like it it lends itself to more Intrigue. So like Like like for example in my 60 second storytelling offer I talk about that. It's very similar to what we're saying here about attention.

Right is that I've created I talk about this thing called the attention Trifecta dilemma, which is that in today's day and age in order to to really have a successful business. You have to get attention. You have to keep attention and then you have to transform that you have to hold on to that attention long enough to transform it into the desire to have your product or service. Right? And so I just named that the attention Trifecta the life.

So my headline is like, you know for course creators coaches consultants and experts, um looking to scale their business in 2023 to 60 Second Story to other 60 Second Story method a new and different way to Captivate and hold the attention all of your prospects. Sorry Captivate and hold the attention. Audience so you can transform prospects into customers in 60 seconds or less by solving the attention Trifecta dilemma, right something like that. Okay. I still feel like the nine attention levers.

Has a lot of entry about it because I think on the top you had it. I mean, I we created them. I can't think of all nine of them are I I think that's still got enough without having another my concern with what you've just said is it's a lot of brand names that I've never freaking heard of and I'm like, I don't know what any of this is. I know that it's gonna solve my problem, but I've already feel like I'm on the back foot. What do you mean brand names?

Well, does this thing called the skull method of never heard of there's now this there's now this thing called the the something something Trifecta. I'm like, I don't know what any of that is. Got it, okay. Assistant whereas if it's something that's not a brand but it's a bunch of curious stuff around like oh I know what attention is and I'm getting figure out what I think attention leavers are and there's nine of them. How do I pull out?

What are they and how to pull them? I think that's I think that's In my not in a five expertise, that's that's all about it. But I like that even being afterwards though. I like going from the score method to double your that and then you in different way too another product having to launch another product comma by pulling. Yeah, I I think that's that's stronger.

by pulling on the nine attention levers I love that Switcheroo. I think that's brilliant. This Todd Brown doesn't know what he's talking about putting it at the top. Yeah. That's good.

Oh, so that's how I would format it. Yeah. I just when I write I'm sure you guys know too like when I write headlines, I like everything to look on. What's the word I'm looking for and we screw this word up like formatted correctly. Um And so I usually begin I'll begin each sentence with.

Kind of the command or the word that leads right? So I would never put the word double here. Okay, I would always go double to the next sentence generate in the next sentence. once again Yeah, absolutely. It's interesting.

My brain always goes to make it. Look I put the line breaks where it where the weather where the sentences are roughly a similar so a length. The lines were similar so length, but I can see why that works better. I usually do too. I what there's a word I'm looking for.

I actually just did a copy critique for our client that Michael asked me to do and I used the word because this guy's headline was all it was all messed up in terms of his formatting. I just forgot what the word was. But yeah, it's I'm usually the same way. I like it. I like everything to kind of look like it fits in one almost like in a box but um, but my priority above that is that the command of each sentence Begins the right way and then if I can get that into a box at the same time, I will but that to me is more important.

I like the idea. I think it's great. I never heard before it's good. So just go on going back to what your promise is just because what we usually say in terms of who it's specifically for. In general for everything else.

We usually say course creators coaches and membership site owners. That's who we usually say you think it's okay to have those three there. Yeah, I don't see why not. Okay, because I think that'll be better for us on the wrong. Yeah, and I know it's that you'd said all three in yours as well.

So I was like, oh, I wonder if we can just add the others into ours. Yeah, they're the three. We usually beautiful was it course creators coaches and membership site owners. Yeah. So right.

So again the group who we keep attracting more of Robin. I think you should probably post off putting it in is marketing Pros. Like who? I'm thinking like cat and we've got people who like do copyright and because it does too far. It's so far away from the other three, though.

Well, I just thought it does two things one. It's sort of includes them. But I mean they say they saw through it until I'm gonna do anyways, I think we get them anyway. Well, the other thing I just thought of is by having that in there. Does that give more credibility to the other ones of how good this is because other marketing Pros use it it was just a passing for I've had literally had the thought now and have a considered it really.

I think it's long enough now, okay. Grand that looks great to me. Wow. Yeah, I still feel like the attention levers thing is missing something though. Um.

Like it seems it seems slightly incomplete to me. like if you don't want any we don't want any like hyperbolic sort of adjective e words because that just no no, we don't want any. No, we don't nine the nine awesome. Brilliant, you know, yeah. Yeah.

no, no, not that it's like but like I feel like it's just missing a little bit of context of of how they work like next 60 days generate consistent sales without ever having to launch another product by pulling on the nine attention levers. Like it's almost like I want to say like baked into every human's brain or something like that like something about where these levers sit or like why they work. Okay. So I mean this all sense. Yeah, could this help with the fact that like will this work for me in my audience?

Like the fact that just is there a thing in there that sort of is part of the wording something that implies the fact that this is just like humans can't resist this stuff. Yeah, the what about the student being hardwired? I lost you there. What did you say about them being hardwired these things? Yeah.

and all something to do with the fact of The bill have been built in over generation. So I'm talking about like The evolutionary things here Yeah. Yeah, like humans have evolved to have this. Yeah. Let me go to the bathroom real quick and refill my water and see if something comes to me while I'm in there.

That's fine. I'm gonna quickly sort the dog out. Anything pop up for you? Um, I got the word like human hard-wired as well. I was gonna write there.

But it's a bit wordy still I think. insinctive irresistible that's half of things that they do when they are but it's not where they are. It's yeah, it's not where they are. there is the nine intentionally levers hard wide into every human brain how I was thinking that I was also thinking human psyche, but I don't that's too wild of a word. Yeah, it might be too.

Yeah, I have too many different like broad connotations. I guess. Yeah every human. That would Behavior. What's it called?

Like when you have like a instant like reflex reaction, but it's like it's like it's not Primal or something wasn't the one I was thinking of but like an in-built. response he has an inbuilt response but What's the name for I can inbuilt responses like? Like a natural response on the with that word natural. It'd be something to do with like reflex. reflexes good I was thinking more like a stuff that we've had in our brain since we were cave men and women.

Like it's it's like these are the major thing evolutionary something or other. Yeah Evolution that yeah. I was thinking about before Revolution. I was thinking the thing that's like we haven't even evolved like these are like core. These are like these are things that haven't evolved I also.

I wrote Primal as well. Yeah, it's like they're part of a lizard brain. Yeah. Like yeah, I think it's too I don't have a lizard brain. You know, there's too many objects.

by pulling What about if we're tapping into the nine attention leave us does that solve it? yeah, I I think it's yeah, I think that to changeable pulling on them or well, I'm just wondering if that solves it by tapping things the nine into the nine attention levers that sort of imagines that we're tapping into the thing already exists. So we know where that is. So if that was tapping in tapping. Of course can't type you either softball I tapping into.

We could save a nine human attention levers. Yeah, you took the words right out of my mouth. Yeah. Nine now, we've got something human attentionally. I think that needs to be really separate nine from Human.

Otherwise, it's like the nine human how many humans I know things. So yeah. Yeah, that that looks good. See now. It makes sense to me like oh, they're they're human attention levers.

I get it now. There's some context around it. Yeah, yeah. I like that. Okay, cool.

What do we do next? Being not sure. Flowers. What do you think rob you cool with that? Yeah, I mean.

Let me read it all out then. So specifically for course creators coach as a membership site owners not generating enough revenue from their email lists the score method a new and different way to double your Revenue per subscriber in the next 60 days and generate consistent sales without ever having to launch another product by tapping into the nine human attention levers levers. Yeah. I think it's that I think it's not like it. Yeah.

Yeah good. nice because it has The hint of Psych it tells me it's about psychology without us having to say using psychology which is the thing. We've always bought with like we want to say we use psychology, but without using the word psychology, but by saying these nine human attention leavers, we're saying oh this psychology based it's it's implied which is way more credible. It's great. Yeah, very good.

Let's see. Let me go back to your lead now for a second. championships this annoying human attention lovers. Oh, yeah. Let me ask you a question.

We talked about this on the last call about tying. the big idea more specifically into the unique mechanism right by saying like oh, um for example like Like this step in the mechanism pulls Hmm this lever. Right, right. Arm and this step in the mechanism pulls this lever. Yeah.

It doesn't quite I don't think it quite works that way. Okay. All right. No, that's sort of like a right angle to one another really. That's what doing different things.

You can really use any of the any of them with any of the steps. Yeah, absolutely closer sounds much educational content and could be any of them remove risk from purchase. But it's not really about that. It's about like the stories you're telling the emails will sometimes invoke community and sometimes though their book invoke the other so like yeah, it's not necessarily just about what they're sort of hook of the email is I'm just about the story you tell in order to demonstrate that hook or whatever got it, okay. it does mean there's gonna be like a point like roundabout now when we start going into it into like those chunks where we suddenly seem to stop talking about this thing called the score method or the levers.

Definitely the levers will end up not talking about so we might have to figure out a way of just peppering. That throughout in a different way. Maybe if it's not going to be related to those pieces of the I mean, I guess we can just keep referring back to them. Yeah, like what happens to stop that attention falling off when people first join and all of that. Yes.

it's with sentences like you know, if you don't you subscribers to forget who you are three days after they joined your email list, then you know, that's what the attention leave us are going to do or Yeah, yeah. Yeah, just slightly different way. That's right. I think. you know one thing that I would maybe consider with regard to this line is remember if you're going to if the ultimate goal with this thing is to go to cold traffic, right which is really what an E5 campaign is designed for.

Well, just I mean just in case it helps our goal is not really to ever run cold traffic to this. It's not. Okay. No. Okay.

Well what I was gonna say, I don't know if this still applies is that like while this sentence is true that attention is the hardest to maintain via email marketing. Like what we don't want is for people to read that and go well then why the f*** do I even want to focus on email marketing? Why do I want to why do I want to go where it where it's the hardest like there should also be a payoff to this like meaning. Yeah attentions the hardest to maintain via email marketing, but once you get it email marketing is the most profitable form of marketing, right that's trade off. Yeah, so maybe I mean we've got two choice either we make the argument you just mentioned or we don't raise it.

because it's about making it easy like We want to make it so easy that it's not true and that they get in and go Jesus. This is actually work because we're against that pitch. But at the same time we don't be raising that objection of like it's really tricky to get it. unless we do it in a way that the way most people have done email marketing attentions really tricky to get and maintain Yeah. So I just say that.

Okay. Yeah, the way email marketing has been done traditionally. Yeah. Makes it even makes it really tough to get a maintain that attention once you understand the nine types of that. That's good because it's kind of like even if you tried it before and it sucked.

Of course, it sucked the way it's been done traditionally is terrible. Um I kind of creates like a differentiation about why this time might be different. I think that's an interesting. There's a bit you sad you've got. one and the way email marketing and the way introduce has been done traditionally like that done past tense, then that's good most of it a cup and entertainment attention got it.

Okay. Yeah, I like that better. See, I almost want to say here. Like you could just write your own emails faster because you just pick any of the attention levers baked into the score method instead of saying yeah, I kind of going around the house is the latest. Yeah.

That's why I was asking you before like if we could like align them up to the unique mechanism. But even if we didn't do that, could we make that statement without it being misleading? You say it again? So say what was that? What was the statement?

You can write your own emails faster because you just pick from any one of the attention levers baked into the score method. Yes, you can you count I mean we even teach, you know, just pick one of these when we teach it in another one of our programs and we call them the valley and the types of value. We just say you can just pick one of these and write an email about it. Yeah, I mean so close enough. I guess very close.

I think in reality people actually find it. The other way around is easier. I think don't think people are going let's think of a story that implies Community. I think they're just like follow through the stuff and Community comes out of it. Let's talk about that's inspires hope and then I think well actually happens.

They just follow this stuff and that stuff ends up being in it. Right is that like I think that sentence definitely sounds better is it just but is it correct? You can write your own emails faster because you can just pick from any of the attention lovers baked into the score method rather than just trying to just rather than well. The truth is if they just if they just use any element of the score method, they'll automatically be using one of the attention leaders. Okay.

It's kind of the other way around as Rob said, yeah, you don't have to sit and go. Oh, I'm gonna use that attention leave. And then now I'm gonna be using the score method. That's not true. If you pick an element of the score method you will be using on the attention levers.

okay, so so what we could say is because when you use the score method Yeah. if you score method your simultaneously automatically automatically your there you go. automatically baking in Well, you automatically pulling the levers, right? Okay into yeah tapping into yeah. into the attention lovers Okay.

only you write your own emails faster because all right, so we got the score method here so we can just remove this. Okay, because the automatically tapping into the attention lovers baked into the score method when you use it. you use a write your own emails faster because you're automatically tapping into the attention lovers baked into the score method when you use it rather than trying to start from scratching each time. That makes sense. I think so.

It's very similar what we had before. I think you can write your emails faster because you're not. You can write your emails faster. No, oh something about that feels very long and you can write your own emails faster because you're one of my only tapping into the gym you preferred it before. Yeah, I think I did but it's faster.

Right the name debate on the score methods. So there's no guesswork. You can write your own emails faster because you automatically tap it into. These attention levers. No, the intentionally was big.

And I say very similar things and employees in the keepers covers interest without diminishing trust. These nine levers are already based on the score method, so there's no guesswork. and when you yeah, I feel like maybe I'll probably also just my little brain. So I don't see I don't have a preference but about the previous one or this one for me. They just say they imply the same thing.

It's whether the Nuance of it. It's hard for us though because we know we know what's behind it. Yeah, which is the advantage too because we know what's true. That makes sense. Yeah.

That's true. That is true. We know what's true. But like what sounds easy fun interesting and engaging other person listening to it when they don't know what's behind it. Like we're so blind to that.

Yeah, like, how are you? So could we could we say like so rather than sitting down and trying to come up with intriguing interesting email? Um, instead you just follow the score method and you wind up automatically tapping into the attention levers. Yeah. All right.

to come up with interesting entertaining and function grabbing emails you Something interesting entertainment attention really emails. You simply. you follow a scorn I said so rather than sitting down and painstakingly trying to come up with interesting entertaining attention grabbing emails when you follow the score method. you automatically you you can't help but maybe that's two. You will be using.

You'll be pulling on. You'll be pulling these attention levers. as in these attention almost say like by default, but I don't know if that's the right word. I'm saying I'm trying to come up with interesting entertaining attention grabbing emails when you fall a score method, you'll be pulling on the attention Letters by default. So we say that yeah, yeah.

Yep. Not only right becomes easier. I don't know if you want to include this a next I don't put too many benefits in there. But writing really good emails becomes faster and easier not not just like getting an email bashed out as fast Asia, but like writing them of this quality becomes fat. Alright in the back of this this effective because of the levers becomes faster and easier.

I mean, so how would you want to say that would you just say like well, like what's a word that you're people could like you could you say like writing killer emails? Is that something they would say or no? Yeah, we would say that to them don't know whether they would say that but yeah, right and kill your emails because faster and easier. Yeah. right like Like, you know this like Todd always uses the term home run right writing home run marketing campaigns, you know, because he knows that I mean that's the way he talks but all so, you know, that's how a lot of people in our industry describe them right home run all that.

That was a home run. Yes interesting because it's interesting because I would never use that wood because he's not even a term in UK sports, but I would but it wouldn't put me up buying it like I wouldn't in anything like I would still feel totally connected to it. So I don't think it's an issue that oh people might not say even if we would You know. Yeah, yeah. any easier Those are require used in some local news clippings.

It has segmentation wireless internet content such as the kids storytelling Sunday from different meaning emails of trying to treat people subject lines. Volume emails to get exemption General insurance by simultaneously building atrocity policymability copyrighting skills all the size. And I like it. Yeah. Awesome.

I like it. I think it's solid lead. Yeah good. So what goes in next then and we obviously this is our last call so we need we need instructions Yeah, so next is your credibility statement, which is my name is so and so this is why this is who I am why I'm credible why you should listen to me. Um, Todd doesn't Ah doesn't believe that credibility statements should really be that long because it's not about you.

It's about the prospect right? It's just about giving them a reason why they should listen to you. That's all not not going off on a tangent, which you guys don't do that. Anyway, go, you know you I see your marketing campaigns and they're not about you guys don't spend tons of time padding yourself on the back. So it's credibility statement and then really an introduction into the unique mechanism.

So let's let me explain what the score method is how it works and how you can use it to Um again primary promise how you can use it to increase your Revenue per subscriber double your whatever it's going to be in the next 60 days and then I'll usually start with depending on what it is. Okay, so there are five methods there are five steps to the score method. And then boom you go right into everything we did in the unique mechanism. And then after that is everything we did in the marketing argument. Okay.

Checks. Oh good. It's the same offer. Next to the center offer. Yep, um A good rule of thumb with the marketing argument is um, try to like we talked about this before the Primacy in recency.

So try to put your best claims at the beginning and at the end of the marketing argument Yeah. and then um There's already a pre-written. There's the seat the cpb connectors are there for you and that's not all and best of all and like I said before and you know, what else is great that you put in between each of your CPD chunks, right? They're all listed on the they're called cpb connectors. And then there's a Todd wrote up a Segway into the sin offer, which is perfect.

It's what you attach. From the marketing argument. You have a segue. You just attach that let me tell you what the you know with the league is or whatever. It's gonna be what the league is all about what you get what's included and then that goes right into your sent offer.

And then um, like I said, the only thing that that we do differently would E5 then maybe we you might be used to is the bonus stack, you know, like in many of my marketing campaigns I reveal the price and then I add on the bonuses with this we we do everything before we reveal the price and Todd's thinking behind that is um, so first of all, this is typically when we do an E5 campaign, it's for a minimum viable funnel, right? So it's for a funnel that's right out of the gate that's designed to get you 60 cents on the dollar out of the gate. If you get 60 cents on the dollar to cold traffic would a minimum viable funnel. It's a home run because once you add a bump upsells down sell subscription follow up emails, you'll get to break even right and then you're able to acquire customers for free and then you off into the sunset and live happily ever after right? Um, so with a minimum viable funnel Todd wants us to always have the best chance of providing the most amount of benefits before revealing the price.

And so that's why we stack everything in the Sin offer before we tell them how much it is. Okay. whereas again other marketing approaches do it a little bit differently where they lay out everything they reveal the price and then they do a bonus stack after that just to make it feel like oh I'm getting even more stuff. Yeah, um. What do your uh, what kind of water form are you gonna use for this you guys have a template that you're that you currently use that you would use for this?

Yeah. We have a lot of fun we already use. Yeah. Can I take a look at it real quick? Rob she used to I guess the p number one, right?

For the league? Yeah. Unless you want to use the accelerator. I'll do the accelerate one actually, so you have a pretty cart the cart dot email marketing heroes.com for Slash. Email and email Dash engine - accelerator, I think.

Dash I think Dash hopefully - let's say all right or let's see how my spelling is today terrible. Okay, so it just might not be that it might just be I'll go to Five can't find out. Alright. Oh f****** spot my car now, Jesus a lot. Last bus is being a dick.

Get you oh, it was the email engine accelerator. So close. course it was There you go. I put it in the chat for your pool. Okay.

Although it has sold out who can't get to it. Well, you could just go make one available. Yeah. Make it a million dollars in case somebody finds it. Just wanted to take a quick.

Look what happens if I put it in test mode. Will that just work? well No, I don't think I don't or maybe. I'll tell I'll do is I'll just I'll just make it live for a second. If you go to pricing there's a bit where you can set the global quantity.

Yeah, it says it's not. limited right now, so It's just you don't listen. You don't have to you don't have to screw with it on if you want. Just send me like, I don't know maybe a duplicated version of it or something like that this way you're not going in and messing around with all your stuff. I just want to take a quick look at it.

Um and just see if there's anything maybe that you might be missing on at that, um could help improve your order form conversion rate for this. That's all. Okay. And what I can do is I can show you the one that we're doing for the league so I can quickly grab you that one. That's just on.

you yep. There you go. Okay. Let's take a look. I'll see in our process here.

We've sort of listed the bonuses as a different way to the way we've done it so far so that this obviously reflect what's currently advertise. Okay, so just a couple of I mean you pretty much have it nailed but like a couple of things that I would add are I would move this over here and I would put a support email or a phone number or preferably both up at the top just because even if people never call the number just having it there. Um I found increases conversions. I have an 800 number that goes to a voicemail that friggin alerts my phone and my partner's phone if somebody leaves a voicemail and then we have the secretary caller back but just having a support for like having the address there increase conversions having the address and the phone number lifted it like by like five or ten percent. Um, I also put a countdown timer on the order form where I'll do something like will hold your order for the next whatever 10 minutes kind of like Ticketmaster does like all the big ticket companies here in the US when you buy tickets to a concert they kind of have that on there.

So people are used to seeing that now and it's not a lie either right? Like we are gonna hold their order for the next 10 minutes. Well, we're gonna probably hold it for the next 10 hours too. So it's not you know, it's not necessarily a lie, but it's a way of adding it's a little bit of a Twist on on urgency. Um, another thing that I like to do.

I like to always add values to everything that they're getting. Um. And then do like a total value recap at the bottom just so that they have that final frame of reference where there's they're looking at the price that it's worth the value and the price that you're charging so that there's not any well, how much was this again? And what am I get like, they just see it staring in front of them like that. I'm not super comfortable with the countdown time a bit, but I really like the other two things.

um Yeah, cool. Other than that, I mean are you got everything else now? So looks good. Yeah, we spend some I mean this is obviously iteration after iteration and stuff like that. And I'm just getting is as close as possible and we get there mailing address because we send them like a postcard and stuff like that once they join and I kind of things.

cool Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool. Great, cool. All right, so we just need to figure out exactly you know, where it's gonna go and stuff like that.

That's gonna be once we get back from Once we get back from Orlando and stuff, that's cool. Yeah, and this has been great. I mean, I'm just it's just amazing like how different. This approach is to what we have when we start like the score I think about this like ten or so weeks ago score method didn't exist. Didn't I wasn't a thing?

That's like being like yeah, I think above and beyond the sales letter for me. I quite like the like the the sort of framework creation if you like. Yeah, same I think mostly for me. It's the easiest way for me to write copy. Like I used to I've written over well over a hundred sales letters and every time I sit down to write a set like the way I used to do it.

I used to dread it. I mean just sitting down and starting with the thought of starting with a headline and everything that I'm gonna have to write from that little eyebrow pre headline all the way to the PS and the final thing was just overwhelming. This is like a way to chew to take a bite of the elephant every single week while also making sure that each component you're focusing on is the best that it can be and then by the time you're done you have this entire thing banged out you just have to assemble it. Yeah, it's a great like sort of modular way of doing it, I believe so. I'll see email really but I think that's why we like it.

It's very much. I do all these bits and then bring it together, which is quite nice you feel like you're completing little levels as you go and then the finishing the boss the game at the end of the game is just a case of bringing it all together if that makes sense. I think it's being a bit more like science than off. So I think if you think about like with it with a sales letter you sort of massaging as you go you sort of feel like oh God. Am I going around in circles of I like I've said something here that I'm supposed to say late.

I was this all quite because it's quite of but then the blank see like, you know modular. Yeah, it's great. It's really really great. Great. Awesome stuff cool.

We've got a load of stuff in that which we can use in different things as well. Like we've been looking out here. Some of the cpb chunks about that. We're like, oh we can use that in this bit and we've got a pitch webinar coming up in a, you know couple of weeks for the league and we're like, we're grabbing that out of this or garden this out of it. I'm gonna put those chunks in so going into that level of depth with with each of the elements as like great for not just I mean like you said like the most people use these for cool traffic.

We've got no intention of running cold traffic to this but for the where for everything else is it touches on is super valuable. Cold. All right. I'm actually gonna jump on with Jackie in four minutes from now. Oh nice.

Yeah to help her out with her offer. But when you guys put this whole thing in one document, so when you have like the final script send it over to me just like I take a look at it and see how everything flows and then I'm also get you that video if you want from Todd which shows yeah sure popping that into a slide presentation software. And other than that. Yeah, if you could send us that thing with about keynote and using it and doing that thing in keynote using the the outlines that will be Sam's flipping magical. Yes.

That's great. Yeah, it sounds brilliant. Yeah. Well go and enjoy speaking to Jackie passing our regards by the end of that. You'll be speaking practically fluent British.

So you'll be you'll be good you talk about the apples and pears before you know it. Tea and crumpets. I mean, that's the way we roll all the time eating some now right man. See you later. All right guys, enjoy the rest of your night.

Thanks, man. Bye for now.
