---
title: "Foundations 2021-11-29 17:00:01"
date: 2021-11-29
duration: 1h 2m
duration_seconds: 3741
vimeo_id: 651234119
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations 2021-11-29 17:00:01

**Date:** 2021-11-29 | **Duration:** 1h 2m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Hey, Lisa. Hey, how are you? Good. I wasn't sure anyone was going to show up today.

Why is that? Well, it's the holiday season. And like this morning, nobody showed up for that call. And last week, nobody showed up for Paul's call. And, you know, or one of his calls, he does three.

I don't have the holiday spirit, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Or the holiday money. Maybe that's it.

Or the holiday marriage. Yeah. Someone else's money. Yeah. Well, if I knew it was going to be like this, I never would have got divorced.

I'll tell you that. Any husband is better than no husband. Unless he's like beating you or drinking or has a really annoying habits. Yeah. None of which my husband had.

Oh, well, too late now. Yeah. I have one of those habits where I repeat myself. Oh, I do too. It must be a literary thing.

You know, we feel like that's probably why we're driven to write, that people really don't understand us. Yeah. It's part of the same phenomena, I think. Yeah, that they can't be possibly as smart as I am and understand this without me repeating it, at least. But, you know, as a teacher, like in the position you're in, it's really a good thing because you are teaching something that is pretty difficult to grasp and not widely known.

So, if you were to only say it once, I don't know that anybody would get it. So, it's found its home, an appropriate home. And probably if you're speaking French and it's not perfect, it's a good thing, too. Yeah. I know I've had to repeat myself in Italian because people just looked at me cross-eyed.

How was your Italian? Mm-hmm? How was your Italian? My Italian is amazing to people that don't speak Italian, but I sound fluent and they're totally impressed. Yeah.

As for Italians, I apologize for murdering the grammar. Yeah. And the pronunciation has much to be desired, but because I just put an O on the end of many words, they all think I have a brilliant vocabulary. I'm like, I'm just guessing. Yeah.

If I put an O or an I-N-O, I'll probably end up with something. And so, that is my only impressive aspect of my Italian is my vast vocabulary of words that I, you know, I'm guessing on. And most of them work out. At least they come close to something comprehensible. Yeah.

Comprehensible is comprehensible. So, you know, it's just not that hard. You can do a lot of guessing and get away with it. Yeah. And I guess a lot about what they're saying.

French, I found much more difficult than Italian because a lot of the sounds in French, I could never pronounce even the word no. So, I tried one night, I think 10 minutes I sat with a bunch of French guys when I was 16 and I just couldn't get my nose, the air out of my nose right. I don't know. They're more nasal than New Yorkers. Yeah.

Like a nose, right? I couldn't do it. How's yours? Uh, I speak, um, I speak pretty good restaurant French. Well, I bet you do better than that.

Oh, no. You can probably find all my clients speak English. Oh, yeah, me too. That's the issue. When I was in Italy is all my work was in English, but I'm planning to go back in January and never come back again.

And actually study with somebody or in a class at some point and get, you know, really at the top of my game in Italian because I love the language and I'm not that far. I get to get there. Yeah. That's one of my goals for life is to complete everything I've started. There's really nothing I have to start that I, I need to start just to get to the top level and everything.

Only that list is, it has about 10 things on it, but one at a time. Anyway, I felt like really sick this week. I'm sure I have a New Jersey sickness and, um, I don't know what I'm going to do, but I have narcolepsy, really a sad case and weird symptoms. Oh, so it's not, it's not a jet lag. It's not anymore.

No, I I'm just, I can't stop sleeping. And I, I actually felt like I had to go to the emergency room a couple of times. I had this before New Jersey, the sleeping sickness and heart palpitations. And I don't know when I went to Italy, I, I hardly slept. My heart did not beat fast unless I saw something incredibly beautiful.

And. Oh yeah. I had a headache for days. I was just like in the peak of health over there. I kind of get back there.

I, I, when I was, um, for a while, I was in the nuclear power industry and I worked the midnight shift and. Um, to shift from working midnight shift for a year back to day shift took me weeks and weeks and weeks. So it might be. You were in Italy for quite a while. Yeah.

But I don't think that's it because I hardly slept there at all. No, I'm, I'm sure it's, it's New Jersey. It's in an inherently horrible place. And if you have any interest in beauty and charm, it will kill you. It's a soul crushing place.

My soul is crushed. I'm crushed. I could cry every day here for no reason at all. It's a, it's a black hole. It's everything has been sucked into it that I care about and what's remained is just some forms.

It's like the matrix. It's the, it's the robot world. It's a nightmare. It's just strip mall after strip mall. Horrible.

Anyway, I feel sorry for the people here because I will get out and they will remain and they won't even know what they're missing. So I worked on my thing. I worked, I had a brief, um, talk with Paul and, um, he suggested I do something. I haven't done it yet. He said that you two talked about, which is just to have one benefit at the end of each.

Um, but I thought, okay, I can always eliminate them. I thought I'd just put them in anyway. He also said, um, I couldn't play back what he said because I was just not feeling good and I couldn't do it on my phone. So I, he probably told me things to do, which I don't remember, but he said to start it off with like the 5C method has five simple steps, you know, some kind of preface, which I didn't even get to. I was thinking to do that later.

Um, and, um, what I did differently is I tried to really make a proof. Like he suggested, I talk about the brain, which is one of my pet peeves because the brain doesn't do anything. You have a brain on the ground with no person. It's not an active thing. It's your mind.

Nowadays, for the past five, 10 years, it's like brain science. It's not, it's not about the brain. It's not how the brain works, how the mind works. But in any case, I'm not that into all that stuff. I've read a whole bunch of books on that, you know, on, um, the strange behaviors of the human mind.

And that's what he said I should put in the proof, but it's just, I feel like I don't need to scientifically prove the validity of a new idea or why beauty matters. I mean, to me, I just. No, you don't. Yeah. I can't do that.

I would have to go back and listen to exactly what he was saying. Probably has some merit. It does, but it's not my, it's not me. I'm not going to give the scientific proof on how the brain works and why a new one, contrary, an idea, how it sparks synapses in our brain. I'm just not going to do it.

It's just, it's just not, I don't think it's, I'm not interested in science whatsoever. I don't need science to tell me something that's completely obvious to anyone that something new is going to grab attention. Obviously, if you're walking down the street and there's something new, you're going to look at it. If you've seen it a thousand times, you're not. I don't want, I'm just not doing that.

Okay. So here's the proof. This is the best I could do with proof. You'll see here. All right.

So as much of a compromise as I could make. Okay. So let me share my screen to make sure we're talking about the same doc. I just sent it to you. Like, you just sent it to me.

Yeah. I'm always doing that. I'm always meaning to send things. And then I look at them and they look so stupid. I'm like, how could I have written that quickly hustle and send you something two minutes before.

I don't know how many times I've heard we've all communicate through stories and cavemen. That can't be proof, you know, told stories around the campfire. How do you know? Okay. They did cave paintings for those stories.

I don't know. I'm just not going there. Yeah. Okay. So listen, I'm going to share my screen.

I can't do it. It's against my, the grain of who I am. So there's just a limit. Yeah. So if I have to dumb things down that much, then I don't want to be a teacher anymore.

I think I'll just go dig a hole and hibernate. You know, that's how I feel. You know, I'll go work with children who are 3 billion times smarter than adults. That's what I probably should do. They don't have as much money.

Never, never land. They don't have as much money as adults. Their parents do. I used to teach children art. They were all geniuses.

Everything they did was spectacular. We had an art show that was mind blowing. I mean, I don't know why I thought I should be a coach and work with adults. It seemed like more, I don't know. I actually, I don't know what I was thinking.

Who knows? Something about prestige. Power. Now, look at me. Made it and lost it.

Well, if this doesn't work, you can probably help me in another way. I'm not joking. It sounds like it, but I mean it. If this doesn't work out, I've been planning to write three books. One called Rejection, Betrayal, well, Trilogy, Rejection, Betrayal, and Failure.

And that's what I'm going to do. And every single horrible thing that happens to me, I'm just going to run over to my laptop
and record it before I forget it and have three enormous tomes that I can enter, put entrees into
every single day and never run out of material in those three areas because they happen every day. And other people will read them and say, wow, my life isn't that bad and I'll give hope to the world
and maybe make enough money to live because I will admit things about those three things that have rarely been told
in depth, publicly, in modern times before. It'll be akin to Van Gogh's letters if you've ever read them. And if you haven't, you should.

What is that? Say that again. Have you ever read Van Gogh's letters? No, I have not. Well, if you want to get totally depressed, but you need the most brilliant people in the world,
you've got to read those letters.

I consider his letters as good as his paintings. Oh, really? If not better. And just as unique and revelatory and brilliant. I went through them twice.

I listened to them. And both times I concluded that he made the right choice. It made me think I'm not going to listen a third time. You know, by putting an end to himself. I'm like, I'm not done with that.

I forbid myself from reading them. But you'll see Van Gogh is mentioned here in my first proof. If you go to the top. He's in the proof of challenge. He can usually find a way in my writings.

And so can Mother Teresa. It's like the King Charles' head if you ever read David Copperfield Hill. Once somebody had an obsession and every time they spoke, they talk about King Charles' head, some lunatic. This is fine. Listen, Lisa, let's, what I would do at this point, see, you're not going to know, if you change things now, you're not going to know if you're making it better or worse.

I wasn't planning to change. I was planning to continue and just do a little better on the proof. You mean in this first, in this first. On everywhere it says proof to be a little more. Yeah, don't worry.

Okay. All right. That's fine. See, the first chunk is really about teaching what the five C's are. See, I actually don't even need proof.

Yeah. I remember you said that. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I know. And the reason I said that.

Actually, you're looking at, you're not looking at the latest document. Oh, okay. That's the one before. Okay, two, two, two. All right.

Hold on. Because I want to show you the proof that I put in, which I thought was sufficient. That's where the Van Gogh piece is. It's proof based on art, not based on science, which is more of my expertise. Really, I sent it a couple of minutes before we started.

Yep. This is it. Repaired. Repaired. My bad.

I'll close one I had open. Open this one. Open this one. Open this one. So that's my proof.

That's what I want you to look at. Yep. That's fine. Because you're explaining. You're explaining.

And again, you're teaching the five C's. You don't need to claim or prove anything. This is your, you're teaching a system. Um, I know we talked about this before. Okay.

But I think the most important thing that I do differently is you get some cool ideas. Yeah. And this is fine. What you're doing. You're also, um, you're also including benefits throughout here, which I don't want you to not do.

Okay. Especially. Yeah. Especially in the first chunk when you're teaching. I always like to have, um, dozens and dozens of benefits while I'm teaching something.

So it's not all. Look at the second proof for stories. I think this is good enough. Like, look at my proof there. Oh, the, the, this, the second chunk.

Chunk two. Chunk two. Number two. Yeah. That's my new way of proving things.

Not with science. Okay. Other system teach you to find stories to illustrate. No, no. That's, um.

Chunk two? Chunk one. And captivate. Right at the top. Okay.

Oh, captivate. All right. I got it. Okay. So here's my proof.

Go down to proof right there under captivate. Let me read the claim first. So I'll make sure that you're proving the actual claim. Yeah. I need your powerful, one-of-a-kind captivating stories.

We'll let my audiences generate and generate so many leads. And we'll come as on after speaker. Okay. So that's the learn to tell captivating stories. One said, okay.

To me, that's good enough proof. Yeah, that is. That's the kind of proof I'm willing to put in. Things that are just obvious, but need to be highlighted versus doing scientific research,
which I couldn't care less about personally. I don't need clients to convince me of anything.

Yeah. If you were talking to somebody about captivate, you wouldn't be using scientific research when
you-
No, I wouldn't get back to the cave people. I really wouldn't. Yeah. You know what I tell people?

Not everyone knows that it tells stories who has friends. If you're boring and you can't tell a good story, you won't have any friends. So obviously, this is something everyone knows how to do. And that's what we like. We like stories.

I mean, I don't know how much more obvious it has to be. I don't know why we need to go down to, you know, the scientific level. Well, no. Yeah, that's fine. That's fine.

It's important to make that distinction, though, because a lot of people don't realize how
important stories are. That's true, but I'm not proving that point. Yeah, they grew up reading textbooks in school that taught them things. And those weren't stories, necessarily. Not in a math book, not in a chemistry book, not in maybe history, kind of.

Not really. You know, I actually wanted to learn European history. And I bought a college course of, like, unbelievable amount of hours, a whole year's worth of European
history. And I couldn't understand why my attention wandered. And I realized they managed to teach history without stories.

So in school, they really have, you know, eviscerated everything of stories. And we talked about philosophies and reasons versus a story that would demonstrate all
that. It's amazing how that's the difference between learning in school and then any other kind
of learning is the lack of stories. I agree. I agree 100%.

But anyway, I wasn't joking about you helping me write those three books. If this doesn't work, I'm done with people. I'm just going to write my books and be a hermit and be done with the human race completely. And just work on my personal projects and don't include anyone. I'll leave people to their own devices.

And by that point, everybody might be a hermit, thanks to Fauci and all those other idiots. So it really wouldn't even matter. I'll give up my online life outside of my book. So I thought I would leave in how to construct a speech. I haven't edited it in forever, but I feel like.

Leave in. Oh, yeah, definitely. So you're talking about the construct? Yeah. Yeah, I feel like that's important.

And I think the rest of it is all fine. I mean, to me, I can keep going. I'm not planning to change a lot. I would say. And I told you this last time we spoke.

Just take all of this, all of this that you have. And go ahead and write your script. Go ahead and write it out. So you don't think I should keep going? No, no.

Because there's a zillion other questions we have that I didn't answer. Well. Okay. Disregard that. If you go up to the top, I mean, people do ask me all those things.

Like, what does it cost? How long does it take? They really want to know that. That's really what interests them. And usually the reason I lose clients is they have absurd ideas.

Like, they all think that they can give me $3,000 approximately. And in three months, they will have a keynote speech that will earn them $10,000 for the rest of their life. That is really the belief of all my clients. Okay. So I don't just tell that.

It won't be long before, you know, the whole thing is just pops like a balloon. Yeah. Let me, let me show you something. I mean, if I could do that, I would be the richest person. I wish I was that smart.

That's not what I want. So we came up with 14 questions here. Yep. Yep. I wanted to show you an example of not going crazy with those chunks.

Well, some of them are overlapping. I think I could combine. Yeah, so like this here, you see how there's a quick claim, a quick proof, and a benefit. That's all you need to do with the remaining, with your remaining ones. But do bear in mind, like Mark Twain said, sorry, this letter is so long, I didn't have
the time to make it short.

I lean towards very prolific. I know. And it worked very hard to be concise. Yeah. What was that?

That looked cool. What was the checklist template? That's all the stuff that person provides. Just for a moment, I saw some list of all the stuff. Looked like a lot of stuff.

Oh, yeah. That was, are you talking about this? Yeah. Although this is Ryan Levesque. Like, one of the things I do is I look at campaigns.

I study campaigns. And this is like Ryan Levesque's Black Friday thing that's going to expire. I don't know who it is, but yeah. And so that's all. I like to look at what their offers are.

I like to look at, you know, stuff like that. By the way, I think I found someone to help me with technology, this, this techie waiter
that lives nearby and a graphic designer because, you know, is worried, like what happens when
I get to that point. But I think I've solved that problem. Yeah, so, like if someone asked this question, like how would you answer it with a claim of proof
and a benefit before you got off the elevator? You know what I mean?

You know, you're going to get. You or Paul that says, how long is the string? I know. I know. Is it you or Paul or both of you say that to me?

I don't know. I know I say that, but. Okay, so it's probably you. But no, I would say that if it was on the elevator, I would say if you have a great speech,
three years, you'd be getting 10,000. That would be reasonable.

I'd help people get 10,000. Like they had a speech at five. I just showed them how to negotiate. I literally told people just ask for 10. I mean, it depends on where they are.

But obviously, I'm not going to go into that on the elevator since I don't know that person. But if they started from scratch and they worked with me, I would say they could expect to be getting a steady 10K in three years. Which is a lot, which is a lot, because you could be speaking an incredible amount of times. I mean, there are people that are speaking 100 times a year. Yeah, so the proof and then a proof would just be, you know, a quick case study with somebody you worked with before that's getting 10K.

Yeah. Like, how do I, do I have to pay for advertising? Do I need to have a marketing campaign? You could make, you could say one claim that would answer both of them. That's the point of my speech is that if your speech is good enough, right from the first time that you share it, you'll be getting leads and you will not have to do any of that.

Because I have a way that you can pick up leads as soon as you've memorized your speech and you're not reading it, and there's really no reason to read a speech ever, you will be getting leads and you will have work and you, and it'll start to snowball. But listen, Lisa, make sure that when you make these claims, don't talk about the speeches and how great they are. Talk about the 5C method. Yeah, if you use this method with a 5C speech, the first time you go out and give it properly, meaning without reading, you will get work, you will, you will get leads, no question about it. Yeah, so there you go.

And that's. I can say that on an elevator. That's 100%. No, no, no advertising, no cold calls, no marketing campaign, nothing. People will just go fill out the form, ask you to contact them and book you.

That's going to happen. That's, you see, see how quick that was? Yeah. That explanation. Yeah, that's.

That's all you need. Okay. Because you've already spent a lot of time in chunk number one, teaching them what it is. Yeah, and the proof is, I've seen speakers do this. I mean, countless speakers have shared their 5C speech and not had to advertise and got work for years.

I mean, if you want to, it's all good. It's the icing on the cake, but it's not necessary. Are you able to name people? Yes. Okay, perfect.

That's great proof. Personally, I still haven't done any advertising and I actually have work again. Thank God. To this lockdown. You know, and I, I mean, if I've had a career for 15 years without advertising and so are my speakers, what more need I say?

I think it's advertising is great. It's just not necessary. It might be great to have a Lamborghini or whatever they call it, Lamborghini, but it's not necessary. You can get around. You can, you can be a full-time successful speaker without doing anything outside of being great.

I believe in that. If it, if the world is really predicated on hype, then we wouldn't have evolved as a civilization. It just, it's not possible. It's ridiculous. The pet rocks are gone.

Look, I wouldn't be doing this if I didn't think marketing was a good thing and I needed it and everyone should do it, but I'm just saying it's not necessary. That's all with a good speech, right? Oh, with a bad speech, you better do some marketing. Yeah. So these remaining questions, just knock them out.

They don't. Okay. Yeah. I think I haven't done it because I just worked on a bunch of speeches and my head hurts every day besides having health issues. I can't write more than a few hours a day.

I don't know how other people do it. My head literally hurts and I don't know what I'm even looking at. The words are just dancing on the page. I'm like, I don't know if this makes sense. Maybe it's part of the New Jersey sickness.

Maybe I have brain fog. I always hear people talking about that. But my brain wasn't foggy before I got to this place. This place is foggy. Today it hailed.

The second day. Well, it's that time of year. Hail time. Warm weather with ice coming down that doesn't melt. Seems very abnormal.

Someone else said it to me. He said he thought it was the end of the world. I thought, yeah, the government has now decided to just kill us in a more direct manner. Why shoot everyone up when you can drop stuff on us? Weaponized weather.

Hail. Poison hail. That's what it looks like. It doesn't look normal at all. But I'm still here.

So maybe they're going to wipe out New Jersey first with this hail. See, I'm losing my mind. Yeah. So you need to get back to Italy. January 15th is my entry date.

I just looked into Florida, but that's not an exciting place. You know, just until I could get to Italy. Something about Florida that's also really vacuous. You've been there. Florida.

Yeah. Yeah. It's like the pod people came. I just want to say more thing. I was planning to go to Ireland, but do you know what the prime minister, whatever they
call that guy said, if you're not vaccinated, you can't go to the supermarket.

So I have a green pass thing, you know, but still, I don't want to be in a country where
they really want to starve people. That's really cruel. Have you heard this? Um, well, I know that, that new, uh, variants out that new. Okay.

So we'll, what we'll do is make sure people can eat that way. They won't get it. That's a great plan. So no way you're going to get that variant when we starve you to death. That's evil.

Yeah. I don't want to, it makes me not want to go there, but they would even say that I've
watched two, two speeches by the guy. I mean, like two, he really said that they're not going to let you get food. All right. So I, I think I can do this.

I really should be able to do this in a day. That's what I think. I, I would love it if you just did it in a day. I could. These questions.

Somebody would just come here and put a gun to my head and say,
write that, or I'm going to blow your brains out. That's what I need. And then I'd maybe get a robber and say, listen, here's my money. I'll give you half of it. If you just put the gun to my head.

All right. I'm going to shoot for it. I will not take a map. I will just finish it. Even if it's not perfect.

Okay. And then once I do that, I, I saw it. Cause Paul told me to go look at something to get this preface. It was like page 15 of this thing where it tells you how to string it
all together. Was that it?

Let me see. I'll show you. I'll show you exactly where it is. On this. If you own the left-hand side, if you click on final E5 campaign sequence
instructions,
you'll see that there is campaign argument, part three,
the sequence instructions.

These are the steps. These are, you put them all in. Where is all this? Yeah. This is on, on the document.

You just sent me. Oh, I just didn't scroll down enough. Okay. Page 15. No, I'm not a scroller.

I'll scroll down. Okay. I just need to scroll and then I'll find it. Let's see. Campaign argument, part three.

I see it. Okay. I'm looking at it right now. Okay. Put it all together and then I'm up to the technology part.

Yeah. I would, I would say do the rest of your questions and send those to me. Okay. And then we'll do the, we'll screw it all together. With the, with page 15.

Okay. I'll promise myself something amazing at the end of the day. A wild shopping spree. I'm trying to figure out if cyber Monday, which is today,
is all about cyber things or anything. I think if you sell anything online, it's, it's for that.

Because I don't want any more technology. I don't know what I want, but I'll,
I'll treat myself to finding out if I can get this done today. Okay. Before cyber Monday is done. Did you know we're having cyber Monday?

Yeah. That's been a thing for a while. Even in France? Everywhere. In France.

I don't know. I bet if people in France are on the internet, then yeah. And do you have black Friday in France? No. A few places do.

A few places will have black Friday sales, but it's typically not. I mean, it's the day after Thanksgiving and we don't do Thanksgiving. I know that. Yeah. Just was curious about that.

I hope these things don't spread globally. Could you just picture the pygmies in Africa? Ah, cyber, cyber Monday. Okay. All right.

We've got somebody else on the call. So you know what to do next, right? I need to finish this today. Okay. Thank you.

Thank you so much. You're welcome. Bye. Yeah. Bye-bye.

Hold on just a second. Okay. Hey, sorry about that. So is that Eve? I see.

Hello, Eve. Are you there? You're muted. Eve, I can see that you're there. You have, you need to unmute your microphone.

I'm going to type something in the chat. Can you hear me? Eve, I see we have a call on Thursday, but man, I'm certainly, I would love to talk to
you now if you could unmute your microphone. If you're having a problem, one thing you can do, you can try is to just completely, you
know, leave the call and then come back in. And a lot of times that'll clear things up if you're having technical problems.

Okay, cool. Go ahead and disconnect. Eve. Eve. Okay.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Copy this address. Try sending an email. Thank you. Thank you. Hey, Eve, I'm going to put a link in the chat.

Oh, there you are. I see you now, but I don't hear you. All right. I'm going to put another link in the chat. This might be better because you've been trying to connect through the portal, right?

Here is a link. Go ahead and copy that link and then get out of the portal and just put that link in your browser and try connecting that way. Okay, brother, I'll be here waiting for you. Okay, brother, I'll be here waiting for you. I'll be there.

Okay. , okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.

I'll be there. Okay. I'll be there. Okay. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, cool. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
