---
title: "Foundations 2021-11-15 16:59:16"
date: 2021-11-15
duration: 1h 12m
duration_seconds: 4362
vimeo_id: 646135609
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations 2021-11-15 16:59:16

**Date:** 2021-11-15 | **Duration:** 1h 12m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. How are you? Good. Hi.

It's always funny when I, I've heard this once before in a meeting. Hi, Amy. Hi, Lisa. Lisa, my middle name's Lisa. So it always sounds funny.

Hi, Amy. Hi, Lisa. Anyway. Okay. You know, I want you to get a chance just for a second to suggest something to you in case you haven't thought of it.

Sure. I just love your product and everything you're doing. It's, it's fabulous. Yeah. And you, I like, you have such a great personality.

I hope you find a way to show up with your product somewhere. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. But you mean the scrubby?

Yeah. I'll tell you what I thought about. I work in healthcare and there was an initiative going on in my company about four years ago to get doctors to wash their hands. And they taught us in the company that the way to wash your hands is to sing either happy birthday or some other song, because that's how long it actually takes to get the germs off. Yeah.

You'll like this. Yeah. So do you have a song? That's what I was thinking. Well, it's a, so one of the things that Paul and I were talking about, like there's a, um, uh, this guide that I make, um, let me show it to you.

You'll like it. I think. Do you mind if I share my screen, Michael? Ah, happy if you did. Okay.

Sure. Screen. And I'll show you, sorry, there's a lot going on on my desktop right now, but there's this, um, document that will be part of the offer. I've been put, I had it on like my blog, you know, but right here about to the length of happy birthday. Um, and you might have your own little cute song is what I was thinking.

Oh, I'm no songwriter. I bet you are. But if you want to make one up, I will proudly have my daughter. Wash your little hands, wash your little hands, use your little scrubby, you know, something. I'm going to write that down.

I'm going to have my daughter make one up. It's not hard. You know, it's weird. I also had a client who had a hand washing, um, product that it was, I forgot the name of that. I could probably look it up, but it was, it was, um, some kind of animal that would giant animal head that water would come out of it.

And you'd wash your hands in fairs and public fairs. Just an odd thing that I would know someone else who had something to motivate children. Like a spout or something? Oh, interesting. I'm not familiar.

I'll send it to Michael. I'll find, um, it had a name. It was this giant animal head that water came out of it. It was just a product to get motivate children in fairs to wash their hands. How fun.

I definitely want to see it. If you can find it. Oh, I can find it. But anyway, I think you could just do a nice little tune and, um, the scrubby and, you know, put it on your video and the kids would sing it with their mom while they wash their hands. Oh my gosh.

I know I'm trying to think of friends. I have that. I have friends who sing, but not friends. So I used to sing a song. I can't sing it all to my son when he was little.

And I used to sing it to all my kids and then someone else picked it up, but it was the tune. His name was Raphael. So it was like baby Raphael, baby Raphael, baby Raphael. And a few little lines to it. He's my little baby.

He's my little boy. He's mommy's angel. Mommy's little joy. But it was just a little tune that I made up. How cute.

Simple. I love my little scrubby. Whenever I wash my hands, I take him out and move it on my nails and move. I don't know, whatever it does, but, you know. I love it.

It's so creative. Where are you from, Lisa? I'm originally from Long Island. I've been traveling for six years. Yeah, I can.

I can hear that. Where in Long Island? A lot of time in Great Neck and some time in Huntington. I'm from Woodbury. Okay.

So I was like, I think you're from where I am. I was in the Equinox Health Club in Woodbury for a while. So definitely familiar. Yeah. But I think you could, you could steal my tune.

Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da. That's Little Bunny Foo Foo. Not exactly. No, I would say it sounds to me like Little Bunny Foo Foo, because Marlo used to listen
to that on repeat. Yeah.

So I think that having that song as your theme song and the kids and moms singing it would
make it more fun. It's so cute. It's so cute. Anyway, I don't want to take your time up, Lisa. This is your turn.

It doesn't matter. I'm not on it. Your turn. And I'm here to learn from you. And then, and then I can chit chat.

Okay. Hey, so Lisa, I have your, let me share my screen. I've got your. Okay. So I sent you the wrong document.

So I just sent you the right one. Okay. And the right one has all this work I did, which may be for naught, but oh well. And also the questions, which you wrote, which are so much better than the ones I remembered. So the new one, you can tell it's the new one because I just sent it and also has your
questions in red at the top.

Okay. There we go. All right. Hold on a second. Okay.

So if you, when you get to the top, you'll see the five, the top three questions, which
are in black are the ones I already answered in great depth, just a matter of cutting out
everything, but a few sentences that are the right answer, but I just cut and paste everything
I could answer those questions and those are the easy ones. And the red ones are yours, which I just put in there. All right. Oh, these are the ones we came up with together. Yeah.

And those are great. And the ones I remembered were wrong, but anyway, the top three of that list, I answered
already in great depth below. Okay. And it's great depth because I mostly cut and pasted and I like so many things I already
wrote. I just couldn't bear to take them out.

But now that I have the right questions, which are really the questions people ask, I
can take some of this out because some of it will answer those questions. I also thought I might take a stab at proof, even though you said, you know, when you're
going into how you do or why your unique mechanism works, it's hard to prove it, but I thought
I see if I couldn't give some kind of evidence, not like studies, but just logical proof. But I don't even, so the question I wrote to you this morning when I got your questions
or last night, I think was, um, should I even bother with what I wrote or should I just move
on to the questions that we developed on the call together and you wrote down. Okay. So that was what I asked you and that's what I wanted to take away.

All right, good. We'll talk about in just a second. Let me get through this. Okay. Okay.

Let me get through this. We'll see you next time. Thank you. Thank you. I'm putting this in the proof part.

I'm putting this in the proof part. Oh. Yeah, this is fine. The chunk number one really is where you explain the five Cs, which you've done really well here. Why is this better than, okay, common mechanisms?

What was our question up here? The first one is how does it work? The second one is how is it different? The third one. I'm struggling.

I need something I wrote earlier, which I can explain later if you need for me to do that. Okay. So why is this better than... What's the name of common method? Well, I don't...

In my business, we don't talk about like you did names of speech writing systems, just what's being taught generally in other speaking programs. Oh, like that big giant book of how to write a speech that they give you in Toastmasters, that kind of thing? No, I know. I don't know. I never read that.

But in my business, like there's a couple of people that are... Everyone writes their speech by intuition. That's pretty much how it is. But there's like maybe five or ten boot camps where they basically tell you, think about what your audience, you want them to do, feel, or think, and then find a story to match it. That is basically how you do it, according to everyone except me.

Or, like I told you, you look at the worst thing that ever happened to you, like when the shark ate your arm, and that you find your message in your mess. So your mess would be your great failure or tragedy. So that is the two systems that are actually used. Whether these come out of formal speech writing theories developed by someone, nobody in my business cares. Yeah, here's...

No, but here's the point, Lisa. Let's say I want to write a speech, and I decide, okay, let me find a program that teaches me how to write a speech. I find several common methods, and yours is one of them, that I find as I'm searching on the internet for writing a speech. You're going to find a speaker boot camp, which has the two methods I told you. Like you're going to find, let's say, ten different speaker boot camps that tell you, find your message in your mess,
or think about what you want your audience to believe and find a story that illustrates it.

That is what you're going to find. There's no question. No speakers go and look up, you know, theoretical... Writings on Google about speech writing. It just isn't done that way.

I'm doing this for over a dozen years. Even though there, I'm sure, you told me there are thousands of things to go to, but no, I'm not competing with those. Don't you think that your prospects will... They don't go to any of these, no, zero. They don't go to any of these.

So all of these speech writing places that have advertising, nobody's going to them. No, I work with motivational speakers. They all belong to National Speaker Association. They go to the people they know in our industry, in our association, and they write by intuition. And then they usually will get help from one of the coaches who have the programs I know.

Well, they're not going to... They're not... There's a lot of different kinds of speeches in the world. I'm only reaching out to motivational speakers, and that's my expertise. So there may be executives and political speakers that go to all those programs.

I have no doubt. But I'm in a particular genre, which they're not intellectual types. They're not going to look at Aristotle's, you know, suggestions. They might not even know who he is, outside of being some Greek philosopher. They're not interested.

Okay. It's just a different... It's a particular niche in an industry that has a certain culture. I know most of the people. They know me.

It's not the big, broad speech writing world. It's the world of motivational speakers. Sounds like you've done your research then. Well, I've been in it for a dozen years. So...

Okay. I've been... I used to go to four conferences a year. I go to, you know, look at everyone's stuff. And I meet people all the time.

And they don't look at anything. They just source their own experiences. It's an intuitive process. Motivational speakers are a certain breed. Let's just put it that way.

I wouldn't call them intellectuals by any stretch of the imagination. They're not literary people. They wouldn't know the name Thomas Hardy. Okay? They wouldn't know any major writer that you would know of if you studied English literature.

And they don't care. Okay. They're not well-read. They're not intellectuals. They are a different kind of person.

The profile. I had to leave. We'll be back. So if I start talking about the Monroe or this and that, they'd really just go. They'd be gone.

Like, what is she talking about? But if I mentioned a few of the top people in my industry, like Patricia Fripp or Michael Haig or
Craig Valentine, this is the people I'm referencing. They would know all of those people. And those are my competition. Okay.

So here's what I would like you to do. The first chunk here, CPB chunk number one, I like it because you're explaining what the
5C method is. For the remaining chunks, you don't have to go on and on. So for example, why is this better than the common mechanisms? Um, what, what's your claim here?

What's your, give me a sentence here that I told you the other mechanisms illustrate
the points you already know with stories. I don't do that. And they find your message in your mess. I don't do that. So I do two other things that are different.

Okay. Okay. The 5C. Well, I do, I have my own technique. It's neither one of those.

I don't think those will ever work. They don't work. Finding your message in your mess or illustrating what you want the audience to think, feel,
or do with stories. I don't do that. What was the second one?

Illustrating the point you want to make with a story. In other words, you start with the point you want to make, and then you find a story to
illustrate it. Yeah, those are the two common mechanisms. Okay. So, um, you see how I, I made a claim here, a little one sentence to it.

Yeah. Whereas I take 500 words to get there. Yes. A one sentence claim about, um, this question. No, that's great.

That's you get right through the heart of it. Yes. Yeah. And do the same thing for these other claims. Okay.

Um, if some of you right away, and then if they still want to keep reading, they'll
read. If some of these other claims can be clumped together, then you could, for example, um,
this sells itself and do I have to pay for advertising are the same. Um, yeah, so yeah, exactly. So you might want to make just one claim. I would take, um, these two.

And also how long does it take for me to get to 10,000? There is an answer to that. Yeah. And what can I make, because you do work your way up and I've seen how long it takes, you
know, depending where somebody parted. So here we've got a couple of questions here.

Yeah. You can make, write a single claim, just a sentence. Um, then the proof. Now, would I bother putting both sentences or just one question is enough? This is just for your reference.

Yeah. Cause it's the same. It's the same. So one claim. Okay.

And then the proof. Like a paragraph. No, no. Okay. No, the claim is about the 5C method.

Well, the claim is that with the 5C method, the answer is no, you don't have to pay for
advertising because the speech will sell itself. Okay. No, I use an evaluation form, which is how they get the work. It's not like they could just have this speech. So maybe I should explain the evaluation form.

I do really amazing things with their evaluation form, like the form itself and how I get people
to fill it out. And that's where all their leads come from. So do you think I should go in that depth? I don't know that it's necessary. All you have to do.

So for example, I just wrote a claim right here about the 5C method that speaks to these
two. Now I can delete those questions if I want. But the proof is just a short answer. If you were on the phone with somebody and made this claim to them and they said, really? And you told them a quick answer, a quick, as soon as you can get them to the point where
they say, oh, okay.

Oh, I get it. Then you're done with the proof. It doesn't take more than a few sentences. No, you won't have to spend any money because from the day you deliver it, you will
get leads from, and I use, you know, but I use an evaluation form. So they capture everybody who's interested, a special evaluation form, but it's, you know,
and also I've been in business 15 years.

I spent $350 on marketing in my first year and that was it. I did a newspaper ad in a new age paper. So I know I I'm a firm believer. This is the real answer. If you have an amazing quality product or service, people will talk about it.

That's really what it comes down to. And the evaluation form absolutely will give you exponential results compared to not having
it. But my main claim is that quality really matters. It's not all about, you know, beating the drum. Yeah.

I mean, I think I could have made a lot more money if I did do advertising, but I just never
got to it. I was always so busy. I could have gotten richer clients, I think. Oh, tell me, what are we going to be? What are you going to do now?

Just so that we're clear on your next steps. I'm going to answer the questions that we developed together that you wrote down and
sent me. I'm going to clump them and I'm going to give them an answer that I would give on the
phone that would take about two minutes to convince them instead of writing a treatise. Beautiful. Excellent.

And that's going to be a lot easier than what I had in mind. Yeah. See, I was going to write another massive document like my unique mechanism. Yeah, but you don't need to work is also I did so much work on the unique mechanism. I'm like, I can't just trash that.

But I guess if I can, because I can, if I can get it down to two sentences, it will be
the condensed version. It won't be trashed. It'll be just condensed. Okay, so I think I got the point. Okay, beautiful.

Excellent. All right. Thank you. You're welcome. Yes, we will see Annette when she gets back.

Amy, what do you have for me? Step away. You're muted if you're trying to talk. Oh, no, I did step away. I was doing my coffee.

Is it my turn or something? It's your turn. Oh, you're going to hear the beeping inside the house. How are things? Oh, look at your fancy water.

Little fancy top. Yes, because I don't let open drink containers near my computer. So smart. So smart. Okay, so I have been having so many conversations.

Not, unfortunately, not recorded. A lot of them were just like in-person conversations. And I learned a lot that I didn't know. See? And some of them I did.

I also used my private Facebook group, like the brand's private Facebook group. And I just like asked, you know, general feelings about cleaning and this, that, and the other
thing. And a lot of stuff came up that I didn't expect. And it's changing a lot. So here's kind of the big things.

Do you want me to say like the big takeaways first that I got? Yeah. Hit me. Okay. So first and foremost, like the things that matter most, and these are people with families.

The things that matter most are doing the job well. Right? That's, that was first. Um, second, and this one was like, knocked me over because, um, I have almost no sense
of smell genetically. And, um, everybody was like smell.

And, and some people were funny because they were like, someone even texted me because I
said, you know, feel free to call me, email me, whatever. If you don't want to post this quote publicly, you know what I mean? Um, in the Facebook group. And so someone was like, oh my God, I feel so like, I feel so shallow that like, okay,
there can be toxins in my house. I just want my house to smell good.

Right? So that was super interesting. I'm like, this is a judgment-free zone. I'm, I just need to know what really matters. And she's like, smell.

And some of the people were funny. They're like, well, I like natural cleaners and I'll do with vinegar and other people like,
oh my God, that reeks. Well, so, yeah, so that was, that was really funny. Um, people didn't even mention like, unless like, like, unless like it was followed up
in the conversation, remember you said question to question to question, like let them, um,
waste never came up. I was like, what are your feelings on, you know, like the plastic waste or anything like
that.

And they're like, oh yeah, I wish I, I wish I didn't have to throw so much away, but you
could, you could tell it was like an afterthought, you know, like, and then somebody else who was
concerned, they were, many of them did bring up, they wanted it to be non-toxic. Like, like they did bring that up. It just didn't come up first. Right. And, um, and she, like one of my college girlfriends, she was like, um, her son has white base, all
her sons have white baseball pants.

And it's like, the thing that works is 409. And I'm like, like the surface cleaner. And she's like, yeah, 409, that's what we use. You have to spray it. And I was having one of her kids, um, he's like eight now, um, spray his own pants.

And then she was like, all of a sudden I realized like all I could smell were just these horrible
chemicals. So I took it away from him and I was like, so you're willing to use it. You just didn't want it right in his face, like breathing it. And she's like, yeah, that's fair, you know? Um, and, uh, so, yeah, so it was really, um, it was a really good conversation.

So, and then some, there was somebody who felt very, very, very strongly about environmental
toxins because I guess her husband's parents, uh, got cancer from environmental toxins. And so for her, it was like a very big deal. Um, but yeah, a lot of it, does it work? Does it smell good? And then of course, a lot of people were like, I just get it when I go to the store, like
I'm out of this.

So I do it. A lot of people, like I go to Costco and I get the cleaner, you know? And, um, so I started asking more to my city dweller friends. And I think we found like a place, like when I listened to those suggestions, like niche
down, niche down, niche down, um, it's just other things I'm learning all of it was just
niche down. And so, um, yeah, there are a lot of non-toxic cleaners available at Target and they're going
to show up in cart, um, Costco soon.

You know, like there's a lot, um, of options now, um, there's, um, concentrates are less
common, um, but there don't seem to be people really focusing on some do about the space
saving element of things. Right. And the lugging element of things, because when I used to live, I live in a house with
a driveway and the whole thing now, and it's not hard to go to Costco and bring in my stuff. But I used to live in a second floor, you know, the car was over here and the parking
lot downstairs and had to bring up my own stuff. So one of the things that's a real depth differentiating feature of my product line or what will develop
as my cleaning system is there's very low waste and it's small.

Like it's all very, very small, you know, and like these are the cleaning bottles. Like this is all there. This is one, a one, four ounce thing will fill up for 16 ounce spray bottles. Right. So if you order, you know, what would essentially fill up like 12 bottles, see the three of
these guys, right.

Would fill up 12 whole bottles of cleaner. Right. So if you're in Manhattan, you're in San Francisco, you're, you know, downtown, wherever you are
right in the downtown areas, your whole cleaners, 12 bottles of cleaners would fit into this
nothing little box, right. For your subscription. So the, and then the, the towels, right.

They they're reusable, endlessly reusable. So, you know, you have a 12 pack of towels that this big on a roll and, you know, you're
not hauling the big paper towel things all the time. So basically you're not, you're not lugging water, which is essentially what a big thing
of Tilex is mostly water, you're not lugging water, you're not lugging big things to paper
towels. And, um, and it's the convenience of it just showing up at your door, right. You get this thing, it shows up at your door.

You don't have to carry anything. And then when you run out of the initial thing, your refill just shows up at your door, takes
up practically no space in your under cabinet, you know, and it's all very, very attractive. Like every bit of the cleaning system is very attractive. Like these are attractive. The spray bottles, very attractive.

Like you could leave out. So if you're in an apartment, you know, and you have a limited space, you can have these
out and the towels, very attractive. So, um, that's just one of the things that I've noticed in this. It's very slim. It's very easy.

It's very attractive. So anyway, that's, but nobody cares about the attractive if they live in a house, cause
they have tons of cabinet space. Just put it away. Right. Right.

Um, oh, the thing I'd like you to think about asking, um, in the group and whoever you're
talking to is, um, there, there, um, there is something we call identification. We marketers, um, but basically how do they feel their statuses? How do they think of themselves and how do they think other people think of them or how
do they want other people to think of them? You know what I mean? So are they like, do they like to be the good mom?

Do they like to be, I know they like to be the good mom, you know what I mean? Or, or is it, but what do they say? What is, what are their words? What do they, do they like to be, um, the environmental, um, that they'd like to be known
around the neighborhood as the, the girl who is, um, worried about the environment or,
uh, you know what I mean? What, how do they want people to think of them?

That's a tough one for my group only because I know why they came to me in my group. You know what I mean? They're, um, so I could ask the question, but like my group, whereas like some Facebook
groups are all like the, like the eco conscious moms and the non-talks moms, like big time. Um, my group was about like, um, uh, a lot of it, it's just momming, you know what I mean? Being good moms, involved moms, responsible moms of good people, like raising good humans.

Like it's kind of what the group is about. So I have, I'm, I'm wondering if it will be, uh, um, a jury of like, not a fair pool of
people though. I asked. Got it. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. I see what you mean. Okay. That's, um, but I mean, as far as like the people that, yeah, like the greater, like,
even if like the girlfriends I was out with the other night that we were talking about
this, like I can confidently say, I mean, I've known them for 20 years, but it could
confidently say they're like, first and foremost, they want to be seen as a good mom because
everything that they do, you know what I mean?

It's kind of aligned with like, I'm, I'm a good mom, um, first. Um, yeah. So like when, when you ask that kind of thing, you might find out that some or many of the
moms want to be seen as the mom you can trust the most or like with other, with their kids,
you know, like, or the mom that is, um, um, um, I don't know the most, uh, up to date about
things like the environment or the, this or the, that, you know what I mean? Those, when you uncover
things like that, um, those can, can help you a lot in a campaign like this, because how do you
ask the question that seems like, how do you ask the question in such a way that you're going to
get an honest answer? Right.

Because it's like, if people said like, how did, you know, am I going to be completely honest? If you said to me, like, how do you want people to perceive you most? Or what do you, you know, like, I definitely would be influenced by who is listening and
what I would think of what they would think of me. You know? Yeah.

So, yeah, I know. I know. Even if it's one-on-one, I'd be like, you know. Well, a lot of times you can ask them, like, what do they think of the other moms in the
neighborhood? Or, um, I, I don't even know.

See, this is the kind of thing where if I had a client, if you were my client and you
said, okay, I want you to do a campaign for my, um, my towels and my cleaning supplies. I would start talking to women, um, to moms, and it would probably take me a few weeks
before I finally knew what questions to ask and how they really feel. Um, so I, I can't, it's like one of those things where until you start doing it, you
don't know how to do it. Yeah. It's, it's always different with every, with every, um, tell by the later conversations,
like the further I got into the conversations, I was like, oh, I know the through line here.

The through line here is I want things to be clean. Oh. And, and of course I, I did ask them their feelings about cleaning all of them. Um, and, um, cause that's where I started and it was all like, I hate it a lot more than
I thought, uh, outsource it. Uh, and, uh, they're basically like, I do it cause I have to, um, it's like the most frustrating
thing is I do it.

And then it's undone 15 seconds later, like then your kids come in the house and it's
done, you know, nothing, it's all dirty again. And I even asked them like the things that they just don't feel like, um, that's just
always bad. You know what I mean? Like what's your least favorite thing or the thing that you constantly, constantly struggle
with, um, and, uh, dust, um, for those with dogs, like me, dust and dog hair, constant,
constant battle. Um, and, you know, one person obviously had a war going with calcium deposits in her toilet.

It was phenomenal. It was great. She was just like, I can't, um, I can't beat them. Um, but the thing that. Yeah.

So I'm clear on what I feel like I really got what they want. They're like, and you know, toxins are bad, but if they need to, I did ask them like, if
there was a toxic product that could tackle your dust, like, boom, you'd never deal with
dust. Would you do it? They're like, yes. In a heartbeat, basically.

Like if there was something toxic that could tackle those calcium deposits, would you do
it? Yeah. I just wanted to see where the toxins fell in their list of priorities. They're like, it was way under effective. So like they didn't have to battle.

You know, um, then they wouldn't. So what was hard for me to hear, which I expected, but it's still hard to hear was like the things
that I have, that I am like pitching in these products or creating in these products is not,
not a huge priority for them. Right. Like these families have big homes, lots of storage space, don't really care about the
space element of it. Right.

They'd like to save the planet, but they don't. I don't think I didn't hear it as any sort of a passion whatsoever. Right. Um, saving money, half of them were like, well, not half, I think it's the people I'm hanging
out with or something, but like half of them were like, I'll go for the cheapest thing. And the other half, um, we're like, I outsource it.

So I don't really care. Do you know what they use? No, don't care. So as far as like, and reduced waste wasn't a big priority. Right.

So yeah, it's like, so what do I do with that? Yeah. So I would say, uh, yeah, it's hard, but there are companies doing subscription models and
slaying it with the natural cleaners and the, this and the, that concentrates too. Yeah. I would.

Yeah. So I, I would try to get data on identity, on how they see themselves, how they want to
see themselves, how they want others to see them or how they're being seen right now that
they don't want to be seen. Hold on, hold on, hold on. How they see themselves. I really want to get these exact questions.

I'm sorry. How they stand at that, how they want others, how others see them or how they perceive, how
they want others to see them. Okay. What else did I say? How they see themselves, how they, how others see them.

Well, you said how they want others to see them. Right. Um, like what, what, what, um, status do they want to have for themselves as a mom or as
a neighbor or a friend or whatever? To have as a mom, neighbor, neighbor, like community member, whatever, if that's important
to them. Mm-hmm.

Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay.

What examples could I give them? Because I'd be like, what do you mean? How do I see myself? You know what I mean? Yeah.

Um, I'm not sure because I don't, haven't really done this with moms before. Would it be like a good mom, an eco-warrior, a responsible community, like what, like things
like that, um, is it, is important, is it important for you, um, what the other moms
in the neighborhood think of you or what your colleagues at work think of you as a mom? Why are we going, I'm curious, why are we going so much for the moms? Well, maybe it's, it's not even a mom thing. I mean, I'm only, they're cleaning the house, right?

This is a product for cleaning the house. Maybe it's not a mom thing. Maybe it's just a homeowner thing. Maybe. Because I'm just like, when I see the opportunity, right, of who to target, like when I saw the
opportunity of people who live in small spaces, that's like where, that's where I'd prefer
to go with an E5 campaign, just because of what I learned from these moms.

It was fascinating, you know? And it definitely was not like, oh, my products would be a perfect fit in some way for them. I just feel like more of a slam dunk is the small living spaces, people, you know, something
you can leave out that's absolutely beautiful and refills that take up no space, um, just
felt more, um, and, and considering that the media buying team can geo target then right,
right into San Francisco, right into Manhattan, you know, whatever. Um, that's where I think I'd like to go just because it seems easier to me right now, because,
and also because you can get non-toxic products at target and that's going to be difficult
to compete with. What, what problem are you solving?

Um, basically we're, I'm solving a few problems, the toxins out of your toxins out of your cleaning
products, right? They're just safer for, for your, your breathing and all in your skin, getting in your skin,
um, solving the, the waste of shipping water, like meaning like when, you know, you get your
cleaning products, it's mostly water, the, the, the waste of you having to lug it, the waste
of you, um, the environment and shipping it and all of the impact of that. And then, you know, overall it's, it's really saving like a ton of money, um, it, the reusable
towels save you a fortune in throwing away towels. If you kind of adopt it as part of your cleaning practice, your everyday, you know, wiping up
spills or wiping your hands or using them as napkins or however you choose to use them,
you're going to save a fortune and you're going to save the environment with less waste. Um, so it's basically like, if you use the whole system, you're just reducing waste, wasted
money, wasted space, wasted trash for the environment.

It's just, you're reducing a ton of it, wasting your, you're eliminating, wasting time going to
the store to get it, you know? Yeah. Um, I mean, and that's a lot, I mean, that's what my brand is about too, right? Reducing waste in all different ways. That's what we do.

Wasted money and wasted trash. Yeah. One of the things you told me is that waste never came up. No, it never came up with this group, not with this group. I mean, but it's, but all of my like small retailers, they're all about like eco, um,
their waste free, zero waste shops and stuff like that.

So it depends on the customer. These guys, it just wasn't with them. These are the moms. Okay. Okay.

So that's, that's a legit, that's a legitimate way to find out a problem is look at what your
competitors are doing. And if they're addressing waste, if they're all addressing waste, then certainly we can,
we can go with that. Yeah. They're addressing waste, all of them. Um, and it's also, I mean, with that angle and if I can capture those customers, like the
rest of my products are all about reducing waste and the products that are coming to the
market are like next year, my products slated for 2022 are all reducing waste.

So if we look at like Todd's model of like, you know, the synergy between products, so
you could sell the next one and the next one, the next one waste would be the better through
line. So even though it's not like these moms, um, you know, anyway, and low waste is certainly
a trend and it's growing. So anyway, that's where we're at. Okay. So let me think.

And there definitely is crossover between the low waste. Actually, there's tremendous crossover between the low waste community and they call themselves
zero waste, but it's not really a zero waste, the zero waste community and the non-tox community. There's like a real strong overlap between them. Hold on a second. Let me check something.

And I am going to get some ad spyware when we're ready. Okay. Where? What are you going to get? What am I going to get?

Or? Yeah. Um, so Paul had, I have them written down. There's one I can never remember the name of, but there's like ad beat. Some rush.

And there was one other that I was going to go with, but it's, you know, not cheap. So I didn't want to start it until we're ready to really dig into what we're going to learn
from it. But I guess we can see, have you used that stuff before? I never have, but apparently you can learn, you know, what campaigns are working or, you
know, et cetera. I'm excited to see what it is.

I just don't want to sign up until we're ready. Sure. I'm thinking if, if you, if your competitors are attacking the waste and they're making
money with those campaigns, then that's certainly one we can do. I just want to, I think maybe I will, you know, pull the trigger and get the spyware and
see, you know, because obviously I'm being presented with the ads based on my interests,
right? Cause I'm, you know, a person on Facebook.

Yeah. But you, you've looked at their, at their campaigns, right? And you know that they're. Yes. It's interesting.

Funny. Well, the smell. Yeah. Isn't that funny? And it's funny.

Cause I can't smell anything, but like I tried to do a vinegar cleaner once and my husband
and daughter came in the kitchen. They were like, no. I didn't even tell. Huh? You couldn't tell.

No, I can't, for an example, I can't smell burnt popcorn. That's how, that's how severe it is. And my taste, I can tell you if something's good, bad, salty, sweet, tangy. But I couldn't. Have you always been like that?

It's gotten worse over the years because, um, I remember certain things from when I was
a child. Like I remember being in summer camp and it raining and I remember the smell of like the
asphalt. Like I remember that smell. And I remember that my, my grandparents apartment had a specific smell. Um, so there are certain smells.

I remember that there's no way I'd smell now. You know what I mean? Like it rains and I can't smell it. So I know it got worse. Um, but you know, people like, oh, that's so sad.

I'm like, not really. I've never smelled a poopy diaper either. I've changed tons of them and, uh, never smelled it. So tell us now my grandfather, uh, had it. Yeah.

Okay. So if you have, you haven't done any competitor examination yet. Not yet. Okay. I mean, not, not specifically, right.

I've been following these people for a long time now. As long as they've been popping up here and there, but, um, but not like going in and doing
that kind of, you know, campaign studying. Cool. All right. So let's do that.

Let's do that next. Let's look at your competitors. I think, I think probably the, the research you've done, I would, I would still like to
see some more, um, some more data on identity of your, your target audience, you know, but I
just, and, and my target audience being who know now. Okay. So that you're still struggling with that.

I mean, now that I've turned up the answers that I turned up now, I'm struggling with my
target audience. Right. Cause like, it just turned up, they don't care about the things that my product is going
to solve for them. Which is just, you know, it's just somebody else, you know, but for them, it just, you
know, it's just, I didn't think I knew it wasn't top priority like last week, but even
with this group, because they do use a lot of reusable stuff, I thought it would be higher
up, but it's just not, it's just not. And even the non-talks, it's just not as high as I thought it was considering they had kids.

And so now I feel like my target is shifting and now I want to see with this ad spyware,
who my competitors are targeting. Right. Like, I'm like, okay, this is new. Who are you targeting? Cause it's not my current customers.

Okay. That's insightful. Yeah, one, one came up as she uses the product of my, one of the competitors. Um, but she is like eco conscious lives in Colorado. She, um, has her own brand of, or, you know, um, non-talk skincare line, big company.

So she's like the outlier, you know, and she was like, I love the convenience of it, but
really it's non-toxic and it shows up at my door and it's fantastic. I was like, great. You're my customer, you know, but I mean, still, I'd rather, I'd rather if everybody's targeting
the massive non-tox community, I want to find something more niche in there, you know, and
their stuff isn't, yeah, whatever food for thought, but I want to see who they're targeting. And then I want to, and then I want to niche down even a little bit more than they are because
they've had budgets that would, I mean, astronomical. These are enormous, uh, companies with, you know, huge capital, you know, investment.

I'm also going to have an affiliate program for this line. So that, that should help, um, with some things. Well, well, here's what, here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to take this. I'm going to talk to the team about this, um, and you're going to, you're going to start
doing your prospect examination.

Now's the time. Let's get started on that. Prospect examination. Uh, I forgot which one that is. I mean, you're a competitor.

You're a competitor. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, okay. Got it. So should I, for now, look at their websites or should I be looking, get that spyware now?

Um, you can get the spyware. I would say if it were me, um, I would start it without the spyware. That's what I was thinking. Yeah. I would, I would just do Google searches, for example, and look for, look in the ads.

Um, and then, uh, do you know how to, um, look in the Facebook ad library for these different,
let me just show you that right quick. Cool. Thank you. Oh, give me an example of, um, a company company. Okay.

It's called, it's one word called blue land land. Blue land.com system. Yes. I come down, come down and I look for a little Facebook icon somewhere. I know they're on Facebook.

I assume on Facebook. Hmm. Facebook. Here we are. Facebook.

Now I see how it has live. They got www.facebook.com live blue land or live blue land up here. Oh yeah. I'm going to copy that. And I'm going to come to Facebook.

Library. Here we go. Facebook ads library. And I'm going to search. All locations.

category, all ads. I'm going to put blue land in here or live blue land. Live blue land. These, if they have, uh, that they're doing any ads. I know they are.

So weird. Did I do this right? Maybe just blue land and see. Uh, well, see what I did was I, I came, I went to their Facebook. Yeah, I know.

It's so weird. It's so weird. See that. Yeah. That's them.

Okay. So I click on this. And I can see all their ads. Oh. See, these are all the ads they have.

And like, these have been running since November 13th, November 13th. So that's two days. Started on November 13th. We've got a lot of ads going. Okay.

They're a huge company. They're a huge company. Oh. So you can see all these ads that they have. Wow.

They're all active too. They are spending a ton of money. So this is the kind of, this is what I'm talking about. I can come down and look at all of their ads. My good Lord.

Since August. It's May. Oh, this one's inactive. See how that says is inactive. Mm-hmm.

Okay. It's July. So you can see. See how they're all about waste. Yeah.

Well, that's what I do. This is like a quick check. Again, all I did was I went to their website. Mm-hmm. I found the link to Facebook.

Mm-hmm. I went to Facebook ads library, facebook.com slash ads. Slash library. I went all. Looks like I had to do a few things to find them.

Mm-hmm. You know what I mean? But I found them. And now I've got all of this information. Plus, you can actually see the ad details.

Like this one that's been running since July. Look, I get all this information here. Oh, my gosh. Look at that amount spent. Yeah.

Look at that. Where it was shown. Hold on. Scroll down. Scroll down.

That's fascinating. New York. California. Yeah. Interesting.

A lot in New York. See, look at all this data you can get. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And that's without that spyware, right?

Yeah. California. Texas, Washington. They probably have 50 states here. Yeah, but so little.

But you can see. You can see where all the heavy hitters are, right? Yeah. Mm-hmm. And 25 to 34.

Mm-hmm. 25 to 44, probably. 25 to 34 is the woke set. The millennials with their pretty woke. That's, you know, the virtue signaling.

Does that help? It helps a lot. That'll give you some. That'll allow you to start snooping around a little bit without before you even use the spyware. Okay.

I'll do that for sure. Plus, another thing you can do is you can go over to YouTube and you could enter. You can look at their. Oh, I'm going to start with this. This is plenty for me for this week.

Okay. All right. With Black Friday coming around the corner for me and other stuff. No, this is super helpful. Super helpful.

Okay. Yeah. I feel like I had another question, but I forgot. I would still, once you know your, once you settle in on an audience, I would like, I would like data on the identity is what, you know, that concept of. Mm-hmm.

Totally. I just wanted, before I asked that, I just want to know who, you know, who we're going for. So, yeah. You want to hear something just interesting trivia? Only tangentially related to this.

So, we're going to talk about the glass spray bottles with the silicone sleeve. You know, I'm sure you're watching the news. Uh, and I can see the container ships from basically out my window. Um, my, the bottles have been arrived at port on October 16th. They arrived at port.

It is, today is November 15th. So, they've been sitting at the port for a month. It's crazy. So, buy your holiday gifts early because things, if they're getting snatched up and supply chain is going to be, oh, continue to be a nightmare. But, it's just fascinating and I have no idea when they're going to actually get processed.

But, just hanging out there, just a bit of trivia. Not that I'm on a timeline since then. But, anyway. I did e-com for a while. I, I know the nightmare.

But, these times are just crazy and there's no transparency into when it's going to get processed. Like, you know what I mean? It used to be like, okay, I can plan like six weeks and they'll be here and whatever. And now, it's like they're sitting there and that doesn't mean like they're going to show, you know, they're going to be com available and processed tomorrow. It just goes, they're just sitting there.

That's just what we know. It's crazy. Crazy times. Crazy times right now. So, anyway.

Okay. Well, I'm going to hang out here and learn more. Okay. I'm going to talk to Peter. You're the best.

Thank you. Hey, Peter. You're muted, brother. By the way, Michael, I sent you an email with a link to my client's hand-washing apparatus. Oh, okay.

You can forward it over to Amy. I'm not, like, good on technology, how I would do that through the chat. Yeah, I will forward that to you for right now. Yeah. Forward.

Amy. Hey, Michael. Hey, brother. I just want to check with you if we could do a call sometime tomorrow. Absolutely.

Yeah. Hold on. Let me check my schedule. I think I have times available. Well, either tomorrow or later afternoon.

I don't know if that works for you or else. Wednesday early works. Yeah. Either one. Whatever you see.

Let's do Wednesday early. Oh, I don't think I have your schedule in. I'll put it in the chat. Hold on. Hold on.

Hold on. Hold on. And Amy, why don't you take my schedule? Because I haven't heard from you in a while. If you want to get on a call with me sometime.

Did you see it, Peter? Yes, I got it. No, thanks. Do you think I can help you with today? Well, my issue is I'm not certain I have my charger cord with me.

And the media buying call is probably a little bit more critical. So I'm trying to think about it. Let me, do you have anyone else to talk to for a little bit here while I scramble and see if I can find it? I'm done with everybody but you. Oh, okay.

You know what? Just set up a call with me tomorrow or Wednesday. That's cool. Yeah, I don't have anything pressing. It's kind of I'm in the media buying phase.

Yeah, I was talking to Paul about you today. He was saying you were getting sales for your neck pain fascia thing. Yeah, it's, I mean, that's been definitely a pleasant surprise. I think I'm at nine sales now. It's not profitable.

I think I'm probably at 40% ROI. When I put, and this has happened to me several times is what I want to talk to John about. I get a few sales and then when I bump up the spend a little bit, it seems to dry up. So, I don't know if that's something you need to just write out for a while or if that indicates that you're not quite there with the messaging. Yeah.

Yeah, talk to him, man. Media buying is getting to be such a science now. Talk to him. It used to be the numbers were, and I don't know why, but the numbers were pretty clear. And whenever you would bump up the scale, scale up your numbers, it would actually scale.

Right. And now it's like you bump up the numbers and Facebook says, oh, you want me to go wide again or something. And the conversions go down. Yeah, so there's ways of duplicating the things. I don't know.

Talk to John. Yeah. Okay. Okay. But then the other messaging one, my coaching ends Wednesday.

So, I wanted one last talk with you to kind of give me some marching orders for the next months of things to try on my own. And then I may regroup and come back for a month at a time sort of thing. So, okay. Yeah. Yeah, sure.

And don't worry about when it, just set up soon, anytime you want this week, Thursday, Friday, don't worry about it. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well, I'll regroup, get my head on straight, and then we can talk then.

Okay. Okay. All right. Let's have a day. Thanks.

All right. Beautiful. Okay, so I guess we're done here. In case there's any last-minute questions for me from you, Lisa. Guys, have a great rest of the day and a great week.

Thanks, my friend. You too. Okay. Thank you. Thanks so much.

Take care. Bye.
