---
title: "Foundations 2022-09-26 16:02:34"
date: 2022-09-26
duration: 57m
duration_seconds: 3459
vimeo_id: 753946067
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Foundations 2022-09-26 16:02:34

**Date:** 2022-09-26 | **Duration:** 57m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

10 which is waiting on waiting on someone to join. It's exact same way. That's why that's funny. So quick recap. Thanks for pointing out what you pointed out because I essentially the top part was what came from my brain and then the bottom part was taking what it did I put in and rewording it slightly.

So that was this jointed. So let me quickly share mosque green. sir Kind sir, and I just realized that we did a lot of work. This is a lot of work. We did a lot in that nine weeks of building the campaign.

So I I guess do you see my email when I wrote back I did right? So the thing the one thing. If we were to put it bluntly. Is not looking at the lifestyle and the habits around the drinking, right? this can also be turned into diving deeper and like uncovering the like uncovering the subconscious Drivers of the behavior that's something that we do in the beginning of the course.

but that's I feel too much for cold traffic for the lead. Yeah, it's too much for the league the leads all about your mechanism man. Got to remember that. Okay, get them really hot and bothered about your mechanism. So I started working on it right there where it says the truth is right what I thought would help you transition from that.

into the unique mechanism is something along the lines of you know, the truth is human beings like me and you we hardwire our Behavior. into our brains using stimuli and alcohol is a shortcut. It's an easy way to do that. So the trick is to find another easy way to rewire it a different lifestyle. And that's what the hard reset method is.

So maybe that would sorry sort of transition between because you know at first when you were talking when you were telling me about it over the the call when we spoke together. I thought you were talking about hard reset method with that stuff at the top. So I I is just we're kind of quickly going back and forth and I made some assumptions so I didn't obviously didn't. Know exactly. What was which call is this?

I can't remember the last time we spoke when you were when we were going. It could have been the the call last Wednesday, maybe. Right, you know when you joined the group call just me and you for is me and you and then me and Christian. Right, right. Yeah.

Okay. I remember we spent a okay. So so just to be on the same page. we're now turning this into there's one thing that you've been overlooking and that one thing is the lifestyle and the habits which also then contains because it's no longer one thing if he says a lifestyle that's habits and it's mindset because then it's multiple things but if all falls under the umbrella of lifestyle and habits we could right if we were to pick one thing of between lifestyle and habits. I would say habits but I feel like that's too simplistic in lifestyle is a bit more intriguing that what do I need to change all your lifestyle is a habit.

It's the same thing, right? true, so did you want to like Put something from your brain into here and then we can sort of mash it together. Is that yeah, so I'm working on that now, okay. So while you're doing that I also wrote up the offer now. Also I wanted to ask you I've been torn and just so torn.

between coming out with the same offer. with different bonuses Without the meeting. Okay, because then that's you know, that's that's a different offer. Basically the same offer as we have now. But making the activation called the one of the one of the main things they get the course and and everything else all the other bonuses.

But without the meetings for 97, okay? right so what I'm trying to do is look we have now October November December and a little bit of January to work together and get this thing profitable and what I want out of this is something that makes money that doesn't require my time. That's still the overarching. Okay. So what I am inclined to do like and I'm caught in two minds and I'll tell you why.

We can either run with the with that one one offer, including the including the meetings or maybe we could try one one without the meetings. Just just as it is, but the meetings part should essentially be the last thing we try And the reason why that should be the last thing we try is because with the meetings. That means I have to be more Hands-On with the business. Which means I will have very little time for stopping ads and writing copy and figuring out and you angle and doing all of those things because then people have bought the deal and now I have to service them. There's no escaping that right.

Whereas I also think that in this space, there's a lot of DIY courses that are doing well and I think we may have just priced it a bit too high, especially like this price point may have worked a couple of years ago or two or three years ago, but now with covid and all this extra stuff we might need to make it cheaper. So can we do a split test with the same ads budget that we have? We have a new lead. We're gonna we're gonna have a new core. I'm gonna work on.

I'm going to work on like I thought of some new claims some different claims essentially the same thing but in a slightly different word in different way, I'll write it up. I'll send it to you. You tell me if we keep what we already have or if we change or if we change it. But do you think that we should try again where the lower price point but the same offer and that price point we can test at 197 as well as 97 and see if there's any traction or do you think that we should just come out of the Gates Strong with the 111 with the with the with the meetings? Because I feel like the meetings way more value, but maybe too much value.

That's you know, yeah. So creating an offer is like one of the things one of the things I look at is like when I'm starting an offer. I try to come up with an attractive solution Todd talks about this all the time, but attractive solution is like given a certain promise for example quitting drinking What would they love? What would just like nail it for them? I mean nobody wants courses.

Nobody wants. Training right? Nobody actually wants it. They want the result. Yeah.

So what for them would be a great way to get that result. So it's f****** support man. God dammit. So listen, man, if you when you're talking about having an offer like training. Like a course now you have the same offers everybody else.

Yeah, and that's fine. So now you're you're marketing has to be a lot better. Right you you know what I'm saying. If you have a great amazing offer. It's like okay that you almost don't even need marketing because why would I not do that?

You know if I were teaching blog how to how to how to create a podcast And I said, look, here's what I'll do. I'll come to your house. I'll set up all the equipment plug it into your laptop. Okay, then I'll go with you one over one on one. I'll show you how to do it.

Then. I'll put you in a boot camp like every every day for two weeks. We're gonna work on this, you know together and get your podcasting up and then I'm going to hook you up with your own first five clients, and and you know what? I'm so all of that would be a crazy. Like done for you easy way at almost just offered self sounds like how could I not be successful if I did that?

Whereas if I said, okay, I'm going to have a course on creating a podcast. Okay, how many books and courses are there on podcasting? There are a lot of them right? So I mean it's the same thing with quitting drinking. What would they love?

What and see this is this is how you got to know your prospects? You got to know your Market, but what would they love to have? Right, so that's where that is what goes into a great offer now at the same time. You also have to ask what am I willing to do? Right because the less you're willing to do.

Then the the less your offer the more you're offer is like your competitors. right So your marketing has to be better than theirs. That's a good point and you have to you know what I'm saying? So I'm telling you is if you decide you want to go with the course and a lower price point. Okay.

Now you've joined the party. right and you have to Be flashier, you have to get their attention. You have to have a better argument. You have to prove you're better than they are you have to do all of that stuff. Whereas you're not gonna get anyone else doing this at this price point so f****** sign up because you know it yeah, and so that's that's really that's a good a good sin offer a good winning offer like like Todd talks about is is something that a prospect would see and think yeah, that's I would definitely be successful if I Took him up in his offer.

Let me and that's what they want is. They want the outcome. Yeah. Yeah, I just like you're perspective has to change a little bit because you might be thinking about from when we did this when you had lots of classes on the schedule meditations and this and that and what we've decided is that it's like 50 people capacity and it's like you two hours a week. So it's not as much as you maybe think to have the weekly support session meetings added because you're not doing like A million of them like you were and your organic hustling back then too.

Now. You're just meeting with Michael and doing like isolated like focused work. So your life is like the same and then upselling to Voxer is like what you're looking for, but I think you're nervous that you think you're gonna be like all these hours all these people but remind yourself that it's not we've listened the load all this and it's not supposed to be you were freaking private coaching those people for This price point now it's like they get what they paid for and if they want perfect coaching they'll pay for it. Right, but you want to give as much on those goals to get all that Michael. I got most of it.

Yeah, that's why she's got 30% She's a smart woman. You need to she's a keeper. Yeah. I know she's keeping me right now. Okay.

So look, it's it's settled then because what I what I'm thinking is that at the end of the day, I'm in the business of getting results. Right? And the only time I've ever had got any type of result is with my involvement. Right, so well, you know plus once you the more you do this the more you'll have people who can do it for you. You know yet a lot of your graduates you can say.

Hey, how would you like to coach for me? You know, I'll give you 25 bucks an hour to get one-on-one with these people and whatever it I mean whatever you charge just make sure it's like that's just a small piece of that. You know, it's part of your overhead. It's part of You know what? I mean, and then now it's less less of you.

Like Todd he doesn't do he doesn't do these. Things anymore one-on-ones. He doesn't work. He used to do half day intensives. He doesn't do those anymore.

That was for 17,000 for a half a day. You don't do those anymore. It's like he's done. You know what? I mean, and that that would be that's you.

After you get some people who are familiar with your system, you know, they're keeping a journal. They're doing the meditations. They're drinking water. They're going to sleep when they should they're doing all the things. And staying off of booze is easy for them, right?

They can certainly help other people just like you can you know what? I mean? It's just a matter of it just takes a while Yeah, there's no one doing. Well what this offer at 111 will do with support meetings and of course and one-on-one call for this price. Like I feel like that's certainly a no-brainer.

Okay, so that brings us to now what you see on this screen. So this is the right up for the third thing they get so this is the offer like the offer presentation part that comes right and So what is the hundred a hard reset all about it used to be it's a bundle of trainings and assessments or it's a bundle of Assessments coach assessments training and Community. It said now it says it's a bundle of recovery tools education coaching and community. So I just changed that recovery tools part that puts you in the straight path to photo recovery from alcohol addiction and even withdrawals within the next Hundred Days by creating a five-dimensional healing environment in your life. So this is remember you're talking about the unique mechanism five dimensional healing environment.

Okay, so you would still you would replace that with the actual name of the mechanism. hard reset like if they by the time they get to your offer if they're like, oh hard reset that's for me. That's what I want. Well, this offer has to deliver that so you need to have those words hard reset in. The the deliverables in this an offer.

Does that make sense? Right it definitely does. like within the next hundred days if the next based on the hard reset method That's what you mean or take out. Yeah within the next hundred days based on the hard reset method. So I guess we'll talk about the 5D healing part in the in the middle of and when one of the cpv chunks.

So anyway, so this is it. So the first thing you get is the one-on-one call if you want to just so everything in burgundy is what I've added new Okay, so Ron Burgundy Okay, so Um first thing he gives 101 to me that you get to know you and your story is called a deep diving what private how you're drinking haven't. So this is so you avoid common pitfalls when getting started with this? With the hard reset method keep your focus firmly in the outcome. Maximize your check.

Yeah, so Yeah, could you I would say if you could come up with a dimensionalized. Aspect to that benefit you have there. you know, so like what is what will they experience because of that call? Like when they hang up the call, how is their life different? You know what?

I mean? What is Now, what are they? What's an actual experience? feeling confident that's emotional but like Like if you had if you if you were to do a silent movie version of that. Of that benefit, what would it look like what would happen in the in the movie?

At this time it feels like what's what's a common pitfall? name a common pitfall so many common Pitfall is wanting to do it all in one. Okay, so so exactly so instead of trying to watch all the videos the first day and blah blah blah. you have you you have a a game plan and a checklist to follow you only spend and and you know that you instead of spending, you know, eight hours a day in front of the computer watching videos. You'll be spending it.

I don't know I'm making this up, but you see how I'm I'm I'm trying to paint a picture of what it actually looks like. You know, and I'm not even sure that's it. That's a good dimensionalized version of this, but I want I want them to see Like like you avoid common fitfalls. Well, so what like what common pitfalls what are you talking about? What's that like You know, that's what that's what a dimensionalized benefit will.

get you guys benefits, so I mean the end result of this call is everyone says that okay. Now, I feel like I can actually do this. Now. I feel like this that this is going to work so it UPS their confidence it motivates them and it gives them A clear path to follow and what are they physically do? What are they physically do that they couldn't do before.

so physically so they learn they learn of the small changes that they can make to their lifestyle more important most regularly their morning routine and their nighttime routine like when they're going to bed and when they're waking up and sort of some points in between like in their daily life. So on this call what I get them to talk about. Is there eating habits, they're sleeping habits there there like, you know how they manage stress in their life if they get any downtime, you know, all that stuff, which is basically the purpose of The Five Habits, right? So what I try to do is get all the information I need and be like look this is how this course is going to fix these issues or these deficiencies in the Way You Are Like if you want to feel better like we have to start adjusting these things because they're related to stress or they're related to whatever else is causing the drinking Behavior, right? So that's essentially the purpose of these calls.

More importantly everybody walks away with a customized recovery plan. So if in the course it says you should go for a walk for at least 20 minutes. In this case in this person's case. It might be a little bit different. It might be that they can actually go for a run instead of a walk because they've already been working out or you know, they're level is different.

you to do to start so then so then a dimensionalized benefit would be so from the from the second you get off of this call with me. from that point on like later that evening instead of thinking to yourself. I think I'd like a beer with you know, or whatever instead of that. You'll you'll look you'll look at this at the blueprint that we come up with together. You'll look at the first thing on it.

You'll do that instead and you'll have zero interest in alcohol. So that's Maybe no. No, that's that's good. Okay. You know what I'm saying?

So that's like they can physically imagine. Okay instead of having a beer. I'll just look at this list I have and I know exactly what to do. to have zero interest in alcohol Right, that's they can imagine that they can see that in their head. Right?

So that's an example of a dimensionalized benefit where oh, so how about this create a customized hard reset road map with you. So by the time you finish Finish this call you can clearly see. the road ahead and envision because one of the biggest thing is that they just can't see themselves. I know but see this is that's still a functional benefit. That's not dimension lines.

A time you finish the call as soon as you finish the call and you think you want a beer you just look at the first line the first checkbox the first tick box on the list on your on your blueprint. You'll do what it says and you'll have zero interest in that beer. You know what? I mean, so that's they can they can see themselves doing that. So but I don't want to say that you'll want to have a drink when you finish this call.

I want to say. Well, I mean, that's okay. So maybe again that's me trying to come up with a dimensional benefit for you, and I'm not really You see that's that's the hard part is coming up with the dimensionalized benefit. That's actually experiential that's just call it experiential instead of dimensionalized because it's an actual experience that they have. once you have this called the next time you something like this.

Yeah, so that yeah, that's Dimension line. That's good. Film who wrote it. I told him to do that beautiful see keep that girl around. 30% of relationships the next thing you feel triggered by stress to have a drink you'll preach for your so the only way you could make this even more dimensionalized like you say triggered by stress.

That's something they have to imagine. They have to try to come up with. so the next time you spend a hectic evening with you know, screaming kids not wanting to do their homework. And you you feel the need for a drink? You know what?

I mean? So that's even more dimensionalized more. Yeah, I know because we're targeting laws moms are the ones that are watching these these things. So, yes, we need to throw in the kids. So you see how that is.

That's even more. that's easier to to visualize then the words feeling stressed. Yeah, that's you know. The next time you have a long day and a hectic evening. No, I say like the next time you have.

You find yourself. caught No. until next time you Sorry, that's right. work This is the work. Once you have this call.

The next time should I even say once you have next time you? Have a hectic. a stressful evening so evening with screaming kids. and buckets of laundry to do right So the next thing you have a stressful evening, we're buggy. and buckets of laundry doing that makes you evening with screaming kids overflowing laundry which makes you or that bottle of wine How about this?

Here you go. You see how that you see how that is. a lot more experiential but it's a much better benefit statement, right? You agree? Yeah.

okay, so we can just get rid of this. This is great. Next time you have a stressful evening with screaming kids in over for laundry, which makes you reach for the bottle of wine. He'll reach for your hard reset recovery roadmap instead. but I'm okay next.

here's the So this one was written by Adidas, so I don't need to touch it. This is all the only thing I did change a little bit is our proposed to change is that it says so you don't it'll Empower you with the neuroscience and mindfulness knowledge and tools you need to completely read alcohol dependency out of your life and never let it come back. So you don't have to worry about craving a drink ever again, so I wrote instead so you don't have to worry about drinking too much and doing saying things you regret the next day. Yeah, that's fine. Right whether you're enjoying a cozy Friday night Netflix thing with a significant other or at a barbecue party or going out with your friends a concert dancing.

You simply won't care much. You simply won't care much for drinking or we could say you simply won't be thinking about drinking. I rather than the kid okay here. So here's a do I have a dimensionalized? Thing over here.

I don't think I think you get this Inner Circle support Once a week you join us help with anything you might need. Have you ever question about how of course works and His meetings are designed to keep you accountable by handful. Yeah, so you know it, um that that kind of once a week thing that's kind of dimensionalized there. Whether you need some additional guidance, so you have a question. Yeah, the next time you feel completely alone.

And as Journey like most people do and feel like it's easier to just have a drink and or we logging on the meet with your ears instead something like that. Yeah, one of your new best friends in the group instead. That's super best friend. There you go. Yeah.

Yeah, you're getting it man. Okay, so do I need to exclude anything or is this good enough? So the third thing you get is the seat in our Inner Circle support meetings. They say the opposite of addiction is connection that we need to feel like there are there are people in this world understand. What we are understand people understand what we're going through and how rough this road to recovery.

I think we I think I can just get Rid of all, right your your teaching you're explaining there. Yeah. So the thing and Inner Circle support meetings, they say the opposite of addiction is connection. This is why these meetings are run by myself. and other former hard resetters that are now living their most thriving alcohol-free life and are here to support you as you go through your hard reset is that Yes, that's good.

Okay once a week you can join us. together to get help with anything you might need whether you have a question about how How we wrote to recovery works because that's the name of the course right the 15 week course so I can say whether how how road to recovery Works whether you need some additional guidance based on your particular circumstances, or whether you just want to listen to the powerful than relatable stories of other members on the same Journey as you these meetings are designed to keep you accountable provide hands on health for myself and other coaches live problem solving and most importantly to provide a safe space for you to share your feelings without any judgment. So the next time you feel completely alone in this journey I think that's more that stronger. Feel lonely, right? only on in this journey like most people do Every Journey like do you want to get clear?

That's like lonely in this journey to become alcohol free. Will have their friends are not gonna want to hang out with them. So like yeah, they will be lonely, but we don't want to scare them. Hey. Can we f****** alone?

Be ready and they're probably like I'm already alone. So bring it on. So the next time you feel lonely. No. They do wonder that.

So the next time you feel lonely and bored and feel like it's easier to just have a drink instead. You'll be logged. You'll be rushing to log on should I say that you'll be rushing to log on or you'll be eagerly waiting to to log on to meet with one of your new best-over friends. What do you think Michael? I like it.

Right. So now and then what? About open here chat. What's up? doing things that's an upsell.

Why would that be here? right, and then the fourth thing this was already written and then I just have to adjust this with the with the bonuses. So we have new bonuses that we didn't have before. I also want to change the value. So it says five thousand dollars.

I think that's a little bit ridiculous. So more like the whole thing is a thousand dollars or maybe a little bit more like $2,000 and you can get it now for just one three payments of one one. So 279 one time or three payments of 111. In terms of the value. Here's the here's the value.

So the course itself nine ninety seven believable, right the activation call 250. Because my rates on the website are 250 an hour. then the inner circle is valued at 2000 right? So that's about 3,500 or 33,250. The community well, well you're getting like there's there's basically 60 different sessions.

They could go to right like you say, there's five a week. Yeah that but they're not going to be different sessions. They're just different. They're same meeting at different times. Okay, so one session a week, right so position week.

Yeah, so it's like 12 sessions. Yeah, so if you want to like, I don't know in the UK. If you went to a session a week. I'll make Waters what how much is sessions cost like around a hundred bucks. Something like that.

I mean it depends on whether it's like an NHS thing or if it's like a private thing but in the UK Most like recovery coaches like yeah, you you would pay at least like 50 pounds of meeting or more depending on how many people are there? So that's about $80. It's like 600 bucks right there. at minimum and that's for that's if they just do one a week. Yeah.

But I can only Join one a week because I want to be able to upsell and say okay for more money. You get me or one of our coaches in blocks are constantly where you can message us at any time plus you get to join all these other plus you can have unlimited meetings. You can join as many times as you like versus. Okay, got it week, right so Okay, so I'll play around with these these numbers but again like it needs to be believable. Like it can't be, you know, maybe we can just make this.

799 Inner Circle of course itself is 1000. So that's about $2,000. mindfully sober Community meditation Library Let's put this value. value hard reset ebook There's no value. That's it.

so that so this is what it is. 2250 is the value price regular price 997 for it all and today. You can get it for 279 or or 1 1 or 279. No, you get it for three installments of 111 and for a limited time. You get pay for it all at once.

You know with the special discount. If you're really serious if you really you know what I mean, we want the one one to be the normal price. Yeah. and the the one-time payment to be an unusual thing. Because otherwise, otherwise, it looks like the 111 is a your your penalizing them for.

Using three payments instead of one. That's yeah winter frame it that way. Okay. No, I I that's all gonna come in here. I think towards the bottom Parts.

I'm gonna correct. I'm gonna do this and send it to you. But I'm gonna think of more dimensionalized benefits where they can actually see like in yeah moment in the situation. How will this help beautiful? So in the moment in the in the moment is usually urges in the moment is You're at a party and you're feeling the urge your now in that moment.

What can you do? If you have on Voxer you can message me right there. So that's enough so for the boxer right there. Yeah, so yeah, like deer there are few of those. They're pretty good.

You know, you're at a barbecue. I think was one of them and this happens and they're all over they're all in the in the cpb chunks while I still have you. Let me just quickly open. Okay. so these are some that I still want to consolidate but are you happy with these because I feel like the claims.

Are next but yeah. Yeah, I'm happy with that. I would just say that review the ones in that first list. and if if like any of those like that one through 14, if any of those don't occur in your second list. At the very least make some kind of benefit statement somewhere.

About those so like how does it help with Cravings? Like a benefit of something is that you don't have cravings anymore. I don't know where that would go. But you want to at least if you're not, you know what I mean, if you're not talking about crazy. Where it says here, what is the hard reset method or more?

Like how does the hard reset method work? So we can have and you said that one question can have multiple claims? Yeah. No, I can say yeah. Yeah one claim can cover multiple questions, right?

Okay. So the claim is that the hard reset method addresses and solves all the major reasons for relapse. Okay, that can be the the claim and okay reasons for relapse are stress. Social anxiety all I have to go out someone so-and-so's wedding peer pressure like those things. Being super happy or super sad like heightened emotions.

And not changing your lifestyle not putting yourself first not you know addressing the different parts of your life that God damaged by alcohol and these are the major reasons the number one reason. So how in the in the beginning in the lead is we're talking about look like one thing and it's one thing we don't change your life. So we don't change how we manage stress. We don't change how we live our lives. We don't change like what we perceive is fun.

We don't we don't make any of these changes. So if in the lead we're saying the one thing that we missed that gets overlooked is changing the lifestyle then I feel like the very first claim that should go into right after the lead. Is this is how the hard reset Impacts all the reasons for relapse and then so that they can make their own conclusion that oh, yeah. Okay. You're right f*** like I didn't I didn't change my lifestyle before I didn't change my friends before I didn't change like going to the same bar every Thursday night before like obviously Doug makes sense, right?

But then it's us as always. This is also like the obvious thing that they have in their life that okay. So I do have to change my circle of friends. I do have to I do have to, you know, do these hard things and Nobody wants to do them. What can I say?

so so, okay, so So look, so now the ads are off. I feel like I have more time to work on this like I was dying with anxiety because I was like, why are we burning 50 bucks a day if this doesn't work, right? So so you're gonna Yeah, my only hesitation I checked with John my only hesitation with that was. I didn't want ads to go through another learning cycle. Like maybe there's some reason that he wouldn't want that.

But he said yeah turn them off so. Yeah, I know. He said that to me as well on Thursday. They're just turn it off, but I mean look. Have like 25% often rate man all on its own so.

So now we know that headline works. Ads work that headline works and now we're working on the next thing that needs adjustment and the offer at the tail end of the offer is also becoming a much more lucrative. Like I just don't see how this doesn't work. Do you like as long as yeah, see, that's the whole thing everything before that offers making them want hard reset method. If they want hard reset method and then you say now check this offer out.

Yeah, look at look at how I'm delivering hard reset method to you with these things. Then it's like so like inside of instead of redoing the whole body because I can already like I'm already like crying inside because of the amount of work it. so what if you welcome to marketing? like that We did the lead. We do the offer and then we just changed some of the words in the existing.

method and maybe re are you talking about going in and splicing in? Certain parts of in the yeah, I think. I you can do that man. If you're good at it. I tell you what I have I always Everyone.

I know who tries that it ends up sounding really crappy. but If you are see for one thing. That most of the body is you talking like, you're an AM radio announcer, you know kind of thing. So you're you're gonna do very natural flowy sort of lead. And then you're going to go into that.

That marketing are yeah, f*** it. It needs to be it needs to be re-recorded. Anyway, so my whole point was that if I'm going to rerecord it I might as well change it right. So now I'm thinking that do I really need to change it all from head to toe and then I would say, oh no, no you that's probably fine. I thought you were talking about You didn't want to re-record the middle of it as well.

No. No, I have to read a court. That's not okay. Okay, I'm just underway. I'm gonna do it is cameras gonna be here.

She's gonna be sitting here. I'm gonna be like did you know 80% of people relaxing the first f****** here? That's that's how I want to do it so that there's the energy of another person in there. Because otherwise, it's just like no matter how you do it. No matter what kind of energy you have when you have all these words in front of you.

It does start to sound like you're just reading off of a screen. So having another person is is my plan on how to do it, but I'm saying is that right now? Let me I'll tell you what. Let me do this part again. Okay, I'll start a brand new sheet.

This is like I'll get rid of all of the stuff in blue and or maybe I'll just keep I don't know. What do you suggest should I just do a brand new sheet where new claims and like the my version of like how to write it and then we can weave it into copy or should we just try and Just if you're that, I'm sure if you want to do that go for it all I'm just be careful that you include benefits When you write it. When you're writing that chunk number zero. There with that. That's the longest one.

That's where Adidas spent the time explaining what hard reset method was. Yeah, right, and that's so so if you notice there it's chalk full of benefits in there like hidden in between and different. You know what I mean? It's like full of benefits. Just make sure you do that.

Look at your unique mechanism worksheet. You know, you've got the steps of your process. You got all of those benefits you uncovered right and make sure you get those in there. Well, you know is and then just and then chunk one through whatever. So this so, for example, I want to get rid of ebslow.

Okay, ABS law is is not the mechanism. The mechanism is the process of learning. That the mechanism is now creating the five dimensional healing that things to happen hard reset method. That's your dominant. That's your mechanism.

Right so we can just like and I can just like Skip this whole thing and just cut it out of my my new recording. And keep take its course essentially and it's core like large every day like actions you make on autopilot. We call them habits. So this can all go into the first chunk zero. This can be your part of part of that.

Which you can flip a situation. Yeah. Which would draw Simpsons does it eliminate and how clean the hard reset method rapidly eliminates alcohol Patrols in the first 30 days. So what I was thinking last night, I was going for a walk and I thought that okay. What if the claims are the hard reset method the hard reset method gives you a new way to manage stress a better way to manage stress.

For example, the hard reset method teaches you how to get the how to improve your your focus by fixing your sleep. The hard reset method shows you how to be confident and eliminate social anxiety. The hard reset method gives you the tools for for dealing with all the reasons why you drink in the first place, but doing it without alcohol right like that. That's my my thinking process. So it's gonna become a lot more direct about stress anxiety.

Social pressure self-confidence sleep tiredness the wiring of our brain of how like, oh I need to celebrate. So how am I going to do that without alcohol? I need to go on first date. How am I going to do that without drinking? I need that self-confidence, right?

These are like the overarching major reasons why people who give it their best shot and they end up drinking again because they You know, they fall short in these areas. So what if our claim was the hard reset method gives you the best, you know the best chance of success the highest chance of success with recovery with with wanting to quit drinking, right? So that's where that's what I was thinking and in these claims. It's all about what the hard reset like this claim. Audrey said the Habs law is the foundation of building any habit.

Like that's I don't think that's very relevant anymore. The hard reset method rapidly eliminates alcohol withdrawals in the first 30 days. Okay. This is this is good that we can still use this based on all the copy that we have underneath you go to a meeting come back and as everything else has as it's always being except darker and have your body and point or stressed even more. This is great.

Right. So this stuff we can use will this all the main reason why I drink claim the hard reset method goes beyond the symptoms and addresses the root cause of the problem. So this we definitely want to keep Next how do I know I won't go back to drinking after this. You can change your life by changing your habits. So the other thing I was thinking was are we coming on a little bit too strong in?

To a cold Audience by saying you have to change your whole life. You have to become a completely different person for this to work because in the beginning that's daunting after about a month. That's all you can think about right? That's that's the that's the thing. Yeah, but but doing that.

There's a hard way in the easy way to do that. There's a I don't mean simple but If you're you know, if you eat the elephant one spoonful at a time, it's not so bad. right I like it. Yeah, I mean, how do you eat an elephant one spoon at a time? That's that's how you do.

It just baby steps, man. So many like literally a compulsions they don't even happen anymore. Gather on the Christmas table. Yeah, okay. I drink God of boredom how will this help with that?

The hard reset method was all the problem of drinking because of boredom like that. Sure. Yeah, we can we can board them boredom. Boredom can be sitting with your feelings. I drink because I don't like what happens in my brain.

If I don't have anything to do distractions, you know, that's hardly some other teacher how to use your breathing to eliminate Cravings. So this I like allergies the metal work for anyone who's looking to quit drinking doesn't matter who you are. How will this help with social situations? So maybe move this further up. The ladder social situations is a big one, right?

The hard reason method will teach you skills. You need to be social without drinking. So maybe this can talk a little bit more about self-confidence. Yeah, so the claims the Meeting with your friends me. It feels more true.

Okay. So look you see how the you have claims. That you wrote In Black and Adida rewrotein's in blue, right? Like you're writing things like the hard reset method will teach you see that's not what you don't want you want you want the Like try to use the word you you know what I'm saying? So she has truth be told with the hard reset meant method meeting with your friends feels more enjoyable without alcohol.

So that's the same claim that you made it's just Worded differently is that present? It's not about The method doesn't teach you anything. Right the method does not teach you anything. If you follow the method you stop drinking. You know what I'm saying?

Yeah, maybe the course teaches you maybe some of these coaches coaching calls will teach you but the hard reset method does not teach you anything. Besides nobody wants to be taught things. They want to stop drinking. That's what they want. Audrey said method of their name is eliminate stress anxiety and how you react and stressful situations.

When you follow the hard reset method. There's no going back to drinking after a few weeks due to stress and anxiety. So I feel like cpb chunk number 10 needs to be number two. I think yeah, that's fine. You can rearrange these any any yeah, yeah.

stress social stress of life slash coming home and kicking my feet shoes off and sitting in front of the couch and opening a kind of beer and that's it like that moment that feeling is what people are after after a long days worth of work because they feel like they can get it and that's because they're stressed or stressed from the day stress in life. Number one reason. Number two social. I have to go out with my friends. Oh everybody around me was drinking.

Oh, I went to my birthday party blah blah. That's number two number three is Cravings urges and just you know sort of You have to deal with that in the first there's no way around it. Right? So so I feel like okay, so I'll spend more time on this. So for for now.

I'm gonna complete this the sin offer one. I'm gonna get all of that done. And then you'll do something with the lead. We'll confirm that and then we'll have the lead and we'll have to offer then all I'm left with is rearranging the chunks showing that to you. Once you approve that then I'll just do the recording.

Okay, right and then Once I do the recording I'll upload it and then we'll start the ads again, and hopefully this can be done by Friday. Okay. Sounds great. All right, my friend. Thank you very much.

So I'll finish this. So next up for me is when I finish the offer the whole offer presentation. I'll send it to you. Please make notes the way you did before let me know if it's approved and if it's good, then I'll work on this. And tomorrow day after and I think just instead of like ripping the whole thing apart just rearranging it and changing some of the words before the read recording is going to be enough to get my message across because this does cover everything.

It's just needs to be rearranged and maybe add a little bit more about. the stress part and how it protects how it addresses again how IT addresses the one thing that we have been overlooking this whole time, right? Like that's that's what it needs to be more about and I feel like there's no f****** brainer, right? It is a good offer. That's a good off.

Right I agree with you. how can you say no because really every every coach where I know I have two more minutes really every coach mentions that Holy s***, you already got it. The demo didn't even start yet. Sorry. So you got a deal for me at work here.

There's my other life, right? anyways This is what I so this offer and selling 100 to 200 is because I'm sure that once we have success with this and people are raving about it. Then I can easily run another offer with the same. But discussion same argument same everything twenty seven dollars micro offer. Ninety seven dollars just the course and those would be our leads, right?

Okay. No, is that um? look if you have if you have notoriety if you become like The Tony Robbins of stop drinking then. Yeah. I mean, it's like you can you can that goes a long way.

But that's not really direct response marketing to cold audiences because they don't you have to for this you have to assume. Nobody knows who you are, right? So that's what we're doing. So it's all about the offer. It's all about the message.

I just it imperfect world. I would have one tiny offer that doesn't require anything for me to do other than the work that I've already done and impact well. Yeah, of course man that pays for my marketing as long as I can just achieve that where marketing is free based on the leads that are coming in and then I can just work with these people and upsell them all day long to private coaching and working them working with them in a private group setting. and the happiest ever Of what you're doing here because it's low ticket and it's like a call with you which is the sales call to upsell them. And you're just sitting there two hours a week meeting people.

It's you're getting page and everyone the girls you think no, it's not because Daniel have one and better you're doing customer support anyway, so we'll see how your life is, okay? Oh. Sign up that it's like a hard reset coach and people still want it because it's the mechanism. Not you. Yeah.

Yeah, Michael the service 100 people. Let's get pleasure pleasure at all. As always. These calls are such a nice break for me in between all the hustle of that and now the hustle of this. I'll see you tomorrow right on brother.

Right talk to you soon. I'll wait to see the stuff from you on the leads. And then you're gonna wait to see the stuff on the sin offer for me. Once you have those two things approved, then we'll work on this and okay getting there. Yeah.

All right. Okay. Take it easy. Talk to you soon. Bye.
