---
title: "Foundations  2022-03-28 06:59:00"
date: 2022-03-28
duration: 1h 2m
duration_seconds: 3739
vimeo_id: 692999680
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations  2022-03-28 06:59:00

**Date:** 2022-03-28 | **Duration:** 1h 2m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Okay, share my screen again. And okay, so yeah, we were talking benefits of understanding this post-winter confusion, this post-winter,
this thing that happens. Yeah.

How it feels you when you are in the, oh, wait a minute, I'm sorry, that was step three. Yeah. That's a key insight. We create our experiences and feelings from our thinking. Exercise for a month.

Compete and live as if everything you experienced comes from your thinking and not results. See what happens. So let me ask you this. Is there some sort of, is there some sort of, like, steps or sequence or thing that you tell them to do in order to pull that off? I have to think about that.

I mean, if somebody says, I don't know what you, I don't know what you mean. How do I do that? What would you tell them? I would tell them, like, imagine that, for example, like, you lose a tennis match and you feel down and you just notice that you're not feeling down because of your result. You're feeling down because of whatever thoughts you're making right now based on where you are.

Like, you're telling yourself all sorts of things. You're making up all sorts of stories. But imagine, like, everything you feel, like, let's say, like, your coach shouts at you and you feel nervous. Imagine it's not the coach makes you nervous. It's just, like, your thinking.

Like, you could, you could, like, smile back at your coach. You could leave your coach. You could not take him so seriously. But it's your thinking that causes you to feel tense or nervous and just, like, play with it for a time. And, like, and, like, when you see you get nervous, like, maybe, like, even notice, like, what could you do to feel less nervous in that moment?

Like, like, you could physiologically, like, just, like, loosen your, you know, tightness in your face. You could, like, just try and be compassionate for your coach. You could, like, try and just think he means well for me, and that's the way he expresses it. Does that make any sense? Yeah, it does.

Let me ask you this, though. You actually... Like, you see one difference with my approach, which I think is unique. It's like a philosophical approach. Like, I really believe it's through understanding that people change.

And nothing else or nothing more, through drips of understanding. And I gave you the example, right, last time, which is not my example. Like, if you need... Like, people always say it takes 30 days for a new habit, et cetera. But if you needed an hour to your work by car, and I showed you a shortcut that takes you 10 minutes,
how many days would you need to take that shortcut?

How many days would you... You do it instantly, right? Because you see the benefit. Yeah. How many days would you need to take the shortcut?

I mean... No. People say it takes 30 days to build a habit. But if I took a shortcut, you would do it instantaneously. You wouldn't need 30 days to get used to the new route.

Yeah. Yeah. Because you understand that it's just much easier. You're saving time. It's simpler.

Oh, okay. What my approach is about. Okay. So... Okay.

Once they understand the nature of experience and of thinking,
and where fear really comes from, or where anxiety really comes from,
they take their fears and their results much less seriously
because they know that it's thought-created realities that make them become tense
or make them underperform. And it doesn't mean that they instantly play better,
but it takes the sting out of the emotions. And over time, their mind becomes much looser, much more agile. And that's where the big shift happened. When you say you become more agile, what do you mean by that?

So, rigid is like, you can't change things. Like, you're in a close match. A lot of people are watching. You get nervous and tense, and there's nothing you can do about it. Agile is like, you might get tense,
but you actually start noticing that you get tense.

You start noticing why you get tense, and it's not what you thought it is. It's not like the match or the audience. It's actually just like thoughts that you create. You start taking your thoughts less seriously. You actually, in a way, take tennis less seriously,
and that allows you to engage more fully and to enjoy what you do.

And over time, your set point of tension becomes, like, lower. Like, generally, you become less nervous and anxious during big matches,
and gradually, you just become a much better competitor. So, the problem with this approach, and again, I'm quoting other people here,
but it's a little bit like pointing towards fire with ice. The closer you get, the less you have to work with. Like, it's like, we're talking about experiences and about how thinking works,
and there is no perfect way to put these things in words.

I'm pointing my glance to a direction,
hoping that eventually they'll start grasping it and getting it
and getting a feel for it. Got it. Got it. But once again, everything changes. Okay.

Nice. Nice. And listen, what usually happens is the opposite. Like, someone loses matches, they really get, like,
oh, I have to get, like, more relaxed. I have to get out of this.

I'm, like, I'm losing everything. And they become, it becomes, like,
it really becomes a self-fulfilling cycle
that becomes very hard to get out of. Because it's like, I always give you this example. It's like dating. The more you try and the more you want it,
at some level, the harder it gets.

It doesn't mean you don't need to want becoming a great player
and you don't need to work hard. But the more you try to impose an outcome,
the harder it gets to create it. If I go on a date and... Can you hear me? If I go on a date and if you want to impress a girl,
it becomes really hard.

Like, if I'm, like, I'm going to say this sentence now
and she has to laugh. And if she doesn't laugh, I'm, like, a complete loser. Like, it's going to be very hard to make her laugh. Got it. Yeah.

If I don't take myself seriously
and I just fully attune to her
and I just see, like, what type of person she is
and I'm relaxed and I'm my own true self,
it becomes much easier. Got it. Hello, Nadine. Hello. Good to see you.

Yeah. I'll be with you in a few minutes. No worries. Enjoy. Bye.

This is Alan. He's a coach also. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Where are you?

Where? I'm in Switzerland. Oh, wow. I was, I grew up in Switzerland
and I'm going to Zurich on Wednesday. Oh, amazing.

Cool. What do you do? So I'm a sports agent. Like, I manage tennis players
and now I'm coaching young tennis players
and helping them make the breakthrough in their careers. Very nice.

And from where? I'm from Israel. Naime Odga, Mani. Naime Odga, wow. That's a, so wait, what do you do?

Is it okay, Michael, if we get to know each other? Yeah, sure, sure. Of course. I work with Bob Proctor
and I have a program,
it's called Thinking Into Results. And I have a cooperation with another coach
that he's a sales coach
and we kind of combine the things
and use the universal laws
and put it applied to business and sales.

So those are the programs I coach. Awesome. And what's your Israeli connection? I made Aliyah in 2003
and I lived there for 16 years
and I married to an Israeli
and I am Israeli
and so... And are you thinking to come back
or Switzerland is your new home?

Sorry? Are you thinking to come back
or is Switzerland your new home? Well, it was my original home
and we don't know,
maybe Canada is going to be another home. But if you're on Wednesday,
if you have time in the afternoon,
let's hop for a coffee in Zurich. I'll try.

I'll try. I'm coming for 48 hours. But if you send me your number here,
I'll contact you. I'll try and contact you. Let's take...

I'm literally coming for 48 hours. So full disclosure,
like I have to... Let's chat afterwards, maybe. Yeah, I'll WhatsApp you. But just send me your number.

I'll write it down so that I... There you go. 41762164405, right? What's your name again? Nadine.

Nadine. Cool. I'm Alon. Nice to meet you. Same here.

Cool. Michael, back to you. Okay. Back to our regularly scheduled program here. Okay.

So the third... Your third step... First of all,
do you have any questions
about what we're doing
with these benefits? No, no. I get it.

I get it. Okay. So it's like we almost don't even need
to do this together anymore. You could probably go through this
and come up with dozens of benefits
on each step. But one of the things I do,
aside from like going through
the different...

The blue stuff,
which is how you do this step
and coming up with even more benefits,
I look at some of the benefits themselves
and come up with benefits of those. So for example,
one of the things you said
in step two
was that you become more resilient,
right? Like once you understand
this post-winter confusion,
like you become more resilient. So a benefit of becoming more resilient
in this context
would be what would you say? Becomes much easier
to recover from setbacks.

Okay. There you go. So because of that benefit,
you came up with another benefit,
you know? So it becomes easier
and you recover. From setbacks.

Which in tennis is crucial, right? Like everyone loses every week
except the winner of a tournament. Yeah. So you see,
even looking at the benefits
you've stated so far
can clue you into even more benefits. Right?

And so what we're trying to do,
you got about 15 for one. You could probably get 15
for each of these. And what that would do
is give you 60,
60 benefits
for your mechanism,
for your unique mechanism. Okay? Now,
before I go into Nadine,
I want to talk about
the naming of your mechanism.

Like you'll see
on this worksheet,
there's like
formula,
algorithm,
recipe,
strategy,
method,
things that you can add
to a phrase
or a word
to become
sort of a mechanism,
right? But really,
what Todd likes to do
is come up with
a unique mechanism
name
that sounds
almost banal,
almost like
it's
a term
you would find
in a sports
college textbook
or a psychology
paper,
right? Or a psychology
Like a generic term. Yeah. So for example,
thought thinning.

Now,
I'm not suggesting
this is the one
to use,
but you see
how it's not
like
the Allen
method
or the
or
or
or something
like that,
you know,
it's just a term
thought thinning. So really,
then your thesis
statement
would become
the most
reliable way
to get out
of the post
breakthrough
slump
is by using
something called
thought thinning,
right? It sounds,
you know,
muscle confusion,
thought thinning. It sounds
like,
well,
what is that? That they want
the promise.

They want to get
out of their
post breakthrough
slump. But what is this
thought thinning
that you're talking
about? What is that? Because it's
the most reliable
way or the
most consistent
way or the
most whatever
way,
right? Most effective
way.

So I would
say like
what I do
is I look
through
your
mechanism. I look
at that
steps,
names of
the steps. I look
at some
of the
things that
are going
on during
these steps
that people
follow when
they do
this protocol
here. And I try
to look
for clues
to what I
might want
to call
this thing. You know,
does that
make sense?

Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay,
cool. this,
I've done
all this
on our
shared
documents,
so everything
is up
here. And I
would say,
you know,
go through
these last
two steps
and do
exactly what
we did
during the
first two
steps and
come up
with as
many benefits
as you
can think
of for
each one
of those.

You know,
look at the
name of
the step,
think about
what's going
on during
that phase
of,
you know,
thought
thinning. And then
even some
of the,
like,
the bounce
and hit
strategy. Like,
I thought
that was
so fascinating. It almost
sounded like
meditation
while you're
playing. You know
what I mean?

When I read
you describing
it. So,
like,
what would
be benefits
of just
doing that? Just like
playing and
paying attention
only to
the sound
of the
ball
hitting
the court
and bouncing
off the
racket. You know
what I mean? And nothing
else.

Just let
your body
kind of
mindlessly
do whatever
it does. So,
you know,
what are
the benefits
of that? So that,
you know,
if once
you come up
with all
these benefits,
then what
we'll do
is we'll
move on
to your
sin offer. But if
you could
come up
with more
benefits and
then let
me know,
like,
send me an
email and
say,
okay,
go in and
look at my
document,
please,
and then I'll
go check
it out. Awesome.

I think I'll
work on that
today,
yes. Perfect. Okay,
cool. Cool. So,
yeah.

So,
hello,
Nadine. Hello,
hello. Yes,
good to see
you. Yeah,
good to see
you. back again.

It's like
the third
round,
I think. It's still
the second,
which we
just,
oh,
it's still
the second. Okay. So,
did you want
to start,
did you want
to start
today or
do you want
to start
on Thursday? Either is
fine,
but I
figured why
start the
clock until
you can
actually get
on and
talk with
John,
you know,
because you're
kind of at
that stage.

Yeah,
so he's on
tonight,
right? Yeah,
yeah,
he is. But I
didn't know
if it was
a good
time for
you because
it's,
his call
is like,
and actually,
yeah,
and so
another thing,
here's another
thing,
you may want
to wait
until next
week,
and I'll
tell you
why. Yes. today and
Thursday are
the media
buying calls
and John
is not
going to
be there.

Instead,
Matt is
going to
be there,
who is
a really
great media
buyer. I'll be
on there
with him
sort of
helping him
moderate
because he's
not a
coach,
you know,
he's not
like John
is,
but so
if you want
to start
this week
and just
get advice
from him,
that's cool,
or you
can wait
until next
week. It's up
to you. Okay,
so maybe
tell me,
I ran
for a
couple of
days,
Facebook
ad,
so I
got some
initial
data. Can you
show it
to me?

Yes. Okay. Let me
pull it
up. Yeah,
share your
screen,
that'd be
great. Okay,
I will
have to,
I thought
it's open,
but it's
not.

And I
wanted to
run over
with you
the copy
for these
ads. And
then I
have some
feedback of
52 hits
on the
video. So that's
not the
hundreds that
we intended. it. But so I
don't know,
shall I
continue to
run ads
to get
those?

I don't
know how
else or
how best. So how
many people
have seen,
are you
using a
traffic
captivation
page? No,
we directly
send them
to the
VSL
right now. Okay,
because it's
to your
internal
list,
right? I send
out some
email to
my list.

My list
has about
600 people
and about
20%
open the
emails. And from
that about,
I don't
know, I
have a
click rate
of something
like 2%. I don't
know if
it's good
or not. So some
did see
the video
from there. Okay.

And another
two, three,
I guess,
from the ads. So the ads
aren't good. That's what I
understand from
this. That's why I
thought to. Well, okay.

So when you
send it to
your list,
you said you
got 50
people to
the sales
page and
nobody
purchased,
correct? One person
booked a
call,
actually. So that
was a
win. But then
she rescheduled
and never
showed up. So I
see.

Got it. But anyway,
so that
was the
first,
yay,
someone
booked. And she
filled out
the survey
and everything. So one
out of
50. One out
of 50
booked.

So that's
2%. That's
actually a
good conversion
rate for
a sales
page. So what I
would say
is, I
mean, just
from my
standpoint as
a copywriter
and not
really a media
buyer, you
know what I
mean? From my
standpoint,
when I
see like
50 people
seeing that
first of all,
50 isn't
enough. You're going
to have it's
not a large
enough number
that's
statistically
viable.

So you
want at
least 100. But if
you interpolate,
like it's
2%
converted
and they
scheduled a
call, it's
still not how
many people
purchased. So it's not
really a sales
conversion. It's just a
booking
conversion,
right? So really,
until you get
100 people,
it's too
soon to
make a
decision.

Now, you
said you
started running
traffic, cold
traffic, Facebook
traffic, right? So when you
sent the
Facebook traffic,
did you send
them to a
traffic
captivation page
or straight to
the sales
page? No, straight
to the sales
page because
the goal was
to have people
watching the
video. Okay. Okay.

Okay. So do you
know how
many,
what is
your click
through rate
of your
ads? What rate? How many
people who
saw your
ad clicked
through to
the sales
page? Okay.

So we
go first
to the
ads? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Where do
I get to
all the
other?

So it's
this one. Oh, this
has changed
again. Yeah, it
definitely, it's
always something
else. Yeah. I'm not
going to be
able to.

Also, when I
was started, I
couldn't even
get to the
conversion thing. So I had to
make a test
thing and
then anyways. meta. Oh, boy. Okay.

So. Okay. So what
was your
question? Yeah. See where
it says
reports.

click the
down, click
the, there's
like a down
arrow, there's
like a
menu. Here,
reports. Okay. And okay, no,
go to
breakdown, go
to breakdown. Go to
columns.

Okay. See where
it says
performance and
clicks? Choose that
one. Okay. Now just
scroll to the
right.

Let me look
at your
cost per, I
mean, your
keep scrolling
to the
right. I want, I'm
looking for
your click
through rate. Okay. Hold on. Link clicks.

47 cost
per click. Click
through rate. 1%. 1.3%. Okay, that
last ad, ESM
7 mental
moves, VSL
coaches.

That's got
that's 1.39. That's
actually not
too bad. Those other
ones might be a
little bit low. So listen, I'm
going to say
that you
need to talk
to, you
need to talk
to Matt
or John
on this. I apologize.

If it were
me, I
would look
at 1.39
and would
say, okay,
that ad
seems to
be doing
well, right? So that
those are
ad sets
and so
it's the
same ads
but different
targeting. Right. So click
on edit. Click on edit
of the ad.

Can you
click on? Sorry? On edit? Or do you
want to just
see the ads? No, you
have hover
over the
okay.

Okay, maybe
that's the
question for
the click
through rate
here and
here. It's very
different, but
what's the
difference? Yeah, see,
this is
different since
the meta
started, since
it's not the
same. Okay. So, yeah,
let's get on.

Before I tell
you something
wrong, let's
just get on a
call with
Matt. Matt or
John. Okay, so
you think
Matt is
good? Yeah, he's
good. Oh, yeah,
yeah, he's
a great
media buyer.

He's just
not the
normal coach. Normally,
it's John
who runs
the media
buying company
and Matt
is also
good. It's just
that he's
not the
normal coach. So, if
you wanted
to wait
till next
week, that's
fine. But otherwise,
Matt will
be able
to help
you.

He'll be
able to
tell you
exactly what
to look at
here and
what it
all means. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay.

I apologize. So, if
you go
back to
the VSL,
50 people
have seen
the VSL. Do you
have an
engagement
graph of
the VSL? Yes, here
we go. now, let's
see.

I'm still
seeing the
meta window. Oh, the
meta window? Really? Yeah, you're
sharing the
meta window. Uh-huh.

Okay. Okay. Now, I'm
just sharing
the window. Okay. Okay.

Um, that
changed. Now, here I
have the
last 30
days. Um, so
when did
we, so
I started
to run, I
don't remember
when I
started to
run the
email campaigns
as well. So, let's
just take
this. So, here
we go.

So, I
had 300
something
visitors on
the page. Yeah. Okay. Where does
the, um,
at what
time does
the, um,
the lead
end? Do you
know?

Um, I
don't
remember, but
I did have
a tag, but
people don't
get tagged if
they don't,
didn't sign
up first. So, I
don't remember
it was, I
don't remember. I could check
with the tags
actually, because
I put the tags
on the video. where did I
put them? You've got
300.

Yeah, there
were 344
visitors. Um,
the lead was
the lead was
after five
minutes and
seven. Okay. Okay. Okay.

I guess
somewhere. Okay, that's
fine. here somewhere. Yeah. All right.

All right. It seems
like you're,
um,
even your
lead. Let's see, I'll
tell you one
thing between
this and when
you get a
hundred, it's
going to be
night and
day. Well, I just
did this with,
with, um,
Mark Givert,
you know, the
guy with the
blanket photon
infusion. I don't know
if you remember
him.

He had, he
had 50 ish,
50 or 60. And he got
the, he got
a full 100
in it. His, his, um,
it completely
changed because,
um, I guess
Facebook got
smarter and
smarter about
who, who they
were showing
his ad to
or something. but, um,
so you
don't have
enough data
yet. Okay.

And then I
would say, um,
talk to, talk
to Matt this
evening and he
can explain some
of these terms
and what they
mean. And then, uh,
because meta
is, um,
last time I
haven't been in
there since it,
it's been meta,
you know? Um, yeah,
well, it's
also, I, you
know, remember I
reopened a new
account. Um, okay. So with all
that, can we,
would you like
to, or would
you be open
to have a look
at the, at
the copy of
the ads?

Yeah, I
would love
to. Through here
or shall I
give you
the, actually
I put it
here. What is more
comfortable? Uh, this
is fine. Uh, you've
done, well,
actually, let
me see the
ad.

Could I, could
I take a
look at it? Yes. So, let's
see, I
have the
same copy
with different
graphics. Okay. Let's see, I
have an,
okay, so
this is the
long version
with the
two words
gain, like
the positive
version of
it, and
then I
have a
negative
version of
it.

Okay. Let me
just see
how this
is. Finally, get
rewarded for
your valuable
posts, your
precious
masterclasses,
your
company. So, here. Yeah, let me
see the, okay.

Or shall I
click here? You see it
better here? No, no,
no, I
wanted to
see what
was below
that, what
shows up
below the
image. Here you
can see it. What shows up
below the
image?

Huh? I don't know
how to make
it back
here. Yeah. Well, I
don't know
how to
make
it back. Maybe I'll
close the
end and then
we go in
again or
soon.

No, I
don't want
this. Okay, let me
move this
here. Let's go
here. Okay. Okay.

Don't
put, see
more. Let me see
below the
image. Oh, there
we go. The sentimental
moves for
effortless
sales. Okay.

Okay. All right. You can
show me
just the
text now
of the
long-form
text. Show
it
presents. What was
your big
idea?

Which is
not a
unique
mechanism. It was
with the
universal
laws,
right? Okay. So,
yeah,
and your
unique
mechanism
is what? The
memo
framework.

Ah,
that's
right. Memo
framework. Memo
framework. Universal
laws. Okay.

Okay. Scroll
down
in the
text. We've
created a
46-minute
training
video
experience
and
how
it works
out. Therefore,
once you
become aware
of how
they work
and how
you can
find
alignment
with all
your
prospects
you need. Differently
be enrolled
in any
program
service.

Sales
conversion
reflects by
the law
of correspondence
and vibration,
your own
doubts,
levels of
self-confidence,
questions of
readiness before
you. So,
there you're
talking about
the laws. You've
created a
46-minute
training video
explaining how
it exactly
works and
how you can
integrate this
into your
sales
conversations. Hence,
what if
instead of
just earning
appreciation,
you'd also
get
consistent
five or
more new
clients every
month? What if
you knew
how to
get people
happy
in high-value
programs,
coaching,
and services?

And this
leading to
consistent
five-day
months for
you with
just seven
mental moves? And check
out the
video,
Discover
Universal
Laws
Work and
Roll and
New
Conversations. Additionally,
we'll be
able to
show how
you can
create an
energetic
use of
power or
desire,
hold the
energies in
them,
and how
to have
heartfelt
conversation
that diffuses
possible
objections
before they
even come
up. click now
to watch
the video. See you
there.

To you and
your prosperity,
Billy Neal and
Nadine,
Nadine. want to
comment on
this or
see the
other ones
first? Yeah,
I want
to scroll
back up to
the top of
the text. What do
you think? What do
you want
to do?

Quick
idea is
memo
framework
is
more
sales
in the
laws
conversation. where
would you
say in
this text
that you
are different
from everybody
else? or that
you
indicate
that this
is not
like any
other
I mean
from what
you have
there
showing,
you don't
really talk
about
anything. you have
a new
and different
way that
this
mechanism
that you
have a
memo
framework
or even
that you
have a
framework
that is
you know
what I'm
saying? When we
do a
minimum
viable
funnel
ad,
if we
have a
big idea
we want
to put
that in
the ad.

If we're
not using
a big
marketing
idea and
we're just
using the
fact that
you've got
a big
primary
promise,
big bold
primary
promise that's
being delivered
by some
new and
different
thing,
we want
to make
that clear
in the
ad. what we're
testing. I mean,
like right
now you're
getting
clicks,
but why
are they
clicking? We want
to be
testing
something
with the
minimum
viable
funnel. So
normally
we'd
have a
big
idea
there.

And if
we get
clicks,
if we're
getting
at least
2%,
you know,
1.5 to
2%
click-through
rate,
okay,
we must
have a
pretty
interesting
thing that
we're
talking
about. Does that
make sense? However,
when they
click this,
like why
are they
clicking? You know,
so there
could be a
lot of
reasons and
maybe you
don't even
care because
you're just
trying to
get people
to your
sales page,
right? But when
we're doing
a minimum
viable funnel,
just during
the testing
phase,
we want
to be
testing the
big idea
and the
unique
mechanism and
the primary
promise.

Like that's
all part of
the big
idea. But we
want to be
testing that
and we
look at the
click-through
rates as
one of the
data points. And then we
look at
like if
we're going
to code
traffic,
we send
them to
an opt-in
page,
typically,
and the
opt-in
page,
they'll
opt-in. And if
they're
opting in
at 30%,
we know we
have a
good idea. Whatever it
is, we
know it's
good.

If they're
not opting
in,
okay,
now you
see they're
going straight
to the
sales page
and your
sales page
right now
out of
50 people
who've seen
it, one
person signed
up, which
is probably
pretty good. But you
had over
300 people
see the
sales page
and only
50 clicked
on the
play button,
right? Why is
that? Is it
because of
the idea? Is it
because of
the promise?

We can't
make that
call yet. We can't
make that
determination. Because we
missed the
data from
the ads
and the
opt-in
page. Now, when
you're sending
it to your
list, the
email
takes the
place of
the ad
and the
opt-in
page. So we
look at
the open
rate, we
look at
the click
rate.

If they're
open at
20%,
you know,
it must
be a
pretty good. I mean,
you kind
of have to
know the
engagement of
your list,
really. But if
it's a
well-engaged
list, if
you get
20%, 30%
or more,
okay, my
idea must
be good. My idea
that's in
the headline
or the
subject line
must be
good. And then
you present
the big
idea in
the email
itself.

And then
if they
click, you
look at
that click
through rate
to see
if it's,
you know. And then
again,
you don't
use an
opt-in
page. So you
kind of
look at
the email
itself to
give you a
clue about
your big
idea. So does
this make
sense, what
I'm saying? Yeah,
yeah, absolutely.

So I'm
worried that,
could you
show me the
sales page? Yeah. I just
want to
see what
it looks
like. Monday morning,
the computer
has to
think. I've seen
this before,
I think.

Mm-hmm. So, the
seven
mental moves
to
effortlessly
enroll new
clients on
a high-value
sales call,
on high-value
sales calls. Set your
mind on
heart-centered
sales process
and genuine
persuasion. Okay, so
I'm wondering
if the
reason so
few people
are clicking
on the
play button
is because
there's
incongruity
between their
ad and
this, or
if maybe
there's something
technical. have you
tried this
on, have
you made
sure that it
works on
mobile and
stuff like
that?

Like, have
you tried
different
browsers and
like, does
it take
forever to
load or
something? Mm-hmm. I tried on
my mobile and
on my browser,
but not on
different browsers. Okay. It's probably
fine.

I mean, I'm
just, I
just want, I
don't want to
discount that,
but for some
reason, they're
not clicking
the link
on this
page. And this
is hosted
in CARTRA. Yeah. So there
should be no
problems with
the analytics
because it's
all within
their system. So you
don't have
to worry
about, you
know,
cookies or
any of that
kind of scripts
that you're
trying to
transfer to
some of the
third-party
analytics system.

This is all
within CARTRA,
so it's
pretty accurate. So I'm
worried that
I don't
like that
high percent. We still
don't have
enough people
seeing your
sales message
yet, but
that's really
kind of a
low percentage
of people
who are
clicking on. But I
think, you
know, let's
just check
with Matt
because in
my mind, I
would not be
happy with
that. I would be
looking at
congruity
between this
page and
the ad.

so like
this, the
seven, the
seven mental
what is
it? Yeah. Yeah. Seven mental
moves. That wasn't
in the ad.

Right? Yeah. There is also
a version of
the copy I
wrote, but I
didn't actually
run ads to
it where I
like really
went,
mentioned
them. and then I
was thinking,
but that's
also not
right to
give them
away already
yet, or
would that
be okay? No, it
would be
fine.

I mean, if
you're not. So here's
another version
of this. Finally,
if you're
worried. No, this
is not
about mind
work,
but here I'm
talking about
seven mental
moves that if
they're in
alignment,
you'll
effortlessly
enroll. Yeah, so
I would
even, yeah,
so this is
probably closer
to what I
would have,
and I would
even put,
let me see
the top
paragraph,
the first
paragraph.

Finally, get
rewarded for
your valuable
posts. Now, how
come you're
talking about
that instead
of closing
sales calls? Sorry? Like you're
talking about
rewarding,
being fully
rewarded for
posts, for
your master
classes, for
your challenges,
dedicated
Facebook lives. Why I talk
about this?

Because I
think that's
where the
coaches are
at. You know,
they do all
those master
classes, and
they post, and
they do this
and that, and
so and so, and
that's a lot
of effort. And then they
don't know how
to close. They don't
know how to. Yeah.

Yeah, I
would say,
like, if you
look at the
ad, it's like
a kind of a
rectangle. Above the
image, there's
some text that
shows up. I like to get
the primary
promise in
that thing. And I would
say, get the
primary promise
and the seven
mental moves
somehow in
that text above
the image to
make it more
consistent with
the sales
page. Because, you
know, if they
get.

So here is one
of the short
versions would
be this, and
then here you
have the
primary promise
and the seven
mental moves. Okay, yeah. That's the kind
of thing. So how well
is that doing? Does that
add to it?

Do you know? Let's check. Let's see. Here is short. And that was
the other
small one where
we also have
the universal
laws and
effortlessly
enroll.

That's the
other short
version. And then it
says here,
watch now. Let's see. Watch more. Okay.

Okay. Okay, that was
the one. Let's see where
it's short
two. Can you tell
what the
click-through rate
is on that
one? Okay.

I'll just show
you the copy
of the other
one. Okay. And then
we'll go to
the click-through
rate of
this. Effortless
equals the
least amount
of energy
multiplied with
the shortest
amount of
time. So I
should switch
it around
because here
we have
the effortlessly
and the
seven mental
moves.

Yeah. Okay, I'll
switch that
around. Yeah, I
couldn't really
tell what was
going on in
that effortless
least amount
of energy
and that
doesn't, I
can't even
tell that that's
about sales
at all. Yeah. But then
if they
resonate with
effortless,
okay, so
here we
have this,
what I
showed you.

Just when I
share the
screen, it's
so uncomfortable
to scroll
here. one percent. Sorry, why
does this
move? Okay. Yeah, one
percent, less
than a percent
click-through rate
for all of
those ads,
one percent.

But then it
just spent very
little money on
this specific
ad. Yeah, you
don't have
enough data
on that
ad. Yeah. Let's see
this second,
this was the
second. No date
at all.

And then
let's select
all the
ads. Yeah, before
they click on
the show
more button,
I want the
words above
the image to
have the
seven
mental
moves and
the primary
promise in
there somehow. So, but
let's, you
know, let's
ask Matt
tonight because
he's, he
does these all
the time. When he sets
up ad
sets and
creatives,
he'll do
like dozens
and dozens
of them and
he systematically,
you know,
through process
of elimination
gets down
to some
great ones
and I
want to
hear what
he has
to say
about
these. Okay.

Yeah. Okay. And then
if that
were, if
the ad
were more
congruent with
the sales
page, then
that would
mean that
the people
who actually
do click
and go
and go to
the sales
page would
be, would
be more
in alignment
with what's
on the sales
page, you
have a
higher number
of people
clicking. And also,
does the ad
say anything
about watch
a short
video? The long
one says
and the
short one
have, the
button says
watch more
or so.

Okay. Does it
say watch
more? So I'm
not sure if
that's, you
know, intended
for videos,
for video
ads. Well, yeah,
yeah, but I
don't, I, no,
I don't think
so. I think that's
just a, that's
a click to
subsequent pages.

I mean, that's
just, yeah,
we can ask
Matt, but I
don't think the
words on that
button really
hold any
bearing as to
what they're
used for. I would say
that if it's
clear that
they're going
to a page
with the
video, like
that, that
a lot of
the people
not click
on the
video because
they got to
the page
and they
realized, oh,
it's a
video. I don't
want to
watch a
video. Were they
surprised to
define that
it was a
video from
clicking from
the ad to
that or
from the
email to
that, you
know? In the
email, I
was
linking, hey,
here's the
video or
training or
something.

Yeah. And in
the long
form ad, it
was also
said once
or twice
that, hey,
we created
the 46
minute video. Okay. So I
actually put
the, I
was thinking,
shall I
write it's
46 minutes
because that
can be a
turn off. But on the
other side,
if then, so
then they
know it's
like, oh,
long video.

Yeah. So, yeah,
maybe they
just didn't
read that
far in
the ad. Maybe, you
know what I
mean? Maybe all
they read
enough, all
they needed
to read
and to
realize that
this is
what they
wanted, that
you're talking
about something
that they
wanted to
see and
they didn't
realize it
was a
video. Maybe, I
don't know.

It's hard
to say. Yeah. But, which
is kind of
why I want
Matt to
take a look
at this
stuff. But, anyway,
I'll tell
Jesselle to
turn you
back on
today. Okay.

If you're
going to
come in
to talk
to Matt
tonight. Do you
know how
much time
you have
left? Not
exactly. Two weeks? Two weeks?

Okay, a couple
of weeks. So, I'll
tell her
to, just
because we're
going to
need enough
data, I'm
just going to
have her
push it
out a
month. Just... Thank you. Just to, you
know, because,
you know, I
hate to...

Two weeks is
not enough. Yeah. So, I just
want to make
sure that you
get what you
need. Thank you so
much, Michael. You are
welcome.

Then, maybe
through the
end of April. Perfect. Thank you so
much. All right. And then, you
can get on
calls with
John, like
twice a
week.

Say, how
about now? How about
now? Now, what
do I do? Now, what
do I do? You know, just
to...

Actually, yes. Yes, that's
exactly where
I'm at. I'm also
establishing the
YouTube
things, like
the basics. I'm new to
this. So, let's
see how far
we can get
there.

Okay. But, really
fell in love
with the options
there to
target the
URLs. That's really
cool. Yeah. All right.

Thank you so much. Any other
questions for me? Either of you
guys? First of all,
you're awesome,
Michael, and so
generous. It's impressive.

Hey, just don't
spread this around,
okay? No, I won't, but
I am impressed. No, the opposite. Do less, spread
it around. Like, just...

No, that you
care about your
clients. You know, I think
that's worth
spreading around. I think that's
what everybody
wants and
often misses. Yeah. Well, you know,
the sales guys,
I can't believe
I'm recording
this.

The sales guys
are going to
want to get you
going to call
and sell
another month
to you,
but it's
really important
that for you,
Nadine, right
now, like,
getting this data
is like,
that's really
what we've been
working towards,
right? All of that
stuff where we
come up with
the primary
promise and
this and that
and write the
campaign,
it's all so we
can test it,
so we can throw
it out there
and test it. You know,
that's what
direct response
marketing is. It's just
testing until
because I'll
tell you,
there are people
who need and
buy advice
on how to
close on the
phone, right? They need that.

They're desperate
for that,
so it's not a
matter of if
you can sell
that, it's a
matter of when,
you know,
once you get
the offer and
the message
right, it's
going to happen,
and so it's
just a numbers
game, you
test, you
tweak, you
test, you
optimize until
you get it. I mean, that's
the direct
response game,
so you're
going to need
a month, so
I'm going to
have to stretch
that out because
otherwise, you
know, you're
going to be
stressed out and
you're going to
be trying to
hurry this and
pay too much
for traffic and
you're going to
like try to
skip the
traffic
captivation page
for cold
traffic and
I would say
that, and we
could talk about
this more
tonight, but I
would say that
like once you
test your
message, your
big idea, what
the traffic
captivation page,
an opt-in page,
and you get the
thumbs up, you
say, okay,
they're opting
in, they're
opting in, so
I know it's a
good idea. yeah, you
can, a lot
of people, what
they'll do is
they'll skip
it, so they
get more
eyeballs to
the sales
page, it
tends to
make the
traffic less
good, there's
one less
step that
filters them
out, you
know, to
the people
who are
really serious
about it,
but at the
same time,
more eyeballs
get it for
a lower
price, right,
so, that's
what happens,
we agree to
do it for
now, yeah,
yeah, Matt
can talk to
you about
those options
and the
pros and
cons, I
like having
an opt-in
page just
so I have
leads, you
know what I
mean, that I
can follow up
with later
if I want,
so, anyway,
we'll talk
about that
tonight. Perfect,
thank you. You're
welcome.

Then see
you later. Okay,
anything else,
Alan? No, I
actually finished
my homework,
but I'm
going to
fine-tune it
a little bit
and then I'll
email you. Okay, great. Perfect.

Okay, I'll
talk to you
guys later. What's up,
Alan? I will. See you. Bye-bye.

Bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.

Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. You
who are
,
hi-bye. Bye-bye.

Bye-bye.
