---
title: "Foundations 2021-09-13 16:00:29"
date: 2021-09-13
duration: 54m
duration_seconds: 3282
vimeo_id: 604167595
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations 2021-09-13 16:00:29

**Date:** 2021-09-13 | **Duration:** 54m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hello, Annette. Good morning, Michael. How are you doing today? Great. I got your email and I was so excited.

I could understand what that Google Docs was about. Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. Hi, Debbie.

Hello, Annette. Good to see you. Hello. Good to see you, too. Michael gave me a tutorial about Google Docs.

All I did was make a comment on your document and Google automatically sent that email to
you. I didn't have to send anything. It just takes care of all of it. Oh, really? Yeah.

Oh, you didn't have to press share? No. I didn't do share or anything. All I did was I added that little comment on the side and it sends a message to you because
you own that document. It's amazing.

It's amazing. So that means if I touch it, then I don't have to press share. You'll just see it. Yeah. You don't have to press share.

You never have to do that again with that document. Thank you. Thank you. Gosh, that's just so fabulous. So I answered you and pressed share.

That's okay. So let me pull that up and we can talk about it right quick. Okay. Because I had some questions. Yes.

And you also struck out the part about mothers being feeling competitive with mothers. I did that wasn't. This was not part of your thesis. So that's another question I wanted to ask you about, because I did that while I did that
while we were talking to each other the other day. Oh, I see.

I see. I guess we didn't take out that note. Because I thought if I did want to talk about the mothers and daughters competition that
they have with each other, that would be another campaign, right? Well, that would be another big idea. Maybe.

Hold on. Let me, let me find, let me find your document and we will talk about it. Hold on. Okay. Okay.

There it is. And so, you don't mind, Debbie, if I share my screen. No, go right ahead, because I know you guys have been working closely together. That's fine. Yeah.

Okay. So, yeah, so down here, while we were talking, while we were on that call, that long call
with each other. Mm-hmm. This one here. Three hours almost.

You, you and I, you and I determined that this chunk really didn't have anything to do
with your thesis statement. Right? Yes. I mean, there are a lot of things you could say about relationships between mothers and
daughters that really don't have much to do with your thesis statement. Right?

And this is one of the things that we figured that we, after our discussion, so I lined it
out. Right? I see. And then I made this note here so you wouldn't forget why I lined it out. I see.

I see. Sounds like you forgot anyway. I thought that was a new note for me. I was so excited. No, no, no.

And so, yeah, if you could, there's always a date on these notes. Yes. So that was September 9th. I see. When we were on our call together at 12 32 PM.

Of course, that's my time. Right? But. Yes. It probably says something different for you.

Now, this was a new one. See? 708 AM this morning. Uh huh. Today.

I said, you know, you said she. She. I'm like, well, who are you talking about? She. I see.

Right? And you said Susan. So, um, remember this, this whole call, this whole thing is about Janelle. Janelle. Yes.

Right? And all of the Janelle, Janelle, Janelle, Janelle, Janelle. Um, uh, and so you, as a couple of proof points, you, like you, you said Denise from Denver told me four months ago that she. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right. But you're just now at this point. Now that you've explained ask presetting at this point, we're just adding more claims and quickly giving proof and stuff like that for it.

And other examples of women. Is that okay? Or. Yeah. It's a proof point.

Yeah, absolutely. Um, because now. Look at the claim. You. Stop.

And I'm talking, I'm not talking about Janelle anymore. Now I'm talking to the prospect. Right. Okay. This is.

Right. The wonderful thing about ask presetting that is all happens in 10 days or less. If you put your mind to it. You. Right.

Is if you put your mind to it. Right. And then this claim was. You stop searching for answers from talk shows, talk therapy counseling, Googling and YouTube. Mm hmm.

Okay. And you. This is your. You just started adding stuff. You stop the misfiring.

Blah, blah, blah. Blah, blah, blah. So what. What I wanted to get from you was. I see you lined out all of these.

Claims. So you must have put them in here somewhere. I wanted to. I wanted to get a feel for exactly where. Each claim starts.

Can we do that together right now. I would love to. Okay. Okay. Because I'm not so sure if that's the way I should incorporate it.

Okay. And. If I should be more cut and dry about. This is the claim. It starts here.

It ends here. And then number two. Starting here answer. I'd like. So let's.

Yeah. Okay. So here's what I want to do. See these little. This little mark thing.

Yes. I want to put those between. Oops. Between each of the chunks. And between each of your claims.

Right. All right. Okay. So you have. You stop misfiring.

As if your words. Are a self-driving car going on its own. Taking over your thoughts and mind. And worse yet. Putting your foot in your mouth.

Is that a claim. Um. Yes. Okay. How about.

You don't roll your eyes at your mom any longer. You actually roll your eyes at yourself. Whenever you see you falling into a trap. Taking the bait of an argument. Coming on.

Is that another claim. Yes. That's another claim. Okay. So here's what I'm going to do.

So I should put proof. I see. In between each one. I'm going to put that. Just so we keep track of where your claims are.

Okay. I see. Okay. All right. So where's the next claim.

Okay. Let's see. Okay. Let's see. Okay.

Okay. Okay. So actually it sounds like it's all claims without any proof. Okay. So this is the next claim here.

all claims without any proof okay so this is the next claim here when you transfer okay how about
when you decide to open a door of hope is that another claim uh yes that would be that would be
another claim okay so i can see what's happening i have a lot of claims but not much proof or
benefits to back it up yeah exactly we'll get there that's really a good little little device
there yeah and we'll delete these later really helps me yeah where is your next claim is that
you feel in control and you can turn off your knee jerks well that's where i was thinking that would
be along with a self-driving car because now all of a sudden you're in control but maybe i didn't
write it that way well um so that's why i kind of got this all mixed up in my mind it's not clear
okay okay so this is not a claim no that would be more i thought that would be more proof going
up to the part about your you know the self-driving car and okay so i'm gonna delete i'm gonna delete
this and i'm gonna put it up here and i'm gonna paste it up here with the self-driving car yeah
okay yes all right so then we need a benefit for that okay i'm getting this all right so where's your
next claim um let's see you feel certain
um see this part about you feel certain like knowing the exact elevator button to push to get
your destination that would come go in with the self-driving car concept as well now yes so i don't
know if that's like um we'll we'll clean it up don't worry okay thank you we'll clean it up we'll
clean it up this is all you know part of the process you sure i think i feel like really done
listen when this is done yes um you're gonna you're gonna say to yourself i get it i get what's
going on okay i feel that every time i talk to you a little more a little more trickle trickle
all right so um you see you don't have any gift gifts because those are short lives so is that
another claim yeah that's another claim because that's like now we give word gifts okay and you'll
fully understand why maya angelo's quote blah blah blah is that another claim or does that go with
something um that goes into the part of the door of hope you know where you okay you give
you make sure somebody has a good feeling okay and that you're not going to oh and i'm going to get
this document too right this is your document i know it's happening as we speak i'm just thinking
i want to save this this is this is happening yeah
and if you wanted to look at what this was before i started messing it up right now i learned that
what would you do what would you do i learned that from you i would go to format and version history
file file history for file version history right go there something about format would be
strike through that's what i learned from you yeah and now i can look at this is what it was before i
started just now see down here it's all there's no there's no extra things um so i'm going to come
back but at least you i'm glad you remembered that very good no i i thought format but format was where
you put the strike through so i learned that too yeah yeah but that was file file okay i have it
right all right so um best of all you have this deep understanding of where and why and when your mom
stopped being in touch with you is that another claim i guess so so i have this full of claim but
then i put susan down there so that's part of the proof okay of that of this claim yes hold on and
then i went down to some benefits so i think that's my attempt to do a claim in the most proper way
okay prior to that i was just okay i'm going to do something
okay okay never mind so if you don't remember um if this is a claim or not
well because here's the thing the reason i do this to keep track i want you to stop looking at this and
and and think about what i'm about to say now a claim and a benefit statement they're pretty much
the same thing aren't they it's really hard to tell the difference between a claim and a benefit
because they're both claims they're both benefits right right it's hard to tell the difference so
really like if you're ever looking at someone else's campaign and you're trying to find all of the
claims they make um you're going to be picking benefits and claims and benefits and you can't
really tell what the the guy who wrote the copy meant you know for whatever he wrote like did he mean
this to be a claim did he mean it to be a benefit it's hard to tell right so that's why i'm asking you
um is this is this one of the claims like you line the claims out down here and you put them up here
somewhere that's why i'm you know i want to make sure that this is a claim or not a claim
i see because it looks like i took the good list that you had and then i tried to do um i try to
integrate it in the text but then it created a new claim it wasn't connected to the ones that
were already stated well let's look at this you have a deep understanding of where why and when your
mom stopped being in touch with you susan's from seattle who was estranged from her mom for 10
years said she was clueless about why her mom stopped communicating with her and her siblings
they could sort of sounds like this is talking about this so i think that is a claim and it looks
like this is your proof you got a little short case study which is beautiful i'm so glad you did that
yeah that's what i did um maybe cluelessly myself yeah so you see what you did this is a great
a great shot of doing exactly what i told you to do you have a claim you got proof proof and you've got
benefit right i see you know what i mean even though you're talking about susan joy susan's joy you're
not really talking about the prospect but i can see that there is emotional um benefit there for susan
anyway um so okay ask presetting freeze your mind and body with confidence so that you can conquer any
obstacle and face any circumstance when you are able to talk about any and all conversations just by
your claim by your calm approach even if you don't know have all the answers that sounds like a claim
to me yeah that does all right it certainly does exactly right so um and then you said she wasn't
stressed out over her mom like now here i know you're talking about susan so here you're talking
about susan again i see so i should that's okay that's what i'm gonna do is i'm gonna i'm gonna change
this she to susan okay wasn't and so i went ahead with susan's story but then i added another claim
yeah that's okay that's okay okay sadly her mom um had this reunion with her siblings as child is uh
okay okay like past presetting is a combination oh sorry about that word that's okay hold on that's
all right it's all good it's a rough draft anyway and why do you do everything in bold drives me crazy
girl it's really a bad habit and that's because i cue myself to say that i already read that
oh okay well that's fine that's fine now i know yeah that's fine i'm sharing this document with you
i really have to be very pristine it's like you don't it's like i'm sharing the same parking space
yeah okay so ask presetting is a combination of art and science of conversations like a scientist you
can notice practice pre-faint pushing i feel scripted your dialogue is emotionally and not to
evolve a blossom when you're able to go and trust so this combination of art and science of conversations
sounds like something new about it relates to a claim down there so i i should have put um proof
and benefits um yeah so like a scientist you can you can delete this and i'll show you why
okay up here up here where you spoke about the um practice step right you said that i think
oh okay about that i noticed practice and ask okay so this is all three of the however that might feel
scripted the beautiful artful conversation is knowing how to ask
i think i was referring to the overall process yeah of what i'm doing because if you go down to the
chunk below michael at the end of this script you see it's the only method you'll need to stop
because it's the art and science involved in the approach so it was more like rounding it up
and um showing that it's just not a notice thing or not practicing or not asking it's just kind of
the whole approach that's different from scripts and words and okay okay so i don't know how that fits
in yeah that's fine that's fine we'll figure it out okay so i'm gonna say this is um
this part is the summary yeah it's it kind of felt like that only because that chunk
that was at the bottom so i'm gonna put this in a weird color so you know it's i like that
yeah so you know so you know it's me because you wouldn't yeah okay okay so maybe we'll need
this maybe we won't this is basically um it might come in handy yeah now here is what i want you to
do okay okay now you remember up here when we did these chunks together yes and spent hours on on the
phone right yes and we also did this part up here where you explained ask presetting right we did that
and then we started getting into individual chunks like here's a claim here's a proof here's a benefit
the claim is the wonderful thing about ask presetting is that all of this happens in 10 days
or less if you put your mind to it right it's not just an l who's able to do this robin from idaho
blah blah blah blah blah so that's proof about what i just said here and then and then the benefit
then the benefit so when you um call up your homebound homebound mom up on the phone a couple weeks from now
and ask her out and instead of listening to her complain about all the cleaning she has to do
which she never actually does she gladly accepts your invitation look she knows how good she will
feel with you and you have confidence that there will be no nasty remarks over dessert so now this
becomes a chunk about this claim so i want you to remember how we came up with this claim the first
thing we did was i went to your unique mechanism not unique method your cpb chunk document that's right
looked at the questions that you were supposed to be answering with that claim the gap questions okay
yeah you remember that yes i remember that okay so um the first thing i did was i made sure that this
statement this claim answered that gap question i see right because the gap question is they saw the
headline and they're like 10 days really 10 days so okay make a claim about that right and we prove it
and then we have a benefit about really 10 days so okay so that's the first thing i did i figured out
what question i'm supposed to answer and i did that here too but we did it together so when you do this
like here you stop misfiring as if your words are a self-driving car going along on its own taking over your
thoughts and mind and worse yet putting your foot in your mouth now do you remember what question that
claim is supposed to be answering um actually honestly not really okay because i was thinking of the way
that the mechanism of uh ask presetting would would work oops and yeah it's really to get it's really to get
you to have more discipline so i was throwing the solution into the part that people don't talk openly
and then it just and then i added a claim here that might not relate to a gap question yeah so the what
answer me this where did those gap questions come from um it came from the focus group okay and why did
they ask those questions um because they were they wanted to know what ask if it was really possible
to get to that thesis to get to that big idea like you can really talk openly about your mom right yeah so
yeah they they heard your thesis statement and they had right yeah they had objections they had
questions in their mind and all of that stuff that's where those questions come from these are the same
kind of questions your prospects are going to be asking themselves you know because they can't ask
you so we need to answer those questions right so what i would love for you to do yes um you have
something like this this is a good chunk here that you got going this is a claim without anything else in
it this is another claim without anything else right here's a claim that you kind of started doing
something yes here's a claim without anything else supporting it right um so what i would love for
you to do is look at the claim and figure out what question you're supposed to be answering with this
claim make sure the claim answers it okay right like this one here stop searching you stop you stop
searching for answers from talk shows from talk therapy from counseling from googling and from youtube
like i made that claim or we made that claim together what questions question or questions you think that
answered yeah that um that answered the fact that you don't have to go elsewhere you can just find it all
here and ask pre-setting it's a comprehensive it's a comprehensive method yeah is maybe that was a
question does this cover everything another might have been um is this anything like therapy or
yeah do i also have to um have counseling um right and is that all i need is that all i need
yeah so if i knew those questions now i can make a claim that answers those questions that question or
questions i see right and that does it that question that claim does it and then we came up with a
um proof and a benefit and by the way i can see the red stuff is what you added what you changed
and it's really really good um i'm not so sure because did you put the yellow because i was wondering
how i removed the yellow but you did the stuff in the red because i didn't um oh like okay um maybe
you did it maybe i did it i can't remember i don't remember anymore
but anyway know how to do these things yeah so so i'm going to give you three steps okay okay so yes
step one step one look at the claim and make sure it answers the gap questions okay
okay okay okay okay right and then step two yes write a proof a short proof
okay and step three write a juicy benefit about the claim okay
with the three levels yes and that's for each one of these things in between all of these little
marks that we made is a claim right yes sure that you do that for each one of these some like this one
here you might be done with it right you know what i mean that the except that you cued me in and
reminded me that at the end of that susan's joy it should be really you'll feel joy in your body
um yeah you could do that but how you like to say it and you know what if you if you say that is
passive so yeah if you say that susan's joy was felt um or like let's say susan felt joy in her body
right even though it's about susan right i would kind of if i can visualize that it kind of becomes
a benefit for me too you know what i mean it can be a bit it's okay if you want to not say you you you
you all the time it's what i do uh-huh but certainly when i see somebody else like benefiting the way i would
want to benefit i kind of feel it kind of splashes onto me you know what i mean i see it kind of
splashes i mean you know if you see somebody having smiling having a good time and it makes you smile
you can kind of put yourself in their position right um so it's okay to talk about susan and then what
debbie's saying like i like debbie's thing too yeah make it active it's a voice was felt in her body
you want to have an active voice yeah yep yep got it susan had energy and you could she could she
could feel the joy emanating from her and the energy that she had to do this oh good no more
yeah i love that and then going up there michael in the yellow part that's where you really put that
on there which is really good um saying you will um and making it the ownership to the reader
yeah where do you say you where does i say you will in the in the yellow part would you go up scroll
up and you see right down there it says you stop searching for solutions yeah and it because it was
saying i didn't say you will stop yeah you just said you stop oh i said you stop oh so that's
present tense and not future tense yes it's very good thank you so that's that's that's i don't know
i don't use no stake in past or future tense right now right now yeah exactly what right now but not
only that it's you not denise stopped looking for solutions it was you stop usually yeah
depends on what you write now she gladly accepts your invitation she does she not she will gladly
accept your invitation not yes she gladly accepts your invitation keep it present tense yeah absolutely
so yeah i mean those are little don't worry about that stuff i'm gonna make sure that we that all the
little tricks that you get the present tense and the you and the second person but um what i really would
like you to do is make sure that your claim number one what's the first thing i had you do to see if it
connects to the gap question all right number one make sure yep and step two exactly and then you write
a little short claim okay i mean short proof short proof and then step three is to write a juicy benefit
i like the short and sweet and then a juicy benefit juicy benefit because that's what they want they want
the benefit sure sure and do that each of each of these in between the little um okay so maybe i should
put the question in a little parenthesis so that you can really see the question because i think i added
more questions that people ask about and which wasn't in our original list of questions
um because a lot of people have talked about um how can i stop talking to my mother and misfiring and
and saying all these words out of my mouth like the verbal vomit you know yeah so verbal vomit
that's a good expression that's a good expression
i'm not sure i'm not sure i would want to listen to i'm not sure i'd want to listen to verbal vomit
but no and it's like it's very it's a visual thing i mean exactly exactly
she verbally vomited her response
um see we're we're we're i think this is it oh gosh it can be very very
so over here in your marketing argument document where you have the chunks
chunk four chunk nine whatever do you see how we have the questions yes i do just go there
i don't go anywhere else so don't add any more either don't add any more okay
all right this is good because as you know i can really mess things up oh i know i know
i can over complicate things i know how you are yeah i know this is coming along really well what do
you think debbie i think it's coming along really well yeah oh thank you this is a process
process and you're you're working hard at it and that and oh we're all having fun with you
are you sure because can you thank michael for helping me yeah i could i'm having the best time
working with you on your campaign i'm serious we are we talk about you behind your back how great
it is working with you seriously you know all those all your high school teachers they would talk about
the students we have our own version of the lunch room yeah we have we have our we have our teachers
lounge where we all smoke and talk about our students oh my gosh well i can't tell you how
michael was so wrong in the beginning he says well you know all about this you know everything that's
been going on with this for many years i'm saying no no i need this i really need this so i have the
the content but i don't know how to put it into all the the ways of e5 or whatever you call this
you know i mean this is like really new and it's hard it is hard it's hard but you know todd you know how
when when in the marketing argument and the lead how we talked about how easy ask presetting is and
all that todd never says that e5 is easy in any of his marketing ever oh i never says ease he never
says easy it's as easy as this no never never hear him say that not what is his claim he says it's real
quick or not quick but reliable or what i mean i didn't know what is very very repeatable he talks
about it being repeatable he talks about being the most effective way yeah right so it's effective
it's repeatable never easy easy never but this is the best thing the discipline to get here is really
amazing i feel i don't feel on the ground yet i didn't i don't feel like i landed yet i feel like
i'm still hovering 10 feet above and i can see the ground now you're getting closer to the ground
i am thank you thank you thank you so yeah and then and then plus once you once you go through this once
yes it'll all become clear right and then i'm going to make sure i i'm going to send you a
i'm working on a little thing that you can use later um you know that thing that that you know
fill in the blank thing that writable thing that i sent you at the beginning that at the beginning but
you um i'm i'm gonna that'll be finished soon and i'll make sure you get a copy of that so you can
redo any other these campaigns you want to do in the future right i'll make sure you're able to do
that uh-huh oh that's a big helping device yeah this is a skill that you need to practice you need
to do more than once right i see debbie can tell you i mean how many campaigns have you done in your
life debbie in my in my life i'm i'm not sure not enough let me put it that way oh my gosh don't
tell me that you guys are so seasoned campaigns after campaign after campaign after campaign we
just do them all the time and you see this is your first one right very first one yeah very first one
and by the time we're done by the time we're done with you we'll take the training wheels off
you know you'll be wobbly you'll be wobbly the next time you do one of these but you'll know how to do
oh my gosh that means you have me for life before i go senile
that might be quick pretty soon around the corner all right so we know what you need to do with each
of those claims yes i do and i'm gonna go right back to my document and work on it okay and oh i'm
gonna show you one other thing that i'm gonna do let me just show you this now everything i just did
for you um i'm gonna come up here i'm gonna go to version history name the current version and i'm
gonna say nine yes let's date um 13 13 20 21 um michael's feedback oh great so now
if everyone saved if you mess this thing completely up you want to go back to this
then what you do is you come to file version history and it'll be right there michael's feedback
oh so that is super because i do have those fears where i drop something i go oh my gosh what happened
yeah but it's all here google's got you that is great um may i ask a question is it okay is there
anybody else on the line that i just you he too thank you um i was talking to paul and he was saying
that you ought to gather a group together like a beta group or something because my whole thing is
the courage to go from offline where i did a long journey two years and then the last time i went five
months to squash it into five weeks so he says why don't you just gather a group together and to talk
talk about um to talk to see which of your points would be would be worthy of keeping and which you
might kind of toss away which do you think would be the most popular points of interest for people to
say i in other words to to throw this out for people to kick the tires so are you talking about your
program that you're selling is that what you're talking about it would be a program a precursor to
the one that i would sell just to that i could see if it would really have some traction online
because i usually do it one-to-one i never did this online yet oh i see i see and so he says why
don't you test drive it first just gather groups together and say um join me for you know small amount of
money and go ahead and go through your your points and i was thinking yeah i can i can consolidate my
whole thing into three mistakes and then see if people would like to join me and i would throw out
the mistakes maybe one per week and just do a three-week thing but then i would gather all the
data from people to see what they really liked i would evaluate them and say how do you think this
would work in a fuller program you know in other words they would be kind of a test group
do you think that's advisable because i'm thinking do i give them the whole program or do i just give
them the three mistakes that would lead to the next program to an upsell like this are you asking me what
i would do if i were if i were you yes um okay so and because i don't have the courage to do this yet
to to compress condense it into a short shorter program okay yeah um it might even be a longer
program you know you're not here's what here's what i would do if i were you now you you've been coaching
this for years right yes you've been already been coaching people you already know it works you've
had success so you don't have to worry about that now really all you need to worry about is what will
your training that you sell look like what will you know what i mean yes so i think what paul was
saying and you know i'll check with him but um he actually talked to us debbie and i about what he
he suggested to you anyway and what you can do as he suggested is you could just get a pretend you're
teaching the whole system to a class do it like i'm doing in zoom like right now like i'm recording
everything uh huh right right and you just try it just record everything and you some stuff will
work and stuff some things won't work um you know what i mean but yes you just i mean and and record
it and then take those recordings and put them into your um training into your uh and wherever you're
selling it from your membership group your membership site or uh huh i see you know what i mean you and
if if something didn't work well then try it again do it over again or something i see i see or or or
replace that video with something else something else the same thing a different way or no it's there's so
many different ways to create training and to test out training right right i've got debbie she's done
this before paul does this all the time um until you do it one time um you're always going to have
these questions in your in your mind right because what i'm just explaining to you now i know what that
looks like but the way i just explained it to you you're actually seeing something different than
what i see when i explain it to you you know what i mean yeah exactly it's like what's going to happen
really is you're going to get a group you if you get a group of people together and teach it
um in a group setting you'll discover things as you go i see you'll discover what works and what
doesn't work and what feels right and doesn't feel right that's what paul was saying yeah yeah you're
going to discover that i see i mean if you're teaching somebody one-on-one and they say well
what do you mean by that yeah right then you explain it a different way right exactly and then that is the
thing yeah so you're saying it's the same thing so because some of the times i have a lot of men who
want to join me they're going through a tough time so if i say mothers and daughters they won't find
it very relevant do you know what i mean so now all of a sudden that's a separate course
i see so what i would what i would do can i jump in a second michael yeah please do what i what i would
do in that is i would um go ahead and teach it to mothers and daughters yeah then you have you should
do prospect analysis for men in terms of what their problems are okay they're going to have a
different set of issues and that will inform your marketing and it will also inform what you actually
end up promising and that will that's what you teach so okay this is a big this is a big thing that
copywriter you go ahead michael yeah be careful she's not um she's not talking about another
campaign she's talking about deliverables right okay oh that's so right well i actually i am talking
about a separate campaign but i wanted to just focus on dealing with mothers and daughters first okay
and got it and once she gets that nailed yes and you can have a separate campaign for men
that's down the road stay focused on women stay focused on mothers and daughters okay because you
know that thing about you can't don't have to go to talk shows or talk to counselors etc etc i find in
my prospect analysis most of the men drop out from counseling first yeah they don't want to believe that
that yeah they that was my um data that they don't want to do this and they get stubborn and then they
just go down this narrow lane and then it ends up in divorce or it ends up in item talking to my crazy
sister any longer or i'm taking over the trust yeah mom i'm going to give you a five thousand dollar check
every month so that's why that claim works so well for the men because they say i don't want any more
counseling well and it might i wouldn't turn them away from your course if they want to join absolutely
let them pay you money but yeah i would not market to men until you have nailed this whole pro women
yeah okay hold off on the men first yeah there's plenty of women who uh you could probably go
for years the rest of your life and just help women and the whole world would be a better place
yeah and you would never run out of people to help yeah right i think so and like debbie said hey if
a guy wants to join let them in yeah yeah they're willing to pay come on in yeah you want to come in
where you pay um and and i when i did my prospect analysis every time i talk about mothers and daughters
people have a story if it's not the mother it's a mother-in-law so i think you're right this can go on
until end of time yeah yeah yeah you'll never run out of of um daughters and moms who don't get along
right right right there's like plenty for you there's plenty and it's a good idea debbie that i just
hold off on doing this and finish this first and and you know what i totally get the idea that you want
like oh that's cool and oh that's cool and oh that's cool well what what i wanted i want to ask
you because i'm gonna i'm a i'm an enneagram three and i have trouble with this i don't know what your
enneagram number is but um think of think of finishing you you have to finish before you can start the next
thing that's what i definitely need finish finish yes finishing is something that gets in the way of
lots of people so think about definitely oh i am right there going to the next shiny object
yeah so think about keeping me disciplined this is keeping me really disciplined
michael and your google docs and the assignments this is really good and my coaching calls to get on
this is it's i'm not finishing because this is brand new information for me and i'm just so yeah
there's a lot it's kind of overwhelming it's tough it's processing but you know what it you folks know
how to get me off track off from the off track and on the rails again so this is good that's right
we're gonna keep you focused yeah it's important discipline is importance um thank you thank you debbie
yeah thank you debbie yeah and you know it's very much it's funny um i actually i did something for
the first time yesterday that i've never done before and and it's because our church is in the
middle between we are our one our pastor retired in june and we've got interims coming in next week
actually but we've been doing a variety of things for over the summer and so i actually preached a
little sermon myself yesterday and i preached about discipline and the comment that i made is that
discipline yes it gives you the rails to you know the the guard rails to keep you on the straight and
narrow on the path that you're trying but the key to discipline is it gives you um takes away fear
and it gives you confidence oh i like that that's true exactly here and it gives you confidence so
if you think of a gymnast who's you know who's who's disciplined and over and over and over again
does the same routine over and over and over again that's right memory kicks in and when then when he
does the he jumps up in the air and he flips and he twists and he lands with two feet flat on the mat
it's he's he's not afraid of injury and he's got confidence that he's going to do what he needs to do
because he's been disciplined all the way along discipline actually gives us more freedom than
no discipline oh that's great you've just gave me three benefits discipline gives us a lot more
freedom because everybody thinks that you're able to do whatever you want to do when you want to do it
but yeah it's discipline that gives true freedom to be all that you were created to be that's wonderful
wow that was my little sermonette yesterday that sounds really great because usually discipline
feels like oh i gotta be in the straitjacket no it's it's freedom it really is giving you freedom
i like that i like that too thank you debbie pastor debbie thank you
i like that so much deacon debb actually i'm an elder i'm not my husband's a deacon i'm an elder so
wow what church is this presbyterian church okay rest me yeah but it's i like the alliteration so
you're deacon debbie i like it but i'm an elder love it okay well i hate to leave you because i
need to start working on my um go do it my claims my proof yeah i and juicy benefits i think this is
really helpful okay go do it email me when you're done email me when you're done and you know i will
so when you say email it's not i don't i'm not doing the share part i'm taking the line cutting
and pasting and putting it in the actual marketing funnels email right um all you'd have to do is send
me an email and saying hey michael look at look at my campaign look at it because we already have
access to it i've got i've got you already got access to it i've got it okay okay you're saying
hey michael look at it now and that's all you have to say in the email i don't know exactly what
to do oh okay so i don't have to cut and paste it and put in the email no okay that's what i was doing
i was just over i mean you can do that you can do that it gives you practice doing it if you like but
you don't have to just let me know i know right where it is and i'll go check it out okay okay all
right well have a great day thank you so much thank you really really appreciate both of you
yeah thank you i'm gonna say goodbye okay do you have any questions to ask me by the way
questions to ask you yeah i've never been asked that before
i usually ask that question do you have any questions um no i don't ask presetting question
yeah using my technique on you yeah i use it i ask a lot of questions when i do things with you
you know that so i've i've asked all the questions i needed to okay and you too yeah all set okay thank you
so much okay thank you so much more than you ever know all right have a great afternoon all right bye bye
bye bye bye
see now i'm going to be smiling the rest of the day
