---
title: "Foundations  2021-09-27 06:56:01"
date: 2021-09-27
duration: 1h 59m
duration_seconds: 7175
vimeo_id: 615861174
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations  2021-09-27 06:56:01

**Date:** 2021-09-27 | **Duration:** 1h 59m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Yeah, yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Let me look into sent mail. 927, three minutes ago. Okay, so it just hasn't shown. 926, yeah. Oh, there it is.

There it is. Just popped up. Yeah. Okay. All right, let me share my screen.

Let's talk about this right quick. Okay. So this is like hours of work after what I sent you. That one you sent, I was just trying to figure out what is the, what are they asking? So this one is, you know, I don't know how I sent the wrong one.

So I have some questions, but why don't you take a minute to look at it and then I'll ask. Okay. Okay. All right. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay, you've got 5C method, group coaching, individual coaching calls,
5C method story coaching. So 5C method story coaching, is that also calls? Is that part of
these other calls? Everything.

It's in the group and individual. What I was thinking is the group
would be, yeah, you'll get story coaching, you'll get core message coaching, which is really insights
and action steps, which compromise that. And speech structure and speech launch. But the difference maybe, I was thinking today, between group and individual,
is on the individual call, they'll actually work on the script itself. Well.

Rather than just everything, but the 5C group coaching is made of story coaching. Oh, okay. So 5C. Core method coaching and speech structure and speech launch. So those are part of that.

So those are features of the 5C group coaching. Got it. Yes. Yeah. Now I'm thinking to change the feature of the individual.

So it's really going
to be about the script. And the 5C, okay. And then. So, you know, because the truth is, that's the hardest part for them. And that's why I think
I have a good chance.

And I said no homework. But the truth is, you need to do a little homework. The only, you need to go on, get the recordings and write your script. And then I can critique it. So there's got to be some homework.

So I'm going to have to take that no homework thing out of it. I can't make that promise. Because I can't script out the whole thing. With somebody on a call. I'm not even capable of that.

I mean, that's what I told this client because she hates homework. But the truth is, I'm not
writing her script for her. I'm just not. I'm right now involved back again in writing a TED
talk and expanding someone else's and also shrinking it down for a TED. Now I'm into TED
talks because that's what people want.

But I just don't want to keep doing this forever. I just
don't. It's very hard to do. And they never want to pay for it. They think they're going to get a
TED talk in an hour.

I'm not kidding from me. And I looked at this course on TED talks and they give
you, it's a two day intensive for $3,000, you know, where you're just getting coaching. So it's, my prices are so ridiculous, you know, that I'm actually writing the talk,
you know, it's just too ridiculous. I just can't do this anymore. And I can't deal with the stinginess
in the overblown ideas of what I can do.

I mean, if I could write a TED talk in an hour or two or
three from a speech, then I would be a millionaire right now. I really can't do it. I already spent
three hours on someone's and I'm going to have to break the news, you know, that sorry, I can't take
this anymore. I'm having a nervous breakdown today about it. I got to get this going because I don't
want to be in the business I'm in anymore.

It's just not profitable. It's a killer. Okay. So just so I understand the five C method group coaching. Yeah.

Okay. Now these other deliverables are features of the group coaching. Exactly. Yes. Okay.

So I, maybe it shouldn't be like a separate deliverable because it is. No, that's okay. That's okay. Okay. You understand what it is.

So yes, I do. Yeah. So that's all that
that's all I care about. That's that, you know, exactly what's going on. Yeah.

You need to identify. Okay. This is good work. And I'm looking at your benefits and they're all,
they're all different. Make you stand out.

Show decision makers. Which one are you looking at? I'm just looking at your, your benefits. Yeah. Every one of them is distinctly different.

No question. That's great job. Okay. So I have a lot of questions. So if we want to just go down the
form and I'll, and I'll ask you about them.

Okay. Ask away. Oh, down here. Okay. Everything.

So starting at the top. Okay. So my thesis statement, I think for the beginning, well,
I don't know if I'm going to get experienced speakers that might already be earning 10,000
and want to go to 15 or my, my guess is I'm going to get inexperienced speakers. Cause that's what I
mostly got, um, through referral. And I got the higher levels through networking, which I don't do
anymore.

So I'm choosing between either my promise being earned 10 K or more by delivering a speech,
even if you've never given one before or create a $10,000 speech that sells itself. So those could
be two separate campaigns. So I don't really have to choose. Am I right? Um, I mean,
there's two separate promises that could be two separate campaigns.

And then there's going to be
another campaign, which is for athletes. Like, you know, how to win now tell the world kind of a thing. Um, so my promise to you is you can win in, in big as big in the speaking business as you did in
sports, you know, something like that. So in other words, I can have a different promise for
every campaign. That's the question.

What's the promise. What's the promise of this campaign here? So this one is the five C method. Well, that's the thesis statement. It's earn 10 K or more by
delivering a speech, even if you've never written or given one before.

Well, I got it. I'm just going
to say delivered one before changing that right now, but I've also alternated here and there. I
threw in the other promise, which is, um, earn a, you know, create a $10,000 speech that sells itself. So I've, I've kind of thrown that in here and there. So I kind of, I think that's where I should
start.

I don't think I'm going to start with top speakers. Well, but they are on my email list. So
that's why I'm, I'm confused. Okay. Well, uh, what I'm, who do you want?

Who do you, regardless,
see this, these campaigns are not for your list. This campaign is for, uh, cold traffic is for
traffic that is not on your list. This is so you could put people in your list. I would, I mean, if I, it's kind of easier to work with people that are not starting from scratch,
obviously, you know, sheer beginners, but sometimes people that are up above 10,000 are very stuck
on what they have and not willing to change. So let's six of one half dozen of another.

I don't
really care. They both have problems. One is ignorance. The other one is, you know, stubbornness
about not thinking that things are working that aren't. So let's choose one.

Let's choose a promise
then. I'd rather do the beginners because I don't want to have to fight with people. And I'll tell you
why, because I have had, correct. No, the thesis for the beginners is how to create a $10,000 speech
that sells itself. Okay.

The one for the, I'd rather the reason I don't want to work with the
more advanced people is they all know each other. And if I tell them critical things about their
speech that they need to change, they get mad and then they'll tell people I'm not nice. Okay. So they can ruin my reputation, although they've never ruined it, but they have said,
I'm not nice in terms of making nice to them and saying everything is perfect. The way it is,
they were like in shock, you know, when I said the things I said.

So let's go with that. Let's go with that one then. Okay. So I'm going to change my thesis. Okay.

Back to the beginner one, but couldn't I run a campaign for the more experienced one,
but I can't send it to both to the same email list or I can't. Well, forget the email list. This is to attract people that are not on your email list. Okay. Cause I thought email would be a big part of what I did since I have a big email list and a lot
of speakers on it.

Well then in that case, um, I mean, is your list segmented at all? Or is it just
a list of, okay. Um, how many people are on the list? I don't know, maybe over a thousand, but a lot of them are speakers that I've met. Would you be able to go through those thousand people and choose the ones that are beginners?

No, none of those would be real beginners. Oh yeah. Some, but that would be, um, you know,
it'd be better to take the bigger campaign and let the beginners get it earned 10,000 or more
than to, if at one time market get a $10,000 speech that sells itself, a lot of people that
are at a higher level would be turned off. It would be better to do the more general campaign
for everyone than to spend the time it would take to segment that list. I don't have a good
memory.

I don't even know who half the people are. Okay. So the, the, if this is a, this is your
business decision. You know, if you, if you want to go after people that are not on your list,
I don't want to go with cheer beginners. If I can help it, you know what?

I'm going to go. I already
made up my mind. I'm not going to do the 10,000 or more, the $10,000 speech, unless I say,
or more that sells itself. Maybe that's the thing to just combine it. Or a $10,000 speech or more that sells itself.

I like the sells itself because I think that's
what sets me apart. So I'll, I'll make it that one 10 K or more, but the main thing is it sells
itself. No marketing. If, if they don't want to, I mean, if they want to, they can't. So I'm going
to change the marketing issue.

Once I go through E5 and I know what I'm doing, then I'm not going to
have that promise, but for now that's a good one. So your, your promise is earn 10,000 or more by
delivering speech that sells itself. Yeah. And I had it before, even if you've never delivered one
before, it's not too different. Right.

I mean, you could either have that in the thesis or not. We'll definitely have it in the lead. I'm leaving it as it is or more or, or 10,000 speech that sells
itself. I think that sells itself is more compelling and more different and more real
because that's what I do. I know how to work it.

So you don't have to market. I just, um, how about
the, um, anything down here that you had questions about? Okay. So another thing about the thesis is
it's really not, um, the easiest way. I mean, I don't know what is the easiest way.

I don't think
that's like a compelling word. Well, what is it though? What are you, what are you able to prove? Is it the easiest? Is that the fastest?

I mean, is it the most reliable? Is it the most consistent? Is it the most effective? There's some reason it's superior than otherwise you wouldn't do it. You don't do this.

You don't follow the second best protocol for creating a speech. No, I don't think the easiest is like people always say, as soon as they get on the phone with
me, like, this is hard, whatever we're doing, like, they're just shocked. Like they have to think
and be challenged. So if I say easiest, it's not going to make sense to them. So it's not the fastest
way.

I guess it's the most effective, certainly the most effective. That's that I can say easiest
people don't want to think this is, this forces them to really think in a way they've never in their
life. You know, that's what they tell me all the time. That it's like, no one ever asked them to
think so much. Okay.

I changed it to effective. Okay. I'm happy with that. Okay. Now onto the offer
name.

This is the sales implementation call or whatever I'm going to call it, sales strategy. Now, something I noticed when people say they have an implementation call or strategy call is they
never do like nobody. I do because I actually take them through the story and finding their insight
and action step and message and they see how they're going to, but most people don't, you know,
and I'm certainly not going to be able to do a sales implementation call in 20 minutes. It's a two
hour call, but that's my thing. If that's okay, that's really the only way I do it.

Okay. So what are you saying there? There's a, um, I'm saying I really do a sales implementation
call, but what is that? What is a sales implementation call? So they get on the phone
with me and I say, you have two doors to walk through.

You pick one. You can just ask me
questions, you know, hold on, Lisa. Is this a call where you actually sell them your service? Yes. It's a sales call.

So I see you can ask me questions. I'll tell you everything you want to
know or door number two. They always do door number two, which is what I want is I'll take
you right into telling a story, finding your message and showing you exactly where you could
take that. And they always say door number two and they really tell a story. They find their insight
and action step.

They get an idea. I turn that into a message just to show them how that works. Okay. And I, you know, I, and they're just blown away. And since they don't record it,
they can't remember it.

And that usually prompts them to want to work with me. So I have a pretty
good close rate, but it's takes, and then they ask questions about the industry and working with me. And usually it's, it's a two hour experience. It's, I don't book it that way because nobody would
agree to it. In that, in that case, in that case, what I'd like you to do is create a second
sin offer.

Okay. I went through these. I'm, I'm happy with all of these deliverables you have here. Okay. However, the second sin offer, I want that to be about your call.

Right. This is about the call. I just don't, oh, this, this is about the call, but it's not,
it's not really, this is, it's not really about the call. What really happens on the call is
something totally different. I understand.

This is door number one, which no one has ever taken. So door number one, they would ask me questions. And this is what I would say. You get group,
you get individual, you get story coaching. This has never happened.

Door number two is they
actually tell a story. They actually find their insight and action step. They find their message. They see, you know, it's totally not this. This is not the real thing.

Right. So your, your sin offer for your campaign is no longer these deliverables. Okay. These are the deliverables you'll talk about during the call. Not really.

I don't spend much time on the features. Let me finish. Let me finish. What's important is that if you are going to have a sales call
that you get them on in order to sell them something, then that call needs to be what
you're offered. That needs to be the deliverable.

You have one deliverable. It's a sales call and
it has maybe three features, four features. I don't know, but the features are the things you
are going to discuss, the topics you're going to discuss, which are about the 5C method,
because they want the 5C method by the time they get to your sin offer presentation. Well, I'm going to do it. I'm not going to discuss it.

It's not a discussion. They're literally getting coached on the call. They're not getting, we're not discussing. Then that's what you talk about during whatever it is, whatever you're going to be talking about
on the call. Okay, the reality.

Now I'll do it over doing the reality, not the imaginary door number one. The reality. So the reality is deliverable number one as they get coaching on their story. The reality is
deliverable number two. They find their insight, what they learned, you know, and the corresponding
action step.

The reality is I turn that into their message and I pretend on them and deliver
it as a message. So they find out what their message could be, which sometimes it is, sometimes
it isn't. And then they, that's the reality of what's going to happen on the call. Then that's what you describe in the sin offer presentation. Okay.

I have to redo the whole thing. Yes, you're right. Well, I would say redo a second one. This is still good. This, all of this that you have here,
is useful information because this is what you're going to talk about.

I mean, you have
to eventually make them an offer. At the end of the call, then I'll ask them what they want to know about what I do. And
that's when I would say these things. So I do say them in a very condensed version, but
they're usually so excited that they don't ask a whole lot of questions. But yeah, this
is all very helpful.

I'm just, it's not, it's just not really the, what the call looks
like. So I'll just do the sin offer to react. So you do not want your number two. In your campaign, you won't mention any of these deliverables. You'll only mention the
call and the features of the call.

Okay. That's what you sell them. That is the offer. Does that make sense? Yes.

Sure. That makes a lot of sense. Okay. So do you hear some more questions? So I don't
know that I'm going to call my thing, the 5C university, you know, but I do like the idea
of it being a university, you know, or, or something like, you know, Lisa, Jacoby, you,
but not my name since it's impossible.

So just wanted you to know, I'm just stuck that in
there as a place saver. And I'm not even sure I like 5C method. I kind of liked what you
said, which was contrary and persuasion. Although I don't think persuasion is right. Yeah.

I think
that's more interesting than 5C, but I just haven't figured out what to replace the word
persuasion with. So, um, here's some questions just for the form. So, okay. I think now I told
this, I only talked with one person off the top of my head because I didn't know she was going to
sign up. And I told her the first student would be $5,000.

I don't know if she'll remember, but I
would like to run the whole first course for 5,000, not 10,000. Cause I don't, I just don't think
it's going to sell for 10,000. My first run out. I don't want the pressure. So I hope she doesn't
mind.

And, um, yeah, who knows just cause I'm going to contradict that. I said the first student
would be 5,000, but I don't even know there'll be another student or she'll really do it. So I
don't want to like waste all my time thinking about her when she's not that a hundred percent
reliable. She isn't paid yet. Now the, the money back guarantee, I guess, cause they only have one
student.

Like I thought I would give 10 days. I don't know if that's, it's not like in alignment
with Todd's idea that this has to be a great guarantee. It's not a great guarantee. Are you asking me if, um, if it, are you asking me whether you see these are, these are business
decisions on your part. What I will say is that the longer the guarantee, the better, the, the,
the easier it is to convert, but you see that guarantee isn't even going to show up until they
get on the phone with you.

Right. Yeah. So whatever you can sell, you know, um, if you,
if you told them, right. If they, if I sell them without it, I won't even mention it. If I can sell
them, I'll throw the guarantee.

Actually, you're right. I don't need to put it out there. Yeah. Okay. Cause I don't want to, I sometimes give people money back because I can't stand them.

That's
the only reason, but not because of a policy. If I think that they're nutty and difficult and whiny
and negative, I can't take that emotionally. Okay. So now, um, on the form, do you want me to repeat
all the, all the benefits, just copy and paste, copy and paste? Uh, what, what do you mean?

Repeat the
benefits when you get to, when you get on the form and you get down to the section,
it says send off a presentation. So with everything you're getting today, you'll have everything you
need. Now don't see, this is all stuff with this bonus. You get delivery DFW. You don't need here,
all of that stuff that you're seeing.

It's already above. Yeah. Is no, no, no. The, all of the stuff
you're seeing on that form in that template are things that you would use if you were delineating
all of your deliverables in your sent offer presentation. You're not, you're going to be
talking to them on the phone.

You know, the best way to, to sell something over the phone,
right? Oh, I see. You see, don't worry about any of that stuff. All of those wording that is just,
um, like typical wording. If you wanted to try to try to collect 10,000, um, you know, from somebody
pulling out their credit card and paying for that on a website, that's not going to happen.

Right. 5,000, 10,000, whatever the price, if it's over 3,000, they're not going to, they're not going to do
that. You're going to have to get on a call. Yeah. Has a call.

Don't worry about any of that sent
off for presentation. The, what the presentation you're going to make is about the call and that's
it. You just write some pair pair. We can work on the wording. Once you start that, um, I might have
some tips once you, uh, have give me your first draft of that.

But, um, I would say you still want
to use, you still want to have a benefit for each of the topics you discuss. Yes. There is a real
benefit. Yeah. So that's has to be, that's the reality that each one has a completely separate
benefit.

So here's another question. So I only did one competitor analysis and I really started
looking at all my competitors and I think they're great. And at first I was a little upset, but then
I went to this vintage market here in Italy and it was all trash. And I thought, do I want to be in
the trash vintage market? Is that really where I want to live?

Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Or do
I want to be, you know, on Via Tornablone among Gucci and Ferragamo and all those I'd rather, I mean,
people are offering really high level stuff. I'm not sure they're delivering it because I
see that they're not even articulate or educated. Like I just listened to an economist this morning.

Well, see, you're, you're, you're doing your job. You're looking at your competitors and you're
creating an offer that's superior. Yeah. I'm going to steal all their promises and ideas that I can. I am all sphere and love warrant art and business.

Um, so, but I'm not sure. I listened to like a whole
call on my number one, I thought best competitor of their team because there's looking for a salesperson. So they did a podcast with their team and one of them can't even put two sentences together. She can't even pronounce words. I mean, they're, they're dummies.

Yeah. And they're writing speeches. Well, they don't write the speech. That's where they teach you how to be a speaker and they help
you with your speech, but none of them, like I, I'm just going to change my word. I called them
illiterate before, but that's not nice.

So they're just not intellectual. You know, they're really not. And they're, I just listened to a podcast by an intellectual this
morning. I mean, it was just a pleasure, you know, to hear his ideas, how well thought out they were
and to hear how he presented them. So I didn't see any of my competitors that were what I would call
intellectuals, you know, that could speak well and that were educated and knowledgeable
about almost anything.

They all said awesome and super. And that was the end of the adjectives. Awesome and super. Yeah. So this is why I think I have a chance, even though they have
phenomenal programs, you know, some of them are, you know, top speakers and Toastmaster award winners.

And I'm just hoping that what I have, I know in the industry, people told me they heard I was
brilliant. That's, you know, I was amazed, you know, that people that I stood out and I had a strong
reputation because I never did any written marketing that people told me they heard of me,
but I'm just hoping I can stand out in the Via Tornoboni. You know, that's the fancy street,
because these are big, fancy programs by good people. I don't think they themselves could help
people with what I'm going to help people with, which is the speech writing, because I don't think
that they're, they've made their money so much on great writing as great delivery. And it, or maybe
their audiences are all into the super and awesome.

And, and, and maybe I'm wrong, but I don't think
so. Cause you know, my results have shown that. That's, that's, that's lazy. That's lazy. Well, it's a, it's a very, you know, if I think once, so here's my question.

So I really feel like
I want to sit down and do a thorough competitor analysis. I only did one and really look at all
those promises and make sure I'm making the same ones and that they're not seeing something really
juicy and appealing and I'm not offering it. I want that on my menu, you know, to the extent that
I can, a lot of them are doing things I can't do. Yeah. I was going to say that to the extent that
you can, there's certain things you don't want to do anymore, obviously.

No, no. And, well,
nobody's writing speeches, so I don't need to, to, I'm not competing on that, but like they do things
like one of them guarantees, they give them 300 leads and they guarantee them that they'll book at
least one in six months, or I guess they get their money back, but I could get 300 leads. It's easy
enough, but I'm not going to sit and do it. They have a team of people, you know, that do this
stuff, but it's no big deal. You just go on to association market in that person's state and
that's it.

It's no big deal, but it sounds good. Right. I don't know. I'm not going to do those
time consuming things unless I could find an assistant, you know, somewhere down the line to
do that cheap enough, which is hard to do, even though they say there's unemployment. I never see anyone
who wants to do anything.

I'm always looking for people to help me. I don't know where the
unemployment is. All right. So those are my questions. So if you want to just give me any,
any other feedback, that would be great.

Those are every one of my questions, but I want to take the
time to go through the, this is the question. I want to do a full competitor analysis. I think my
competitors are smart and have good ideas. And then I'm going to populate the stuff I'm taking
from them into my unique mechanism. You know, I want to take at least, I would say you're that's
overkill.

Don't, don't, you don't, you don't have to, as a matter of fact, when you look at,
when you look at your competitors, there are things that you do want to get from them,
do want to copy from them. And there's things that you want to do different. Absolutely. Yeah. There's things I don't, that I do my own way, but there are things they do,
which I think I should offer.

Yeah. You're the, the reality is Lisa, that when you,
you do speeches your way, because in your mind, it's the superior way you don't do the second. I only want to steal their language. I don't want to steal. I just think they've articulated
things well and promise that you can certainly do, which I never thought about, like as a big deal.

Like to me, they're saying things that are just second nature to me. I never put in words because
I never had to sell that hard. Okay. Yeah. Then I'm, I'm, I'm, I agree with you a hundred percent.

Yeah. They're making promises that I deliver that I didn't even think about as a big deal. Like, but I'm like, you know, um, it's like, I'm looking in a mirror and seeing what I'm doing. When you see promises that they're making chances are that they've discovered that those are desires
of their prospects. Absolutely.

Yeah. They've done the market research. Like they're smart people. They know how to market. I think I know how to deliver.

I've never marketed. So this is all new. That's why they are way ahead of me in the marketing. I'm not sure any of their programs
deliver, like they say, but certainly they're, they've got, you know, marketing teams that work
at this. So why not leverage the work they've all done to articulate things that I do without even
thinking about it?

Got it. Yeah. I'm with you. A hundred percent. That's a smart thing to do.

In fact, you should do that from now on. Yeah. Always keep your, your, your thumb on the pulse
of your market. Right. Yes.

You had one more question. This is the last one. Okay. So they're
all with the awesome and the super, they're kind of like the millennial mindset if they're not even
that young now that's so not me. So I have a feeling that, um, based on reality that I'm not
going to get the Derek's and the Tiffany's and, you know, I'm going to get the, um, people from my
generation and my age.

And that's been the case. So I'm just wondering somewhere down the road,
if that isn't something I should say, like, just like I told you, I wanted to work with Todd. Cause
he's like from my culture, my age bracket, you know? Yeah. Well, I don't want to work with
someone who is just from a different world that I totally don't relate to at all.

Then that's what we'll talk about. We'll talk about that during the marketing argument. That's
where that goes. Yeah. When you, when you say words that are going to turn off, uh, who did you say
the Tiffany and the Derek?

Yeah. Yeah. Um, when you say words that turn those guys off, um, then
that's, that's a proper place for that. Um, the marketing argument, right? So, well, I'm, I'm not,
I don't want to turn them off as much as turn on people like me, like by being speaking the way
people are from my time speak like Todd, like he sounds like someone that I grew up with.

I like
those people. I don't like millennials that much. I mean, they're fun and all, but I don't think I
could, um, day in and day out be with people that use two adjectives. It just drives me nuts. Awesome.

You're killing me. Okay. Thanks so much. You're welcome. All right.

Lisa, uh, uh, toe,
you still there? Michael, I'm here. Okay. Let's look at your website. First of all,
you said you didn't like this website.

What don't you like about it? Um, what don't I like? I find
there's a lot of stuff happening. Yeah. Okay.

Why do you think that's bad? Um, not fully focused. Okay. All right. But you have, you actually have a lot of
services, right?

And you actually, uh, see that's what there's a different, I want you to understand
something. There's a big, big, big difference between your website homepage and a marketing
campaign. It's a night and day, completely different. Right. And you see people need to
have a place to go to understand, um, your philosophy, your values, all the services that
you provide, uh, information where they can contact you.

Um, all of this stuff that you have
here is fine. I don't think you should spend at right now, anytime changing this. Um, if you want
to, uh, to, uh, like, here's the thing, if you, if you create an ad that send people to this
homepage, you're right, you're right. It is, there's a lot you're saying here. It's all over
the place, but that's what homepages are for.

You see, if you had only one service, right? And if
your one service was, was that you were a financial, um, consultant, then yeah, I would
make this page all about financial consulting and about you and about the benefits of using
you and the features of the things that you provide for them in your consulting. That would
be, that's definitely something, something I would do, but that's not all you do. You do
bookkeeping, payroll, taxation, tax planning, business advisory. Uh, you know what I mean?

There are a lot of things you do. And so this is fine. You even have a white paper on, on business
growth. Um, I'm, I'm not sure perhaps that could be more focused around, um, finance. I I'm guessing,
but I'm still fine with it.

Okay. The, the, the bottom line is you're talking about a lot of,
you're showing your expertise here. And that comes out here. It's just a well-designed page. It's very attractive.

We specialize in bookkeeping taxation. You got find out more now. Now watch this. If I come down here to tax planning and I click on this button. Um, now this would be a good place to put an E5 campaign about tax planning, your specific, um,
method about how it's different and better than the other, uh, accountants when they do strategic
tax planning for people, you have a different approach, a more, a superior approach.

If that were the case, and this would be a good place for an E5 campaign. Right. But, um,
so like right now you you're, we're going to create a campaign about how you are, um, a good
consultant, right? You want to be, this is about your consulting services, your business consulting
services, correct? Yeah.

So like that, that'd be like business advisory, right? Now, when you click
on this button on your homepage, now it would come over here to an E5 campaign about your, um,
consulting services, right? And that's what we're going to work on together. Then that would be,
I mean, this is, even this is fine. You have business advisory services include this, that,
that, that, all of these things.

I would say if it's missed, the only thing it's missing may be, um,
benefits like these are features, right? Personalized business growth strategies. Well,
what's the benefit of that? What are they, what's the big payoff? What's the results they get from your
personalized business growth strategies?

Yeah. You might want to include that in here,
you know, like coaching and mentoring pricing structures. Like if you're going to help somebody
with pricing structures, so what, what are they, what's the big payoff that they get? Maybe put that
or like, I might say pricing structures so that, you know, um, so that you, you, uh, your offers are
more appealing and you get more customers or I don't know. I don't know what, I don't know what
the, uh, actual benefit would be, but you see, I, if anything, I would add, um, I would add benefits
to this, to some of what you're doing.

Uh, so many people, they, uh, let's look at this one here,
bookkeeping and payroll. So yeah, GST services, GST adjustments. Um, what's the benefit of,
what are they, what's the payoff that they get if they, if they take you up on your GST advice and GST,
um, adjustment services, right? Yes. So what?

Um, so the government ATO, uh, will not penalize them. Yeah, exactly. It put the, so that you could put that here. I mean, it would make these bullets
longer, but who cares? They're seeing benefits.

I would change. That's the, those are the only
things I would change on your webpage. And I would have more benefits here, right? Like, see, look at
this. We educate our process better, helps you better understand the numbers and become financially
literate.

So you're equipped to make better financial decisions for your business. That's a
good benefit, right? Um, no, we're flexible. I see. We practice what we preach.

See, this is about you. This is about you. This is about you. We genuinely care. That's about you.

Uh, so this is stuff about
you. Um, but that's fine. You're still talking about yourself. The homepage is the appropriate
place for what you have here. Okay.

I, if anything, like you have stronger cashflow, bigger profits,
more time to grow your business. That's a great promise. Right? So if what I can do is I can go
through this and make, make, um, uh, maybe look, find some specific areas where you can add, um, benefits
where that, where it's kind of missing. I'll do that for you.

Um, but I wouldn't spend thousands of
dollars with, with, with, for a whole new webpage. This one's fine. This one's fine. If someone comes
here, if, if I'm coming here and I need tax help, right. Um, so like, is there anything on this that
that, that, that will tell me, Oh yeah.

See tax, um, uh, pay too much tax. Um, you know what I mean? I'm fine. I'm fine. I'll go all kinds of stuff on here.

Tax planning, taxation, and accounting. So, okay. All right. So what's your phone number? I'll call you.

That's, that's what your homepage
is supposed to do. Yep. Right. So this is fine. I wouldn't, I wouldn't kill yourself over this at
all.

Um, the, the, the campaign we're going to create on the other hand is for, is that that's
where you're going to send traffic to? Right. I wouldn't say, and another thing you were, you
were talking about sending ads to this page. Anytime you have a homepage, a homepage that
you send traffic to, it's kind of a waste of money. Right.

Unless somebody is looking for
the exact thing you're looking. So if somebody is looking for bookkeeping and you have a Google
link, you know, a Google ad, um, for bookkeeping and they click on it and they come here and they
say, okay, um, let's see, what is she? Okay. All right. Don't worry.

Uh, why consider, okay,
this is a lot of good stuff here. All right. I'll give her a call. That's basically what you're
getting. The alternative is you have an ad in Google for bookkeeping.

And then it goes to an
E five campaign that educates them about some problem they're having. And then it says, you
know, uh, then you say, hi, my name's toe. Give me a call. Um, here's my phone number, or here's a
schedule, schedule a call with me. And we'll talk about a and B and C.

And these are the great
things that that will do for you. Right. And so that gets them on the phone, uh, an E five
campaign. Do you see the difference? One in one case, they click on a link and they come
here and they discover you and your business.

Right. In the other case, they could click on
an ad and it goes to an E five campaign and you solve a problem for them. And then you offer
a call. Do you see how those are different? Yes.

So, so my question is now, what's the point
of having a website if it's not sending traffic to the website and make use of it? Yeah. So have you sent traffic to this website before? Um, not, not this website previously at
the website. I have in the traffic, but I'm, I'm just wondering, you know, like, yeah,
so, um, we're not using the website and I saw, I would, I would say, um, for local, for local
advertising, um, like in your, in, in Australia, in your town, um, typically local advertising in
Google is less expensive than, uh, cause you're, you're, it's a small geographical area.

So you win
bidding, uh, for those easier, but, um, uh, what's the point of doing that? I would say, uh,
it's for people. Do you, do you remember when, have you ever watched Todd talk about the prospect
awareness pyramid? Uh, yes. Uh, and the five step is that the unaware problem, the web problem,
the solution, the most aware.

Yeah. So for people who are most aware, you don't need an E5 campaign. All you need is this. Um, as long as the, as long as like, like here, stronger cashflow, bigger profits,
more time to grow your business. Um, if you had an ad for a tax help and you sent it to this page,
I would change this headline.

Oops. I would change the headline to be about tax help. Right. Because otherwise, because otherwise, then that, then what happens there,
they're, they're already looking for tax help. They don't need an E5 campaign to teach them that
they need tax help.

They don't, they don't need that because they already know. They know they have
the problem. They know there's accountants out there. They know that's what they want. So you,
you sent, uh, you send a, um, you have an, an email.

I'm sorry. You have a Google ad for an accountant,
um, to help with tax problems or whatever, or, and then they come here. And if you have the headline
about whatever the ad was, then that, that would mean that would be, um, that would help your
conversions for sure. But those people, they're already, they're ready to call somebody. They want
to call somebody.

They need tax help right now. They're ready to call somebody. So they come here,
they see, they see, uh, okay. She's, um, she's neat. She's clean.

She's attractive. She's got a,
uh, a good promise here. Okay. I'm going to call worst case. They might look around for some more things
to, to find out about you, but yeah, this looks very professional.

This is a very professional
looking website. Now, if, if they have, if the, if the ad were about, um, like, uh, get the IRS off
your back, the, the, the, uh, the secret to getting the IRS off your back, click here, and then they click
and they go to, um, uh, an E5 campaign that teaches them about the best way to use documents that the,
the, the IRS hides in plain sight that would give them an advantage to, um, dealing with them. Right. You know what I'm saying? Then you teach them that and you give them a phone number and then they call
you.

Then that you're actually solving a problem that warms them up. That makes them like you a little
bit more. That makes them realize that, yeah, you know what you're talking about. You're an authority
about this, right? You're an expert.

So the conversions are even higher. So at the moment with the website, we don't do anything for now, not sending traffic or anything. No, no, I wouldn't do anything. If you, if you decide to run an ad to this, I would make,
I would change your headline to match whatever the ad is about. If it's about bookkeeping, make
this a bookkeeping headline.

If it's about tax, make this a tax headline. If your ad is about, um,
payroll, make this a payroll headline. You know what I mean? You know what I'm saying? Whatever
ad you choose to send to this, I would change the headline, but that's it.

Are you able to do this
yourself or do you have to pay somebody to do it for you? Um, probably web developer because I try to
log in and I cannot find where is the head, the headline is to change. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah.

So that's, that's what, that's what I would do. But I think for now to keep things simple,
because I have a lot of training and homework to do, um, to keep it simple, probably I leave the
website, do nothing. I'm focused more on get the E5 campaign on and the, uh, landing page so that we
can push it out and do a test run from there. Yeah. I don't think we are in a perfect action.

It's just,
you know, improving as it's goal. My main thing is just push the thing out, you know, like, um, what
Wolf say something about imperfect action challenge. I like that term, you know, just getting out. Yeah. Yeah.

That's what I, now, if you, um, I would say if you are anxious about getting like right now,
you were saying that right now is a critical point or isn't a, um, there, there's actually a lot of
people. Yes. Yeah. So if you wanted to run ads to this, this page for now, I would make sure that your
ad and this headline, at least this headline, um, were, were, um, were matching, you know, they were, uh,
congruent with each other. Yeah.

And if you want, what I can do is I can, I can, um, I can talk to
John Mulry. He's our expert about running ads and, and, you know, he's really a very good marketer as
well. I can tell him what's going on and he can talk to you directly about a possible combination of
an ad and this, uh, headline here, or maybe even the sub headline, you know, some things you might
want to change on this page. Right. If you, if you, if you were doing that, um, but I wouldn't,
I, this is, this is a well-constructed homepage.

I really like it. I like the colors. Um,
I like, I like that you talk about the, the, the things that you do, right. Um, I like that you
talk about, uh, the kind of accounting that you do and how it's a better way. You know what I mean?

Um, I haven't gone through this quiz, but, um, like, does this
I'm just asking questions though, Chris, it's supposed to be people do the quiz and then, um,
answer the question and we'll try to follow up. Okay. Okay. You know, that we, for discovery call. Uh-huh.

Yeah. Because what I was thinking is that although it takes season, but I'm focusing on business
that want to do, you know, like company tax return or business tax return and some consultant work. How do you, how do you even take this quiz? I did a test run before I can. Maybe the software stopped up then.

It wasn't that this before there
was no star. Something is wrong with the website. I have to check again. Okay. And what does this pop up here?

This is, this is the quiz itself. Yeah. Um, I'm not, I can't click on anything. This looks like, yeah, some, your, your quiz is broken. Okay.

I'm going to check with the web developer again. Yeah. Say, you know, what's, what's up with this quiz? Um, but this is a, this is a good, uh, good, uh, good, good webpage. You got your trust seals down here.

Guarantee. See our reviews. See more reviews. There we go. Oh, I see.

You click on it and another call this today. How can we help? Let's see where this goes. It seems kind of slow, but that may be where it's hosted or something. Yeah.

So for example, I'm clicking on, um,
like, how can we help? And nothing's happening. I'm clicking on here. So just make sure it works, you know, make sure everything works. Like call us
today.

If I click that, I should be able to, um, make a call. Like if I come up here and if I click on this,
uh, people supposed to call, not click. Okay. It's not working. Um, that they don't put in that option.

Yeah. So sometimes, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I would say, uh, there, there looks like it's, um, some of these things are not functioning
properly. Can I ask you why is that happening?

Because, um, now and then I pick up that the
website, there always something not function that, that was working and now it stopped working. Yeah. It seems that every few months I pick, you know, I come across something that it
keeps me fixing all the time. Oh, I see. I see.

It wasn't the first time this happened
at least five times now of, you know, just minor thing that it not work. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is that to do with their website, the way they're developing it or is that the whole thing?

Um, I, I think it's the, uh, the actual code, the way they, that, what they, what they, how they created
it. I don't want to keep, go back to them to fix it and then keep having problem. Is there anyone
that, um, that can solve the problem, fix all this? Yeah. Okay.

So I'll tell you what I'll,
there's a, um, let me look at something here. Well, I'm glad, glad you brought this up. Yeah. Because last time it was the speed very slow. So I, I contacted the developer
and I fixed it.

They told me now the speed is really fast. Hmm. Wow. Let me see what time when Teddy's next call is. Actually, I'd like to do that.

That's going to choke my computer. Hold on. No, I can't do that either. Wednesday at 6am. Tech call.

Oh, tech call. Okay, good. I'm glad you saw that. If you get on that call and, um, talk to Teddy
and ask him what you can do about this. He's an expert.

Yeah. He'll have the answers for you. Yeah. I, I imagine you probably, I would get a different web developer. I, first of all,
this is a great design.

I like the way it looks. I like what's on it, but some of the things don't work. So I'm concerned about that. Yeah. And
it shouldn't happen because I pay quite a lot of money, you know?

Yeah. This website. And how much was this? Probably about seven, uh, over 8,000. And then plus a copyright.

I had someone else. So total
so far over 13k. Yeah. Yeah. But you know, it's really good.

It's, it's, it's, it's well done. Like I'm looking at, um,
like tax planning, the site, which we think tax planning is not the same thing as taxation. What's the difference? Yeah. Yeah.

So here's what I'm going to do. Let's, let's attack this from two different fronts. Number one, I'm going to go through this and I'm going to look at where your copy can probably have
more, um, uh, benefits instead of features. Okay. That's number one.

And number two,
I want you to talk to Teddy on his call and say, Hey, look, here's my website. There's a lot of stuff
that's not working. What should I do? Who should I call? Um, and really someone should be able to,
for a small fee, not thousands of dollars, but take what you have here and the suggestions I make
and create another page.

You don't, it's not that many pages. You have one, two, three,
four different pages for your services. You've got prices. Um, so these are different packages you have. Yeah.

That's what I was thinking for the business
advisory. What does this look like on mobile? Oh, not too bad. Um, yeah, I, I don't know. That's what you need to talk to Teddy about.

I don't know if it's worth fixing this or just creating a new
one, um, um, from scratch, but copying this one. Um, I mean, there are people who can do that for
like a lot less expensive than not 13,000. Um, because you already have, there's nothing really,
there's nothing really, um, um, I mean, you don't have any, any sort of like, um, uh, what it, when I'm,
what's the word I'm looking for? You know, you don't have any dynamic things happening here,
you know, like special pop-ups for filling in, uh, their, their web address. You don't have, um,
um, like special ads or special timers, or it, it's just simple.

What is it? It's pretty. It's a very
simple website, um, about us, about toe. Okay. Yeah, this is fine.

This is for a website about you and about your company. This is fine. It just,
a lot of things are broken on it. And I, I don't know if I'd go back to the, how much is it? If,
if you're like, if you're web designer, if you said, Hey, I want you to fix this button
and fix this button and fix this button.

And he'll say, well, those are not buttons. Maybe
they look like buttons to me, but if they're not. Now, normally we can click it because I, when I approve the website, I check every single thing
include picture or something, everything work. And then after a few months, I pick up something
doesn't work. I contact him.

So he doesn't chat me, but I keep contact him over. Well, this website
was one or two years old now. Yeah. So, uh, so he doesn't charge you for the repairs now. He doesn't charge me.

Okay. Then I would make him fix it. I would make him fix everything that's
broken. Yeah. But again, later on, you know, it's supposed not to when something is working.

So I don't know. I know, I know, I know, but I'm going to check again and then ask him to fix it. Yeah. Yeah. So before, before you talk to him, talk to Teddy.

Yes. And say, this is, here's what's going on. Here's my page. It'll work for a month
and then it'll stop working. It loads slowly.

What do you suggest I do? And he'll have some ideas. Mm-hmm. And this is, um, I think, uh, let's see here. Is this, let's see.

Control U. Uh, it'll work for you. I do. Yeah. Mm.

Mm. yeah i would let let let teddy look at this and um tell you what he would what he would do
yeah what he you could definitely i mean you could have the guy fix it
that's certainly something you can do um and that might be the smartest thing to do
um but as far as the design and the layout i like it thanks i like it and i like the words
i i would say you could probably stand for a few more benefits here and there
right but other than that man i wouldn't i wouldn't change this thing but we'll have a
landing page for your e5 campaign that we're going to do together right and i know you got to
have like a one month clock ticking so um let's let's just maximize use me use teddy as much as
possible okay and let's get this this campaign going uh for you um does that make sense yes
thanks so um this wednesday 6 a.m per time i will lock on to this call with that okay and then um i
will waiting for your suggestion about the improvement okay more benefits yeah yeah and
in the meantime i do the homework and send it to you yeah that's correct perfect that's all and as
soon as you send it to me i'll look at it and quickly and we'll try to get this done quickly
but i'll quickly tell you um what what you should what you should do or if we should get on another
call okay yes i'm i'm doing um step one now so hopefully i'm i'm hoping i should be finished by
tomorrow because i hope and a few hours just go into amazon and what the uh what did.com to look at a
review copy and paste yeah yeah okay thank you very much for your help michael you're welcome i'm happy
to do it thank you oh yeah another thing i want to check with you you know when i was on zoom i i did
attach one with other people how come my all my face are green color the background everything become
green is that not enough lighting or something uh you mean oh oh i see um well can i see can you show
me your your camera now um not at the moment okay it could be if it's if everything is green sometimes
the reason that happens is that uh do you have a lot of fluorescent lights where you are no no because
i think it's a bit dark not not enough light maybe it could be um it could be the camera
um it could be the camp like i have a i have a like this is not a laptop i'm using it's a desktop
and i have a little um microsoft camera that i set on top of the screen um so and do you put in a light
shine into your face or something so you know but i have one just in case i'll show you what that looks
like actually sometimes i'll do that uh-huh you know and does it look okay it it brightens it up a
little bit yeah my my uh i i don't have a proper outfit the thing i haven't set up that's why i'm not
on the video for now yeah okay on off yeah on
my problem is i've got this big window over here and it's just so much light you know
and a lot of times my face will look dark because the camera thinks it's so bright here it'll make
everything else dark so that's why i have this light here to to brighten my face up a little bit
when that happens especially at night uh sometimes uh for some reason there's just not enough light
everything is just kind of grainy and doesn't look good you know i i don't i don't really care so much
because i'm not trying to build branding or anything with my with my beautiful face
i've got a face i've got a face made for radio right so i don't i don't i don't i'm not i don't
care about all of the uh the camera gear and the lighting and all of that stuff and you can see my room
is kind of a mess back here i got stuff everywhere yeah so the ladder you have just a normal light is that
correct yeah as a matter of fact here's here's a light inside my room okay it's nothing it's just
a light bulb inside a chinese lantern and then of course i've got this my window yeah okay in paris
that's the only lighting oh wow a lot of it is the a lot of it's a bright sunny day so it's not so bad
bad plus plus plus the wall like behind like right behind that my screen that i'm looking at and my
camera right behind that is a big wall and it's white so a lot of light hits that wall and that
kind of that's where the light on my face is coming from it's that wall it's bouncing off that wall you
know but that that light in the that i showed you the chinese lantern there's not much light there
because um you know at night um like my wife doesn't like it really bright nobody likes it
really bright at night you know you're trying to relax and stuff so it's it's a very dim light
i could never use that for video so most of the lights coming from this bright window back here
it's hitting the wall and then that bounces onto my face and i have this extra thing that i do
every now and then if i feel like it that's it okay yeah i will try to set up my um
um i place that look a bit better than i can zoom in not now maybe later on okay
test run the green stuff in the background yeah yeah we're friends here i don't care what your video
looks like okay um so that hope that makes sense about your web page i'll come up with some suggestions
for for your um copy and it's fine it's pretty it's pretty good the copywriter did a good job
but what a lot of copywriters do is they concentrate on features and i think that was done a little bit
too much and i just want to add some benefits right um and you might have to actually come up with the
benefits because i'm not sure i don't know the financial um market as well as you do so there
might be some good benefits excuse me oh there might be some good benefits that you might think of
that would be better than what i would think of right because you know your customers better than i do
okay yeah
so i think yeah
i think that's all for now okay
and um yeah talk to teddy and i'll get on this and then start on those worksheets let's get this
campaign done yep okay sounds good nice talking to you to have a good week yeah you too okay then
thank you thank you all right okay see you then bye bye bye
Filty do you think he's gonna be doing that first month all uh k
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you.
