---
title: "Foundations  2022-03-07 07:59:49"
date: 2022-03-07
duration: 1h 27m
duration_seconds: 5270
vimeo_id: 685389955
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations  2022-03-07 07:59:49

**Date:** 2022-03-07 | **Duration:** 1h 27m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Hey. How's it going this morning? Good.

I'm back. You're back. Yes. Excellent. Yeah, hold on a second.

Let me check something. Yes. I think I talked to support about pausing you or something, or did you do that as well? I did that as well. I did that as well with Steve, and then you said Steve isn't with you guys anymore.

Yeah, yeah. That's why I kind of bummed. Yeah. So, all right. So, I'm going to make sure.

So, you're back now. I'm going to make sure that they actually did pause you for one thing so that you get all this time. So, how are things going? So, I sent you just before I went, I sent in another couple of pages and emails to your system. That must have been February, I don't know, 20, 21, 22, something like this.

I delayed my departure a little bit because I caught Corona. Oh, no. So, I sent it, and then I wrote, now I'm off to vacation. And so, that's where we're at. That's what I wanted to touch base with you today.

Okay. So, let me look at what you sent me to me last. Oh, the last things you were sending me were the emails that you, like for that page, that bridge page. Yes. All of those emails and stuff like that.

Yes. And the other pages, like the bridge page itself, the survey and the training and all of that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

And I responded to that stuff, right? Or did I not? I think I didn't hear, like there was some, but not when it was finished or so. Okay. Like I sent that email with all the links and then.

Okay. Yeah. So, yeah. Did you want to talk about that? Is there something specific you want to talk about this morning?

Actually, not. I didn't yet connect back to all of it. So, actually, no, there wasn't something specific. There was just more, you know, like how is this and what are my next steps? Like, okay.

And my major question then would be how do I create the, like an email campaign to even introduce this? Okay. Okay. Yeah. So, for an email, since this is, okay.

So, there's a couple of ways to go. I want you to understand that if this, if you're approaching this from a minimum viable funnel standpoint and you want to do that to, so that you test the message and make sure the messaging is good and you make sure that your big idea is good and the headline is good. So, then what you do is, like in your email, when you send it to your email list at first, it's all about presenting your idea, right? And saying, you know, big idea, big idea. For more information, click here because I, you know, I talked all about it.

And, of course, you skip the traffic captivation page if it's to your own list. You know what I mean? So, really what happens is the email itself sort of replaces the traffic captivation page, the opt-in page. So, you want to test your big idea. So, and how you write that is up to you.

But what you don't want to do is, like, put your lead in the email or you don't want to put your, like, any, like, benefits or any of that kind of stuff. You really, for testing your message, you want it to be all about the big idea, get them really curious. And then, you know, here's the link. So, that way, the email itself, you know, the open rates and the click rates sort of replace the opt-in page for testing the big idea. And then, you know, other than that, there's really not, the sky's the limit on writing emails.

But it's just mostly get them curious about the idea and then let the sales page do all the heavy lifting, right? So, shall I, because what I see that Todd did, you know, several times, like, kind of sending some teasers without any links. And then, on Thursday or whenever, I'll, you know, I'll make this available or I'll share this training. Shall I do something like this or just write emails with all the... Yeah, you could do that or, listen, it doesn't, for your list, it really, you have to know your list, right?

Because you know how you're talking to them and how you're engaging with them. You know what I mean? Different things engage with different lists, different ways, I guess, is what I'm trying to say. It's really hard. If it's a cold audience, you know, like, if you're going to Facebook traffic or YouTube traffic, then you want to be very bare bones about the big idea and the promise and the mechanism all in, you know what I mean?

And not try to contaminate that. But with your list, I mean, it's how warm is the list? Is it a cold list? Is it a warm list? How do you usually, you know, engage with them?

You want to maintain that. So it's kind of hard to say, like, here's the right way to email your list about your minimum viable funnel, right? I'm probably not helping right now. Yeah, it gives me some ideas. Yeah, it's if you typically do what Todd does, you know, with I'm going to talk about this, I'm going to talk about this, I'm going to, and then boom, you hit him with it.

I mean, he's really. That's just the way he does. That's what he's used to doing with with his list. And, yeah, it works fine. You know, it builds up curiosity.

You could certainly do that. Or you could just start right off with an email, a series of emails with a link in each one. Doesn't it really. There's no right or wrong way. For everyone, it kind of depends on.

OK. Your list, right? So. OK. I mean, that makes sense, right?

Yeah, it does. So I'll just. So there is not a specific training or something about it, right? No, not on this. No.

Other than what's in the normal E5, you know, when you're first testing. Test a portion of your email list. Unless it's a small email list. Like if you only have a couple of thousand or something, then you would do it to the whole list. Right.

Or because you're trying to get at least 100 people to see your. Yeah, I have some 600 people. So it's really small. Or but but it's something. Yes.

So that's small. So you would you'd send this to your entire list and only the leads. Not obviously you wouldn't send it to people who are already customers. But I mean, this is a new program. So nobody's.

Yeah, there are some some customers. But yeah, that's OK. Yeah. Yeah. So just skip those few and this email the entire list.

OK, because if you got I mean, if you got like a 20 percent open rate, that's like 120 people. And if, you know, 20 percent of those. Click, click through, you know, now you're looking to like 24 people. Right. So 25 people.

So it's not you want to try to do what it would do, whatever it takes to get 100 people to see your sales page, you know. But if you don't want to contaminate the data, just keep those emails all about the big idea. OK. OK. And so right now I see that like 44 people have watched the videos in the last 30 days.

But the thing is, maybe that was also me and my co-founder and you. And so. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So how do I know? Like, shall I then just measure it from from now, from when people start?

Yeah. If you what I do, if possible. And this sometimes depending on the platform, you have to call support or whatever. Say, look, I want to reset all the analytics in my funnel. Sometimes they don't give you that option.

Unless you. I can say that it's from today. I can. And you can do that. You can say, OK, from this date to that date.

What are the conversions? So. But it's kind of hard if you try to look at over all time, the whole time it's been running. It is kind of contaminated up at the front where you're testing and you're sharing it and that sort of thing. So.

Yeah. OK. That's what we have right now. Yeah. Because I know I've watched it at least two times.

So, I mean, out of those 40, you know, that's a it's a pretty big percentage, you know, statistically. And I did and I did from a couple of devices to, you know, check out how it looks. And and so it's it was written in the stats that 44 percent, you know, only watch the first four minutes or so. But that's really because I clicked. And I guess that was me and my co-founder, I guess, as well.

And yeah, and I probably watched just the lead portion, you know, where he's talking. I've I probably watched that five, six times. You know what I mean? I watched. That's the most important for me.

The lead, man, you really want to nail them. You really want to get them excited about the mechanism. And so I typically will go through those several times just to evaluate that part. It felt like, as I recall, there was it felt like he was reading. You could kind of tell he was reading it during parts of it.

But it was fine. I didn't. I mean, I liked it. Delete. Yeah.

Yeah. So that that's that's how I contaminated your data. No, that's OK. I'll just start measuring from today or so. Yeah.

So do you have any feedback about the emails I sent you or the pages I sent you or I like
them all there? They're all fine for. Listen, that's why, like for minimum viable funnel purposes, I really like it bare bones
because I don't want to wonder, OK, did they did they click because of all these benefits
that all this extra stuff? You know what I mean? I worry about that.

But for you, I think it's fine. I mean, I didn't I didn't I didn't dislike anything you had on the page. Like if it were a final campaign, it looks good. It looks professional. It looks polished.

It's compelling. The only thing I like I said, for minimum viable funnel, I like it ugly. Because I want to know how I want. See, I usually put those things up really fast. You know, I'll just create a video text.

I'll put it up on a page and I'll see what it does. And I don't worry about all the stuff. And and when you do that, there's nothing else to compel anybody to click anything because
that, you know, so that's if anything. So my job now is to to bring how many 100 or 300. How much do we say?

Yeah. So, yeah, if you've if if you want to watch Todd has a a piece of training about this,
about exactly what you're asking me right now. And hold on. I just I want to refresh my memory of what it's titled. It's called.

Evaluating front end campaign performance. OK, so in that course, it's only three videos. Right. It's pretty short, but he gets into all the numbers and everything we're talking about. So, OK, I mean, big picture wise, you run it and you just look at ROI.

And that's it. That's like the only number you need to look at. If that's good, just back away slowly. Don't touch it. Right.

But then if it's not, then you can dig in and look at the individual numbers. And he talks about all the numbers in there. So to answer your question, you want to before before you adjust or optimize anything, you want to have enough data about it. And that means at least a minimum of 100 people seeing it. Yeah.

Right. So like if 100 people see your opt in page and you're sending it to your list. So let's say 100 people see your sales page. And, you know, they all they all watch it, but they get about halfway through. Right.

So you're not going to try to optimize or adjust your offer because nobody's seen it. Right. You know what I mean? So you would look at the performance of the lead and say, OK, I need to work on this and look at where they're dropping off and try to focus on that part of the marketing argument. And you know what I mean?

So but ultimately, see, you have a small list. So unless you get 100 people. You may not have you may not like if you get no sales. Don't let that be an indicator that you have a bad message because there's just not enough. There may not be enough data.

You know, I would say probably. With 100 people seeing your sales page, typically a quarter of them get all the way through. Right. I mean, that's sort of the average I've been seeing. Even with Todd stuff, you know, about a quarter of them get all the way to the end of the video.

And so. I know if that if that number means anything to you, but. Yeah. OK. Sorry.

So I will. Yeah. So, you know, get these 100 people, even with ads. Right. What's that?

Even if I like even also to I'll run some ads to see, you know, how people like to bring people to the page. It will just be a little different. Yeah. So the reason we test with our list first is because it's free. You know, you don't have to pay for anything.

But once you start using cold traffic, reset all or start from there, reset all your analytics or start, you know, start from new cold, cold, cold, cold analytics, cold data. Because it's a warm audience and cold audience. You want to know, you know, how the cold audience is doing. So you don't let the warm audience data. So I shouldn't be doing it at the same time.

But not be doing at the same time. No. So, but it might take longer than. Well, I mean, when you send it to your list, you'll know within a few days. Right.

If you have a three day campaign or just a single email or whatever, like you'll know within a few days, if you get 100 people to see it, then you'll know. Oh, wow, this is this is really good. If you get 2% conversion rate, like 2% of the people who see your sales page, if 2% of those convert, you're ready for cold traffic. Right. That's that is Todd.

And Todd will say two to 3%. But if you have 2% conversion with your list, you're ready for cold traffic. You're ready to start a cold traffic test. In your case, if you don't, don't let that be an indicator that you should not run cold traffic, that your campaign is no good because it's you make there may not be enough data. So.

Start new, start fresh, new, new, not a new funnel or anything, but data, new data, because. Really, once your campaign is over to your list, they're not going to typically not going to go there. You might get a few stragglers that might click and see it like weeks later or something. But really, I wouldn't worry about that. Just go ahead and use the same funnel, all the same pages and everything, and send that to cold traffic.

I've sent cold traffic to it, but to the opt in page first. Okay, so I'll get into doing the emails then for this week, right? Anything else I can do? No, I'm excited. I can't wait.

I'm glad you're back. I've been thinking about you. Okay, so thank you then. I'll get going. And yeah.

So there isn't much coaching to get this week. I'll just have to write emails and wait, right? Yeah. Unless, you know, if you want to write the emails and show them to me or show them to Paul or whatever, that's fine. I'm happy to look at them.

There might be a few. I can't think of anything off the top of my head right now that I don't want you to do, you know. But maybe if I saw them first, I might recognize a few things. So if you want to do that, that's cool. Okay.

Okay. I'll think about what and how I'm even going to write that. Okay. All right. Hello.

Thank you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Hey, you're chasing Nadine away. Sorry, I didn't realize.

No, no, that's a group call. That's a group call. So what does that mean? So what that means is like during the week, we have group coaching calls for students. Oh, okay.

And so, which I'm going to get you involved in as well. Oh, I see. So you said there's a group call, but no one's actually come on. Yeah, because it's like three in the morning in the U.S., right? Nadine, she lives in Ireland.

So we're kind of on the same side of the pond, you know. Okay. All right. All right. So the reason I wanted to talk to you about your unique mechanism is to sort of give you just a little more clarity of what I do when I'm unpacking it, if that's okay?

Yeah, yeah. I feel like I was talking about what we do, but I'm not sure that it was relevant to the primary promise necessarily. Yeah, it was. Everything you're doing is fine. It's only going to help you.

Okay. You haven't done anything wrong. Let me just share my screen right quick, and we can talk about it. Okay. This is, hold on.

There we go. All right. So this is your unique mechanism. I'm going through it. The great stuff.

What I, what I'm, this is, I'm going through it, digging some stuff out. Like, in your, okay, the unique mechanism is, if, let's say you're, you're, you're like on your deathbed, and somebody wants to know, they want to do what you've been doing. And so you explain, okay, this is my system. Let me explain how it works so you can do it. Here's the things you do.

Here's the order you do the things, right? So in your, here, when you're asking these questions, like, is it, how is it different from my competitors? Why does it work? Well, you have, because research shows that they're the majority, because they don't have anything against so easy to work with. Point is, they don't have anything against Israel.

Yeah, so, yeah, but what I, what I use these questions for is, as I'm writing down how it works, or how it, how it works, and why it works, right? Well, mostly how, what are the steps? So, for example, focus on the indifferent. Well, how do you do that? What exactly are you doing to focus on the indifferent?

See, that, I, I didn't get that from any of this stuff. This is all, right? So, like, you know how, you know how you do it. You know how you focus on indifference. But that, that's what I wanted to ask you, because it's actually not as, it's, it's not unique in the sense that, whoever deals with, with Israel will say that they focus on the indifferent, the indifferent meaning people who are not very into Israel and people who are not very against Israel.

That's the indifferent. Yeah, but how do you, how do you do that? What is your way of doing that? Differently to others. I'm, I'm concerned that it's, because the question was, how is it different from competitors?

Several other competitors will say, we also do exactly that, you know? Yeah, but, but here's, here's, here's what I'm getting at. Like, there's a way, like, how do you, Joanna, how do you focus on the indifference? Forget these questions for a second. What is it that you do to make sure that happens?

Right? So those are, that's, that's kind of hard to think of right now, because of, I saw this step, and it's kind of, but if there are things that you do to make sure that you're focusing on the different. Like, if you have, is there a certain mindset you have to adopt or is there, I don't know, a sequence of, of things that you think about when you're considering an influencer or, you know what I mean? If there are things that you do, then what are those things? That's what I wanted to, that's what I wanted to ask you, because it's not very sequential.

We don't have an order to things. There's no, because the reason is that I'm not talking about a specific project here. I'm talking about our mindset. The unique mechanism is the mindset, and it, and it presents itself through a variety of, like, it has to come through in every single project that we do. We have to use this mindset if we, if, you know, if we want to fix the problem, right?

Okay. So, um, that's why it's harder for me, but if you say to me, um, because I look at all of the competitors and they all say, oh yeah, we also focus on the indifferent, but what they're doing is they're bringing content, which is completely irrelevant to people who don't want to talk about it. So the difference between us is that we ask the audience, what are you interested in? And then we only talk about the stuff that they're interested in. Um, so if, so you can't be indifferent, if you're interested in the conflict, that makes you not indifferent to the conflict.

So we're not looking for the people who are interested in the conflict and we're not looking at the people who are interested in the religious aspects. We're only looking for those people who don't care either way, who are not interested, but we can get them interested so long as we talk about their passion points. Uh, so it's kind of a combination with passion points. Okay. Okay.

Yeah. So maybe that's, I'm being clear that because that is that, that, yeah, that's fine. That's, that's how we, this is the process, right? Because I find this a major problem with all competitors. They use words very interchangeably.

They use the term indifferent and then they, and then they say, yes, we're going to go for the people who aren't against Israel. And then we're going to give them a bunch of political reasons why they should be. And I'm like, well, if they, they haven't developed an opinion in the last 50 years, why are you still giving them the same, the same stuff? Give them something that they want. And then, you know, you'll get them engaged or we'll talk about passion points.

And, and, you know, by definition, if their passion point is the conflict or religious aspects, they're not invited. We're not interested. They do, you know, an Israel brand ambassador who can't see Israel separately to the political context won't be invited to do our program or an influencer who wants to come on one of our tours, but they, they're a design influencer and we're doing a design tour. They won't, they won't be invited because they're not interested in design. They're interested in the conflict and they're just taking advantage of the experience that we're offering.

So that's the, yeah. Yeah. So passion point is just a fancy way of saying interest area, right? It's the same. Yeah.

Yeah. So that's, so those are the kind of things that, that you do, right? Like, I mean, this is having this, this mindset, if that is having a certain mindset and you, and you describing what you described, that is how really focus on the indifferent. Um, so like, um, you don't, you don't, you don't focus on going against naysayers and you do that by, there's a certain tactic you use in order to not focus on going against that. Well, it's, it's, it's not a tactic.

It's a, it's a, it's a, we just don't like there are people who I'll give you an example. Okay. I don't know if you have time, but I'll just give you an example to clarify. Um, I met yesterday with, um, a Jewish organization who is engaging young Jewish teenagers with their Judaism through, um, the topic of gaming, online gaming. So they, they have young kids who are online gamers and it's a Jewish organization that says, I'll give you everything you're interested in, in the field of gaming under the umbrella of it being a Jewish organization.

And it works, right? Because the kids are interested in gaming in the process. They may light the, the Hanukkah candles, you know, during Hanukkah or something like that. Right. That's the same theory.

And then what happened was, and this happens all the time is that there was this gamer, uh, who, uh, was, uh, was doing, playing a game. I don't know if you've ever seen them, but basically they just sit in the corner of the screen. They're playing online gaming and they, they talk while they're playing the game. Um, why that's interesting. I don't know, but kids watch it all the time.

I know. And there had been a decision by Amnesty International against Israel. And while he's, um, actually talking about his game, he's going through the decision that Amnesty International made and talking about it, about how awful Israel is for like 40 minutes while he's playing a game. Right. So, of course, the automatic reaction of this Jewish organization was to, to, to train the kids now how to talk about Israel positively when something like a horrible decision against it is, is made on a political level.

Right. And, and she said to, she asked us, how do you do that? What do you do? And I said, we don't do that because that's exactly what the naysayers want us to do. You get people to come to you because of gaming.

If you start making it about politics, you've become an advocacy organization. They don't want to join an advocacy organization. And if you don't, hardly anybody hears about all these decisions that are made against Israel. The only people who actually talk about it all day long are the Jews and Israel. And if you're not, if Jews and Israel are not on your feed, uh, or you're not like, you don't read the newspaper all day long, which most young people don't, you won't know that Amnesty International made this decision.

Why would we take a bunch of teenagers and make everybody know about a bad decision that was made against Israel, which they can't explain anyway, because they don't understand anything. So she kind of looked at me like I was mad. And I was like, well, it's just that every single organization, even organizations like yours that have found a passion point through which you can engage them with their Judaism, they suddenly turn into advocacy organizations. And that's not what the kids are there for. So we don't, we just don't look at them.

We don't, we ignore them. When, when, when there's a serious event, we have a, an online program, which, um, we teach various methods of how to handle negative language, but that's it. That's like 5% of our work. 95% of it is just, you keep on doing what you do. Like if you're a Jewish organization, that's doing a great job engaging teenage Jews with their Judaism through gaming, just keep on doing that.

The one guy who spoke about, you know, the negative decision against Israel shouldn't dictate for you what you're now going to do in your organization. And that's the big mistake. That's why I keep on saying that the Jewish community is the biggest problem. Cause they just take one or two people who've said horrible things. Like imagine if Todd had this one guy who just kept on saying horrible things about him and he would highlight him on his website.

So that when I go into Todd's website and I think he's great with his E5 method, for whatever reason, I'm watching a program, a whole hour and a half long of Todd saying why this other guy is completely wrong about everything. I've never discovered what Todd does. Right. That's the, it's a very common sense theory that for whatever reason, the Jewish community can't, can't wrap their heads around and that's why they're losing their kids. Okay.

So it's not exactly a tactic. Well, I suppose. Yeah. But what do you, what do you call that? What do you, what do you.

It's really a mindset. It's a, it's a, um, uh, I need to explain. I, I, because I'm the philanthropist and I don't get swayed by what donors tell me to do. Usually when you don't have money and you're dependent on donors, you go where they want to go because that that's well, the, where they'll give you money. Sure.

And I have been asked over and over again by my donors with, with money being thrown at me to add content about the political side of Israel to the stuff that I do. And I've refused because I know that it won't work and I think it's the wrong way to go, which means that I have not been as successful at raising funds, but what I am successful at is 12 years later, I'm probably, you know, they're starting to realize that maybe there's something to be said for what this nutcase is saying all day long, which is, this is the way the next generation works. You can't mix, it's, it's, it's, it's black or white. It's, we can't talk about, they can't be, uh, for example, understanding of what the Russian perspective is of the Russian Ukrainian conflict right now. They can't, they don't, it's not within their, they don't go deep, everything's superficial, poor Ukrainians, terrible Russians.

That's it. Like there's no, there's no nuance. The older generation wants nuance. Younger generation doesn't have the ability to embrace nuance. And so if we bring nuance into the conversation, we're losing them.

So it's just the mindset. And I think most of what I've written here is really about a mindset more than, uh, um, components of a mechanism. But when you put it all together, um, without that mindset, you can't, you can't implement the mechanism. So it's the same with passion points. It's the same with people to people.

It's the same with digital first. It's all about understanding the next generation and where they're at. Okay. Okay. So like focus on the indifferent, um, what I would do, what I typically do is, okay, how do you do that?

Well, you have to adopt a mindset where you da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, right? So that the things that you just explained to me, I think, are kind of captured in these three that I got from these points anyway. Um, so that's, that's really how you do this. I want to know how, how can I, cause you're going to teach this, you're going to teach this mechanism, right? And how is it different?

Why is it different and better? Well, that's, you wrote that down in a lot of these points and most of what you wrote, you've got that. Yeah. That's for later, I think, right? With the campaign.

Well, it's still part of it, but. We still, when you're explaining, first of all, you need to focus on the indifferent and here's how you do that. Number one, you have to adopt this X, Y, Z mindset where you blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. These, these things here, there may be more to it, but you see how this is a, a thing to do. So, yes, you know, it's not, it's not about, um, and so what I'm, what I was, what I'm trying to get at is when I, um, when I come here to focus on the different, okay, I think, okay, how do I do that?

And I write it down here in the mechanism. And I also look at these questions, but I'm using these questions to help me come up with the things that I do, the things that are different than I do, how it works, rather than the, the why it works. So, for example, uh, why do I do it the way I do it? Well, because it's a waste of energy trying to convince people who don't want to be convinced. They want to be convinced.

Yeah. Yeah. But what, what is it? How do you do this? How do you focus on the indifferent?

What are the, what is the way to do that? So you just explained it to me. Really. And, um, it's just that you adopt the mindset of a, B, C, and D. If you get all the, those four things into your mindset to start with, that's a good part of the game done.

Right. Do you want, do you want me to go deeper? Like, for example, say, well, from the outset, we know that we're not looking. We're not looking for, like, it's almost like a, um, process of elimination, right? We, we, we not looking for people interested in conflict, not looking for people who are interested in religion.

Um, so then we do start looking for people who are interested in passion points and topics that Israel has a lot to offer. Yeah. And so it can't be very, very, when, you know, we're not going to say climate justice, cause that's too big. We're going to go deep. We're going to say, okay, they're particularly interested in, um, issues relating to water scarcity in blah, blah, blah.

And then, and then, and then we know that Israel has many, many, many, you know, um, stories that are relating to that particular topic. So we will take, Israel has to offer and match it with what a large community online is interested in. And we'll make sure that they're in the right age group. And we'll also make sure that they are even in the right location. So for example, Texas would be a good place to do that as opposed to somewhere that doesn't have water issues.

And so what we're doing is we're creating, like, um, I used it somewhere. It's called brain coupling. Yes. Which is a really, yeah, basically we're saying, if we want people to listen to us, we need to let them feel that we really, really know what they want to talk about. And then there's this like synthesis between their brain and our brain.

And then they're much more open to anything that we have to say, which nobody else is really doing that. That is definitely different. Yeah. So you see that is, and so when I was going through all of the things you wrote, I was picking that out. So for example, people to people, um, okay.

First of all, you're, you use, um, it, it's story-based, you know, Israel, Israelis who embody Israel, not who are, you know, right. Influence strategy of brain company, uh, coupling, uh, passion points. That's another thing you do in order for the people to people step of your, uh, mechanism to happen. Um, um, short form story tactics. You have a zero agenda, zero agenda, authenticity that you look for, um, avoiding spokespeople.

That's another aspect of it. And, um, then you try to, you look for people who are unknown yet charismatic. So when you do all of these things, that's the people, the people thing you have to do these six things, you know? So I'm actually defining, I'm delineating what. No, I get it now.

And do you, do you, um, suggest that I try to focus as much as possible, um, or for example, uh, story-based or using storytellings or Israelis who embody Israel and all that stuff. Every competitor will say that that's what they do, right. There's nothing unique about that. Um, so kind of things that are a given or influencer strategy, right. Which, you know, we were the first ones to use the term influencer and we meant digital influencer, like real influence.

You talk to one person and they influence a million people. When today that term is used by our competitors for anybody who's in any position of power, uh, or even potentially to be in a position of power. So there's a massive program to bring Ivy league students to Israel. Um, they are not influencers yet. Right.

But now everybody calls them influencers. So those are not, those are not terms that will surprise anyone. But if I say people to people and I focus on, um, I actually think brain coupling is better for the indifferent. Um, but, um, short form storytelling is how do you tell a person's story online? It has to be short form.

It has to be pictures. It has to be video. It has to be, um, beautiful and, and attractive and all these things that otherwise it all comes under
the digital first idea, but, um, but it's, it's really a story about people. The zero agenda authenticity is really unique to us and we're loud and proud about it. Like we're not, we're not embarrassed.

I'm saying our biggest competitor is all clandestine and thinking that you can like pretend there isn't
some big Jewish agenda behind what you're doing. And we're like, no, we just think Israel's cool. So we're happy to say it. That's it. Which is, but people think, you know, Jewish people think, wow, if you say that, then you're
going to be attacked.

And I'm like, but we're not. So what's the problem? Let's just move on. And I think the avoid the spokespeople. Yeah, exactly.

Unknown, uh, um, or, or like not necessarily, I don't like using working with celebrities. They're a pain in the ass. I'd rather work with someone who is eager to tell the story, who is happy to be asked,
you know, and they're really charismatic. So we will say things like the best experiences of Israel will not be a lecture given by some
top Israeli somebody, it will be sitting, uh, you know, uh, at the beach with a really cool
and charismatic social entrepreneur, having beer and a pita with hummus and, and, you know,
just feeling the vibe. And that moment will be remembered much more than any other lecture that these people will
receive.

That authenticity is something that you have to, you have to create. Um, and it can be done in a very, like, you just have to let down your armor and, and
have that sort of sense of, if I'm just myself, people will like me as an Israeli. I don't have a problem saying that because I know it's true. So you, you, you say you have to create the authenticity. We create the, the, the, um, the, the reality of authenticity, right?

Because once you don't, once you don't use a spokesperson, you're automatically got it
becoming authentic. So when we did our tours and we want it, we go to a university and we want to showcase
an amazing discovery, we will never have the spokesperson of the university. It will have to be the, the really kind of obscure scientist who meets them in the lab. Uh, if that scientist is not charismatic, then it's irrelevant. But if they are, if we get that moment where we've got this person who opens the door and
they're smiling and excited and enthusiastic about what they do, that's going to make a
real experience.

Everybody else just does the usual stuff. So we're looking for the real, um, the real storytellers and we're doing it short form,
which is another different thing that we do from others. We don't, people, again, no nuance. We don't have time to, they're not going to sit through a whole lecture. It's just too long, you know?

And today you can get a message across using Instagram stories or Facebook reels, uh, uh,
as opposed to what you had to do, which is read a, a two page article in the New York
times. It's just different, you know, but different doesn't mean that it's not better. Right. Right. Yeah.

So that's the, I suppose that's the uniqueness of our approach to people, to people. Yeah. So terminology that they would recognize, but it's, it's done differently. Um, I would, I would almost, um, give that what you're talking, um, I would give that
a term, a unique term, almost a mechanism within a mechanism only because as you're talking
about this, all of this, whatever it is, you want to have a shorthand way of, you know,
you're, you don't have a whole lot of time typically when you're in a round table and
you're answering a question, you want to be able to. Yeah, no, I think I would call, I like the zero agenda authenticity.

I think there's something very real about that. Um, and I think that people can understand, I can, I can weave in the whole, if you want
to be authentic, it has to come from the people. It can't come from the government or from spokespeople. People understand that. And if you need it to, if you, you know, you have to show that you have zero agenda.

So it has to be someone who's just excited about what they do. It's that simple. It's just, there's no, uh, that kind of thing. Yeah. Yeah.

So that's just, all I was doing was going through what you had and I was picking up the,
how is it done stuff? I see. Like the halo effect, you know, you have this special halo recruitment. I called it and it's like, sorry, one second. Sorry.

So, okay. I'm going to go. Yeah. Okay. I'm here.

Thank you very much. Thank you. Sorry. That's all right. Um, so halo recruitment, you've got the first you seek a connection, right?

And then you, you validate their values are in alignment before you select the guy. I mean, I, I was, I was just kind of trying to pick through what you had. Yeah. No, I'm looking at the halo effect thing. And I don't remember what I actually, um, halo meant by that.

Yeah. So what, what's your halo effect? I mean, I think what I was saying was that, um, we believe that in order, Oh, they're the
most important halo effect, I think for our audience, forget all the rest that I wrote
is that if you engage people positively through their passion points and that's how they engage
with Israel, it will have a halo effect on their perception of Israel politically as well. That's the only halo effect that the donors care about. Right.

And we actually, we're just doing research, a survey now in America where we're trying to
prove that, um, basically we surveyed college age kids who are progressives and minorities
in America. We asked them questions about what they think of Israel, what their favorability ranking is. Uh, that's to prove that we start off actually fairly well, not nearly as badly as our donors
think our donors are sure that young African-American progressives college age hates Israel. And then we just did research, which just shows they don't really care, which is what we,
what we knew. Um, and then we've just finished, um, three weeks worth of just marketing our old content
to them through Facebook ads, just sending them on their feed, constantly seeing,
images of Israel looking great dogs in Israel nonsense, right?

Vegan food, that kind of stuff. And now we're doing another piece of research, same kind of demographic. And we want to see if there's been an improvement in the favorability ranking. And if there has been, if we've managed to shift them, most of them are in the neither favorable
nor, you know, uh, unfavorable. If we managed to shift a lot of them into the favorable, then that would be a big deal because
that would correlate for the donor, the importance of what we do and the result that they're looking
for, they think that what we do is like fluff and nice to have, but what we really want these
young people to do is like to stand up for Israel.

I don't care if they stand up for Israel. I don't need them to stay. I don't stand up for my government half the time. So what, you know, neither did most Americans until like a year ago. So why have a different standard for Israel?

But the Jews can't accept that. They want all the world to think that Israel is perfect. So I'm saying I can get a bunch of young people to get excited about Israel because of vegan
food and because of the people of Israel that they discover through their love of vegan food,
because Israel is the global capital of vegan food, Tel Aviv. And that I can show you through this survey is translated to general favorability towards
Israel. Or we've seen that business people in America who've had a connection with Israel through
business consider Israel's handling of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict much better than
those who are not business people and haven't had any connection.

So that's the piece that is really missing. So that's the halo effect insofar as it's interesting for the primary promise, right? So in my brain, the primary promise for me is to just get anybody interested in Israel. I don't care about necessarily the Jewish kids, but because I know, yeah. The primary promise has, the reason we were focusing on the Jewish kids is because your
donors have that desire.

And that is, and that's why, that's why we selected that while we kind of. It's the only reason that they'll listen to me. Yeah. Yeah. So I have to, I'm trying to bring it in all the time and I'm, I'm kind of, it's a little
bit inauthentic for me to do that, but it's not difficult.

Like if I say, if I can get all the non-Jewish young people to be excited about Israel, by definition,
their Jewish peers who are completely mixed in there, once they see somebody non-Jewish
saying something good about Israel, they will hold their heads high because they're
associated with Israel by, by their birth. And instead of Israel being an embarrassment, it will be an asset. So this is the way to work around it. We, we're not going to be able to just take a bunch of Jewish kids, put them in the classroom,
you know, tell them what's right and what's wrong. Expect them to go out there into the world and, and not see it around them and, and take
that as truth.

If we're creating a, you know, it's like what they say about fish in an aquarium where you
take the fish out and you fix the fish and then you throw them back in. So what we're doing is instead of fixing the fish, we're fixing the aquarium. That's what we're doing. And that's the sort of halo effect that we're, we're looking for. Well, it's two halo effects.

You see one is, so I'm not sure that both of them fall under the halo effect. The, the second thing could be the aquarium, the fish in the aquarium effect. Right. Right. Right.

Well, and that's why we focus much more on the non-Jewish world, not because we don't
care about the Jewish kids, just that we know that young people are most influenced by
their peers. And so if they see their friends getting excited about as well, then they will too. Easy, you know, what currently the competitors are doing are taking the fish out of the
aquarium, telling them what's right and wrong and throwing them back in, expecting them to
succeed, but they won't because they haven't fixed the water, you know, so that might be
a different part of the unique mechanism. The understanding, which is a mindset, it's the understanding that you have to fix the aquarium
as much as you need to fix the fish. Yeah.

Okay. So yeah, with, with, with this discussion, what I, the only, the only modification I would
do to what you're doing now in your, in your unique mechanism is be more, I guess, I know
it's hard to be specific, especially about these mindset things, but the better you can
do that, um, the more compelling it's going to be, the more it's going to, you have to
give like these donors, you have to say to them, look, if you want to get the views back
into Israel and make them love it again and get and stop this, this hemorrhaging that's
going on, you've got to do the, you've got to use the Joanna protocol. And here's the, here are the, here's the things you have to do, the mindset, this, you've got
to, what are the things that have to be done in order to do, to make that happen? So that's, you're, you're going to be explaining and teaching them this mechanism. So, and by the time you're done, they're going to say, oh, okay.

Wow. Yeah. I see that's the best way to do it. I got my, I get, I get it now that we've spoken a bit. I understand more what you're getting at.

It's less theoretical and very practical. And it makes me realize that, for example, I absolutely have to include a component, which
is about what happens when, excuse my language, the shit hits the fan. And there is a ton of negative stuff. And we deal with that. We deal with negative comments.

What do you do with negative comments? We have a very specific protocol for that. There's a program that we have for that. That's where we teach the opposite of what everybody's doing in the, in the, in the Jewish
community. So what are those things that when that happens, you have to do X, Y, and Z.

What's the X? What's the Y? What's the Z? Yeah. No, that's easy for me because we've done a online course about it.

Okay. So I can break it down. Yeah. And you don't have to break it down to a lot of minutia, you know, just a high,
it's like a 30,000 foot view, even of steps that need to be taken and, and why those steps
are great and different from everybody else. And that's really.

It's always like a user manual. Oh, yes. Or like the executive summary at the beginning of the user. You know what I'm saying? That's really, you know what the whole user manual that, that won't fit in inside of this
campaign.

No, I get that. But maybe just the way my brain works, I need to actually say it all and then pull out the,
pull out the texts that are like what you did. Um, here's what, here's what you need to do. Do you want to get, if you want to get your kids back over a back interested, um, and just
you want to explain the steps and that's it. And, and in such a way, and we'll talk about that, you know, on our next call, but in such
a way that it stays compelling and exciting.

Yeah. And can I just ask you a last question? Um, let's say, let's say I find this sort of, um, uh, unique method and we're calling
it, uh, uh, mechanism and we're calling it, uh, um, ethical, uh, uh, tribing and wonderful
words that we found. Would it be the kind of thing because I'm really like a lone wolf voice in our community? I always have been.

That's not my problem. I don't care. But nobody was interested when I was talking about country branding because they just couldn't,
they couldn't, they couldn't understand what I was talking about. Um, would it be, uh, recommended or not wise, uh, to write some kind of like manifesto for
sharing in the community? Well, I mean, do something like that, but I don't know if I want to kind of give all my
secrets away.

Yeah. Um, would it be, I mean, what's, what's the purpose of the manifesto? Is that, I think the purpose is to solidify, um, my positioning as, um, the one who's always
said that we should be doing the opposite of everything we're doing, uh, and that maybe
it will take 15 years for the community to realize that. But once they do, everybody's going to want a piece of that kind of thing. Um, it's more a kind of, I don't, in the beginning I was thinking of writing a book, but then I
was thinking like a manifesto, which is like, you know, 99 pages long, nothing longer.

It's a bit like the big marketing idea where you read it and it's amazing. I think there's nothing in there. You have to do the coaching course. It's very smart. It draws you in and it, and, and it positions the writer as the authority on how to do this
right.

Right. Nobody has, nobody's figured this out. Right. Now I'm not saying that we're, but if I'm not saying that we're the only authority in
how to work, but if you want to deal with naysayers, we are the authority. If you want to deal with the ones who hate Israel, it's not us.

Go to an advocacy organization. I don't want to talk to you anyway. I'm depressed me, but if you want to focus on promoting Israel positively, we're the
ones who have that secret source and I'm happy to share a lot of aspects of it, but, but we're
the ones who actually know the real deal. We're the go-to organization for that. You know, that that's the, um, we had it when we only did influencer tours until to this
day, everybody comes to us when they want to do influencer tours and they say, how do you
do it?

What do you do? What is the way, what is the, and, you know, I'll sit with someone and I'll give them a
few recommendations, but they know that if I, if I was willing to do it for them, they'd
probably be in a better position. So that's what I want for the entire mindset. Cause something has to happen in the community to change. Otherwise it's just going to get worse than it is already.

Yeah. So if you're asking me from a direct response, um, say I'm the direct response guy, you're
kind of getting into the branding stuff. Um, which I mean, in my mind, as you're explaining this, describing this manifesto, really it's
kind of a direct response campaign. It's a marketing piece about how like ethical tribing, listen, ethical tribing is the answer. Here's what it does.

Here's the big steps. Here's what you have to understand if you want to do it. And here's the science behind it. And here are, here's the proof. Here's the actual proof.

So it's not just me saying this, but I got the proof. I got the science. I got the testimonials. I've got this, here are the steps. It works.

It's working now. It's just that it's big. And, you know, it, it, you know, I can, I can only do so much, you know, that's it. Cause I'm looking at everything that, you know, so I've done this course, so I'm doing this
course, um, I'm taking Todd as an example, and he's giving away all of his know-how, which
is, which is great. So he's not giving away, of course you pay for it, which is his, that's what he's hoping
to achieve.

He's hoping to create income from it. But in my case, in the nonprofit world, I can create income from this mindset and mechanism,
um, only through the programs that I do, but I have no doubt that it will be knocked off
and lots of others will offer to do something similar also called ethical tribing, uh, uh,
but a competing product. And then I've given them my, my how to, which I'm kind of a little bit wary of, you know? Yeah. So if you, if you feel that, um, like ethical tribing is really the center of, and that's
something you want to trademark and something that then, yeah, I would say, um, a manifesto,
a book, something that you can like stamp your name on it, your company on it.

Um, I would say that's a good way to lock you in as the ethical tribing guru, the person,
right? Um, what I want you to understand about, um, unique mechanisms is that a unique mechanism
is really for the campaign. Um, right. So like there's maybe one, like maybe there's a little itch, a little desire that needs to
be scratched and you have a specific way you do that and you're going to call it X, you
know? Um, and it's like, you use it for the duration of the campaign.

Everybody rips you off. And that becomes the new phrase, you know, the new, you don't care because as long as
really every single campaign I do is going to have a mechanism of some sort, right? And it's not always like Todd has dozens and dozens of mechanisms, unique mechanism that
he uses in dozens and dozens of campaigns, right? It's not always the E five method, you know, sometimes it's the big idea, you know, sometimes
it's, um, like, uh, desire, demand, bridging. Sometimes it's unique mechanism.

Sometimes it's sin offer. Sometimes it's not, sometimes it's not, you know what I mean? So he has so many of them and the mechanisms are just used in the campaign. Like for example, Facebook advertising, he had something for that and just about doing
Facebook ads correctly or whatever. Um, but if somebody rips them off, man, but they're not going to rip off E five method,
you know, that's not going to happen.

Um, so I would say if you want, if ethical tribing is something that you want to be yours,
then yeah, I would somehow lock it in. Um, you know what I mean? Trademark it, write a book, right? And it doesn't take much to write. I don't know if you've ever done that before.

How many books you've written? Um, it's, you know, you can knock out a book in a couple of weeks, get it published, self
publish it. Boom. It's there. And even give it away, you know, promote it, uh, free plus shipping or, or just whatever,
just to get it out there.

And so you're the, you're the person, you know, right. Okay. Yeah. I don't know. All right.

I feel like I'm muddying the waters a little bit here. Okay. All right. So I'll, I'll, um, I'll keep going. Okay.

Bye. And, uh, in touch. Hello. Okay. Thank you very much.

Yeah. Just, um, focus on the, how it's done in the mechanism and then we'll, you and I on our
next call, we can get in there and start tearing down and getting benefits sucked out
of it. Okay. Great. Thank you very much.

Okay. Talk to you soon. Bye. Chirag, man, it's been forever since I've seen you. How's it doing?

Yeah. Yeah. You're looking good, man. You're looking good too, man. You're looking much better.

I always miss your bare bones office there. It's like, you know, everybody else, when they get on a zoom call, they got a big bookshelf,
they got colors in the background. They got it. And you, man, you're simple. You're down to earth.

It's just nothing. It's just you. So what's up, man? How's it going? Everything is great.

I just saw this on my calendar. It's a great timing for me, afternoon India time. And I thought, I haven't seen Michael for a long time. Let me try to see him still there and just give a little bit of my updates and find out
what's going on on the other side. So, yeah.

So basically, my physical tennis academy has started and doing well. And the kids are back, whoever left during the COVID time. So there's a lot going on on the physical side. So we, the Cochise Academy part, which we launched one batch, then we haven't launched it back. We are about to launch it again.

We had a six students in the first batch. And now we are planning to launch the lower ticket item because we think in India, there
is a demand for lower ticket course first, and then we can upsell them at the end of maybe
like a five session, which is 10 days. And then we can upsell the higher product. That's what the new experiment we are going to do. The first batch we did was for six full months.

That was like too much content. Everybody enjoyed that was high ticket, like around $800 Indian rupees. And all of them paid and they passed the exam, good reviews. So I was not very technical savvy, but now I know that the content which delivered by my
teachers or coaches were really good. It was liked by the audience.

So that's a good testimonial. Second thing is I have a strong technology and IT background. So in last six months, through reference, I got one project, like I wouldn't say exactly
what Teddy is doing in your company, but something similar where I figured out the Zapier and
automation and CRM systems and bind all these different tools together for any online businesses. And I got one project for $5,000 a month recurring. Wow.

Yeah. And they really liked what I was doing. I have a team of three people, tech guys. They have been with me for a long time and I delegate some work to them. I do the Zoom calls with the client.

So I'm the contact point. And then I get the work done from my team. And you would call these as a remote integrator or ops operations guys, whatever you call
it, this position. And like, pleasantly surprised, I just got another client a few days back who I signed
up for $6,000 a month. So that's like $11,000 a month recurring.

Excellent. Yeah. Plus it keeps your team busy. Your team, you know, you have to worry about laying them off or, you know. Yeah.

That's great. Yeah. The team cost me like altogether $4,000, not more than that. So that's a very good margin, $11,000 revenue. I'm a face to them on strategic.

So I know the marketing side and the technology side. So that's kind of a rare combination. That's what I think the entrepreneurs liked about me. And I can translate their ideas into the technical implementation. I think that's what USP is.

That's exactly like Teddy, man. That's exactly what Teddy does. Yes, exactly. Yeah. You're the Teddy of India.

That's what you are. Yeah. Junior Teddy, not as experienced as a Teddy, but. And all of these online guys, these online businesses who are happy with me so far, they
are like in the range of $30,000 to $40,000 a month kind of revenue. And it's very important that they need a person like me who comes with the system and tech
and solution.

Otherwise, they cannot scale up. That's their bottleneck. Yeah. So they have a product market fit. They have a great product.

Clients are loving it. They are able to sell it. Now to make it at a different level, they need somebody like me. And up to now, they were Superman. They were doing everything on their own.

So I would call it like a remote integrator or an ops guy. I don't know. But man, this is like interesting. I would like to. Do you think since I already have two clients, shall I design an E5 campaign to get more clients
or I just do what I keep on doing?

Like, do you suggest any presentation I should prepare to target more clients? Yeah. Well, so do you have the space for more clients? Do you want more clients? Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. I have because I can hire three more guys in my tag time. So I'm good at the strategic consultation. Like, how did you get these clients that you have now?

The first one I got from reference. Another I got from the Facebook group of online entrepreneur, which I am part of. And in the discussion, somebody posted a challenge. I said, I can help you with just as a free advice. Then they scheduled a Zoom call.

And then it led to another Zoom call. And then it just happened because that guy was in pain. He was making, he is making $35,000 a month and he needs to solve a lot of things. So these are the, I know my ideal client. They are online entrepreneurs.

They are, they should not be the new guys in the market. They should be making at least $30,000 a month and they need to scale up. They need systems. They need tech technology and they need somebody who can integrate all these things. So I know my definition of ideal client.

So I think, I think you're a, yeah, you know, that's a good, you know, business decisions
like this are, are, are tough. You know, I know because like you're, what you're really asking is, should you start a
campaign where you're like getting customers every day and back in selling them on this
big high ticket service that you have? So now you have to think about, okay, what kind of offer you're starting to get into this
world of it's a pretty crowded world, you know, of, of helping people with online marketing. Right. And, and then, you know, paying for the traffic and, you know, the customer service of all
of these people who aren't really your high ticket clients yet and all of that stuff.

So I would say, I know what Todd would say. He would say that if you already have a high ticket service now, if you already have a program
and it's running, then why bother with a front end product when, when you could just get people
into the, you know, if it's, even if it costs you $6,000 to get a sale, to get a client
after the first month, you, it's all backend stuff. It's all, so that's, that's the beauty of selling a high ticket program, you know, with
an, with a direct response campaign. So do I think you should? Yeah.

If you have capacity to scale and that's what you want to do, you have a team of four people. I mean, how many clients can you take? Can you handle? Right. Yeah.

So yeah, I would say, yeah, go for it. I wouldn't bother with the front end product for your high ticket thing. Just go straight for advertising your high end thing. Okay. So yeah, just a couple of corrections I would like to make.

So I won't be doing their marketing. I won't be doing their sales. So I'm not their sales and marketing guy. I can understand because of my marketing background, I can understand their needs and then product
better, but my job is the backend guy. So I'm a operations and tech implementation guy, rather than responsible for selling the
product or coming up to devise marketing strategy or writing an email and copywriting.

That's not my part right now, what with these two clients and I plan to stay like that. So yes, I understand. I agree with you. I don't need a front end product and my personal goal is to reach up to $50,000 a month kind
of figure with maybe 10 clients or 12 clients and I can handle them very efficiently with
addition a few more people in my team. So my ideal thing is going to be very much like how you sell the EFI program, like there
has to be some kind of video presentation where I give them my value, what I'm good at.

Hey, you are making $30,000 a month. Are you stuck at scaling? You need a remote integrator who can club everything together, make your process efficient. Let's have a strategy call, 30 minute strategy call. And I would, then once that strategy call is there and I know that this guy is $30,000
a month and above kind of guy, then that conversation is very quality conversation.

And I think I can really pitch myself and provide the value. See, any high ticket item, you need a CRM. In your company, you're using Infusionsoft. So there are many CRM solutions. It's not easy for those guys to implement on their own.

They need people like... Right, right. Oh, I know. So that's like that service I want to pitch. So I have things in bits and pieces.

So I would just take your opinion. Yeah. So that's... Listen, what you're talking about, this kind of campaign you just described to me, is really
a sort of a high level, high awareness sort of campaign that talks about your service
and you and the advantages and the benefits of using you, right? And that's not E5.

That's not an E5 campaign, right? That's you talking about your service and how great it is and all of that. I would say that the one thing you're missing if you wanted to have an E5 campaign to run
to cold traffic is that you need a system. Like this thing that you're doing with your two clients now, right? If you have a system that you follow that solves a big problem they have, right?

Now you can talk about that system in a campaign and that's an E5 campaign, right? So that's the big difference. And, you know, a lot of times a guy in your situation, you'll have one client, you do one
thing for them and another client, you do a completely different thing and you don't
have a system that works for both, right? And so it's kind of hard to, like, if there is a system that you have for solving a problem,
you can make a campaign about that. And then that's probably what you're going to end up delivering, right?

That's going to, it's going to attract people who want that. You know what I mean? So that's, you know, either, either way, the thing that's cool about the, the, the, um,
the, uh, campaign you described to me, or are you talking about your service and you and
your expertise and the benefits of using you? That's, that's low hanging fruit because people that's going to appeal to people who are already
looking for help with their pain of being overwhelmed and not knowing what to do. They know what they want to do.

They just don't know how to do it or they try it and it's not working for them. And, you know, that's, you know what I mean? That there's a lot of people like that, especially now that COVID put a lot of businesses at home,
right? And some of them are starting up and they're getting pretty good, but they're, they're at
that growing pain, right? And that's what you help with.

So I would say, if you don't have a system that solves a certain problem that you can talk
about an E5 campaign, then do what you just said and, and talk about your service and
the, the, the benefit of you and the things that you provide and, and get the low hanging
fruit. But, um, this is a great clarity. I, because I was thinking that anything can be created in an E5 campaign, but this is a
big clarity that if I have some system to offer, like I have this protocol through which
you can implement the CRM and that's same protocol for all the clients, then I can come up with
E5 campaign. But if I'm doing separate things for every separate client, then I just put a Facebook
ad with some videos and then encourage them to schedule a zoom call with me. That should be the call to action.

That's it. And then I take it from there. That's one option. And if I have a system, then I can create the E5 campaign. That's a big differentiation.

Uh, yeah, yeah. And if you, you know, listen, if you start, remember, we, we started with the prospect
examination, remember? And if you started, if you, like you have two clients now, one of them, whichever one's
your favorite. If you talk to a few people like him and you discovered what they really, really struggle
with the most and you, and you wanted to create an E5 campaign, it would be about how you solve
that big problem, your unique way of solving. Remember, it's all about the unique mechanism.

Remember? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So the mechanism is a system. It's a method. It's a protocol.

It's whatever. Okay. And so you got to know your prospects and then you'd solve their problem with your mechanism. And that's the E5 thing. And, and that, that appeals to a broader audience, right?

But, um, it's not going to appeal to only the people who are looking for you right now,
but people who have the problem that they're just not looking yet. It appeals to those people as well. That's the thing that's great about an E5 campaign, but you do need, you got to have
a mechanism, man. It always starts. You have to have a system, right?

Okay. Yeah. So that just brought an idea in my mind, because most of these clients of my, the
prospective clients of what I'm talking about, they are 30, $35,000 and above and
a hundred percent of them have a high ticket product, which they sell to their customers. So at this stage, they need a CRM. There is no option.

They need a CRM through which their sales team, they might have one sales guy or team of
two, three people, but they have those sales guys who are selling this high ticket item,
$5,000, $7,000, whatever it is. So I can come up with a unique mechanism. And if I campaign, Hey, this is Chirag's way of implementing a CRM system in your high ticket
item, blah, blah, blah. And then I give a good name. And then I just market the people who need CRM system.

Would that qualify as an E5 campaign in your opinion? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's E5 because it's all about the mechanism.

It's all about teaching them how great your way, your different and unique way of solving
their problem is. That's really all you're doing, man. It's not that, you know, E5 isn't magic. It's good direct response marketing. And a lot of the tools that Todd gives you are just ways of helping you do that.

But that's as soon as all you're trying to do is get them to believe that your method
is the best method. Okay. And once they believe that, then they're going to want the method, right? Perfect. And there's only one place to get your method and that's from you, right?

So, listen, there's a couple of nuances that I've been teaching for about a year. And I started with you like over a year ago. Yeah. Yeah. Right?

So, I'm going to send some videos to you that are, I can't remember if I talked to you about
them or not, but they're like different. I'm teaching little nuances of E5 a little differently now. And it seems to be really helpful to a lot of our clients. So, I'm going to send you, it's like about four videos. They're very short.

That's perfect. And then you can watch those. It's not part of our process yet. We haven't incorporated into the training. So, I just want you to have it now so that, because you've probably missed a lot of what
I've been doing for about a year now.

Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And it's making a pretty big difference in success rate. So, I want you to have this, especially because you were talking about your coaching,
you know, your sports thing. And you were talking about a front end for that.

So, if you're going to do a front end campaign, I definitely want you to see these videos so
that you kind of see how I'm unpacking the unique mechanism now and how I'm addressing
the first CPB chunk in your marketing argument and that sort of thing. So, as soon as I get off this call, I'm going to email those to you. Okay. Sure, Michael. That would be great.

And thanks for this big clarification. I thought anything can be at E5, but whatever has a framework or a process and unique mechanism
is best suited to come up with the E5 campaign. And what I was telling you initially is more of a custom thing, a new guy, new deal kind
of thing, which is just scheduling the appointment and take it from there. Okay. I got it.

Okay. And what's E5 plus program is still there? Or what's the, what's the, I don't know any updates about it. Yeah. E5 plus is there.

Now we have a program called, it's called Acquisition Accelerator. It's just like you and I did before, except now it's, it's a little more done with you. Okay. You know, a lot, you did most of the work and you would come back with me and get on a call
and I would correct you and guide you. And now we kind of, I kind of do it with the clients.

So there's that program, which you don't need, by the way, because you're already good at E5. Yeah. But then E5 plus is just, E5 coaching plus is just six months of coaching calls like this
and that sort of thing. So, um, you want me to have somebody give you a call or, or, or regarding the, my E5 plus
is a good till end of March. So, uh, acquisition Accelerator, I was already part of it.

So, so the, uh, yeah. So the only option left for me is either E5 plus or top one. There is nothing in between. There's nothing else. Yeah.

E5 plus is it, man. Yeah. So, um, yeah. And, you know, even, even after March, you got my email, you got my email address, you
know? So listen, I'm going to send you those, eat those, uh, videos.

Yeah. Yeah. And if you want, if you want to talk about like kind of brainstorm, um, your, your campaign,
get on, I've, I've got this call every Monday. I've got an, I got three calls a week. Right.

And then Paul is really good also at, at, um, at this kind of stuff. So, okay. I'm here for you, man. That's wonderful, Michael. Very nice to see you.

That's the most important thing. We can talk about the coaching all day long, but seeing you after a long time was, was a
very, very good thing. And you look good. So that's very good. Thank you.

You look good too, man. Take care. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.

Thank you. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.

Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.

Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.

Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.

Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.

Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
