---
title: "Foundations 2022-04-18 16:00:58"
date: 2022-04-18
duration: 36m
duration_seconds: 2165
vimeo_id: 700506506
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations 2022-04-18 16:00:58

**Date:** 2022-04-18 | **Duration:** 36m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey, Michael. I was just shooting a breeze with another coach. So did you work on your lead? Oh, excellent. Hey, Nadine.

How have I seen you in ages? So, good to see you. Am I interrupting? No, no, no, no. We were just at this.

I am a coach now on the team. Oh, congratulations. Cool. So, in what, in the copywriting space or? 45 campaign.

Cool. Congratulations. Good. So, did you, I haven't even checked the email in a couple hours. I've been on another call.

But did you send something? No. Okay. Did you share your screen? Yes.

I'll just share my screen. The link is the same link. So, I've been. Oh, okay. The same link.

Let me just pull it up. Okay. Mm-hmm. Good. Energy is.

Energy is all there is. This is true for sales, marketing, and relationships, and with money. Whether you set your mind on the five clients a month, a week, or a day, that's the energy
you're tuned into. And the same is true whether you even think it's possible or not. And thoughts, as well as uploading your energy, are a mind game.

Do you agree? Let me explain. There's a new and different way to look at sales in terms of a mind game. There are seven beliefs in a sales conversation that as soon as they match up, you'll actually
enroll five or more new happy clients in coaching problem services. So, the big question here is what has to be going on in your prospect's mind to match the
belief working with you is a solution they'd be working for and a logical next best step
for them to prosper and succeed.

In order to understand that for a moment, let's step away from the common focus on strategies
met this tip tricks and all the rest of the noise that you're... Ah, it's good. I love that. Focus on the underlying truth. Whatever you sell, what is your energy when doing so?

What are your thoughts, your perceptions, your tonality, your certainty, your confidence,
your truth? All of your combined thoughts, emotions, and actions show up as your truth and consequently
as your current results. Hence, as soon as you change either your thoughts, emotions, or actions, you change your truth
and therefore your results. It's starting to get kind of complicated. Now, let's reverse engineer this.

If you want five more clients a month, perhaps a week or even a day, what kind of energy, beliefs,
and actions do you have to bring to the table? Don't worry. I'll help you with that. First of all, you have to understand that things you can change and things you can't. And knowing the difference is very powerful.

What you can't change are the universal laws. That's it. The rest is up to you. And that's the good news. Thing is, if you can't change the universal laws, don't resist, but work with them.

But in order to do that, you have to know them. And we'll get into that in just a minute. Because on the other hand, what you can change are your energies and perceptions, right? Any now awaken to this and start to understand how it works in all realms of life. But very few really understand how to practically apply this in specific fields, like here, for example, in sales conversation.

Good. I was hoping you were going to get back to sales conversation. Therefore, I want to share with you this much more conscious, truly different, light, soft, and really loving way for you to effortlessly enroll five-plus new high-value clients each month. It's called the memo framework. And what we do first is to dive into understanding universal laws at work and sales conversations.

And then reveal to you what you can do so that your energies and perceptions match five clients consistently every month, week, or day. Depending on where you're at, this will make you look back and laugh when we now connect the dots. Ready? Great. There are five.

So this is – do you still consider this the lead? I do. Okay. All right. Because this is kind of getting like instructing and explaining, right?

Mm-hmm. There are several – which I'm not saying this is a bad thing because you've already done a good job of talking about how this is different. And so there are seven primary universal laws. I mean, who's to say that the lead is over in your teaching now, right? It's all kind of arbitrary.

There are seven primary universal laws, and each of them have a number of secondary laws. There's always gravity. There's always a law of cause and effect, a law of attraction, a law of vibration. They always work. The big question here is if you're aligned to them, effectively use them, or if you're perhaps in resistance to them.

And the answer to this question, you can find in your current results. If there's no resistance, there's total flow. And if there isn't a total flow of clients or money, there's resistance. So what the memo framework really does is to remove – see the word move here – to remove resistance. Oh, remove resistance.

Here are some examples. Looking at the law of cause and effect, you can always be the cause to affect your enrolling rate, money collected, and your business success. So this, for example, is really about responsibility. You take responsibility over your sales, your income, your success growth. Then there's the law of growth.

You can either use – you can either use or resist the law of growth. And accordingly, you set yourself up for growth. And when you do, you also show your clients how to grow. And I guess that's the real purpose of your business, isn't it? And to do so, you can always amplify the law of polarity.

Just show them where they're at right now and where they should be. For example, with your health. Could be. Could be. Okay.

You can always rely on the law of gender to find your ideal balance between the male doing and the female being and receiving energies, push and pull. This is how you can feel when to move forward with your prospect and when to hold space for them to move forward. Law of correspondence. Law of correspondence says, as within, so without, as without, so within. And it's really so amazing to see that when you have the money, when you have a money paradigm, your prospect will have a money paradigm too.

When you're confident of your abilities, the prospect will be confident in enrolling too. Can you see how that's applied throughout everything you do in your business and actually life? Most famously, perhaps, is the law of attraction, a secondary law of the law of vibration. When you're on the same wavelength, when the chemistry matches, when the message resonates, when the energies are right, any sale will be so much easier with or without words, effortless. The more your sales conversations are aligned with universal laws or the less resistance there is, the more effortless the clothes.

Isn't that exciting? Therefore, what you'll see here in this training is how the memo framework explains how to bring your prospects from the frequency of their problem to the frequency of their goal. And you do this by lifting and guiding the vibration of the sales conversation. So rather than chatter through a hyperbolic sales script, you have a very natural, soft, and meaningful conversation about their beliefs. And once you understand where your prospects stand with their thoughts and beliefs, you'll know exactly which mental moves they still have to make in order for them to say yes to your offer.

And as you'll see, all it takes is to identify where they need to shift in their thinking, and the thought can be shifted in milliseconds, right? Best part of all, it doesn't require you to do things that feel awkward, like using high-pressure sales tactics or to force any kind of language you don't feel comfortable with. And you can roll more high-value clients, regardless of whether or not you're already a top coach in your space. So if you want this promise, you want to pay close attention to what I'm about to share with you. Okay, so before I say anything, I want to hear what Adida thought of this lead.

And then, because, see, I already know that the reasons I'm not comfortable with it are the reasons that your audience probably will be, because they know all of these laws already. So, what did you think of it, Adida? Yeah, so I was going to say a similar thing that, you know, goes maybe too much into explaining, you know, the background. Or, you know, part of it probably could be, you know, as part of the campaign argument. Say, for example, where you explain those laws, you know.

Yeah, she does that. She does that in the campaign argument, I think. Or do you? I go into this even further in the argument, yeah. Yeah, I know you go into the seven frameworks.

So, I mean, generally it sounds really good. I like it and I need to borrow some wording, some concepts for myself, for my own stuff. But for me, you know, and I, yeah, like Michael, I don't know who your audience is, but I would, if it was me, you know, I'd make it shorter. More like, maybe emotionally appealing, kind of, at some stage, I was, but I'm not your audience, maybe. I was getting a bit distracted, you know.

So, but, well, yeah, that's basically what I think, you know. Yeah, I love the way it started off. And then the part that we've already discussed, as far as the me not getting it, that's where I get lost. It seems complicated. But I don't know what your audience knows.

At what point do you feel like that's complicated? When you start talking about the laws, if it were me, if I were doing this and I didn't know your prospects very well,
I would mention that these universal laws, such as vibration and attraction and gravity and this, all these laws that you know about, and I would just leave it at that, you know. And I would talk about how the memo framework takes advantage of that, unlike other sales systems. See, most sales systems are all about, like, digging the knife into the pain or making you feel like you're losing out on something. Or, you know, that's typical sales tactics.

But, however, if you want to be completely ethical and completely, like, natural about it, then you incorporate these laws, these natural laws that you know about and that you studied about and you're already aware of. You know what I mean? And I wouldn't even, all the different, but see, that's, but that's what I would do, not knowing your audience, right? And so I think probably there's, there's some kind of, I think you're closer to what you should be doing than I would be if I did this lead, right? That's what I think.

Seriously. In terms of knowledge, I think my audience certainly knows about the laws, but not all of them. They know about the law of attraction, like everyone has heard about it, or not everyone, I don't know, but my audience have heard about it. But then when I go into the law of correspondence, law of gender, they might have heard it, but don't know how to work with them through, like, in specific things. So scroll down a little bit.

Let me see one of those laws. All right, right there. So the law of cause and effect, you can always be, you can always be the cause to affect your enrolling state. So for this example, so you take, so, so, so what would, what would a typical high pressure sales guy do instead of, of this, of being the cause to affect your enrolling state? Like, what would they, so I think, I think my audience, what they do is like, try once, twice, three times.

Like, it's not the closers that are my audience, but the coaches. So the coaches, they will have, you know, five, 10, 20 sales conversation, and it doesn't work. So they kind of give up. They will do a different kind of marketing strategy, other kind of marketing strategy, and another kind of marketing strategy. And they will not, like, kind of give up and not feel comfortable about sales.

Okay, so instead of, so what I would do is, here's some examples. So instead of, or rather than, like, failing two times or three times. Yeah, I'm recording. Good, okay. Instead of failing two or three times, yeah.

So here are some examples. Instead of trying to, instead of trying to close one, two, or three times, and then giving up and trying a different type of marketing or a different sales tactic. Because you're using that law of cause and effect. You, you have the power to stick with it. Or, or you, you know that it's just a matter of time.

It's not, it's not if, it's when, you know, or, or something like that. Maybe, like, contrast the two or something. So that, then it, what it does is it becomes, this law of cause and effect now becomes something that's, like, desirable. That is, that is, like, how does it, how does it help the sales process? You know what I mean?

How is it, how is it, yeah. So you tell me each one of them to give the contrast of how the others do it, how we do it. That, that might be the approach I would take, that the law of growth, you need to use, use or resist the law of growth accordingly to set yourself up for growth. So, so the law of growth is, so most, I might say that most, if you're like most coaches I know who try to do the sales, do their own phone sales. So every, every, every, every month when they look at their, their revenue, and they, I don't know, I'm struggling here.

You can either use or resist the law of growth and set yourself up for growth. So is this, is this the, the law where? Oh, here I have a good example. Usually people want to see growth first and then they invest rather than knowing that first you invest and then you grow. Okay.

So, oh yeah. Okay. So yeah, there, that's perfect. So instead of, you know, that first thing, you know, you're going to grow because of the law of growth. You, you, you, you, because it's part of, you know, it's one of the laws of the universal laws or something.

But see, each time I'm, I'm getting back to the sales process. Right. I want to be talking about the sales process with each one of these laws. And I'm not really explaining. So instead of wanting to see results first and then invest.

You know, you know, that the law of growth has you covered or, or something. I'll have to look at you. And that gives you, that gives you a completely different outlook. When you're on a sales call. You know, because you're not worried about growth.

It's going to happen. You don't think about it. You don't, um, you don't hope for growth. Right. Yeah.

That's it. If you're like most, um, coaches I know who are starting out trying to do their own sales, you hope for growth. Um, and you're disappointed when it doesn't happen. However, since you know that there's a law of growth, growth will happen. And so that doesn't get in your way.

That doesn't stop you, stop the sales process from occurring naturally. Or something. All right. Okay. I get the point.

So I'll reword. And I would also make it, make it more of a benefit than a teaching point. Does that make sense? Yes. I would, I would want to make all of these things a, um, a benefit of the law of growth rather than a teaching point about the law of growth.

Good. Okay. But I think you lost me already a little bit earlier. Or was it, did you, like you said, somewhere here that now gets complicated. Okay.

Shall I scroll up? Do you want to take over to scroll? Yeah. Stay there for a second. I'll read through it a little more quickly.

I don't believe it's a good question. Your thoughts. Scroll down. Your perceptions. Yeah.

True. Of your combined thoughts. As soon as you change. Before you. As soon as you change either your thoughts, emotions, or actions.

You change your truth. Results. Let's reverse engineer this. Okay. Scroll down.

What act does that have to bring to the table? What? Don't worry. I'll help you with that. First of all, you have to understand that things can change, things you can't.

The difference is powerful. You can't change the universal laws. That's it. The rest is up to you. And that's good news.

Thing is, if you can't change universal laws, don't resist them. But work with them. But in order to do that, you have to know them. And we'll get into that in just a minute. Because on the other hand, what you can't change are your energies and perceptions.

Right? Many now awaken to this and start to understand how it works in the realm, in all realms of life. But very, really few understand how to practically apply this in a sales conversation. So, like, many now awaken to this and start to grasp how it works in all realms of life. Like, why do you even say that?

So, that's just to lead up to the next sentence when you say, but very few really understand how to apply this to special fields, sales conversation. Anyway, I want to share with you this much more conscious, truly different light software. Okay. I'm with you now. I was reading it too fast before.

Okay. I'm reading it too fast. It's important if you feel that's overwhelming or not logical or whatever. So, I guess others will feel like this as well. Yeah.

So, but see, I was trying to do a couple of things. I'm trying to read it out loud and listen to how it sounds and make sure I understand the message. And, like, there's several things going on in my brain at the same time that tend to confuse me. Plus, I have COVID still. I got this brain fog going on.

So, let me do first. Yeah, so I would say that downward you get to start explaining the laws a bit. Turn that explanation into just a benefit point instead of an explanation point about that law and how it applies to selling. The benefit of this law when you're trying to sell is that you don't have to act. Because the benefit of when you're trying to sell is you don't have to why or you get to why.

You get to do why instead of, you know, ABC. See, that's what I would say. Because then what it is is now you're saying the big difference is you got the law thing going on. And here's the benefit of that. And, like, with this law, here's another benefit of doing that.

And here's another benefit of doing that. And here's another benefit of doing that. All these are the universal laws. You know these laws. This is why getting those and understanding those in the sales process is extremely important.

Otherwise, you're just throwing a towel. Otherwise, selling just becomes some horrible manipulative skill that you really don't want to have anyway. You know? So maybe my question that comes to my mind now is, like, they don't really, like, the mental, the seven mental moves, I mean, they are connected to the universal laws and everything, but it's not so fundamentally that they really understand. And what I thought, like, with that section, that really positions us as, you know, the people knowing these and guiding them accordingly.

And that the memo framework is built on that. Yeah. And that's, I think the fact that, I think the big point you need to make is that the memo framework is based on that. So now you don't have to be one of those sales guys. You can be who you are.

And you can be just someone who helps people. Right? And that's it. You can be someone who helps people. And then the selling naturally occurs.

The closing naturally occurs thanks to these laws. Right? But for, like, example, this law, you see it, which has this great big benefit, et cetera, et cetera. That's, in my mind, that's kind of where I was, I would love to see this thing go. You know, that you're not, maybe, maybe it's, you're actually not becoming a salesperson at all.

You're just becoming a great human, helpful human being that others just want to be around. Right? So that they suck off this, this, these help atoms from you. This, this, you know what I mean? Yeah, exactly.

Maybe that's really all that's going on, you know? The trick is not to convert you into a salesperson. You don't want to do that. Just be a great human being that adheres to the, that understands these laws. I love that.

You know what I mean? So that, and so that, that's a little more exciting than a review of these different laws. You know what I mean? Yeah. The way I like to think about it is because the lead, the role of the lead is to trigger emotion.

But I'm emotionally involved. And what does that, what does that, it's talking about the benefits of the payoff of the mechanism, rather than what it is, how it works. Yeah, another thing is that, Nadine, that as you're talking about these laws, now you're kind of talking about the laws instead of the memo framework. Yeah. Right?

And, and that's what, it's all about the excitement about the, the, the, the framework, the memo framework. Yeah. So that's good in this case to have. Yeah. But I want to get back to, yeah.

I like the, the laws are important because that's what the framework is. That's the framework of the framework. Right. But. Yeah.

So that's where I, with the law of attraction, I get back into the sales. And here's the memo from work again. Yeah. Matter of fact, what you could do. What I used to do when I was.

Back in, back in the day. Like learning this, this process is I would use. The name of the unique mechanism. And every single benefit statement. So it almost looked like.

The unique mechanism occurred in every sentence in the thing. I would eventually get rid of all of that, but just to make sure that it's all about the, the, the mechanism and how exciting that is, you know? Okay. So. So I'm turning this into a memo benefit.

Yeah. Memo benefits. Those are a minute. Like the, the law, the fact that there's a law of growth, that's a benefit of the memo framework. You know, because.

You don't stress out about, you know, when she, she, she, when you should invest or, or you don't worry about growth. Growth will happen to you because you are one with these laws and you're just a good person, you know? And so it just growth naturally happens. That's the law of growth. You don't have to worry about it using the memo frame.

Anyway, that, that's, that's, that's too many words, but that's kind of what I want that benefit to be, you know? So do I do this already in the lead? Because that does sound like the argument then. No, that's what, that is, that's the. Okay.

So I'm stating all the benefits and that's why they stay. Yeah. The, but yeah, the lead is full of benefits. The lead is full of benefits. Like when you talk about how different it is, those differences have to be superior than the other methods that you're different from.

And that when you talk about it, something superior, that's a benefit, right? There's a benefit to doing it this way, this different way. Okay. Okay. So I will redo this and Michael, I next Thursday.

What is it? Wednesday, I won't be around when you have your coaching hour. Can I send it to you for feedback? Yeah. Maybe we have a quick one-on-one, maybe in the morning.

Okay. Yeah. Yes. Do it in the morning. I have free time.

Good. You're on my side of the ocean. That's, that's when I prefer it to have it with you because. Yeah, me too. This time of day is just crazy for me right now.

Yeah, me too. The kids and dinner and everything else. But yeah. Good. Okay.

I really appreciate. So I'll redo this and I'll send you when I'm ready with redoing this. And then let's connect Wednesday morning. All right. Thank you.

You're welcome. Yes. Any of your thoughts, Aditza? Yeah, I just, what I said, you know, and I think the focus on the benefits triggering emotions, you know, so they get emotionally hooked. So they want to know what it is.

You don't tell them what it is here. You tell them later when they already want to hear about it, you know, because, because it sounds really good. Yeah. Yeah. But it's good.

I like, I like the, the, the writing itself. Thank you. Yeah. Even if, even if, like, you could cut out a lot of it, you could say, you could say that, like, not mention any of the laws in the lead. You could say that there are universal laws, you could, like, name a few of them, like X and Y and Z, and the cool thing about the memo framework is that that's the foundation of it.

And when you use the memo framework, you align yourself with all of these things. And then that way you don't have to X and you don't have to Y and you're able to Z and A and B and, you know, because, I don't know, you just do it, redo it, I'll look at it, but we'll get to it. Okay. I get excited. I worry about giving you bad advice in this particular niche, but I definitely think it was getting a little teachy there and less benefiting.

Yeah. About the mechanism. Okay. I appreciate. Thank you so much.

You're welcome. Okay. Have a great evening. Talk to you in a couple days. Yes.

Bye-bye. Bye-bye.
