---
title: "Foundations  2022-02-21 08:01:07"
date: 2022-02-21
duration: 25m
duration_seconds: 1539
vimeo_id: 679926390
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations  2022-02-21 08:01:07

**Date:** 2022-02-21 | **Duration:** 25m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, like this morning, like right now, which is kind of low in Europe.

And there are a few, like I was expecting Doreen to show up. Using advertising is getting harder and harder. Instagram changes its algorithm every two days. Facebook has started losing users for the first time in history. Position yourself on Google or YouTube is a...

Chinese job is like an expression in Spain. When you do, when you tell, it's like, you work like a Chinese people, you work a lot. Okay, okay. Lost in translation. That's funny.

That's funny. Almost as much as creating content to sell on social networks. And as long as that... And as if that were not enough, the launch formula or the automated webinars have stopped working. It's time to return to the origin.

Not to leave something as important as the sales of your digital business in the hands of other companies. It's a very important moment because everything is changing very quickly, except for one thing, email. Email is one sales channel. The number one communication channel is the most powerful tool you have to monetize your audience. Take advantage of your subscribers.

Take advantage of your subscriber list. Yesterday, it was an option. Today, it's a must. Okay, got it. It's urgent.

And composite narration is the most effective and simplest way to do that. Do it now. Okay. Yeah, I get it. Yeah.

So that's... That is a good way to add urgency. You know, talking about the changes in the market. Right? And I would say this here...

Hold on. Where did I see it? It's time to return to the origin. I would say something like it's time to return to what has always worked. What's never stopped working.

You know, to me, I don't know how it is in Spain. But when I think return to the origin, I think, well, emails like 40 years ago is 20 years ago, you know, 20 years ago was the first email. Maybe a little more than that. No, more. 30 years.

30 years. It's in 1978. Okay, so... Okay, so, I mean, if I say return to the origin,
and I'm thinking, really, back in the 70s? I'm going to do stuff back then?

You know, I don't want them to think that you're doing something really old that, right? You know, it's time to return to the things that have never stopped working, that have always worked. I understand. You know what I mean? Yeah, it's true.

For sure, I like. If I think something like this, that's why you're working on it. Oh, for scarcity, if you do it now, you get an extra two months of... No, this is something that in the last offer, but I don't have... It's a question.

Is it a good idea to put something like that? Yeah, because it's evergreen. Scarcity is always hard with evergreen. Yes. I would say that...

It's complicated. I would say, yeah, you could do something like this. For me, I would say everybody who's acting now will get X numbers of calls, extra calls with me. But then when I get to 40 people, that's it. I got to cut it off because otherwise the calls get too large or to be able to...

Okay. But 40 people is like when I have sell 40 courses, I put this, no? Say that, ask that again. If I put like, you have more, you have like two months of follow-ups, but only for the first 40 people that buy the course. Yeah, but why?

Why only for the first 40 people? Why is like, okay, it's the ideal quantity of people to give good support. Okay. All right. That's fine.

As long as it's a legitimate reason, it's fine. Because with scarcities, it's really difficult when you are running an evergreen, no? Yeah. Yeah, it is. But, I mean, when you make a statement like that, they don't know how many people have signed up or not signed up when they're reading this.

You know what I mean? They don't know. So it's okay for evergreen. You know, it's better than a date. You know, like if you say the next 14 days or next 10 days, and then they come back 20 days later, and it still says, you know, for the next 10 days or whatever.

Those are always hard with, scarcity-wise, with evergreen. But when Todd uses evergreen funnels, he uses something like deadline funnels or something like that. Yeah, but he stops the – yeah, he does. And he'll stop them. He'll stop the – he'll – but deadline funnels is – I mean, if you know how to do that, that's fine.

Then, yeah, you can do it. But they're – it's kind of expensive. You know what I mean? Yeah, I know, I know. And plus it's – you've got to get the tech right.

You've got to get the tech right. Otherwise, it'll blow up on you. You know? It's really easy to mess that up and end up having, you know, false scarcity. And he will – Todd does use deadline funnels from time to time.

But usually, when Todd has a scarcity, like a deadline scarcity, it's a real deadline. It's not a deadline funnel. So, for example, he's going to have another campaign soon. He's already started it a little bit. You've probably seen – if you look in his group, you will have seen some postings there.

And there's another – there's another –
About true or false, no? I saw yesterday. This one is true or false? Yeah, those things. Yeah, he's leading up to something.

I'm not sure I'm at liberty to talk about it. It's about a new product. I think either a product or a previous product or something that he's going to offer for limited time. And there's going to be a deadline. And it's a real deadline.

But because it's a kind of flash campaign or something like that. It's a campaign only in a –
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But in an E5 campaign, he used things like the funnel. Like the funnel. In an Evergreen campaign?

Say the question again with an E5 campaign. Because now maybe he's running a campaign only for a few days. But when he used Evergreen, like E5 campaign for the front end, in this campaign, you cannot use a real deadline. Yeah, yeah. Because you are running a campaign every day.

Yeah, but I'm not sure he uses deadline funnel for E5 campaign. I might be wrong there. But when he has Evergreen funnels, you know, I'll find out. I'll just ask him. I'll just ask him.

If you're going to use deadline funnel, first of all, they're the only game in town. Nobody else has a deadline, has a countdown timer like those guys. But it's really tech heavy. Because you have to be careful with the IP, no? Yeah, yeah.

And the problem is with mobile. There's a tricky way he does it with mobile. I mean, if you're using Wi-Fi hotspots with mobile, you have a different IP address. That's true. And so I think he might even be using machine addresses.

I don't know. I don't know that. But regardless, those aren't always available. And like, especially on like iPhones or something. And it's just that it's tricky.

You know what I mean? It's tricky. And if you don't do it right, you just mess the whole thing up. And it's kind of complicated. So all I'm saying is if you're going to use a deadline funnel,
if you're going to go to the expense of that, then make sure you, you know,
you follow all the directions.

For testing the minimum viable funnel, it's not necessary, no? No, no. Okay. So I think this is for as far as scarcity goes, having a scarce quantity is easier with an evergreen funnel than a deadline. You know, that's all I'm saying.

And if you're saying things like, that's why if you register, you get an extra two months. It could be that. It could be that. You're doing that because your favorite clients are the action takers. That's a legitimate reason.

That's legitimate. It's an extra two months. You know, if you're going to sign up now before I'm even through talking about it, man, I'll give you an extra two months of sessions with me. Because you're exactly the kind of people I love working with, you know, you do what I say, you listen, we get a great relationship going together, you know, whatever the reason is. But that's also a good way to use scarcity.

I mean, that's a good excuse, a good reason. I just like having a reason for scarcity because there's so much false scarcity out there. I know. You know, and it's just and when I see it, I think. No, no, I know.

And I know here in Spain we have a problem with this because it's like there are so many people doing like false scarcity and over promise. And it's like the market is a bit tired of healing, always the same things, you know, the same kind of over promise and the same kind of false scarcity. And like two years ago, two years before, people is like, OK, this is new. But now people is more and more with more level of conscience about the market and about the marketers. They don't know more like, OK, this one is a free training.

At the end, they are going to sell me something. It's much better to be honest, I think. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, plus, if you are, if you, the more honest you are, they'll see that and they'll pick up on that.

I think, I think it's an advantage and I have only one question more. Can I share my screen for, for sure? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let me stop sharing. Because the last, the last day I was working and I put, this is the name of my mechanics in Spanish, you know, I put it, I put this one in, in Google because for check, because I checked before and I, I forget that there is only one, one page, not sure.

This is always, it's one blog post talking about something similar, but for, for, for writers. Because it's like, this is my name and the translation is, composite narration. It's, it's, it's like a kind of writing that the beginning is more than simply before. It's like the, the, it's like to put together different chapters in a book that you can read every chart, every chapter, every chapter separately, but together they did a whole history. Do you understand?

Yeah, I understand. So I think it is, it's the same name that my mechanics, but it's only one, one post in, in internet or two. Yeah, but, okay. There's no more. So it's, it's probably fine if it's, if it's easy to find, like, that's the first thing that, see, that's the first thing that shows up.

The worst thing that could happen is they read your lead and they say, oh, narration conquista, right? Oh, what is that? And they stop reading and they Google it and they say, oh, oh, so that's what I have to do. You know, I, I don't want them, you know, even if it's not, even if it's not what you're talking about, if it's not the same thing, it doesn't matter if they think it is, they'll. Okay, so it's the idea to change, to change the name.

So, because I have another name that is like, combinata is like combinative narration and there is nothing, there is nothing similar on internet. Yeah, put it in quotes, put it in quotes. This one? Yeah, put it in quotation marks. Yeah, there you go.

Yeah, it looks like that one's, that one's fine. Yeah, but it's, yeah, that's. That one, I think that one's probably better. You know, it's hard for me to say because I don't speak Spanish and I'm not sure exactly. But if it feels like that first one, the one you're using now, if it's, if they can, if they, if they type it in Google and the first thing they see is a report about it and it's about writing.

It might be, it might be, it might be something that, it might be something that they can say, oh, so that's what this is. You know, I can, I guess if it's. Yes, I understand you. And my mind was like, okay, they, they maybe can read this, but this is something similar to marketing or something like that. So, it's like.

It's, you can try it. Just try it, man. Try it. No, for me, it's like, or composite narration or a combative narration, for me, it's the same, more or less. Okay.

It's more or less the same name. Okay. Here is, this one is like, the thing is, I, I, I, I was thinking like, okay, it's only like, that's not something related to, to, to marketing. The thing is, if you are already curious people, maybe you can check this one and it's like, it's a sort of post, I don't know. Yeah, so if, and, and that's a, that's a good point, because if they read this and they, and they're thinking, well, what does this have to do with marketing?

Then they're going to go back, have to go back and finish reading what your, what your thing is. So, yeah, it's fine. Leave it, leave it, leave it, leave it. Okay. I would leave it.

Okay, Michael. So, I will go with the list and the headline this week. Okay. I want to launch soon. But I'm really happy with this campaign.

I think that's, I will, I guess I will work. Yeah. It feels good to me too. Yes. And I like, I am, I am happy because it's like, you know, there is a, my feeling is there is a problem here in Spain with a promise based on numbers.

You know, when you promise some quantity of money, quantity of something, I think it's, it's like, people are tired. I don't know what happened, but I am running a virtual event, so I did more than 80 interviews with the biggest players in Spain and Latin America. And people told me that 2021 was a really hard year because most of the people are tired of the promise with a big transformation. People that are really doing good money here in Spain, the promise is only you are going to learn how to copy, how to do marketing, how to use Instagram, how to get more followers in Instagram. But no, we didn't promise.

Yeah, those are transformations. Those are just things to learn, right? Yes, but it's more like go to the school that transforms your life. In the past, two years before, the bigger players is you change your life, you change your life, you change your life. And now the bigger players is the opposite.

I don't know if in USA it's the same, but here it's like Sega. Every market, I guess that is different, but here in Spain it's like people are selling no more knowledge than transformation. I don't know if in USA. Okay, this week I am in Madrid, so if you want to come to Madrid, because in three days I am running one small event, network event for digital entrepreneurship here in Madrid. Say that again.

I will organize this week one small networking event for digital entrepreneurship. Cool. Yes, it's like 20 people in a bar taking years. Oh, cool, cool. Yes, yeah.

Some of the information. I don't know how busy I'm going to be. I mean, I am running these kind of events every month here in Madrid for digital entrepreneurship. It's like, it's only for fun, for VR and with people, something like that. So, if in this year you want to come to this event, I invite you.

Maybe. Bring my wife. For sure. I invite both of you. So, if you want to come to Madrid for one weekend, something like that.

Yeah, but see, I don't speak Spanish very well, so I would be. No, you know, we are people with high level of English in Spain. I know, I know, I know, I know that, I know. But still, the normal, you know. It's not true, but I think the digital entrepreneurs, people speak English more or less.

So, you can come because, and if you come, I will do a form, and you only come if you speak English. So, for the people. Okay, Mackey, so I have to go because I have everything now. Okay. All right.

Take care. Bye-bye. Bye. Bye-bye.
