---
title: "Foundations  2021-12-13 08:02:57"
date: 2021-12-13
duration: 2h 3m
duration_seconds: 7430
vimeo_id: 656085627
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations  2021-12-13 08:02:57

**Date:** 2021-12-13 | **Duration:** 2h 3m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hello? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Alex? You there? Hey, Alex? Alex?

Alex? Hello? Hello? Check, check, test. Hold on.

Testing? It must be you, man. Hey, Michael? Hey, that's better. Hey, that's better.

Oh, all right. Hey, how's it going? Good, man. How about you? Great.

I haven't heard from you in forever. Yeah, a long time no see. Nice to be here. Nice to be talking with you. I sent you an email a couple of days ago.

I don't know if you got it. Um, because basically, um, um, if it's, if it's possible, I would like to get on a call
with you. Oh, well, man. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely.

Hold on. Let me put my, um, let me put my, uh, hold on. Yeah. Yeah. Hold on.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. All right.

All right. Yeah. Um, cause I have a couple of things to ask you, but if today there is, um, there's time,
I would, uh, you know, of course, man, we can start. It looks like, it looks like you're not the only ones here so we can talk today, but just,
just in case, um, I don't answer your questions in the chat. I'm going to put my, um, schedule.

Yeah. Well, I'm going to save this one. Wait a second. Uh, chat. There you go.

Oh, okay. One stop. There you go. Awesome. All right.

Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool.

Cool. Cool. Thanks. All right. Good.

Okay. So, um, if you want, we can go on and, uh, I have a couple of questions for you. Yeah. Hit me. Yeah.

So, so basically what, what is, um, um, I want to update you a little bit. Um, since we started with the, if I coaching, we've had, uh, too many agency clients and we,
we couldn't handle them all. So we, we, we started, you know, implementing a weight, a waiting list for the, for the agency. So I didn't launch a new, uh, front end campaign just because I don't have enough personnel,
you know, enough, you know, people on the team to, you know, to, to, uh, service everybody. So what a horrible problem.

Yeah. It's a, it's a nightmare, you know, so, so basically, um, the thing is this, uh, lately though, um,
even though, uh, we have, uh, we've had, um, great success with some clients, for example,
the one client, uh, we made a, a successful million dollar launch. This was, this, this was the first one in my career basically. So, and we, I've done it myself. I've written it myself with, uh, you know, all the principles that you guys teach.

So, uh, the big idea, uh, the market sophistication awareness and, uh, you know, finding the right
customer avatar and, uh, wants, needs, everybody, everything. Um, even though this happens on the, uh, in the meanwhile, we failed with three clients. Um, one is a, um, one company sells, um, like it's a, I don't know if I say it properly in English,
but it's a water depuration system for the home. So you clean your water from, you know, all the bad stuff that's in it. And, uh, it tastes bad and, uh, you can make it taste better.

This campaign we failed. Now, the other campaign that we failed is a, um, online course to, uh, become a nail artist. So a nail artist course. And, uh, another male, a male art nail, nail, nail nails. Yeah.

Yeah. Nails. Yeah, exactly. Got it. Finger nails.

Um, yeah, yeah, yeah. So this one we failed as well. So nail, nail artist. And, um, and the other one that we failed was a, um, an entrepreneur that sold, um, a service
is amazing. Actually.

I don't know why we managed to, but I'm gonna, I'm gonna explain it to you so you can help
me find a way out. Um, um, he saw, he sells a service, uh, so basically they write your book. They publish your book and they, um, build your book funnel of that for 5k. So it's an amazing, you know, offer and they are really good at it. They have a ton of testimonials, but, uh, even though, you know, the service is great.

We couldn't, we weren't able to, to generate enough, uh, interest in it, both on the lead
generation side and the, um, no, um, application generation side. So basically there was, he said both, uh, sorry, all three were VSL funnels, VSL funnels,
and they have an opt-in page that, uh, you know, it's, it's a wall. And so you have to insert, uh, enter your, uh, name and email and then get access to the
video. So basically for all those three, um, cost per lead was high, sky high. It was something like, you know, um, $25, $50, $35.

So it's a very, very super costly. The leads for, for, for lead. Okay. For the lead, for the lead. Yeah.

The application, they, they wouldn't even, you know, get on the phone. Like there is, it's like, you know, when you like fail hard, hard, hard with marketing,
like, so it's kind of like you never, you didn't do the research. Um, so all of those three, um, campaigns have one thing in common. We didn't go to a solution aware people. We went to, uh, problem aware people with a big idea with a big marketing idea.

Um, so now, and now what I, what I'm doing is this, um, I'm restructuring the campaigns
to go to product aware people. So people that are in the market for that product, for example, the book funnel guy, like the
guy that builds your book funnel, writes your book. Uh, we went, we, the big idea was there is an ethical shortcut that some of the most famous,
famous, um, entrepreneurs in the world are using in order to create their personal brand
and make so that everybody knows them in their niche. So they are the number one in their niche, right? If you want to know what it is, there is a video that I've recorded after 20 years of,
you know, research on entrepreneurship.

If you want to watch it, leave your name and email here. That was the big idea. Um, and it failed miserably. Like it, it's, it didn't work like, um, one bit, but on the, on the, on the contrary,
when I did the, uh, product launch, the million dollar product launch, that one was pretty similar. Like it, the big idea was for, for that one is there is a group of people that know the new rules of,
you know, to, to become an, um, a, an influencer online in 2021.

If you want to know the rules that those guys know that make them famous, basically overnight,
leave your name and email and join this, this event. Right. And this worked like crazy leads for $2 leads for $3. So I'm kind of struggling to understand what makes a big idea, um, work and what doesn't. It seems like right now I was super, super confident when I, you know, was, was studying your material.

I was starting to understand it's like, now I'm like, I was, I had this confidence. Like now I'm the God of marketing basically. So, and, and, and I did this million dollar launch. So I felt super, super confident. And then I had three campaigns in a row fail on me.

So I wanted to, I want to understand better how to, you know, how to get better at the game and, uh, what you might have to say about those campaigns. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, um, it's cool that you, that you, uh, started off with a million dollar launch.

Yeah. And then you got a splash of cold water in your face. Yeah. Um, what I'm going to tell you is that when we, when we come up with a big idea, um,
that's, that's the most subjective thing we do pretty much because, um, everything else, the primary promise, the unique mechanism, the, um, the offer, the, you know, that's all based on really on data and research that we've done. Yeah.

Yeah. But then what we do is we try to think, okay, what would really make them interested or really make them stop? And, you know, what's, what's the story? What's the one thing that, um, just grabs them. And that's the most subjective thing.

Right. So, um, that's why, that's why a lot of times we'll try a big idea and that doesn't work. And we'll try another big idea and that doesn't work. But then I show you the, um, you know, you mentioned the water filtration thing that I show you the, um, the, the, the Agora water filtration things. No, no, I don't think so.

Can I share my screen right quick? Yeah, of course. Now, remember, this is an, uh, this is an American audience. Mm hmm. Right.

Um,
Got to wait for zoom to get out of my way. Okay. E5. Okay. This is, this is for a, um, a water filtration system.

Right. It's actually just one of those pictures, you know, like a Brita filter that you put in a picture and you, you know, it's like 40 something dollars, but, um, it's an E5 campaign. And you see, they've got the, the, the mechanism is the special filtration that you have to use to number one, clean the water. Number two, alkaline is make it alkaline. Right.

Yeah. Yeah. So that's the, that's the mechanism and the promises of course, health, better health. But as you see, they've got an interesting idea here. Shocking water experiment.

I was. Yeah. So if you want to, my headline for the, um, but here, here's another, I just wanted to show you. Yeah. Yeah.

Dirty water. Yeah. I'm doing pretty much the same thing. Okay. It's the, it's the, um, there is no opt in page for mine as well.

Like this one, you can, you can watch the video, right. As soon as you get on the page, I don't see that you have to enter your email. Wait, wait. Okay. So, um, you're, you're skipping the opt in page.

Yes. Okay. Yeah. So, and because the leads were costing me like crazy and I tested the, um, no opt in,
opt in page variation, but then, uh, no appointments booked. And I, we created a short documentary film, right.

For, for this client. And it was like the shocking truth that the Italian government doesn't want you to know
about what, uh, public water, like the water, the bronze, uh, in a house. The shocking truth that the Italian government doesn't want you to know. And there's a company in Venice near Venice. They basically polluted a huge, um, water supply.

That's underground. I don't know how it's called. And, um, yeah, yeah, exactly. And, uh, this, uh, this pollution is, um, harming a lot of people there in, uh, in the,
this region. And, uh, it's kind of like an expose.

It's basically like a, uh, a, um, how do you say a docu film? And, uh, there is, uh, people that get interviewed and there is a, you know, um, all, all, all
sort of stuff basically to convince you that the only way you can drink, um, clean water
is by using a disfiltration system that actually has a unique selling proposition as well. Well, because it, um, it, um, it's, it's called a reverse osmosis, the mechanism, the unique
mechanism. And, uh, basically it's the only thing that alkalinizes the water the right way and, uh,
cleans it the right way without leaving it, without removing all the, uh, all the, uh,
bottles right in the water. So you can have a, uh, water that tastes good, that it's good for your kids.

You can, you can cook with it. You can, uh, uh, drink it on tap without, you know, always having to shop for, um, bottles
of water and, um, plastic bottles of water. And then in the documentary, there's also the part about the, um, plastic, uh, of the water,
water, you know, you say plastic water, um, it's not safe as well as the, the tap water,
because the plastic water has, um, a lot of problems with, uh, microplastics going inside
the water. You don't see them, but they are, they harm you long-term. Right.

And so there is all this, you know, um, super, um, like, um, documentary that talks about this,
but yeah, in the end it didn't work. We spent a lot of time and effort and the headlines are super, very, very similar to
the ones that you, that you showed me. I would, I would like to show it to you, but then this client basically told me that he
is not interested in doing the campaigns anymore. And, uh, he had them shut off, but it was a, a very, very elaborated message and it failed
so miserably that I don't understand. I don't understand.

And so we said, yeah, let's try to, uh, the solution was since it's kind of like a lottery,
we, we say, so let's test the big ideas before we build the, the, the headline, the, the, sorry,
the, um, the campaign. Um, let's test the big idea. Let's test the big idea. Just, just the big idea and see if we generate enough clicks, if we generate enough leads
in KPI. And then we say, okay, the video is being, you know, created.

And, um, if you will get it when it's ready, if you want to unsubscribe click here, for
example, in a thank you email that we send them. Uh, so instead of, you know, creating the sales letter and everything, we just test the
big idea and then we create the, uh, the, the, the, the campaign. Um, I don't know what you think about this, but yeah, I cannot understand why it failed
actually, because the message was very refined. It was very, very similar to the one that you showed me, but, um, yeah, it'll work. Yeah.

Yeah. So you're, so you said you did find a, an idea after you. No, no, we didn't. We didn't because the client, this client, this specific client told me that, uh, he's
not interested in doing internet campaigns anymore. Oh, okay.

So he doesn't want us to, to manage his ads anymore and his campaigns. So, um, so, but, but yeah, I cannot, I cannot fathom. Like, I cannot understand why, uh, it couldn't, couldn't work like that because so for the,
for them, like this campaign was, uh, on people that are problem aware, probably aware about,
about the, um, I'm sorry, not aware of the problem, not aware. So they're not, they were not aware that they are, that the water is polluted. Right.

So we're saying this is shocking. This, uh, you know, group of, uh, this little group of independent, this independent researchers
group found that Italian water is, uh, is, um, um, how do you say? Um, polluted, polluted. Yeah, exactly. In some regions, find out if your region has clean water.

Right. And this campaign is only on, uh, on, uh, Venice and, uh, the region of, uh, Veneto. Right. So, uh, Northern Italy. And of course the campaign talks about, um, the water being polluted in near Venice and,
uh, near the, you know, in the Veneto region.

Um, so it's, uh, the question, the question, find out if your water is safe is always, of
course, no, it's not. You, you have to buy a, uh, filtration system. And this, the cool part about this is that you can have it for free. You don't even have to buy it because there is, uh, the government that is, uh, sponsoring,
that it's subsidizing for, you know, people to get a filtration system. So it's, uh, it's nuts for me, but why does it work?

It's crazy. It's crazy. You don't even have to spend money. So, uh, but yeah, there is not enough interest about the subject matter. It's strange though.

Strange though, because, uh, this is one of the, um, you know, so it's actually free
to offer. Yeah, it's free, free. We can't, they come to your, to your house, they test your water. And, uh, then they, uh, they give you the, um, the option to get the for free, of course. And then you get the option to, to get the water filtration system.

Then it's basically free. You just pay for the filters once they deteriorate, but it's like what for one year, it's the first
year. It's basically completely free. And then you just pay for the like 300 bucks, 500 bucks for the filters. That's it.

And the machine costs 3000. Right. And you're going to have it for free. So yeah. I don't understand why it failed.

Really. Like, so yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.

Yeah. Yeah. So I'll tell you, man, the, the big idea that that first part going to, and you know,
I never, the leads leads are always going to be, first of all, if you skip the traffic
captivation page, when you're doing a minimum viable funnel, doing your testing. Yeah. Your, um, leads are not going to be as good.

The audience is going to be a lower quality. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah.

Right. No, but I did, I did skip it because, uh, I tried, um, with the document, the documentary
it was okay. Watch it. Watch the video now. And then a pop-up would, you know, a pop-up would show up and, uh, you would type the name
and email and then hit submit.

But people were asking, why do I have to leave my name and email to watch a documentary? Right. And in fact, the leads were costing us like, you know, 20 euros per lead, 25 euros per
lead. It's too much. Right.

Because people didn't understand why they would have to leave their name and email address
in order to watch a documentary video. Uh, I said, it's, it's, it's a documentary, you know, it should be free. Right. It should be, uh, because we, the, the, the big idea of the company was this research
group. Like, um, um, the found this out is now, um, talking about it in, uh, to expose the government.

Right. So the fact, so, so in people, people's minds, it should be free. I shouldn't have to pay for this. So, okay. So we said, okay, we removed the opt-in page.

I just, in fact, the clicks were costing us like 29 cents or, uh, 15 cents. So we said, wow. Okay. Because this, uh, we, we had very click baity headlines and very, you know, aggressive type
of, um, of messaging, but on all the clicks that watched the, uh, the, uh, documentary,
it was like a 35 minutes documentary. Like it wasn't even that long, maybe 40 minutes.

Um, then nobody booked a call like zero. Like it was completely, completely bombed. And I don't understand why, because we, the same principles I applied for these campaigns
were the ones that I applied for the million dollar launch campaign. Like it's just basically the same. And, um, and now that you show me the Gora's headlines, like our headline, I like my headlines
more.

Oh, of course. Of course. Of course. So, so yeah. Yeah.

Um, uh, so you're going after the unaware audience. Yeah. People that are not looking right now for a depuration system or depuration system, but,
um, you know, regular people, people that drink water from the, from the tap, but are
sensitive about the, you know, health issues, you know, cooking with, uh, um, healthy foods
for themselves and, uh, for the, for their kids, you know, people that buy bio organic food,
people that, you know, um, tend to eat healthy and, uh, cook and, uh, you know, in your, in
your million dollar launch, what was the, um, hook there? The hook on the millionaire launch was, um, um, um, um, uh, there is a group of people
that knows a, um, the way to, um, to, how do you say it in English? Like to emerge.

How do you say to emerge from the online chaos basically, and be able to, to, uh, start,
um, creating a following of people that really, uh, basically admire them and buy everything
that they're selling. Right. And they are able to monetize their audiences while some other people, like the majority
of the people right now, trying to launch an online business, uh, doesn't, you know,
doesn't succeed at doing this. And, uh, he's continually struggling to get noticed and, uh, get clients. So if you want to know how, you know, um, the, um, the influencers that are making it big
for doing, you know, to create a following and, uh, launch successful products, then sign
up for this four days event.

And we teach you because we are the ones behind many. Yeah. Yeah. Wouldn't you say that that's for problem aware? That's for problem aware.

Yeah. Yeah. That's for problem aware. Yeah. And the water filtration was for the unaware audience.

Exactly. Yeah. That's man. That's hard. I don't even know how to crack that nut.

Um, I would, if, um, like first a couple of things you said now, reverse osmosis, that's,
that's not a unique mechanism. That's a mechanism, but it's all, I mean, wouldn't you say that everyone's hurt? I mean, can't you just go down to the hardware store and buy a reverse osmosis water filtration
system there? Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Go ahead. Sorry. Go ahead. Um, I can, I can go down to the anywhere and buy reverse osmosis that you mount under
your kitchen sink.

Right. Yeah, exactly. So, um, and it's like, what would be, I guess, I guess what problem, like if you were
going after problem aware people for a reverse osmosis water system, what would it be? What would, what would the problems like, what would you, if you did the research, if
you, um, interviewed a lot of these people, what would they, what kind of things would
they say that is, um, that is, uh, that are desires that they have around that, around
water, around health, around that? Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This, that's the thing. I, um, I'm not 100% accurate on the answer.

If you ask me, because I am not the one that did the campaign. Like I, you had a copywriter that was instructed to, you know, do the research and, uh, do it
properly and, uh, and everything. So, um, I don't know. I can, I don't, I cannot answer it for you, but I, it's clear to me that there's something
wrong. Like there's something that even though the marketing seems good and the principled and,
uh, um, the messaging, I believe that the copy is a great copy, but, um, probably there's
something going on that, uh, is not, um, it's, I'm sure it's our understanding of the
market.

I'm sure it's our, but then I had another campaign that I curated personally that failed
and for, was for a new company that we were launching. And it was called like, um, um, um, it was a company, but like, uh, um, and sorry, do
you, can you still hear me? Yeah, I can hear you. Yeah. It's, uh, something popped up.

Uh, and, uh, basically this one, I can answer you. And it was the, for the problem aware market, right? And it was a company about, um, a, um, the big idea was this. Let's see if you, if you, if you like it, if you understand it. So, um, the target market was young people that were having a hard time finding a job that
they like and that pays them well and, um, or are losing the job because right now with
the pandemic and everything, a lot of people that, you know, we're working in restaurants,
bars, you know, are getting fired.

Uh, so the, um, the, um, the message was this. So, um, you have, you have, um, so it was called the, the, the big revenge or the big, um, I
don't know how it, as it sells in English, but the big, um, revenge of the digital natives,
basically. Right. But it's not revenge. It's not revenge.

It is, um, the comeback. Like it's a, um, there is a, a way of saying it in Italy. It's called, uh, uh, riscatto. Uh, riscatto means that you once, you know, you had to suffer about something, but then,
but now it's your time to, you know, to shine. It's your, it's your, you know, uh, you can, uh, now become someone important.

You can now become someone that, uh, you know, gets, uh, his voice gets heard. Right. And it, the big idea is it's like, so there, uh, since there, uh, there is this new digital
revolution going on, uh, there's, um, all those entrepreneurs around Italy that have
to go online with their, uh, business, right. With their company. And, um, and so what, what they're doing right now, it's, they're struggling because
they're, they're don't have, they're not digitally savvy to do this on their own.

And they are looking for someone to guide them into this, you know, digital revolution,
uh, kind of like, you know, a, um, a, um, we, we, we, we made this metaphor. It's like, um, the man from the big city that goes into the jungle. Right now that the native, um, the, the, the native people from the jungle, if they go
into the city, they get, you know, they, they're not, they cannot land a job there. They cannot, you know, they cannot live in the city, but it's the same thing for the, you
know, the, um, the entrepreneur from New York that suddenly finds himself into the jungle. And he has to, you know, survive in the jungle.

Now you are a digital native, right? So you've born, you were born with your smartphone in your hands and surfing the net. Right. So things that for them are super, super complicated and hard for you, they are easy and you can
become a guide for those entrepreneurs by just learning this, uh, three skills that are critical
for them to, uh, you know, succeed in this new digital age and transform yourself into a consultant,
right. Right.

For those people. So right now you don't like your job. You can find this, uh, way out, right. And, uh, become a well-paid, respected professional that, uh, you know, this is, this was the big
idea. And so it was an event, a four day event where we teach you this, those three critical skills
for you that you are a digital native.

So you were born with, uh, internet and the smartphones and, you know, Google and Facebook
and everything else to, you know, transform yourself into a guide for those people. And even in this one fail as well. Like, I don't understand why. And those are problem aware people. Problem aware.

Yeah. They're, they're problem. So what is it that they want? What did you figure out that they wanted? So two things they want.

Um, the first thing they want is, um, um, so like I've from the research, I believe those
are the things that they want. Like, this is what I understood from the research. So they would like a job that, um, that leaves them time, freedom, a job that, um, pays them
well, a job that allows them to, um, you know, it's to get everything they want. As soon as soon as possible. Cause they are millennials.

They don't want to, you know, do, um, they want it quick. Like they don't, they don't have this culture, this, uh, you know, uh, I will work for a work
for 20 years and then I'll become someone they want to be someone they want. Right. Then, uh, what they want is, um, to, uh, to feel important, to feel appreciated in their,
in their job, uh, they want to, um, uh, make money. They want to make more money than, than now they want to work from home.

They want to, you know, do something that they're passionate about. And, uh, they're looking actually for, uh, for a new, they're looking for a new, uh, I
don't, I don't know how to say it. Um, opportunity I'd say. Right. Okay.

This is what they, they want. Um, my understanding now, now since the campaign failed, we pondered about this, uh, thing
because, uh, you know, if you ask me, this is what's something that I, I, um, think about
myself like, uh, seven years ago, eight years ago, this is exactly who I was back then. Right. I was looking, we're searching for something new to do. But, uh, if, um, right now, after, after he bombed, we basically said what, what was
missing into this campaign were two, two things.

So we weren't showing money. We weren't showing that you can get rich with this. Right. It was very clear that you had to bust your butt to, to learn, you know, a new skill. And then you could, you know, make money with it.

And then you could, it wasn't a get rich quick thing. It was super clear. Like, because it was very, you know, the language was, uh, um, yeah, even though it's an opportunity,
even though it's obtainable for you, uh, because you're a digital native and you have all those
skills already, but it was clear that you had to work. Right. It was not a system that to make money.

Right. Not, it wasn't a hack, a trick. It wasn't like this. It wasn't like this. And then it wasn't a, uh, get a job for, um, um, because in Italy, I don't know in France,
but in Italy, there's many people that want the safe and secure job.

They don't even care about, you know, making a killing. They want to know that they will work in a company and then, you know, keep working there
like forever. So it says, we call it the post office. So it's the, um, the place that it's, um, fixed. It's called like the job job place that it's like, doesn't go away ever.

So both of those things that are like the make money, the opportunity seekers crew. Right. And the post office. So crew, we didn't talk, you know, about this because it's not a, something that in fact,
you, you become a freelance and then you have to, you know, generate your clients. We teach you how to do it, but it's clear that you have to do work.

You have to be ambitious. You have to be, uh, outgoing and, uh, everything else. So, yeah. Um, what was the offer? The, so we didn't even get to, to, it was a product launch, the three, um, you know,
Jeff Walker style product launch.

We aborted the launch because leads were costing us 30, 50 bucks for this one as well. Uh, so we didn't even do it. It was a new company that we wanted to create with one of our clients that made several
millions, um, with, uh, our, you know, consultations this year and he sells, um, he has an e-commerce
basically. And, uh, so we said, Hey, this, since we are struggling to find people, you know, to help
us in our ventures, why don't we launch an education company and we build, you know, this
was the idea behind this launch, right? So we're struggling to find tech guys.

We're struggling to find marketing automation experts, uh, media buyers. So we said, why don't we just, uh, you know, teach them how to do it, but get paid to, to
teach them instead. So we, we went, we went ahead with this product launch, but it failed like completely. And, uh, I didn't even, we didn't write the rest of the, of the launch. We just, you know, tried with this, um, big idea and I, let, let me show it to you because
it's quite strange.

Yeah. Um, I can wait. Okay. Okay. There we go.

Look at this. Uh, let me see if I can translate it for you. Okay. Uh, so this like is the, the big, uh, revenge of the digital natives. The rescato is not revenge.

It's, um, the ransom, the ransom. I don't even know if you can say it in English, but it basically, it means, uh, so this is like
the title of the event and means that now if you're a digital native, so if you were born
born with, um, in the, in the digital world, you can, um, now have this ransom, this, uh,
you know, now you're important. Now you can, uh, you know, uh, so, um, and it says the copies is, so this is dedicated to
everyone who wants to, um, um, basically this is, um, yeah. Yeah. That's a professional method is, uh, create a successful, uh, career and become non-substitutable,
not, you can, non-replaceable, right.

In 2022. And since the, uh, look at the date, right. It was 20 December, 2021. Uh, so December, 20, 2021, uh, it was resembling the, uh, you remember when, uh, the, the Mayan
calendar, uh, in the 2012, yeah, the word was about to be over. And so we, um, so since it's the digital natives, we went on with the, you know, creating this,
uh, theme, um, of the, you know, the Mayan calendar, the Mayas.

Right. So this was the, the, the, the idea behind it. Send me the link. Send me the link to that. Let me see if I can translate it right quick.

Yeah. Yeah. Let me, wait a second. I'll send it to you. Chat.

There you go. You should have it. Okay. See if you can. All right.

Hold on. Okay. Yeah. Translate. Okay.

So. Dedicators want to realize themselves professionally and become irreplaceable in 2022. Take God's ransom. Digital natives, what you learned during this training event. All right.

Thousands of ordinary kids have become highly paid professional. Able to play an important role in the company organization. all right. The college of founded. England.

The faculty line. All right. That's right. Just ask us, that's it. And how do you think of your assigned board of my ozone pair?

Let us tell you enough to choose your assistant temperament. All right. Let us know who was a Abg. All right. Good for next slide.

Good for next slide. That's right. Well, it's to be reports of... The chemistry committee result. …
Alright.

All right. Welcome staff. From City. Home. You're giveaway parts to your Couple.

Hello. Who are going to visit my Unternehmen. So this is, this is a, this is to sign up for the product launch. It doesn't translate properly, but yeah, you got the gist of it. So there's a reason why.

It was not, it's not God's ransom. It's, it's, I think it doesn't translate to English. It's a, it's a word that it does. It only exists in Italy. Okay.

That's cool. Yeah. Let's see something here. I mean, it's got to means the comeback, the comeback. Okay.

The great comeback of the digital natives. The comeback. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, you were defeated once, but then you, you made a comeback.

Yeah. The great comeback of the digital natives. It's in Italian. So it's, it's like the ordinary kids. Yeah.

Of course it's the, it's not the kids, but it was, this was sent out to everybody in Italy. Right. Or certain, yes, everyone, everyone in Italy. Yeah. No, but at the it's of course interest targeting.

So people that are interested in digital marketing, online advertising, you know, working remotely, pay-per-click, stuff like that. So we tested like 50 interests, but it bombed on all 50. So, yeah, and, and I have to be honest, I don't, I don't know why, like, is there anything here where you talk about, where you talk about how this is, this is completely different or better than X or Y or Z? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Definitely.

Definitely. Go. That's what I'm looking for here. Keep going. Keep going.

I was hoping to see that in the lead. Cause I've taught you better. There you go. There you go. There you go.

There you go. Go, go up, go up, go up, go up, go up, go up again. See when he, when he says, it says, so there is supposed to be like you. You get grabbed and then you read, but if you don't, if you don't actually, there is not, it's not super highlighted, but there you go. Like it says, I know it may seem strange to you, but these skills are embodied in a professional figure.

So coveted and sought after by companies. It's so difficult to find that even web agencies struggle to put it, to put it at the service of entrepreneurs. In all cases, it would be unsustainable for them to hire, to hire it because it would require too high a pay given the scarcity of supply in the face of demand. Because what entrepreneurs are looking for is not a simple social media manager or CEO, SEO specialist or growth hacker. People that are like only experts in some of the tools that the digital market, you know, makes available.

But so, and they don't have a real strategic approach. So those professional figures to acquire, to acquiring online customers. So what do entrepreneurs need, it goes, say, so a new professional figure who approaches digital communication channels in a strategic way and uses them synergically, synergistically, sorry, to acquire customers from the web in a predictable and continuous way. Professionally able to guide companies from A to Z in a digital transition and which in jargon is called full stack marketer. Yeah, that's the thing.

So in this training event, that's, yeah. So it says in this training event, you will find out what are the three fundamental skills to develop to transform yourself into this professional figure in less than 12 months. Even if you don't know anything about digital marketing and come from a completely different sector. Click here to sign up. So, yeah.

Okay. It says, like, this is something that it's so coveted, so rare, so, you know, that even web agencies are not able to find those people and they get paid so much, it would be impossible for them to hire, you know. And if you want to know what are the skills that require to transform yourself into this professional figure, sign up for the event. Yeah. So, but they are not solution aware, like this, those people don't know about the existence of this particular, so, like, become a programmer.

Click here. The full stack marketer is a full stack marketing. Sorry, the full stack marketer is something that we came up with. Also, it's someone that can build websites. They can, you know, do marketing automation.

They can write a little bit of copy. They can, so it's not something that they know. That's like the market doesn't know it. Yeah. But we went to the problem aware and said, okay, this is the solution.

Sign up here. Right. I don't know. So this, I'm just, from what you will learn. Yeah, it doesn't translate.

Yeah, it's okay. Yeah, it's okay. I was trying to, trying to get clear on the, on the promise you're making. Yeah, it's right beneath the headline. Yeah.

That's here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

And then it goes on to expand. And, but basically it's the promise is to become a coveted professional that gets paid a lot
of money to help those entrepreneurs doing the transition to digital. That's it. Okay. And that's 1,000 from highly paid professional.

Okay. Okay. see what when i look at this highly paid professionals able to play an important
role within the company organizational chart sitting alongside entrepreneurs from day one
um let's say let's say what i do is um
like right now i i'm a professional um
let's say i'm a millennial and i've been working like um with road crews or whatever doing stuff
you know i'm tech savvy so
i mean i'm i'm fixing streets i'm fixing roads right and i see this um allowing thousands of
kids become highly paid professionals and i'm thinking professional what
you know to be able to play an important role within the company organizational chart
you know it doesn't translate it doesn't translate it doesn't translate yeah
yeah in the organization you can say the organization yeah let's say you know let's
say i work in a bank right and then i got laid off yeah because pandemic or whatever or so
what what do i what's in here that would attract me
yeah the fact that you can um you know become a highly paid um consultant
because it doesn't translate it says professional but consultant okay and uh
and that when he said sits along sitting alongside entrepreneurs from day one it's it means that you
you don't have to um you can become like um it was this metaphor in the ad so the great
vizier you know the one that uh it's the counselor of the king right so from day one you skip ahead of
all the people in the in every company because they need you desperately if you have those three
skills and you you know are able to that's why it says sit alongside of you know entrepreneurs
from day one because you are irreplaceable super so important in the company that you become
a uh you know someone that uh can and so and so of course you you make a lot of money so you're super
you're you're a highly paid professional that's why yeah okay so it's to be a consultant yeah it's good yeah
okay
interesting
interesting
okay and this is where you talk about
the why now frame yeah how it's
yeah it says yeah when it says the problem
it says um those skills are not found anywhere else go ahead go go go um keep scrolling
these are skills that are not found in a traditional university path or in
some course around the web in fact they are difficult to access otherwise they would
not be so coveted and sought after so it says basically you can only learn
them right by getting your rents dirty every day for years alongside the entrepreneurs
and now for a reason you will soon discover you will have the opportunity to know and learn those
skills from it doesn't translate well for answer from an insider it says who has been working in
digital for more than five years
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
so this is uh this client is no longer wanting to work with you or
no it's uh it was a company we were you know creating a new venture together but we decided to put it on
stop because it um yeah okay from our understanding it was uh you know the communication was uh very well
put but from for some reason it didn't land and we don't think it was because of the uh
the way it was presented but rather in what was presented
so it's the yeah uh because we didn't have you see here you don't see uh
get rich with uh you know becoming a consultant it's not like you know i don't know i say melvin's
that sits into uh you know in his apartment in you know new york and you have you
with a rolex on the wrist so it's it's something that you it screams hey you have to work like you
have to actually do something you have to it's like you can get rich by doing nothing and there's not
this like flashy lifestyle things i believe that uh we you know so like this so we alienate
all the uh opportunity seekers crew and then there is no post office so it's like it's not like
you you know um find out how to get a guaranteed job you know uh in 60 days it is like learn this
skill that can make you a coveted you know and sold after consultant right yeah so i don't know if
uh probably it's not what they want but i don't know so yeah i want to ask you because uh if you
find if you see something that uh you know with your experience maybe you see that we made some
blunders yeah i don't know yeah so i i don't you know i don't i don't have the luxury of knowing
your your audience like you do yeah um i would say or having gone through the research that you went
through yeah i would like it seems to me like this thing here about full stack marketer yeah um
they they have what they have is the ability to become a full stack marketer quickly
yeah because of their just their upbringing right yeah so maybe maybe what what what the um
the promise oh excuse me um
like if you're in this age range
if you're if you're in this certain age range you already have um what it takes to become you even
if you've never been to college you have a college degree in an x or something or yeah um
see that the full stack marketer i would want that way up here towards the top somehow i mean
you're calling it highly paid professionals but you don't know who you don't know who's reading this
you don't know if they were a banker or if they like raised horses or if they um no yeah but it
doesn't translate it's it's it's consultant consultant highly paid consultants
it uh it translates to professional consultant okay but consult like if i but if i've worked in a bank
how can i be a consultant do they know what that means no yeah i believe i believe yeah okay yeah
so like sam owens made millions saying become a consultant to people so yeah i don't know if
yeah yeah it would be strange if they don't like maybe but yeah i don't know
is there something here that tells that makes it clear that um
i mean right now in italy are millennials seeing a lot of um get rich quick bizarre things yeah yeah yeah
yeah a lot
so how is this different how is this um no it's completely different because this is not a um
a um uh it doesn't resemble a get rich quick uh even in the way that it's presented
right usually they're used to seeing uh kids uh in you know dubai and uh with rented lamborghinis and uh
you know um making videos selfie style videos in a you know on this women pool and talking about how
they get got rich using this uh secret trading system or this crypto something you know so and
it's not presented like it's uh it's uh it's uh it's uh but just in the way it's presented the language used it's uh clear that it's not
okay good thing but maybe it's the problem you know maybe it's too serious it's too
i don't know um it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't look like fun it looks like work so maybe it's the problem i don't know
and uh i i don't know i i couldn't i don't understand like why this uh like because my
research research brought me to you know creating this uh messaging actually it's a one of our
copywriters wrote it but i you know was there all the time and was uh you know doing research with
him uh so but i don't understand why it doesn't it doesn't resonate and it's a problem because
if i don't understand why then i will you know make the same mistake some uh some other time so
i'm still i i think right now like what i came up like what i came to the conclusion of is that it's
not the way it is presented it's not the way what is written on the page sorry it's not the way it's
written but it's the the message like what is in it for them like the the promise doesn't resonate
with the market yeah that's the problem because they don't want to become you know a um it's kind
of kind of strange to say but you know they don't seem to want to learn how to become a consultant
highly paid consultant they would like to make money probably quicker like a like some get rich
yeah but if you if you ask if you talk to somebody that was worked in a corporate position let's say
they worked at the phone company uh they worked at ericsson in in italy and then they got laid off
right and if you said well what do you want what what is it that you want would they say oh what i
want to do is i want to be a consultant probably not but they want to make money though right well okay
but that this doesn't say that it doesn't say that yeah this says become a highly paid um consultant
special consultant yeah right so if i used to work for the phone company or if i used to work
let's say i worked for the um for the uh uh in the office of of the gas company or the electric company
you know i worked in that corporate environment in in um something like that and if i said you know
i know you used to work for the electric company but um what do you want would they say that they want
to be a um consultant i i'm not sure that that's what they no no but then i don't understand how
uh sam ovens you know was uh making it work for himself like for years and like the the website is
consulting.com and he says you know you can become a consultant basically so um but the difference that
i see is in the way it's presented though because he's on the you know hundreds i don't know
something floor of you know a skyscraper in uh manhattan and uh he's wearing expensive clothes
and uh jewelry and you see this fancy office behind him and he talks about how you know he became a
consultant and he became successful by consulting it's different than this one right so it speaks to
this desire of making a killing making a lot of money you see this young guy that makes all this
money you say i want to learn how no this guy does right and um it's the way it's the presentation
rather than uh the the message so this is like the vehicle the way to make a lot of money is becoming a
consultant like in this specific case a full stock marketer but it's not clear that you will become
successful by reading this right it's not like there is a element how do you say proof there is no proof
that this works well that's that's what you were going to cover in the in the um launch videos right
yeah but um if um i i wouldn't i i wouldn't um show luxury lifestyle or you know luxury things
i wanted to make it um um like in in the end this is a get like this is an opportunity business right
this one a business opportunity sorry business opportunity for them um so in if we speak about
a business opportunity this violates like the print the principles of the you know marketing a business
opportunity opportunity offer right because in the biz op market you have to show the money if you
don't show the money it doesn't convert it doesn't work people are not interested but we didn't we didn't
do it because we didn't want people that wanted to get rich quick actually we wanted people that you
know wanted to work in marketing work in uh you know digital like work from home yes but
we needed them to hire for our own companies right it's not someone that buys the course and then
forgets about it and uh doesn't even log in we needed someone that wanted to do the job probably
right so right now you are doing a i don't know you're in the car washing business right so you're hired
there and you're washing cars every day and you you know want to become someone important someone that has
a say in the company someone that you know is um coveted is uh you don't have to look for a job the job
you know people are you know you have to decline jobs because you're so coveted and you can you know
get submerged with you know hiring requests and uh you don't even have to send a cv anymore you're just
to get hired on the spot when you talk about what you are able to do right this is the transformation
that we're selling it's like now you have to go out there and struggle to find a job you will struggle
to you know with all the job requests that get sent to you afterwards after you learn those three
critical skills that are very hard for the entrepreneur but very easy for you that you because
you are because of your upbringing as you said right so this is the transformation it's i believe if you
ask me it's a quite powerful one if you are struggling to find a job or if you hate your job and you cannot
you don't know what else to do right like you don't know yeah yeah go ahead so i'm wondering if you could
say everything you just said in um like from here to here yeah you know that um here you're talking
about the part of the problem yeah what makes this opportunity available for you yeah this is
but those um there is a video though they don't just land on this page with an ad that says click
me right so they they see a video a two minutes video where most of the stuff is explained right okay
and so they land on this page and it's just you know a uh expansion of what they just heard in the
video right well how many people saw this page a couple of thousands a couple thousand people
saw this page yeah and uh like the opt-ins were like 10 or 5 something like this wait a second oh man
okay okay yeah yeah it's uh the opt-in rate was crazy
sorry if i can find it full stack here we go so we spent let me tell you we spent
on 2 000 euros 2 000 euros
okay okay and we generated oh it's not true this wait a second
oh yeah not bad we generated uh with 2 000 euros
um 14 plus 15 plus 7 plus 6 plus 7 plus 5 54 leads with 2 000 euros
so it's 37 euros per lead
crazy right too much there is uh some businesses that we run match ads for
we generate leads for 2 euros 3 euros in the opportunity in the business biz op market
different but yeah uh different messaging but
yeah i don't know so uh this um
i don't know if it's a big idea yeah i would have i would have killed that i would have killed this
particular um page long before uh you did you only need a couple of hundred people to see an opt-in page
oh really yeah you know two three hundred four hundred um
tops um todd says a hundred if you have a hundred people seeing this opt-in page
and nobody opts in time for a new message time for a new headline new idea something
mm-hmm and i i i get what you're saying i would say that um maybe it does sound like work maybe you
you didn't really capture what it is they desire yeah and in this and if that's the case that's a
fundamental flaw but i mean you would have you can find that out
seriously in a in a hundred you know one or two hundred um views of this opt-in page
mm-hmm and i don't know what the message was in the video but
if it's if it was about this mechanism this thing about being a full stack marketer yeah it was about
this yeah uh yeah full stack marketer what is a full stack marketer and you got
that many clicks like what was the click-through rate of that ad let me see um let me see click-through
rate oh it doesn't sense my weight performance and click so it's the last ad oh yeah we saw
our campaign wait a second yeah it was um application conversion wait a second it's the video the last one
okay so the click-through rate of the ad was 0.34 percent so it's very low
oh the cost per click was something like five dollar five euros wow yeah no it wasn't that much
not if you got that yeah yeah it was how did you get how did you get 2 000 people to the um
to the to that page oh this specific video ad though because there is uh there were multiple ads
some were more click-baity than others but this video ad here was very explanatory it's well it was
a two-minute video that uh basically said everything that i told you uh and you said okay so why isn't
this written in the lead you told me and uh it was inside the video ads of the facebook ad and if you
watch this facebook ad you know everything you can come up or you can come on the page you can click and
sign up even without reading right so uh so yeah and about the cost per click was uh crazy
but four euros 92 cents per click so yeah maybe it's not what they want like it's uh did you have any
ads that were like above one percent or two percent wait a second
um um where is it oh you're gone did i have any and it was above one percent click through rate yes i
had one that was two point fifty six percent and one that was two point seventy three percent click
through rate wow yeah but what was the message on those ads our wait all the lids
oh wait a second wait a second wait a second i want to i want to tell you no no no it's uh it's not
on the link on the on outbound we're talking outbound clicks not just on the link
uh on the read more and the post no every one of them was below point fifty percent the uh the
highest click through rate was uh this one it was point fifty percent point fifty percent got it okay
so it's uh yeah half of one percent but yeah half a percent yeah all right yeah so you're
you're go with your gut man you know what you're doing you you don't have the your message isn't
good you're whatever the promise is whatever the um the hook is it's not converting you yeah if you're
not getting if you're getting that many people to this page and nobody's opting in and if you're um
if none of your ads are over a half a percent then that's right yeah yeah it's time for
another message it's not that i mean if you know that your audience these millennials
um want to um be entrepreneurs if you know that and if you know that they then um
then you need to change your message i would say or if you know they want i mean of course
everybody everybody wants money yeah um my daughter's a millennial and she has no interest
in being an entrepreneur yeah but um so i i i don't know i typically um
i think your gut instinct is good is sound um yeah yeah plus what are your competitors what are they
what are their problems yeah actually there's there is a company that is called um epic code
epic code um and this company even another one is called boolean careers boolean career and careers
okay yeah and um so the message their message is instead of becoming a full stock marketer it says
becoming a programmer right a programmer computer programmer okay but the messaging is very similar
like i i believe like our our messaging is much you know better written than theirs right but they uh
they have their successful like in in my um so it's not better written no it's not better written yeah no
but in my understanding and that's that's the problem that's why i'm like i'm not coming to you
to fix the campaign like this company failed and so it's aborted the operation is over but just to
understand why like the reason why it bombed so so hard right so because in my understanding this message
was better written than theirs but they make like a couple million a year and i couldn't get an opt-in so
it's kind of peculiar so yeah um do they have a uh like what is their do they have a hook do they
have a mechanism that they're using or it's just computer no no it's just just become a computer
programmer in uh in uh 90 days and we find uh find you we find um a job for you that's it
uh so but it's super direct it's direct it's not like uh you know this is this this is the
situation right now there's this opportunity no it's uh become a computer programmer in 60 days and
we find a job for you sign up that's it so it's let's see that's straight to an offer that's um
that's not yeah problem it's not a me5 campaign it's not so so yeah
yeah yeah it's not education it's not educational based based on medication it's just you know you
can become a programmer to sign up and see if you qualify and we will get you a job and landed we
will land a job for you in 60 days or it's free they say this so it's a solution aware or uh you know
i don't know it's a product aware i don't know so yeah so do you you all is that the only competitor
you looked at yes yeah no it's there is two those two competitors they make roughly about five million
a year each you know and we said yeah we can make a mill with uh you know this um i mean this it's the
same the same uh concept but with an e5 campaign right and we make you know a product launch we
create a jeff walker style launch and get all those people signed up we're gonna be happy but
yeah it didn't work yeah but they are they are not very institutionalized like the messaging is uh
very very it's like more similar to the one that you would find in a university for example
right rather than a uh get rich quick online course it's uh you know you know everything about
it like the the language in the the way that the jargon that they use the car scheme it's uh it um
resembles like and so we we went we went on with the same car schemes with the same look it's not
the same palette color palette but we made it uh stand out with this idea of the digital native and uh
you know yeah it was it was sound when i think about it the choices were sound based on you know
the research and uh what they're doing but there's something that i don't understand why
and it failed so i um and i wanted to find like get to the to the bottom of it because if i don't
i risk you know failing again in the future with some more with some campaigns you know yeah
yeah yeah since i've had quite many like campaigns that are failing on us in the last like the company
is great like we're getting clients but it uh it's uh it's a shame that the some campaigns have to
fail like i know it has to happen right it's that you cannot have a 100 success rate in fact agora
said that they only have a 20 success rate on their campaigns but if you don't understand why this is
like you're gonna keep failing it so it becomes like a lottery right so let's see if this works we
don't know so it's like a blockbuster business like the movie business right um maybe it is that way but
then so so you don't you cannot understand why and so you just have to test like the movie business for
example um um but if it is that way like i wanted to come to this conclusion so i can test more fail
more rapidly because we we spent a month and a half getting this page online like making it perfect
making it you know with the right messaging we we interviewed a ton of people we you know even went to
you know the full extent of the research right and then we went oh you know with many revisions of the
copy of the messaging but then it bombed like crazy it's like we didn't like i believe that 30 35 euros
per lead like uh you don't need this much research to to get leads for 35 years yeah so so yeah
what is your take on uh well i i'm agreeing with you i i think that um if you're going to
is there anyone is there anyone doing the sam ovens thing in italy yeah there's a guy that is copying
him like uh verbatim and it works how's he doing oh he's doing great he's doing awesome
so why don't you do that i mean what is the message that what is his message what is his promise
uh it says the the x method
to generate consistent online that's wait a second let me see if i can find it
if i can find it wait a second uh where is the webinar here prospect
wait wait wait wait wait no this is not the ads library the facebook ads library there you go
do you see my screen right i can see it yep okay
there we go that's the guy uh no this is not
uh you see it's the same like it copies in like crazy it's nuts
uh uh is with frank kerman right now wait a second oh there's no links though oh there you go
huh what the hell he even changed it don't read the next few lines or during this webinar your brain
we're acquiring only three hours the count the info marketing knowledge able to
digitalize whatever idea business or activity in 40 days or less this is a crappy headline
and the same method it's the same method we used to generate over 10 million dollars in sales and
helped 1500 people create a new info marketing business online my brain is ready let's go
this is the copy on the page so yeah uh let me see if um there's something else maybe it's a split test
no it's crap it's that line how long have those ads been running oh
well this guy promotes himself he um he's one of the few people that is uh running ads at scale in italy
on the marketing side like on the info marketing and uh bizarre
uh stuff stuff he's like clothes it's a clone of same moments clones but we we joke about it
we call him we call him sam kern oh sam turn sam kern
so so yeah and uh yeah he has a micro offer going on let me see one no
uh yeah it's just this one wait a second yeah that's that's so super this is a squeeze page like
classic nothing fancy but i don't even like the headlines so yeah but uh what what is it read it
again let me see if i can translate it again how do you translate it like i never do it search on google
on search how do you if i copy the url yeah i'll give it to you and okay and then go to um oh sorry
translate.google.com
copy the url translate.google.com
all right okay okay now um paste the url on the left side
and then um change it to english on the right side
and then click the little um link yeah click that thing
there you go there you go do not read or during this webinar brian will acquire
information just a unit that can digitize any idea activity or business in 40 days or less
generator of 10 million and help 1500 people create an online info marketing business so this is
about this is about this is about of course it's not a good translation but um creating an information
marketing business from any idea yeah okay so for people who want to create an information um
marketing business um on any kind of idea this is for them so like that's different
like that is um plus he's got he's got specific numbers in there so i mean that's that's that's why
this headline is working but it's only for people who are already wanting um an info info business right
they have to know what that is so obviously that market is big enough in italy so that this guy can
make a living with this headline right all of his ads are pointing to this thing yeah so um
so even though you hate the ad even though you hate the headline
i don't think he cares he's glad yeah he's glad you hate it yeah yeah but this is
is so um so be a high be a high paid consultant or start an info business on
a 10 million dollar info business on um any idea that you have um in just 40 days
yeah that that's very that's that's a very specific promise
mm-hmm right yeah and you're talking about become a high paid consultant and if if i'm a um
like i said if i if i used to work for the electric company and now i'm unemployed yeah
uh like what am i going to consult people about electricity i used to work in billing
you know what is that no no but it's clear it's clear on the page that you maybe it's not but yeah
okay at least in my head because i don't i don't speak italian but um no no but yeah no it's uh it's um
um all right but you um if you've ever seen uh sam olvin's is marketing right yeah but i don't
remember it yeah i see it was because i swiped some of it but i don't remember i couldn't quote anything
from it but you know but it was become a consultant become a consultant like become a successful
consultant become a it was uh the website is consulting.com right yeah so let me see if i have
i think i might have a swipe of this how to make a game on profit no no now he moved on a different
market up level in quantum he doesn't have a doesn't even have um the the old ads anymore but yeah the
the the question but it's not it's no uh it's not a question of i i get what you're saying like
this uh this is a very specific promise it says uh launch a um um info marketing business like
transform any idea activity or business into an info business well i don't know okay in just 40 days
uh and it's the same uh method that helped us generate over 10 million euros that's it yeah i mean
yeah
i mean if it is um i mean if your research said that people want to be consultants then
i would say just um maybe be more clear or follow your gut about what it is they actually want as a
consultant and and promise that instead with some specificity you know like we talked about before
yeah yeah yeah makes sense do you yeah so um
yeah this is more direct right this is to a this is a solution aware audience though this is not an e5
campaign this is this tells people hey do you want to create a uh business
a info marketing business in 40 days right right um you know to generate this you know 10 million euros
this is like for someone that already wants right to become to to launch a a uh info business
right information business it's not educating people that are problem aware
like i hate my job and um you know i want to i want a new opportunity to start an information
marketing business right is it right or am i wrong repeat that question again repeat what you just
so this headline is for the solution aware market okay it's not for the problem where is it right um
i would say you're right yeah it's not educating someone that has a problem and doesn't know about the
solution it's going after someone that already knows that an info marketing business information
marketing business can be something that is uh you know desirable or they want to you know do this
kind of thing and so there is just educating them about his unique way of doing of creating
launching an information marketing business it's not about hey you should really launch an information
marketing business no it's uh for the solution aware right in my headline was for the problem aware
and so on the page it was more you know education based it was more uh but it clearly doesn't work so
probably i have to go into but on this let's see if i have anything
i don't know wait a second let's see if we can find the differences with this one
this one is the million dollar launch
let me see
oh
oh
i want to show it to you oh really
a second
so yeah what is your um
because i can i would like to you know extract some principles from those uh failures
and so let me see what does it say
oh
um
really
it's client sites yeah i believe they got deleted probably but i have the swipes though
i have the swipe wait a second let me let me see
it's not this it's not this uh some screenshots this one no
let me see it's not just give me a second i will find it it's i just downloaded it in a couple
oh
is it this one no
oh
oh maybe i can't kind of find it right now oh yeah
no i can't i can find it no but yeah uh so it was like um yeah i told you the big idea it was uh
this uh group of people uh it was going after um it was going after uh the um um
problem aware market that that messaging like that message that campaign and um the
the problem that those people were facing was it was threefold like they have a problem uh
understanding even what to do in the digital market to in order for them to you know get a business going
get you know people uh watching their videos get people subscribing to their mailing lists get
people interested right then the other problem was um monetizing those uh people so you have an
audience like say you have a hundred thousand people following you on instagram okay now how do
i make money off of those people right and uh and the third problem was um um um getting getting
noticed in the you know among this you know chaos there is online of everyone trying to make it
it right so those three problems we went after super successfully it's um like there was a market there
but the the campaign was an if i campaign why because we were educating them that the only way
for you to become successful with an online business in 2021 is by starting to sell your own digital
products right you have to sell your courses in order to become successful that's the that was the
indoctrination that went on during the three videos so we would have them sign up for the uh you know salt
to solve those three problems saying that there's secrets that those you know influencers know that you
ignore and that's why you're struggling where they're thriving right but then inside the the course
we would teach them that the only way to become successful is to create your own digital product
and we have a course on you know how to create your own and launch successfully your own digital product
this was that that client right that client was um uh the million dollar launch
yeah so i i just i struggled to find to understand the principles behind like why
that marketing worked and why you know in way after the problem aware crowd
because i could have decided to to say okay let's go after the people that want to launch
like this mick cosentino guy is doing right let's go after people that already want to launch a
information business right it's the solution aware we went after the problem aware but in this case
it worked like it worked like crazy it would leads were costing us like four euros
at scale we were we generated more than 15 000 leads at four euros and so in fact the client generated
grossed one million with this launch and he only spent 45 000 euros in advertising
you know so how do you what do you make of that like what would you what principles can we
derive off of uh you know this analysis that we did together today okay so listen man um here's the
thing you have a you did a um problem aware campaign yeah so even the people who are solution aware
or product aware when they saw your message yeah they they had their they had their wallet out because
they were looking at somebody else who had a um problem aware i mean a solution aware campaign or a
product aware campaign but they saw your headline out there wait hold on a second what is this
and that's really that's the that's the difference if you can pull somebody who already who already knows
um who already knows sam ovens for example yeah wallet out they're going to go with sam ovens because
they say i know this guy i get oh wait a second what's this and they read the headline and i think
oh well hold on let me just read this for a second before i buy your thing sam i want to see what this
other thing is i have no and then they consume that and then um you do it correctly and you get them
they understand that you're that what you're teaching what you're showing them is completely different
from sam's it's not the same as sam it's different from sam and it's different from everybody and it's
better then they buy they buy your thing and that happened that it's really it's really that easy
so like in the case of this thing where you're going after the millennials what are they seeing out
there what are they already seeing what do they have and what can you say to stop them from buying it
yeah or even if they're plus plus since it's problem aware you can go after all the problem
aware people as well right so the the name of the game isn't i want you to understand this that when i
when i create a campaign i'm not going after just problem aware people like people like the we were
talking before about the the guy who just got um fired from working at the electric company that's not the
only person i'm going after i'm also going after people who are info product creators who've already bought
products from info product gurus even i want them as well so what can i say that is so um that makes
them so curious so shocked that they're going to stop and read what i have to say even though it's about
info product creation even though it's something they know what's going to stop them and make them
read it i'm that's what i'm doing and i'm also going after the people who man i just i can't get a job
right now yeah so if i can if i can go after the people who are like i just i can't find a job if i can
attract them and it's so curious that it gets everybody else that's when you get that million
dollar launch with a um with a problem aware uh campaign yeah you see what i mean so it's the
the analogy i always use is the thing about the mattress i told you that one right i don't know
i don't remember yeah so there was a guy he had a he had a he was a former student and he sold
mattresses at a mattress store and so he had this technology this 5t technology that um if you slept on
it it fixed your back it stopped giving you back problems and your back pain would go away yeah so you
could either say you know buy my mattress because it has this 5t technology um that gets rid of
back pain or you could say that um here's this guy he's just turned 95 and every day he gets on the
floor with his grandkids and plays plays uh with them for two hours and he plays soccer with his grandkids
and he never has any back problems and here and the reason is because he uses something called 5t
technology to keep his back from everything so now even if i'm even if i'm going to buy i already know
the mattress i want to buy but i see that that article or that training about this technology that helped
this 95 year old guy be able so that's like an idea that that was so curious and so amazing that it got
everybody and that's that's what we do that's not easy yeah you did it with the million dollar launch
obviously but you didn't do it with this one and so you've got you've got millennials what is it that is
going to hook them and listen man if you were getting half a percent click-through rate on your
ads yeah and you were getting hundreds of people going to that opt-in page and not opting in i stop
just stop and figure out what message you do need to use because it's really as long as you're as long
as you do the research and you know you're promising them something that they want want yeah yeah right
if they say they want to be a consultant then promise that you know but promise that they'll be
able to be a consultant and and like 90 days or six you know or whatever be specific about it what kind
of consultant right my i certainly can't i can't consult about um you know veterinarians i couldn't
consult a veterinarian or horse trainer or dog trainer or i couldn't consult with them i don't
know anything about that so what are you talking about consulting right i i don't um
so anyway that's what you're yeah yeah yeah yeah it's just a matter uh it's the idea it's the hook
it's the promise if you know you're making a good if you know you're promising what they want
and it's beat to be a high-paid consultant then it's just a matter of coming up with the hook
and or the and the and the headline um but you have to make sure that you're promising something that they
want exactly yeah you know and i think i think you were i think you were probably hitting on it before
when you were saying that um they're they're not it's not what they want yeah that they want money
they want money fast and easy right yeah exactly you know um it's interesting or they want a secure job
secure job or money fast and easy those are the things if and also once you want now that we're
talking i realize that it's not a simple message the one on the page you have to read to understand it
you really have to read it right yeah yeah it instead clarity is everything exactly it has to be
simple stupid like even a uh you know retarded person can look at the page and understand
perfectly perfectly understand what you know you're you're trying to say it doesn't it doesn't have
to be you know convoluted you know uh with uh this implies that and so this you know with that and that
you know it's uh too complicated yeah so like if you took if you took frank owens if you took his uh
his headline right yeah and um you took the headline and you said yourself okay what can i
say what can i hook so i can make the same promise to problem aware people yeah and steal this guy's
with their wallets out these guys um frank owens clients you know who are the solution aware what can
i say to stop them from paying right now if they had their credit card out what's it what's a headline
that they could see that would stop them right yeah even and making the same promise right but i also
wanted to appeal to people who have this problem of being unemployed or problem being in a crappy job
or whatever you know what i mean or being a millennial yeah um so that that's yeah and when you get data
that tells you okay a hundred people have seen this this opt-in page and nobody's opted in just stop
right that's another thing i would say when the data tells you to stop with the message stop that
message you know yeah yeah definitely nobody it was a test we had the uh you know the yeah but man
that was an expensive test and you got it how many people how many people saw that opt-in page you said
how many thousand i mean a couple thousand oh a couple of thousand yeah two thousand so you had
two thousand people which is plenty of data yeah and and you only had like 30 or 57 you said yeah yeah 57
leaves uh wait a second let me see um i'll tell you 80 no no no sorry 840 840 people saw the page
saw the page and 57 were so expensive you know that's why we spent 2000 because the clicks were so
expensive because the click through two rate was uh low yeah so that's like six percent opt-in rate
seven percent opt-in rate yeah yeah yeah it's and i want i want 30 man i'm okay i want at least 25
percent yeah exactly right i don't know what it's like in italy how yeah it's uh 20 20 to 35
percent yeah it works yeah and if you have a great if you have a great offer it's um
um if you have a great campaign it's um or a great campaign it's or a headline you can get 50 percent
right i mean i've seen that yeah um i don't know if i showed you there's a woman who has had an opt-in page
and there was nothing on it but a form and i'm gonna have to when i find it i'll send it to you but all
that was on it was an ugly form with a message with a headline in the form like um just some kind of vague
thing and her opt-in rate was 68 percent jesus christ it had no headline had no headline it had
only a form with like some words like a title in the form yeah like click here to uh so it was really
about the message in the ad yeah yeah that's all it was so she had a great message in her ad
and opt-in rate was 68 yeah that's what people wanted basically yeah and it was for yeah and it
was for a completely um problem aware audience it was like moms moms who um like want to get more
involved with their kids after school and that was it which is like all moms yeah but still
um she her it's the message man it's the headline it's the promises and just let your let your data
guide you i would say pivot faster than you have been than you did on that campaign a couple hundred
or you could even you could even split test ideas right yeah yeah yeah no but um the thing is that
uh when you buy on traffic on facebook you don't actually know if you know it's um an audience fault
or a messaging fault right so that's why you have to wait a little bit to to see if you could say buy
100 clicks from a audience that is uh you know wrong like there's no one else you say you did
shake campaign maybe it would have worked you know from yeah and and then then that's another that's
another thing is that your ad and your opt-in page have to be congruent with each other exactly exactly
because then it it almost that almost doesn't matter what the um audience that facebook is targeting
is i mean that's going to affect your cost per click obviously but um the people who do click
will be um hopefully hopefully the right audience when they get to the opt-in page
yeah yeah makes sense you know so the opt-in rate should be the same you say if they click the opt-in rate
should be always from a 20 to 50 percent if the congruency is there from the ad and the page yeah
if the congruency is there and they're clicking and that's and the click and the click through rate
is like two percent or something like that yeah um and it's and that they're not surprised they're not
you know um you know there's so many things that go into it you know how cynical the audience is and
all of that but um yeah i would say as as long as the congruency between the the ad and the um
the opt-in page is good and the click-through rate is good uh you should have higher you should have
higher opt-in rates but you didn't even have good click-through rate with your
no no exactly it was a low click-through rate low opt-in rate so it tells me that the message
was completely off like this is not what people wanted this is not what people want like they
don't want that yeah they weren't willing to give you an email address for sure exactly not even a fake
one they weren't even willing to give you yeah exactly so yeah yeah this is as bad as you can get right
it's funny because right now i'm having like those but now you know now you know now you know
that doesn't work yeah yeah yeah yeah so uh michael um i have i have some important clients in the
trading space like uh investing stock trading and stuff like that the forex trading and i um i was looking for
guidance on uh on that specific um market segment because i have a little bit of experience but i
know that for example agora is a behemoth and that you know they sell on 1.5 billion a year and you know
information about that and so um like the reason why i wanted to talk with you it's not just those
campaigns but also i wanted to show you um a thought process that i'm you know going through uh to scale a book
funnel of uh one of my clients in the trading space so if you um if you want if you're still you
know if you want since we've talked in this uh you know session we had two hours together if you want
we can schedule a uh a uh a call together for this specific uh yeah sure man set something up i've got
another call coming up soon yeah yeah so i have to get off now but yeah go ahead we can talk about
that send it to me ahead of time yeah yeah sure sure sure i can be ready when we talk yeah okay
thank you it was uh super good as always and um yeah i want to i really want to understand uh
better the um the reason but i believe i believe it's uh it's not what they want that's why they
didn't opt in for this specific promo the um i want to show you in the next call maybe i will show you
the uh the one the water filtration system one because you showed me the agora and the agoras and
it's very similar so it's very very similar so i don't know why it uh failed but maybe it's something
that goes with the unique unique mechanism because in fact you said you told me it's the reverse osmosis
you can go out there and buy it in a hardware store yeah that's not that's not unique yeah that's
not unique maybe that's the problem because the click-through rate there was insane with like four
percent it's uh crazy because we we um it was like i'm unveiling like a government cover-up stuff
like that so it's very clickbaity uh some clickbaity style uh messaging and in fact we were great on
the clicks it was like that 10 cents per click five cents per click but then nobody was uh booking an
appointment to check the water and uh so there's something wrong there and it's interesting to
analyze okay so um thank you michael it was great as always and uh okay super happy to have you know
being able to talk with you uh one-on-one in this call okay sure man all right take care have a great
day all right okay bye bye bye bye thank you cheers
