---
title: "Foundations 2022-03-28 16:01:24"
date: 2022-03-28
duration: 50m
duration_seconds: 3002
vimeo_id: 693198176
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations 2022-03-28 16:01:24

**Date:** 2022-03-28 | **Duration:** 50m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We're John Benson still going on like seven years now. It's amazing.

Cool. And so he just joined Top One and we're doing a campaign that John has to write a VSL for and some ads. And we want to launch it by like May, first, first week, second week. Sure. So John's got the script for the VSL written and he started creating the slides and he showed me them yesterday.

And honestly, I didn't even know we had access to these calls. Like he's like in Top One and of course, I'm his assistant. So I get access to stuff. But I didn't know that we had access to this until last week. And I went into the portal and I'm like, oh, my God, live calls where I can ask questions.

Awesome. Because I'm that girl. You know, I'll be there asking questions. Okay. So what is this call for?

Because I know it's called foundation. Yeah. Ignore that. Yeah. When we first started, when we started up Todd's coaching program, this phase of the coaching program,
we had a couple of calls for foundations for people who aren't familiar with what niche they want to be in and that sort of thing.

And then we have other calls for copywriting, which I also do. We have other calls for like offers, which Paul does. We have another call for media buying. There's a couple of calls for media buying. John Mulry.

You know John Mulry, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So he does group coaching calls for media buying.

And, of course, Teddy, you know, Teddy. Yep. He does tech calls, a couple of those a week. That's great. So really foundations is the same as, because it turns out nobody comes, nobody spends, you know,
10 grand to come into Todd's coaching program to find out what niche they should be in.

Right? Right. I hope not. So this is a copy call. And so, so you're in the right place.

That's awesome. So, so I have a, so John being John, he always puts his own spin on things. Right. Okay. And he's, he's never been through E5.

I've been through E5. But of course, you know, he's John. So he'll never go through E5. Right. Um, so what we're doing is we're modeling a webinar or a VSL or VSLNR, whatever you want
to call it, that Todd did for, um, to sell E5.

Are you familiar with that webinar? Or VSLNR? Or, uh, which one he's done so many, I've seen so many of them, but let me bring it up
and I'll share my screen just for a second. Okay. Sure.

Um, hang on. I'm going to sneeze. So I'm going to mute. Okay. It's spring and bless you.

That happens. Thank you. All right. So there it is. And I'm going to do this share.

Yeah, yes. I know that one. Okay. So what I'm thinking is because it's cold, I'm assuming this is a front end. So it's cold traffic.

Um, yeah, yeah, yeah. This was a cold traffic campaign. Okay. I mean, is it this warm traffic season too? It's in Todd's world.

It's hard to keep the warm traffic out, you know? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know how that goes. John, I'm sure John's the same way.

Cause I noticed like, this is so somewhat generic, right? I mean, this, if I didn't know that this was Todd and I just, you know,
crossed that out a whole new way to grow your business fast. Very, very vanilla. How to attract customers, clients, sales, and profits on demand with the same
method used by the big dog. Pretty vanilla.

Now huge claim, you know, um, correct. And then this little, um, subhead or whatever you want to call it, just solidifying that
it may be easy. It's only one campaign. So it might be kind of simple and then his name. So if anybody knows him, right.

But this is not anything outrageous. There's no big claim or anything. Now, what John did, and I'm thinking that we're really going to have to reign him in is
something about how this one VSL framework sold $385 million for whatever. And I'm like, um, that's a really big claim, John. Are you proving that anywhere?

It's like, no. And you know, this is cold traffic, right? So I need backup. No, because if I go to John and say that he's like, well, that's just Leanne saying that. But if somebody else backs me up and says, you know, that may not be the best like headline.

Yeah, so yeah, here's what, here's what I'll tell you, Leanne and man, this, I'm so glad
you're asking this question. I actually get this a lot, but, um, really what you have to do is something you may not
want to do, but you have to like, look at your market research, look at your prospect
examination, look at your competitor analysis. Right. Because when you look at that, that'll tell you what the market is seeing. And if the market is seeing headlines, like what John is proposing, then, um, then what
you have to do that he's, he's like making his promise bigger and bigger and bigger.

Um, right. So what, what repeat, what is his primary, what is his headline again? I wish I could remember it verbatim, but it's something about how this VSL framework has
sold $355 million and I forget the rest of it. I forget it for who, like, cause that was okay. But that was what stuck out to me was, wow, that's like a huge claim to use in headline.

Yeah. So think about, think about the, think about that headline now. Um, he's saying this VSL framework, just by saying that, who is the only people that
is going to be interested in this, in that headline, in that campaign, in that message,
they have to all, they have to already know what a VSL is. Yes. Yes.

And that's who we're targeting. Like, here's a little background for you. Todd told us to target people who had tried using VSLs and failed. Okay. Now, I don't know how we find those people.

Cause that's kind of like, how do you find people who have failed VSLs? I mean, we're kind of just. That's the media buyer's problem, but. Well, that's, that's me. So, yeah, so really, I would say, you know, you can talk to John Mullery.

Oh, got it. Or actually it's going to be Matt today. If you want to get on that call this evening and talk to Matt, um, he's, he works with a
media buying company. He's a great media buyer. You can talk to him about this, but really when you're, when, uh, if Todd's saying to
do that, that's actually a good idea, but it, the headline, um, if you're going to
do it in the five campaign, it has to, um, it has to, um, be clear that there's something
new, something different.

And so by you saying this VSL framework, now you're implying that there is a mechanism. So there's that, um, has sold this outrageous high number. Um, okay. That might be a little bit, um, that might be a little bit hyperbolic, but you're, the
only way you're going to know that is if you look at the, your competitor research, you
know what I'm saying? Like, what is that?

Like the people out there who've tried VSLs in the past and have failed, right? Um, what are they seeing out there? If they're seeing big, um, promises like that, um, then, then that, then that's not
outrageous that, you know, people in the IMF, it's, it's not, you see that all the time
and you probably ignore them all the time. And that's the problem. Yeah.

Yeah. So I would say, uh, you know, I would say, um, you could probably massage that a little
bit and talk about how this is, make it clear that it's something new, something different. Um, like this, like here, Todd says a whole new way to grow your business fast. Now that is vague. That is vague.

This, this particular, um, this particular campaign that you're seeing now, if I'm not
mistaken, was part of a follow-up campaign. So it wasn't a cold audience. Oh, I'm not sure I can make sure. See that you have to be careful with, with what you're looking at. If you go to, if you click on ads and follow, um, and follow campaigns that way, then you
can be pretty sure that they're for cold traffic or at least, um, at least, you know, cool
traffic.

Like, yeah, no, I asked Glenda cause Todd said model my VSL and I asked Glenda what VSL
is Todd asking us to model. So I, and she just gave me this one. Um, did you see, did you look at the headline for this particular video? Um, I don't know where it came from, so. Okay.

Um, I, that, I guess I'll go back and ask Glenda, can I have the funnel? Cause that would be. Hold on, let's see if let, let me see if I can find it quite quick. I think I have the page. If I give you the page.

Um, would you be able to, let's see here. This is the page. Okay. Workshop details. Dash C, whatever.

How to create a surge of new customers, clients, and sales profits with one evergreen marketing
campaign. Oh, and that's a workshop. So that's for a workshop. So I would imagine, uh, I don't know. Hold on.

Let me look at something here. Workshop. So if you, let me share my screen right quick. Okay. Um,
so if I come here to Todd Brown dot M E, right.

And I scroll down to free workshop. So you got top one. So he's got everything in here. He's got stuff about top one. He's got a workshop.

He's got his E five book, you know, but if you come down here to workshop,
shop, and I, then you've got a different page, bring in new customer sales every day, click
the, Oh, that's, this might be a different, this might be different. This might be the one. Yeah, that's definitely different. Well, this is like, if you click on it, you still have to opt in to see it. So I'm going to do it.

I'm going to. Okay. How to grow a large list of responsive buyers with just one evergreen marketing campaign. That's different. Um, actually it's Hey, on a second.

Let me exit full screen. It is different. The one on, um, the headline of mine is how to create a surge of new customers, client sales
and profits with just one evergreen marketing campaign. Yeah. So, but I wonder if it is the same.

You just see the start of it. Well, I can go check it out. Hold on. Let's see. Hold on.

Let me share my, um, share my sound. Share sound. All right. Oops. Hey, today I'm going to show you a new.

Hold on. This of course is titled how to grow a large list of responsive buyers with just one evergreen
marketing campaign today. I'm going to show you a new marketing model, a new method that is absolutely knocking it
out of the park. This is how you will be able to acquire new customers every single day, like clockwork. And this works regardless of what product or service you're selling, regardless of what
niche you operate in, and regardless of what price point you sell your product or service
at.

The marketing model that you are about to see is how you can tap into the absolute best
sources of traffic to acquire new customers day in and day out like clockwork. This is how to scale your new customer sales like crazy. Now, in case this is the first time you've been on one of my trainings and you've never
seen me present or speak anywhere. Okay. So does that sound familiar?

Is that different? It's very similar. Okay. Um, it's very similar. Let me just scroll through here.

Uh, quick intro. Do you have his script, Leanne? I don't. Okay. Okay.

Does he like make it up as he looks at slides? Is he that? Oh, I do have John's script. Yeah, I do. I do.

Oh, you have John's script. Could you send that to me? Could you send that to coaching at marketing funnel automation.com? I think he's still making edits to it. Um, but yeah, why don't I, um, if you do that, then what I can do is I can go through,
I could just, just go through it.

What I'll look at is the lead. Cause that's probably 80% of the lifting. Um, uh, but yeah. So you, you see that even Todd, Todd's, um, Todd's, uh, what do you call it? Um, just say it's like bring a new set customer sales every day.

I mean, that's a big, bold promise. He's tested so many of these. Right. Like this is, this is the one he's, he's using now. Um, and that's cold traffic.

Cause that's off his website. That's off his website. It's cold traffic. Yep. Yep.

All right. I'm going to go back to Glenda and I'm going to ask her for the funnel for the webinar that
she sent me because I want to make sure John's modeling the right one. If that was, if we're modeling a warm audience webinar, then. Okay. I, and I don't know, but just, yeah.

Ask Glenda to make sure. Um, but then if you send me a script, I might have, I might be able to point out a few things. Yeah. Yeah. Let me, um, what's your email?

Um, coaching, coaching, coaching at marketing funnel automation.com. I'll put it in the chat. If you like, I get it. Oh, you got it. Um, commenter.

And send. Yep. All right. Done. Done.

Beautiful. Let me just say, I look at it right now. And price. Let's see. It's called the now method framework.

You can do this from scratch in the next 20 days. You can test results for yourself. I think what's missing is the new, and we've got to, we've got to add that. Well, here's what I would say. Let me just read, read the lead.

Here's what you can learn during this web class. What? Okay. Okay. So let me just read this right quick.

Just give me a second. Sure. I really want to change your lives. Great. I'm going to show you.

It's called the now method framing. Unique. Very three-point model. Crushing it right now. In hundreds of markets.

I'm gratefully known as Godfather of the BSL. The guy who coached. Thousands every day, written BSLs, written testimonials. I've seen, I've been fortunate enough to directly coach or partner with some of the best workers in the world, including blah, blah, blah. But the really big news is my client list.

Don't let the superstars freak you out. Have something. Here's what we're going to do. How to make sure you stand up from the crowd. So even if you're just getting started, you can use these tips to cut through noise and you can do all of this without being too salesy.

That's the next thing I've done today is to sell without selling. Hype lies and tactics. In the same way, I love the now framework. Hype. And this framework is the answer.

If you want to sell without selling, you have to speak. Yes, we're going to talk about how to do that. Okay. Five things most marketers screw up. So you can toss them in there.

Okay. And how to create a now framed BSL sales funnel. What is it? Quora published and pulled me in. Pulled me out to the headquarters.

Genius copywriter. Beginning BSL to the skies. This is killer to make the city sales pay. And then that. Right now is a BSL.

Okay. Stick around. This is my personal gift. So this is a webinar. Oh, here's why this is different.

The noun method. Which for any type of video. You want to speak the buying language. You know, I do a customer. Does it require you to be copywriter?

So important. Yeah. You know what? I'm going to tell you that. That what he's doing is.

It's cool. It's fine. Here's the thing. When people. The most important part of a lead.

And you want to do this early, early on in the lead. It's really making it clear. Like why you're so different. And how that difference. Makes you better than everybody else.

Okay. So. So. When he says. Here's what you're going to learn during this web class.

Hold on. Let me get to it. Okay. Okay. Here's why this is different.

Yeah. Now when he says. Here's why this is different. He says things like. It works regardless of X or Y.

It works for any type of video. You learn to speak the buying language. Of your. Ideal customer. Okay.

So that's. That might be. How it's different. That part is different. Right.

The buying. Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't require you to be copywriter. Okay.

So. Like if you think about it. The things where he talks about. Here's why this is different. He doesn't really explain why it's different.

A little bit about the buying language. Right. But if you said. Like this is a three. This is a three part technique.

That is based on. The X, Y, G. Psychology. And you know what I mean. And right.

Right. Nobody else is doing this. It's based on. Like how is it different. Like in other words.

By the time he says that. He's saying things that everybody says. Right. In other words. He says it's.

You know. It works regardless of what you're selling. Well. Everybody says that. It works for any type of video.

Well. Yeah. Everybody says that. You will learn to speak the buying language of your ideal customer. A lot of people say that too.

But. You know what I mean. I mean. Listen man. Everybody's ripping off John Benson.

They have been for years. Right. Because he's the godfather of VSL. Right. So I would say.

If he is going to talk about different. He has to explain. How it and why it's different. I mean not teaching it. But he.

By the time somebody reads. What he says. Or listen to what he says about it being different. They should say in their mind. They should think.

Wow. This is different. I've seen a lot of stuff about VSL. But I've never heard this before. This is really different.

You know what I mean. Yeah. And if that doesn't happen. Then he hasn't really. Nailed the how is a different thing.

He's saying the same kind of stuff. That everybody else says. You know. This is different. Because you.

X. Y. And Z. Like everybody else says. You know.

You can do. With their thing. But you really can't. With mine. You know what I mean.

So. In the lead. If he is. I would say. The one thing.

The one thing I would change. About his lead. Is that. If he's going to talk about. How it's different.

And superior. Even though he is the godfather. Of the VSL. Then he needs to say something. So that people think.

Wow. This is different. Because I've tried VSLs. But this is different. Right.

Right. If he can do that. If it's not. If it's not the same system. Even if it is the same system.

It may be that they just haven't heard of it. Right. Or they haven't. Right. Right.

But. Listen. Everybody's ripped off. His VSL. Everybody.

Absolutely. Everybody. This is. So. So what John did.

Was he went back. To his. Framework. Okay. And he rewrote it.

So. I. In essence. What happened. Is he went back.

To the thing. That has been working for years. And said. I've tweaked this over the years. I've made it better.

Yeah. Okay. So I took. What was amazing. And of course.

It stopped being as amazing over time. Right. So I had to tweak it. But only the inventor of the thing. Understood.

What made it amazing in the first place. And I have now. Re-amazinged it. Yeah. Now you see.

That would. That. That's explaining. What you just said to me. Actually explains.

How and why it's different. Right. Right. You know what I mean. That by.

By you. By John. If John Benson came to me. And said. Listen.

I know everybody's talked about my VSL thing before. But. This is. John Benson VSL. 2.0.

Because I've done more than anybody. And I've learned. So much more. From all of these gurus. I hang out with.

And. There. This is a new and different. Updated model. This is.

John Benson. VSL. 2.0. Yeah. Right.

That's really what it is. Yep. And so. If somebody said. If he told me that.

I would want. Me. As a marketer. I would want to know. Okay.

Now. What about cold traffic? Who has never heard of John Benson. Exactly. Right.

So. If that's. That's where. Like in that part. Where he's.

Introducing himself. And he's saying. Listen. I invented the VSL. No.

Really. I did. Here's the proof. Right. Here's the.

There's a new version. Because. You know. Social media. Attention.

Deficit. Da da da da da da da da da da. All these different things. That I've had to update it. Because VSLs have been.

Not working that great lately. But based on what I've learned. And based. With my close. Personal relationship.

With Todd Brown. And Agora. And Rich Sheffrin. Dan Kennedy. And Russell Brunson.

And all these people. Right. And that's true. Yeah. Yeah.

That I have updated it. And this is. Two. But now. Now he's actually said.

Why it's different. And how it's different to me. So. I would. The one thing I would change.

In the script. I'm looking at now. Is. I would add. Something about that.

Make it really clear. That this is different. Because I. I want to. I want people to think.

Wow. This is different. If they're not doing that. Then. He's just saying.

It's different. Does that make sense? Oh. Absolutely. Yeah.

Yeah. And. Listen. I. I respect.

John Benson so much. You have. I've never met him. I've never talked to him. I've always wanted to.

Maybe you can introduce me sometime. Oh. Absolutely. I will definitely. But I.

But listen. If. If he is. If. The most important thing you can do.

In the lead. And Todd will tell you this. Is. If you're going to say it's different. Like.

The prospect better think. Wow. Oh man. This is different. That's the reaction.

That you want them to have. Yep. Whoa. I'm not buying it. I'm not believing this yet.

You know. You're going to have to convince me. But. Man. If what you just said is true.

Oh my God. I got it. I got to know. I've got an under. I got to know what this new.

Thing is. Right. That's. You have to get that. If it's.

You can't just say. It's new and different anymore. You know. Everybody's saying that. Everybody says that.

Exactly. So. I am just taking. But that's okay. The other thing.

You know. The headline. That's probably fine. It might be. A little over the top.

For cold traffic. Is if he's going after. Cold traffic. Like. Yeah.

Well. But that's the thing. Because I know how the. Networks are. Yeah.

And they're. You know. A little skeevy. About like. Humongous claims like that.

But. But. You know. That's. That's what John always does.

And then we kind of dial it back. A little bit. Yeah. I would say. If I saw.

The. The founder. Of. Of the VSL. Just came up with.

The 2.0 version. Of the VSL. You know. Something like that. The founder and creator.

The founder and creator. Of the video sales letter. Is now releasing. The new. The new.

The 2022. Has forced. The creator. And founder. Of the video sales letter.

To create. Video sales letter. 2.0. Like. I.

That. To me. Something like that. Would. Grab my attention.

I think. Okay. Um. But. Because.

You know. I do VSLs. All the time. And I'm. Everybody struggles.

With them. Right. I mean. The. The.

Todd. The basis. Of an E5. Minimum viable funnel. Is a VSL.

And that's. We do that. For a lot of reasons. One of which. Is being able.

To control. The. The prospect. You know. At least during the testing phase.

But. Oh. Absolutely. I mean. I do so.

Yeah. Works like nothing else. Because. They can't. Skim the sales page.

They can't. You have to watch it. Or not. And as. Yeah.

Or not. And as long as. It's a compelling message. And you have a big idea. It'll work.

Yeah. Yeah. But I would say. I would say that thing. About the lead.

I would. I would get something in there. About. How and why. Like.

Make them really. Recognize. My gosh. This is different. Yeah.

Like if Elon Musk. Came out. And said. Look. I created the Tesla.

It's a great car. But. You know. After. X number of years.

Being on the market. I realized that. This had to change. And so now. I created.

Or. Now that I'm into. Rocket science. Here's the Tesla 2.0. Right.

You know. This flies. Yeah. Yeah. Now that I.

Now that I have a rocket. A space program. And I've learned. X, Y, and Z. Yeah.

I've learned. This new thing. I didn't know that before. But now I can apply that to these cars. That makes that even better.

Yeah. The rocket. Whatever. Yeah. You think it was fast before.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But.

That's what. I would say. The one thing I would change. In John's lead is. So what did he change.

And why? Like. Maybe make up a name for that. Or like you just said. I'm going to say.

Elon Musk. Into rocket. And that's. Why he changed. That's great.

I mean. Really. Yeah. I would say. Run that ad.

Yeah. If he had. If he came up with. Like he's calling. The now method.

For framing. Like the now method is. Is. Okay. For.

For a unique mechanism name. I would say. If he had something. That sounded boring. Like.

Like attention. Like. Attention to desire bridging. Like. Maybe if it was.

Like attention. Desire bridging. You know. Or something like that. That doesn't sound like.

It's the name of. Of a product. Or the name of. Something you're selling. It kind of sounds like.

It's a. A term. A term. That you might reach. Somewhere.

What's that? Yeah. It kind of. But that sounds more like. A unique.

Mechanism. Yeah. I mean. There's nothing wrong. With resistance.

Right. But it sounds like a product. Yeah. I mean. If I.

I can't count the number of times. Todd has said that. You know. E5 method. I could have come up with a better name.

For that mechanism. Than that. You know. But. The name of the mechanism.

Is not that big a deal. Which is why. Now method is fine. Right. Right.

Right. If it were me. I would say. I would come up with something. Like.

You know. Attention. Desire bridging. Or something. You know.

Right. Right. Something that sounds like. It's just a. But you can't look it up.

Like. If you try Googling it. You're not going to find it. Right. Right.

So there's no. Precognitive by. They can't. You know. Yeah.

I've never heard that before. So. Yeah. Okay. I like that.

If it. If it's now method. It sounds like. It's the title. The title of something.

Right. Right. The title of something. However. Like.

Muscle confusion. You've heard all the. Oh yeah. That. Muscle confusion.

Is a term. It doesn't sound like the title of anything. It never was. It never will be. Right.

It was just the mechanism. It was just the mechanism. Yeah. And so. That's why.

If. Maybe if he said. You know. Because it's. Once 2020 hit.

And the pandemic. And blah blah blah. You know. I had to. I had to change VSL.

They're just not. Right. I've got VSL 2.0 now. And I'm using something called. Attention desire bridging.

Which is. Let me explain what that is. And it's. It's different. It's whatever.

Yep. I don't know. No. I get it. And he can definitely riff on that.

Um. So. Does that help? It definitely does. And.

And I like. Um. Bringing the pandemic into it. Like. Not because of the pandemic.

But. By saying. Because of a recent change in the marketplace. Like something changed. And that's what changed.

And everyone can. Agree with that. Like they know how they change their behavior. Based on the pandemic. Oh.

So. Yeah. And I like. Naming the mechanism. Something other than the offer.

Because we should save that. For the very end. Although I think the offer is called the framework. And the now method is called the now method. But there's two similar.

So I like what you said about. It. That doesn't matter. I mean. Look at what Todd does.

You got E5 method. And E5 acquisition accelerator. E5 top one. You've also got like. Ryan Levesque has the ask method.

Right. And then the ask method master class. You know. So. It.

It's okay. Don't. Like you. It could say the now method. And then.

The now. Academy. Or the now. And it's fine. It's fine.

Yeah. Yeah. But I like the fact that the now method. Uses the. Attention.

Whatever. Whatever. To achieve the result. Right. Yeah.

And I would say. Yeah. Or you could just say that the now Academy. Is built from the ground up. On.

Attention. Desire. Bridging. Or whatever. You know.

Whatever this new thing is. That he had to come up with. Yeah. Okay. But most.

Most importantly. Is just make it clear. Make it really clear that yes. This is different. And why it's different.

And how. That difference is. Makes it so much. Better than. Everything else.

That's worked in the past. Or it's in. Because he can say. He can say. That he's watched more.

VSLs. Than. Anybody on the planet. I bet. And be.

You know. 100% right. Like he's seen. He's seen them all. I'm sure he.

He's had. Top end clients. You know. Like Ryan Dice. And Frank Kern.

And Joe Polish. And all those guys. Absolutely. Absolutely. And he's seen their stuff.

He knows what works. And what doesn't work. Right. So. This is great.

This is great. And. I. You're right. We haven't gotten to the.

Rich Sheffrin. This changes everything. With that lead. Why. This new framework.

Changes everything. Why it's new. Why it's different. We haven't gotten there yet. Yeah.

Okay. Great to have your eyes on it. Thank you. Yeah. So how have you been?

I've been good. I've been good. Yeah. Man. I am really a Jackie of all trades.

Working for John. Like. I bet. I've got my hands in copy. I've got my hands in.

Running ads. I've got my hands in. Launching his YouTube channel. I grow. I help him create.

He does the videos. But I do everything behind the scenes. With the analytics. And the topics. And the.

Tweaking. The videos and titles. And words. For the algorithm. I do all that.

So I had to learn how to do that. Which is fun. I actually love doing that. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. I hate. Doing. Anything that has to do with media buying. That's the only thing.

I can't stand. Everything else. I love. But. Media buying.

I'm just. Only because I just. I'm bad at it. And I don't feel like. Developing.

That skill. Yep. You know. Yeah. It's like.

Why should you. Shore up a weakness. Like. No. You.

You make your strength. Stronger. You don't. Like shore up a weakness. Right.

Yeah. Yeah. There are other people. Right. Right.

I mean. I don't like. Really like running ads. Either. I don't like the.

Mechanics of it. All the creatives. And all the. It's just a lot of moving parts. It's there's.

Right. There's the creative. Then there's the audience. And then there's the. How many clicks are you getting?

And then. Like the CTRs. And the CTAs. And the AOVs. And the.

Roazes. Like. And you have to watch it constantly. You can't. Like a freaking hawk.

I know. I forget it. So. So what are you doing? I mean.

It within E5. Or within. Are you just working for Todd? Do you work for other people? What's your.

No. I do freelance. Marketing stuff. Like. Well.

Like you used to do. I would imagine. Right. You know. I get.

Like. I used to get a client. A month or so. Now. It's.

One or two a year. You know. I'm really busy with Todd. And what. What are you doing for?

I'm building. Is coaching program. And coaching. Like. I run the coaching program.

Ah. Okay. And that is for. E5. And top one.

Customers. E5. Acquisition. Accelerator. And E5.

Plus. I don't. Have anything to do with top one. I mean. Except when they come here.

Because they're always coming here to. To get help with their. Campaign. Like Todd will just say. Hey.

Just. You know. Get on a call with Michael. Or. Show it.

Go to one of the coaching calls. Or. Or whatever. Oh. All right.

Because that's what. One of the things. I did for John. For. Three years.

Was. His. Copy pro software. Okay. I did live coaching calls.

Twice a month. For. Three years. Okay. So I'm.

Very. Very. Familiar. We do. Ten coaching calls a week.

So. I know. That's amazing. But you're. You have more people.

Yeah. Yeah. I mean. Theoretically. We could add.

Our tech guy. But I don't know. That he'd want to do them. Or if he could even be. Any good at them.

But yeah. And you like coaching. Because I really dig coaching. I love. I love it.

Yeah. I love it. Yeah. Yeah. If I didn't.

I would not like my job. But I love my job. So. It's. It's a hoot.

Yeah. I live in Paris, France. Seriously? Yeah. That's so cool.

And so I. Yeah. So I. I get to talk to people who speak English. When did you move there?

Um. I don't know. Maybe. Well, we just paid off our apartment. And that was.

That's been 15 years. It was a 15 year mortgage. So. It's been at least that long. Holy smokes.

I mean. I wasn't. I wasn't here the whole time. I spent some time in Japan. And Egypt.

And stuff like that. But. Oh, that's so cool. I have a desire to like leave this country. Pretty sick of.

The laws and things here, but. And my son has visited France. I've never been there. I've only been. Through there on my way to Israel.

But he loved it. He said it was a great country. So I think if I moved anywhere out of the States, it would be France or England. But this is really cool. And I appreciate being able to hop on a call like this with you.

It's been super helpful. Good. And it's going to speed up the process. Because I frankly am a little rusty on E5. And now that John's in top one.

I've been hastily going back through my E5. Like, oh my God. What do I have to do? Like. Because to get back into Todd's world.

I mean, I've been through the whole thing. But I never implemented an entire E5 campaign. Oh, okay. Because I've only been working for John. So I bought E5 while I've been working for John.

So I never did an E5 campaign. And for me. I know what it is. But I've never done one. Until now.

Yeah. So like I see. I mean, he's done this so many times. That's the only thing I would really focus on. Is making it so that.

This that. Wow. This is different. I want that. I want that in the lead.

Well, you know, it's kind of hard is. People who have tried to run VSLs and failed. Who the hell are those people? Like doing customer research. Or, you know, going and trying to do avatar research.

Listen. Yeah. Just. I'm like coaches. Consultants.

I'm like going into that world. And I'm looking at ads they're seeing and. Other offers. There's a. Veritable.

Avalanche. Of biz off offers. Right now. I don't know if you're up on that, but it is. Incredible.

Yeah. Whether it be Amazon or affiliate marketing or. Become an email marketer for. Run PR campaign. You name it.

Yeah. It's exploding. It is. Become a course creator. That's huge.

Yeah. So to. To fit in with all the biz ops. You know, it's hard when you're not a biz op. Yeah.

So we've, we've got our work cut out for us, I think. All right. Well, I, I will be back. I'm sure after this is tweaked. And.

Yeah. It's probably close to dinner time now for you. Right. Yeah. It's getting there.

Cool. Well, I still haven't. I still have another call. Another call later tonight that I have to do. Oh, really?

Yeah. If you show up to, to the, to the media buying call tonight, I'll be there with Matt. He runs the, or he is on the media buying team for our media buying company. What's Matt's last name? Well, I can't remember.

I'm sorry. I'm embarrassed to say. Oh, no, that's okay. Matt. Yeah.

Sorry. I'll find out. I just call, I just call him Matt. You know, I. Let's see.

That meeting is at three. So for you, it's what? Eight o'clock or something like that. Matt. Matt Graham.

Oh, all right. I got to go. I've got a meeting. Okay. All right.

Talk to you soon. Thanks, Mike. All right. Bye-bye. Bye.

Bye.
