---
title: "Foundations 2021-10-18 15:56:33"
date: 2021-10-18
duration: 2h 26m
duration_seconds: 8779
vimeo_id: 635561284
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations 2021-10-18 15:56:33

**Date:** 2021-10-18 | **Duration:** 2h 26m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And then I change my mind. Thank you.

Okay, good. Yes, 100. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Okay. So, which is a multimedia, which is a multimedia course about using social media for your business. where you can learn, where you can learn. Use social media, use social media. Well, social media, you know, social media, you know, how to identify the top social media, you
post detailed you can talk about it on a daily basis, you know, you know, social media, you know, social media, you know, and especially day.

No, I'm talking about in the, where you, in the set offer part. Oh. Oh. Where are you two? Okay.

Something like that. Media to attract more views, comments, engagement with your business on a daily basis. I think it's a program where you can use social media to, should I say build the business first? Because without building, how would they attract? Yeah.

So you have a course that talks about building a business. Oh. And that's the first deliverables. So why do you need this? If this is for building a business, why do I need the other thing?

That's why we have to make sure that this is relevant and it's helpful. Right. And it's not the same thing, the same benefit, the same outcome. Oh. Like if I had, if you had an app that, if you had an app that, that helps people build
a passionate business and you had a course that helped people build a passionate business,
right?

Well, why do they need them both? Well, they both do the same thing. Why are you, you know what I mean? Why do I need this? If this other thing does it, you know, you want, you don't want them thinking that.

So this is where I would say social media mastery is a program where you use social media to attract,
not views, but attract, um, uh, people prospects to your business. Yeah. Yeah. More potential customers. Yeah.

More potential customers. And engage with them. And engage with them. On a daily basis. Perfect.

Oh, wow. So now. Yeah. Does that make sense? This is, we still haven't gotten to the benefit yet, but this is the DFW, right?

Of DFW BP. You remember that? From the SIN offer. The deliverable, the feature, the why, the benefit, the proof. Right.

I actually haven't gone through that. Oh, I kind of figure that. I kind of figure that from looking, reading what you had so far. Cheating what I'm here. Yeah.

So social media mastery is a program where you can use social media to attract more potential customers,
engage with them on a daily basis. Okay. Okay. So what's the, if they do that, what's the big benefit? What's the biggest benefit to that?

Um, if they do that, of course they get more sales. They generate more revenues because they build deeper connection or relationship with their customers. Okay. Okay. Write that down.

Okay. Write that down. So. Hmm. So you, there you go.

So you can build. So you. Hmm. So you, there you go. So you can build.

So you. Hmm. Hmm. So you can build. So you.

Hmm. Hmm. So you can get more clients. Okay. All right.

So give me an exact, show me, describe what that is like. No, get rid of the why and because stuff. So what does that describe getting more clients with social media? Give me an example of that happening. You know, when people, when someone makes a post or consistently making many or different posts, then many people comment on the poster engage.

And then when the person makes an offer or whatever, then since those clients already have the relationship with the business, then they're going to buy from them more likely. Okay, good. So let's just do that, go a little further with this. So when, when they. So let's see, let me think, I need to think, I need to write and think at the same time.

Let's see. So when. Oh. Okay. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

All right. Can you see the chat? Just copy all of that and add it to... All right. All right.

So the next time... Oh, wait a minute. No, you deleted something. You said, so you get more clients, right? Mm-hmm.

That means... What was it? Do a control Z. Let me see it. So you can get more clients.

Now do a paste. And then right after the explanation point. Yeah, there you go. So you get more clients. You get an offer to your social media group instead of seeing a barren post with zero comments.

You spend an hour answering questions and sending them links to your checkout page. And you end up with a feeling of confidence that so many people share your passion and look up to you for advice. So what I have there is I've got a functional benefit so you can get more clients. Then I have a dimensionalized benefit, an experience benefit, right? Mm-hmm.

And it's sort of like... So the next time you make an offer to your social media group, instead of seeing... It's like you can visualize it, right? You said, so you can get more clients. You can't really visualize that.

Like how many clients? 10? 21? I don't know. But the next time you make an offer to your social media group, now you're starting to tell a little story in one sentence.

Instead of seeing a barren post with zero comments, you spend an hour answering questions and sending them links to your checkout page. And then... And you end up with a feeling of confidence that so many people share your passion and look up to you for advice. So all three of those sentences become the benefit. Do you get that?

Yeah. So I want you to change that to whatever you like, right? But what I have is a benefit statement that has all three flavors of benefit in it. Got it. It's a single benefit.

That's the B, part of the DFWBP. This one? Yeah. B, that stands for benefit. It's the D is deliverable and then feature.

And then why do they need that feature? And then B, the benefit of that feature. Oh. Oh. And the P is proof.

Oh. And deliverable. Yeah. See? So deliverable is this?

The deliverable is social media mastery. This one. This one. And then this one is the feature. That's a deliverable.

Oh, this one is also deliverable. The deliverable is social media mastery. Yeah. This one. This one.

This one is the feature. Feature. That's a deliverable. Oh. This one is also deliverable.

Well, yeah. I thought we were at the benefits. I mean, the bonuses. Isn't this the bonuses area? Here.

Yeah. Yeah. You also get a bonus called social media mastery. All right. Social media mastery.

That's a deliverable. Is a program. Is a training program. Say training program there. All right.

So training program. That's a feature. That's what it is. What is this thing? Where you can use social media track more customers engage them on a daily basis.

That's why they need that training program. Right? So that's DFW. Do you see that? Where's the D?

That's the D. Where's the F? That's the F. And where's the Y? There you go.

That's the Y. And the B is all of that. Nope. Keep going. That's all the B.

That's a single benefit. Do you see that? That's a single benefit. Yeah. I see that.

Okay. All right. Then the only thing out left is proof. And you can say something. And you don't even have to use proof necessarily.

But if you wanted to use proof, you could say, you know, just like Michael from Monroe did when, you know, when he, I don't know, ended up making an extra two grand from a single blog post or something. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what you would say. But that's where you kind of use a short statement of case study or, or it could be scientific proof.

There's all kinds of proof. Got it. So then I don't use, I don't use any of these things. You don't have to. You can, but here's the thing.

By the time we get down to the sin offer portion, they want your mechanism. They want pain bridging. They want pain, passion, passion bridging. They want pain, passion bridging. So let's just tell them quickly how they can get it as soon as possible.

They've already heard benefit after benefit after benefit of pain, passion bridging. You know, in all of your argument, you just kept saying a lot of benefits, right? Benefit, benefit, benefit, benefit. They've heard a lot of those. So they want pain, passion bridging by now, if we've done our job right.

So you really, now all you're doing is saying, okay, here's how to get pain, passion bridging. Just join this thing. And here's what's in it. But this is the, really the only way you can get pain, passion bridging is by showing up to
this thing, this event. And let me tell you a little bit about it, but you don't have to tell them much because
they already want pain, passion bridging.

You know, now you can put more benefits in there if you want, but the more benefits you
add, the longer that sin offer gets. And they already have their wallet out because they want pain, passion bridging. Remember, we've already gotten them there. They already believe the thesis statement. That's the big picture.

Now, yeah. So if this were a regular sales page, right? Like you're used to doing where you have at the top, the top is a big headline about your
event and all the stuff that's happening in the event, then yeah. Yeah. You want to go on and on about all the features and all the benefits and all of that stuff of
the event.

But at this point, they want pain, passion bridging. So just get it to them as quickly as you can. Now, if we find out that they don't sign up, if we do a test, then we can go in and add
more benefits. We can make the offer more rich with benefits if we want. But at this point, it's a kind of a fine balance between boring them to death and letting them
boring them and letting them get that mechanism as soon as possible or getting the benefits
higher and higher.

And I'm going to say that when you get to the sin offer, there's a price, right? So as you're talking about the sin offer, the more benefits you talk about inside their
mind, it has more value. It gets higher and higher. And then you say the price, as long as the price is lower than the value they think they're
getting, they'll pay for it. Right?

So that's why I did, I went out of my way to write such a long and juicy benefit statement. Now go up to where you talk about the deliverables. And let's look at your, now in the sin offer. Yeah, so on day one, you'll get clarity on exactly what business you can start and how
to find your micro niche. Knowing your micro niche will allow you to differentiate yourself from others instantly
standing out from wannabes and all of the people in the industry, knowing what products
programs to create.

Okay. So you have a benefit in there. You can differentiate yourself from everyone else. Okay. You also have the feature you've got day one and you've got, why do they need it?

You know, to get clarity on their micro niche. So good job. Um, if you wanted, you could add more benefits, right? But you have a benefit there, right? Knowing your micro niche allow you to differentiate yourself.

That's a big benefit. Um, there's no, I don't see any emotion in that benefit. Like how would they feel if they're able to differentiate themselves? Will they feel like proud that they are head and shoulders above all the other, all their
competitors? Will they do, will they feel, um, confident that they're going to be able to make a sale
because people see them as different.

And you know what I mean? Hmm. Does that make sense? Now get rid of the word would. Oh, why is that?

Yeah. Click it now. How's that sound? You feel confident to be able to make a sale. Um,
Front now from being so different from being seen as so different and superior to your competitors.

Because that's the, that's the, um, that's what you're saying in your, in your benefit
statement that you're going to differentiate yourself from others instantly standing out. Mm hmm. Okay. On day two, you learn about how to create your own framework and have clarity on your product
portfolio, understanding both are the foundation of your business. And here comes a benefit.

You have no more confusion, um, and how to charge people. Uh, and you'll look very smart. Okay. That's two benefits when you present your framework to clients. So does this make you proud?

Does this make you happy? Does this make you, um, confidence? Does this make you what? What? So that's, that's where you can add an emotional benefit.

Okay. And you look very smart is, um, looking smart and emotion. Is that a, is that a feeling? Um, maybe not. Okay.

Um, yeah. So, uh, no, number three, you've got, you learn how to get you for sale. This is the most important skill you need to acquire. You'll learn how to communicate with clients and confidently charge the price. Yeah.

The skill you acquire your first sale. Okay. So you've got all three things in this one too. Yeah. Yeah.

Cause I think maybe long time back, we wrote it hardly together. There was one thing that, you know, I am just wondering because today, you know, we, we, we did this in stages, right? I should probably frame this in stage one, two, three. Okay. Okay.

Or not. Um, I think, uh, I didn't connect back to the, these, what do you think? Um, I, I'm not sure what you're asking. So, so here I know I'm giving a brief support. Oh, Oh, okay.

Okay. So I'm feeling, am I, am I not connecting as of now? Because now I have changed it into stage one, two, three. Yeah. Two, I'm using like building.

Sure. I should revise it. Is it? Yeah, you could do that. So stay on day one.

We get clarity on the, um, on stage one. You'll get clarity on stage one. So that you know exactly what business you can start and. Should I put. No, no, no.

On day one, on day one, you'll get clarity on stage one. Right. Showing you exactly what business. Right. So now it's kind of.

I, you don't need to do that. You've already explained it to them. They've already explained it to them. They got there. They want pain, passion, bridging.

They got the wallet out. Remember. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Just recap. Yeah. Yeah. And then, uh, on stage and day two, you'll learn about how to create your, um, you'll,
you, you begin instead of you'll learn, um, put you begin, um, the stage two process. Oh, and learn how to create your own free.

Right. So now it's like, it's all referring back to the explanation you did in the marketing argument. I talk about this. Uh, sure. Where you build your business stage two and learn how to.

So on day two, you begin the stage. No, that's fine. What you have, there's fine. Building it, creating your own framework and having clarity product before that's building
your business, isn't it? Yeah, it is.

Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Maybe.

Now, now do the, this, the three days. Uh, that's a three days of those correspond to the three stages. Um, I think almost. Yeah. Okay.

Yeah. Then that's, that's convenient. More or less. Yes. Okay.

Could I, I mean, if I'm using a graphic, maybe I could just, again, refresh their mind
of what it is. Um, yeah, sure. Why not? Cause they want this. They want this.

They want this. They want this. They want this. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The one pain, passion bridging.

And that's it. All three stages. Day one. We do stage one day to stage two day three stage three. Yeah.

Right. Okay. This. Then you. You will.

Go through the stage three. Yeah. I'm safe. You. You'll master stage three and learn.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Hmm.

Does this, is this any better? Does it, am I giving you any clarification? Or am I just telling you things to do? And. No, no, no.

This is a, this is good. Definitely. I'm getting more clear. Okay. Good.

Well done. Or not. That's fine. Get plenty of time. Looks like it's just you and Lisa today.

So. So. So. So. So.

So. I think the. The, the, the, the, the, this thing is done then. I just need to see if I have proof. Okay.

So. So. You get more clients next time you may offer. Yeah. So.

Yeah. So. So. Yeah. So.

Yeah. So. Yeah. So. Yeah.

So. Yeah. So. Yeah. So.

Yeah. It's, you're not done with a sent offer because. What we, what's not clear in here are what's, what are the terms? How much does it, how much you charging for it? I don't have it here.

Where was it? oh is it here yeah there you go oh no scroll down a little bit let me see what you have
actually actually sorry there was one more there's one more thing which is uh about how to write a
book oh they're gonna get that course as well yes wow these guys get a lot of stuff oh they
get a shit ton of stuff i mean about a lot of stuff like a lot of stuff
they really got a lot like it's it's actually a lot lot lot more than these we are creating
a bunch of things right now we have like two months worth of like
activities live activities that's going on but i'm not including here
wow yeah so anyway i need to also plug this one
yep and then you need to um go up go to the uh go to the workbook
yeah scroll down until you get to um
scroll down some more scroll down some more and right okay and that's where you are now right
this one yeah so look at all of this you got more stuff here
got it okay yeah we need to talk about terms we need to talk about risk reversal
like guarantee is it a 30-day guarantee is it 14 days a year-long guarantee um and what is the
guarantee right are you going to tell them to um
like attend the first day
and discover discover your next see that has that's part of your offer
oh oh i thought the work is done it's not done yeah look at you thinking you're done
i was like oh oh actually where's the price
oh my god
wow that's actually a great that's actually a great offer you don't pay anything
until day two right you go through day one you either love it you discover the niche that you're
passionate about and you see the possibilities of you know this business you're going to create
and you or you just send one email and will um not charge you
right and we'll kick you out and you'll never you'll never know
okay that's actually that's a pretty good offer that's a pretty good offer that's a pretty good offer
that soft offer you gave this idea what's that you gave us this idea of the oh i did
uh i think it was you i think that was you asking if that was if that something like that were possible
yeah and then you said yes and then at the time i couldn't do it because we already have a whole bunch
of people sign up but then you know i i spoke to dave at that time and he said he wanted to try but
then we didn't do it but then now we said from the beginning we had you know implemented it
yeah so yeah that's a great great way to do an offer
you know because just go to the first day the whole day spend the whole day with me
discover your niche that you're passionate about that the business that you want to run
everything about and you're either head over heels in love with your new business idea and can't wait
to get started or you just send me an email and we'll part friends i won't charge you a i won't
charge you a penny and i just asked so do you have the credit card information already is that how
you and you hold it yeah oh that's a good idea yeah he's got to set that up with the payment
processor and all that but um no so how we are doing it we can't do any fancy stuff we're still
going to charge it it's just that on day one there's going to be like a specific time where if
they want a refund it's just going to be within that time range that they're going to make that
refund that's going to oh okay and then you'll charge all the credit cards at that point
yeah no it's it's we already charging it okay and they're they are already paying it when they
click that you know i'm buying the tickets they are already oh okay um however you know because we
can't do those fancy stuff as of now so are you sure you can't i bet okay so you don't you just don't
have the technology right now i mean it is the technology it's not just the technology but cash flow
and everything it's uh because we're talking about a big amount of people so like a thousand five
hundred people that we're aiming for it's a lot of people so that's a lot of people that's a lot of
people joining that program that's our goal right now we are at like 400 plus so that's why we need to
work on the sales page okay all right yeah so so we still do the 100 you know 100 but i didn't know
you were meaning this way though that i put their credit card on hold that i didn't know yeah so it's
not a not a credit card on hold it's like a like if you in all of the shopping cart programs you can
select a trial you collect the cards and 14 day free trial for example oh that and in your case in
your case would be a one day free trial or whatever a three day depending on when they buy
yeah and it's like um and you can sit and you don't i wouldn't make it after the first day i would
say look i would i would set it towards um so that it happens after sometime after i mean it's kind of
it's really hard to uh set up a free trial that over a long period of time that all ends on the
same day because every day you'd have to change the trial period you know like the first day it'd be a
five day um trial period the next day it'd have to be a four day and then three day and then two day
you'd have to keep changing it and so that that'd be a pain um but
well next level next level maybe you can think about that for now yeah yeah yeah so that's fine
it's better than zero money back guarantee yeah which is what we were at before so
so by a 365 day 100 guarantee how many how long of guarantee 30 days no so it is uh so it's gonna be
like it's a 100 money back guarantee where let's say after completing day one if they if they feel
that it is not a good fit then they just email us and no question us and then they're gonna get their
refund oh and then at after day two they don't get a refund no wow no it's only day one oh wow
you guys are hardcore let's see that's not that's um
okay so there is no um money back guarantee for your um event
if they attend the event if they attend the event and they don't like it they they can't get their
money back right if they attend day one they don't like the event they can get it back okay got it all
right i'm with you i'm with you so partially so it kind of still is the money back what yeah yeah
kind of is like so i guess it'd be a 24 hour 100 money back guarantee yeah so you're gonna have to
figure out how to how to write that i'll give it some thought too um i probably just write you know
100 money back guarantee if on day one blah blah i wouldn't say like 24 hour because it makes it look
so small but i probably would just put you know 100 money back guarantee you know on day one in case
year blah blah then you just have to do this and then we're gonna refund you the money yeah so just
so you know this is not what i was suggesting
you understand what i was suggesting right now i understood but i think it's so as of
as of now it is not possible for the model that i run and the reason is because we start selling
tickets four months before the event okay it's just uh practically not possible to do that i get it
i get it so um yeah so so you'll give them a so your your your risk reversal is they can attend the
first day and if they're not head over heels in love with it they'll get a full refund yes right so
that's okay i've got i'm with you some people don't offer any refunds like todd and his um copywriting
class no refund yeah he had no no refunds for the copy uh thing yeah that that's what we used to do
and then you were talking about you know the lower their risk is the more conversion we might get that's
why we changed it and try for this one um but the problem was we actually lowered the price
plus adding the guarantee so i don't know if that also i don't know which factor got more but we we did
get a little bit more conversion it's what it is okay all right so anyway um so i think um i'm gonna
complete the so the scene offer is the last step is it yeah that's the last step for you
okay i think i'm gonna complete the scene offer and then i'm gonna send over to you for
reviewing the whole thing all right sounds good all right i'll talk to lisa next and then annette
hello hello okay thank you
okay lisa you said you had a question yeah a couple of questions um
um so i'm about to write the lead and i was thinking like am i writing for my email list
am i writing for some future facebook ad like what am i writing for because okay so
i'm thinking to send it to my email list but ultimately or maybe soon to facebook but it's not the same
yeah the lead is for your audience that your campaign so for example when we did our um when
we did our market research you decided to go with um um you know like athletes or people who are
already um had like had positions of authority or something or whatever so athletes um new speakers
and seasoned speakers let's just those that's your audience
but where am i writing am i it's one thing what i'm going to write on facebook
and it's another thing what i would write in an email right so imagine i want you to imagine the whole
um experience they're going to have they're going to see an an ad they're going to click on it
so am i writing a facebook ad or am i writing an email to them
um that's just for for sake of this discussion okay let's uh to answer your question let's say
you have a facebook ad right that's the lead doesn't go the lead does not go there but you have an ad
and they go oh and they click the ad then they go to a opt-in page right and they see the opt-in page
the only thing on that is a headline and a button when they click that button that's when they can
opt-in and give you their email address and then they go to your sales page now the sales page
has the headline then the lead then the marketing argument then the sent offer all on the same page
and usually the headline is at the top and the other three are below them either in the form of
long form sales copy or a video right um and when i say video i mean it's um just text with on a white
background it's there's no image of you uh speaking um you know what i mean just your voice
so that is um that's where the lead goes and the lead is basically the first three to 500 words
where you talk about the 5c method how great it is you get them excited about 5c that's the only
purpose of the lead about how different it is how better it is how much how faster how easier how this
how that you know just getting them excited about 5c now as soon as they finish that they think wow this
is different i've never heard anything like this before this is completely different than anything
i've ever heard as far as speech writing goes or speeches goes this is crazy but i'm not really
convinced and that's where we'll do more writing where we prove what we just said in the lead
so it's like um you know in journalism they the writers always start with a lead we're doing the same
thing excuse me except our goal is to simply get them excited about your mechanism and how different
it is from other methods of okay so i just didn't know where it was going it's going on the sales page
okay so if i did a facebook ad let's say i'm saying get a free template how to write the perfect speech
learn more well that's not what you would do that the ad is going to have the same big idea
for the same hook that we have on the sales page find out how to get ten thousand dollars for a speech
itself itself get this template they click and um not template not template they're getting training
out learn about the c5 message yeah exactly some kind of ad like that and then they go and give their
email and i mail them this sales letter no then as soon as they give you the um their email address
they click the button you get the email address and they get the sales page yeah and the sales page
is the training that we were talking about about c5 yeah so that's my that's where i put the lead and
the argument etc etc okay so i just didn't know where it went yeah so i didn't know if i was writing to my
email list so um yes so you are still because what you can do with your email list is you send them
emails again with your big idea in the email hey listen the c5 method is amazing um you want more
information about it i've got training on it here and they click the email in the link in the email and
they go straight to the sales page they don't go to an opt-in page first because you already have their
email address obviously so they would go and they they're going to see the same message that
cold traffic would
okay all right yes okay so the lead is just to get them excited about how the mechanism is different
and better than everything else and they can get the promise which is a 10k speech it sells itself
perfect yeah okay that's exactly right and it may or may not have the headline up front it just has
to work um it's going to have the headline at the top of the page i mean the one i wrote i wrote a lot
yeah i know i know so one of them could be at the top another one could be in the middle
you know just now what we'll pick one we'll pick one headline okay we'll pick one headline for
for that page and then we'll write a lead about c5 method okay so the headline i'll probably go with
is you know this is the best way to create a 10k speech it sells itself kind of thing not the one
about changing the world okay um okay so another thing i was thinking about
and which actually bronze just started thinking about listening to bronze is i've been a little
worried about how i'm going to run the class because i've never done anything but a one shot
you know like a hour or so with a group group coaching on speech writing but i've done all the
components just never run it but i like the idea of having it be so i said it was going to be a three
month course where they learned in the first three weeks of every month so it's nine weeks
and i have the c5 method so i could break it down by the week i like that idea or by the month
let's say by the month it's a little gives me more flexibility and somehow i could have
introduction and then get it up to nine weeks you know even though it's five i could just add
it doesn't matter because they're they're not going to see it by the weeks it'll be by the
month so i don't even have to think about that now the good part about that is i know what i'm doing
and they know what i'm doing and i think it's very compelling to see what you're getting
in what order like month one month two month three or even every week actually but
whichever i think probably make more sense to do it by the month because it's so creative
now the the downside to that and maybe it just has to be this way the more i think about it
listening you know to what bronze was offering that you just can't come in any time
because the truth is you can't you really have to start with what your stories are
what the insights you got what this action steps that corresponds to the insight you know what your
message is um how to write your introduction your promise your message and self-introduction
and menu and conclusion so these really do have an order there really isn't a lot of flexibility
so you're saying you want all the students to start at the same time yeah okay
so that's just a new thought because i also think it's very appealing to see
in what order you're going to do everything
okay i even like the idea of the weeks if i could figure it out i'll play around with five
c well just keep in mind you've already you've already written your sin offer you're talking about
offer stuff now well just add on that here's the menu of what we're going to do i mean it's
not much okay they're already reading the five c they know it's going to happen so the first two
weeks is captivate the second two weeks is challenge or you know they already it's the same thing
i'm only going to add a time element because i think what's really going to differentiate me from
everyone else is they're really going to get it done it's not just you get a lot of homework and a
lot of stuff to do on your own and then good luck to you if you've watched some videos and once a week
everybody gets on a coaching call okay so that was another thought is to break it down that way i think
it's appealing more appealing and then just you're going to do a lot of stuff in three months
you know when you're going to do it i think that's appealing
sounds good yeah yeah um you know i would say i i if you're asking me has anyone ever run a coaching
program like that or yeah absolutely we used to do that we had we had a system where all the students
had to start at a certain date we'd scramble to get enough students to fill it fill up the class
we'd have been anywhere from 12 to 18 students starting each class you know summer was always slower
um but the and it would go it would go 10 weeks well so the way you do it now so you did it then like
is really people are still going through the same process they're just it's just staggered depending on
when they enter right correct so maybe that's better because i feel like listening to people in
different stages is helpful okay well maybe i make it here's the here's the trajectory but you enter
any time everyone doesn't have to be doing the same thing at the same time there are pros and cons
to both and well if we had time i could go on and on about um about all the decisions we made and
why we made them and that sort of thing i decided to emulate what you do figuring why invent the wheel
so i guess in the end of the day you came up with this is better we're getting ready to change it up
again so we're constantly we're still working that out you know we're looking we constantly look at
hey debbie we look at the student feedback and um we get ideas about what they want what they need and
and so we make changes so it's we're still working out what we're going to do next but um you know to
answer your question what you're talking about a lot of coaches do it that way so it's fine
or people entered any point when they all go through
yep and they a lot of coaches also do the cohort model it's called where several students start at
the same time and we did that and you know that worked and it works for a lot of coaches a lot of
training programs in fact every college in the world does it that way
right so well i'm not on the education you get there well i i realize that but i mean the model
the training model yes i'm just kidding is viable you know it's okay so when i i went to coach you
which was a virtual school you know this is like i don't know what year over 10 years ago and i was
in it for seven years and people just joined whenever they wanted i liked that
you know what i think about coach you is once you signed up you had a lot of time
we lost you lisa
i said one thing that was interesting about coach you had lifetime coach you that was the offer they made
life lifetime coaching is that what you're saying yeah you could be in the program till you died
basically
good and there was a presumption on their side that they would stay in business till you died
whenever that was i think it's very presumptuous
just another model yeah another model so yeah to answer your question um how you do it it's up to
you i mean what would be more fun for you what would be more convenient for you easier for you
better for your students those are all things to take into account especially with the subject matter
that you're talking and the kind of work you're going to be doing with them
like do you want to work with everybody at the same time on their top picking their topics right
so i'm planning to do it the way you do it in e5
okay in other words it would be one-on-one but people would listen to each other and they could chime
in okay because i that's how you do group coaching that's how i that's how i do group coaching i
group i coach in the corporate world so i'm going to coach one person on their issue and invite the
other people on the call to also coach that person but i'm not going to or i may be training on
something i i distinguish coaching training that's that's kind of a mastermind model actually
when no times when i'm going to go through an agenda do most of the talking so i just call these
but in any case um it'd be unlikely to go around the room too many times with everyone getting coached
because it's such a difficult thing to do speech writing it's easier to do it for one person at a time
you know let's say everybody went around the room with their message i don't think i could say
yeah great or no get back to work because i only have three minutes each that's not going to happen
yeah yeah so you got some decisions to make yeah i'm just going to copy you to start that's my
decision i'm not going to invent the wheel i'll try your model and that way and that way you can ask
questions about how we handle things and we can just tell you exactly what we're doing now i'm not
going to do anything except what you're doing with a few modifications for necessity and because i don't
have a team of people i'm just me at the moment but um that's i like to do what other people have
done that's worked like i told you i'm an artist so i would look on all through art history before i'll
figure out what i want to that's the way i do it and then i pick one after a hundred research
um drawings so i do something my work is really original it doesn't look like anybody
i mean it may be a combination of three artists or so but i i i like i totally believe in copying
until you see the road you want to go down not starting from scratch and learning by trial and
error i don't have the time so i'm just going to copy what you do okay so those are my big questions
it's like where is the lead going okay so it's going on a sales letter that would either be to
my email list or after somebody opted in to get them excited about the e5 method correct and the lead
is just i'm different and better and this is why you must be excited right now that's really the point
that is the point get an emotional buy-in on your mechanism okay so i'm like so jet-lagged and
right now but i i hope to revive and get to work on this tonight thank you so much you're welcome
um annette was next she popped up in before uh peter did so annette you sent me some stuff
hello right i'm just going to share that right quick okay and then um because i'm assuming that's
what you want to talk about i wanted to talk about that i liked your uh conversation with lisa
because for that university talk about anything multimedia university um i could shorten it to talk
you like you like coach you i thought that was really clever and um one more thing i wanted to know
should i should i be consistent throughout the whole campaign like just call it a process a step
a method a phase a technique you know like the ask phase or the ask method or the ask approach
don't touch it or just find the way it is ask pre-setting yes so ask pre-setting is it do i call
it an approach of a phase a step a technique because usually that follows ask pre-settings in some of
the text um leave it like that uh so yeah but but yeah i i would not see here's the thing in your
in your um unique mechanism the naming of it you've chosen a term right instead of a title which is
better it's a better way to um you have more options for ideas for big ideas and stuff like
that when you do that yeah you're talking about this concept of ask pre-setting right every now and
then i think you might mention that this process okay okay you know what i mean you're talking about
ask pre-setting as a or this um protocol or whatever but i wouldn't i wouldn't title it
the ask pre-setting process or the ask pre-setting method yeah no i wouldn't do that but i was just
thinking when i'm cleaning up my text as i'm going to read this soon for slides do i stay with one
description after ask pre-setting sometimes i vary it two-step process approach technique yeah
nah leave it very leave it the way it is it's fine okay i mean you do that when you normally speak
anyway that's true thank you i just totally needed your uh stamp of approval yeah yeah no it's fine the
way it is okay um so i'm going to come in here and i'm going to find your uh those things we started
different versions of the um opt-in trapped traffic captivation page headers right because
when paul actually paul didn't know you were talking about it body secret and when i showed him that
he said i love it and i said i do too and he says why do you want to fudge with it i'll explain
i'll explain when i hold on a second because i talked with john talked with teddy i made sure we
were all on the same page with what they asked you to do okay so hold on thank you for doing that
research michael you're welcome um let's see and that's the
do you want me to resend it no no no okay
um i want to find the one i i started messing around with oh thank you um
while you're looking could i say something um to annette yes lisa yeah hi hi really intrigued by
what you talk about and um i've been on a journey with my mom and i thought it was all really
interesting but the one thing that really really puzzled me when i looked at your website
i figured it out but i couldn't figure out what you were offering if you were offering
something else and i'm like is she a coach yeah you hit it on the button i have been a um
i've been i've been a ghost writer and just not being very consistent or concrete about offering
anything so these many years because i really didn't know what i was doing i'm doing a lot of
one-to-one coaching but i do a lot of speaking on stage and i do a lot of um information stuff
because i only care own for 20 years so through e5 i'm really getting very focused and after this
campaign i'm going to do an offer i would just just right now just go on your website and say
i'd love to coach you send me your email or uh or whatever it is and we'll have a conversation it's
just nowhere there that you're a coach and that you would love like two sentences that are missing
i know i that's lisa i've been you might not want to wait i'm gonna say you might just put two
sentences in that i'm a coach and i'd love to have a complimentary call with you so you can experience
you know the benefits of what i do it's a sentence yes i know that um i totally know that but i have to
figure out calendly and all of that so i've just been behind the eight ball but i have really
appreciate that lisa you could they could just email you when you could that's true that's true
don't even make it so hard it's just really they could just say i'd love a coaching session and you
could say how's tuesday at four o'clock it doesn't need you don't need calendly thank you that's really
that really is good verification because i just have been my own worst enemy and just scared
you know to move forward two sentence fix thank you from a copywriter that's really excellent
okay thank you so so what what john and and those teddy and those guys were trying to
say is that um not headers for the opt-in traffic captivation page but um like different like when
you're when when you create facebook ads they wanted choices to use for different creatives
in the ads right so different ways of saying the same thing the same you know this so when i looked
at what you had like i'm looking at this is this is your headline for your opt-in page right you
recognize that um and then i'm looking at some of these other things i revealed ancient bali secret
talk freely to your mom without walking on eggshells you've got the promise in there you've got some
kind of curiosity invoking statement there so this would work um stop walking on eggshells and around
your mom with an ancient bali secret that works turn your monster moms into happy ones with ancient
bali secrets i'm not sure monster moms i mean is that is that something that that would um make sense
to some people call them the mom the monster mom or mommy dearest and so i just took some of the words
that people use to describe their mom okay so i mean so that that might work it sounds a bit radical
and so i don't want to do you know do anything like that to demean moms so i could call it a stubborn mom
for instance okay so talk story with your mom um with ancient bali secret so these are uh okay all i want
for christmas talk to my monster mom with peace and harmony now this one here does not have your idea
about the remote village in indonesia i see and touch your um monster mom sweet spot and never fight
again i mean these are these are good but see the thing is when you when you have an ad and they see
a promise and something like that in in the ad itself and they click it and then they see the opt-in
page it needs to be the same message otherwise they're surprised they'll think oh what what was this
about yes so these are all good starters of ideas um i think probably if you wanted we could work on
these together um on on a call and come up with some some longer headlines some more uh creatives that
they can use um but what you have what you started here headline wise uh this is all pretty good stuff
i mean they're it's all the same idea is what i'm saying you're doing it right except for five and six
yes because i didn't mention bali yeah i think that the bali which was kind of just an omission
because i didn't know what i was really doing but i i have to be consistent that way because they're
going to say oh bali and i actually have a good story about bali too personally about the villages
so i so really agree yeah so like if you had if your headline and your big idea were something about
the ultimate christmas present maybe that was your hook your you know then number five that would
work because if i saw this in an ad and i clicked on it and i showed up over here i've revealed the
ultimate christmas present then it's it's congruent it has you know kind of you know what i mean i don't
want to i don't want somebody to see an ad and click on it and get your opt-in page and not opt-in
because it's not what they expected yes yes yes yes i see so then if i wanted to keep that starter
or a creative would i then change the i wouldn't change the lead oh my gosh not after no you don't
change the lead oh if you after all that if you if you wanted well if you wanted to change your big
idea about some kind of ultimate christmas story or the um christmas carol of the 21st century
or whatever right you know what i mean then you would have to change the lead
i see because the lead is about bali it's about this right this culture this society in indonesia
correct so you would have to change it and that's possible right michael to change just that
for instance i wanted to time it for thanksgiving and talk around the thanksgiving table without
having a meltdown then i would change the lead to say um remember to bring this to your thanksgiving
dinner or something like that uh if you wanted to change your big idea right and keep the primary
promise and the unique mechanism the same then you would have to change the headlines and the lead
i see that would be hard um not that hard i mean you could do it you understand what goes on in
the lead you understand the purpose of it right get people excited about ask presetting that's all
you're trying to do right and you could do that with within a thanksgiving con context i'm sure
i see so what i'm hearing is i could change that window dressing but keep the i the big idea and
keep the fit unique mechanism always the same that's like the guts of it it's a yeah and your
and your chunks remember all those chunks we worked on yes yes yes yes you don't mention bali in any of
those right so you can leave that stuff alone i see because it's still um uh it's still talking about
your unique mechanism which is ask presetting you know you don't have to change that a bit just the
lead and just as i recall just the very first few lines of the lead maybe something else in it i can't
remember exactly but you know what i mean that keeps it so totally kind of it's kind of modular isn't it
the this whole e5 thing yes it's really good because you can keep that core together and pristine and
then you could change all the other things that might might vary for different usages for instance if
i'm talking to a group of um women whose mothers are ailing or sometimes um the the mothers who
are um just like really really toxic though that might be changed or so or for some seasonal reason
like you know mother's day is coming up but then i keep what i'm hearing is i keep the big idea
the unique mechanism the chunks all the same uh the big idea you mean bali oh sorry not keep the big
idea keep the unique mechanism and the chunks all the same and then change the big idea headline and
the lead that's changeable yeah i you know like anything else in that um always be sure to when you're
done making changes like that if you wanted to like use this for another campaign read through the whole
thing and make sure it all makes sense you know like if you're if you wanted to talk about toxic moms
you know and like the cure for toxic moms or whatever then you might want to read through everything
just to make sure it's all relevant to toxic and i think i think it's pretty close anyway
because you know what i mean it's it's yeah it's pretty close but you always want to read through
your entire campaign before you release it somewhere okay thank you so much for getting better is even
better to read it out loud yeah that's when you realize what you're stumbling over and you realize oh
if i'm stumbling over that somebody else is going to stumble over it too so reading it out loud
powerful that was michael's good advice when i chose that person to read it to
because i really got the little you know the hiccups there that didn't match or i would just
use the wrong word for a sentence um structure so i think that that was really a good exercise
yeah um we when i talk with you again if we really wanted to have text for ads we would need more
words more text but we can talk about that but um as far as headlines for ads i think these first four
will work okay the last two won't okay for those things for those reasons we we talked about thank you
so much and i um i'll let you go but the i like what you called it the starter the creatives and
different ways to say the same thing so that's i guess what i was aiming for and you did it you did for
most part you nailed it and i noticed that you added bali to these not all of these first four
had bali in them it looks like you came back and added a few things i can't remember but good job
so you're you're getting this you i i have no doubt that you'll be able to create create another one of
these campaigns whenever you need it oh thank you thank you so much so should i schedule a call with
you for october because i'm thinking um at your next convenience because really what are you doing
that what are you doing right now you're you're reading this you're reading your entire campaign
to someone and once you do that you'll make a few adjustments and then you're going to create the
video and all of that stuff for yes okay so right now i'm reading it through i i'm going to be very
assured that you um said i could use different ways to describe this just as i'm having a conversation
like step phase process approach technique it could be interchangeable sure and then i'm going to
put it into that easy bsl to make different slides and that is instantaneous i already
tried it several times so i want to make sure that when i'm ready to push that button everything's
going to just transfer because it's just gonna it's just gonna go it's like i'm trying to jump onto a
moving car yes oh it's so efficient and it's minutes so then after that i'm going to tape my voice and then
we're going to sync it up and then i guess i get back to teddy to do the mvf right or something like
that i i i think yeah minimum viable funnel and that's where your tech guy will do that for you
and if he needs to talk to with teddy and teddy will help him out yes and what does john do because
john is media buying media buying so that means advertising he's the advertising guy like if you
if you need help or want advice on the actual ads right and the um what what needs to go like these
things we're working on now he's the guy he's the guy to talk to should it be facebook should it be
youtube should it be google he's the man okay excellent and then at the same time i'm doing what
lisa is um thinking about i'm creating my course and the course i'm matching with the different
modules to exactly what talk you is all about talk about anything university and rejuvenating
relationships course remember the modules you came up with so i'm working on that at the same time so
that as soon as we're ready to push this and go live and somebody opts in the course will be ready
nice nice so i it's all like juggling at the same time yeah a lot of balls a lot of plates
on those sticks balls oh my gosh and october here i am i'm ready it's i see it i see the finish line
good for you thank you you're welcome thanks for the idea annette i'm thinking of about speak you
speak university you know i have i have speak up one of my modules is called speak up yeah that
sounds like political activism but i'll play around with speaking or something like that thank you
that's right yeah i don't want to have anything with political activism oh my god
okay thank you thank you everybody okay okay i'll go listen only pita
hey there he is okay well i'm still kind of uh wandering around wondering what my next step is um
uh paul and paul mentioned that he talked to you michael last week after talking with john about
what's the best um next step so um i do have some new data uh from a survey that i'm going to share
here okay but basically our we seem to do great except for the um the offer so i play with the price a
little bit but um but uh sent out a survey i forget michael if you've seen this we sent out two rounds
one of them was um required to the to the 650 people on the list um the first round was just asking
them to reply to the email and uh we got seven responses i think to that and then john mentioned
potentially that having an actual survey form with more anonymity would um encourage some more
responses so i did a separate a second uh round of surveys so i think i got about 15 total
and um so i went through them i have them kind of by by person uh i had three questions what's the
single biggest problems you have in finding mr right what have you tried in the past and basically
why didn't you take the offer why didn't you take up my offer to help you with with this and um so
i have them like by respondents but i i also then um kind of reshuffled everything into categories okay
so i wondered if this is probably the best way to look at it so um i thought we'd just kind of go
over this to clarify potentially message changing and what the offer framing uh needs to be
so um with the problems um a couple people talked about the quantity i feel like i don't have enough
men pursuing me uh i have a problem meeting men so these are all direct quotes copy paste quotes from
their from their answer uh meeting men uh some of them on on man quality i haven't been able to find a
man that wants more than one night fling they always want to rush everything to a level i'm not comfortable
with
uh there doesn't seem to be reciprocated feelings from the men i'm attracted to
i tend to attract lazy men who want to be taken care of um and i did get more extensive answers
from the people that um responded to the email the survey the survey form answers were were a little bit
shorter scammers i'm not quite sure what what they have in mind there uh finding single men who are
high quality biggest problem is finding men that are genuine finding someone who likes what i like
finding a quality communal man i don't know what that is uh so that's kind of man quality problems
um quite a few also self problems i categorize it as i've come to recognize that my fear of rejection
with having four kids has caused me to lower my standards to match my present self-worth
i always wondered if he will accept me for the way i am i have a struggle with the mentality of whether or
not i will be good enough for mr right i didn't know myself or what i was looking for and i was so
desperate to have a boyfriend and be loved communication so when she said my biggest problem
is communication i i don't know i don't know what that means but i put it under under self
um in my past relationships i'd always settle for less one person had a problem with men not
initiating i meet a good amount of men uh but haven't been asked out although i'm feeling confused
about how things have been flirty but not progressing anywhere um four that were kind of special
considerations uh some lady is on disability or has a a mother uh that's sick that she's taken care of
they don't want to deal with i only wanted me to like-minded person this person was a catholic and
only wanted particular political and religious people um tells me i'm sorry but i don't want to
deal with someone who has special needs hard time finding time with a little one so those are kind of
one-off maybe rare extreme situations and then how many how many um but how many people did you get
all together looks like 17 okay
and then problems with apps so this is so the problem was with apps i can't get any real vibes
as to what the guys really like i didn't enjoy the effort it took without the physical attraction
that makes it feel easy when you know someone in person so i assume like there's just too much like
texting activity required beforehand maybe and then this person said the problem was online dating
so that's their problem that's how they describe their biggest problem in finding mr right
so i would say you know mostly male quality issues and self self-issues seem to be the majority buckets
there and then um what have they tried go ahead yeah i'm just gonna say this is gold for copy
yeah identifying and identifying what are yeah this is this is really good um so what they've tried in
the past um somebody dated someone for two years on and off tons of online so okay i'll tell you my
thoughts in a second uh friends socializing just like finding people yourself uh some people said
that what they tried was kind of compromising their behavior doing what the guy would want
i assume kind of sex before they want to sort of issues um three people said i haven't really been trying
uh somebody said different strategies that was unique and then um traditional dating i don't know
exactly what they have in mind i assume anything but online and then i didn't really know what that
meant being honest about what i'm looking for just going for it and then uh why didn't they buy
we had six people talk about the price specifically someone's not ready for putting in any effort
some people someone is kind of hopeless i don't feel like anything can help me with the fact that
all the men i am around only want one thing uh two people kind of said they're not really ready they
feel like they need to do something themselves i need to raise my self-confidence and i would see the
value if i was going on a lot of dates if i was in a big city uh three people talked about not having
enough time uh didn't quite understand i guess simply forgot maybe they click off the web page
and forgot and then two people i assume they just didn't get to the offer these are probably people
that just read halfway through so they didn't even know there was an offer there so um so that's my
data i did ask um in the survey what would be a value to you from a relationship coach so one person
asked a question do i need to be one searching or can i just wait someone wanted matchmaking
someone asked what works on attracting a truly honest man that wants the same thing as myself
so that's my data um any kind of big themes or reactions from you in terms of matching with
the current page and framing and offer as it stands and um then i'll give you my my thinking
yeah so generally with with um i'm always cautious about
um surveys on the one hand what debbie's saying is like right on it's like there's a lot of there's
a lot of pain there's a lot of desires there's a lot of things on this page that you could certainly
throw into a campaign to so various women various people would um feel that you're like them right
kind of thing or that you can empathize with them which is important um at the same time what i worry
about with um surveys which is why i like to do the research the way i do it is that like how many
of these women um you know are living in a trailer park and don't have the level of income that you're
looking for in your ideal prospect and how many of them are c-suite women or how many are executives
and you know what i mean that because that's what that's what she's going after are these um
professional women right i i don't know anymore i i don't think that her value is restricted to just
those people i think that's just who she's gotten in the past and of course with the five grand coaching
program that's that's all you're going to get but i do think um i don't think we need to restrict
ourselves to that market okay because i think what she says can help everybody yeah though but the
question now the question becomes um do the do these women in different situations have different
desires and different beliefs such that you might have to create different campaigns for them
and and so that's i mean if if it's the only way you would know is if you did if you took a bunch of
um a professional woman and a bunch of like single moms for example and a bunch of that and ask them the
same questions and you got the same answers and you would know okay one campaign is going to work for
all of these this whole audience right yeah um so i when you originally um came up with um
uh your your primary promise and it it was because you had a a certain audience in mind right and
certain research on that certain audience correct i mean that was from her discovery call um entry
forum and that was that was a finding mr right was the um the the most common thing they wanted to
talk about with her and that's what the all the the funnel has been and the the hook for the ads and
the opt-in so everybody that i'm that responded to the survey at least responds to that desire
yeah um and a lot of this information what you would use this for is altering for example words in your
um your marketing argument marketing argument part right yeah and um
i'm trying to remember your your engagement with that but i don't think it was that bad
was it did you get like it it was good yeah so i would i would save this data this is valuable stuff
um but i would not change the the marketing argument based on this stuff if you discovered something
in this data that in my mind that told you that wow this i got to change my offer for example uh there's
no way this offer i have is going to appeal to these women yeah or if or if there was something
fundamental oh it's not finding mr right it's trying to it's a self-worth yeah that's what they
really want if it was something profoundly different then i would then i would take note but i'm not
i mean this is a mix it's kind of like all over the place you know yeah and we definitely hit on
both of those and you know this the self-worth is the kind of first step to to improving this i'm
talking with leo later on this afternoon um to talk through this more but to me what's most striking
is that what and this goes back to our concern about do they think this is a different app or like
some different matchmaking service and i think this this kind of confirms that that fear is that
what they think trying means is is this that's what trying means is signing up for a dating app
and that's not at all what she's talking about she's talking about a different way of interacting
and it doesn't matter where they come from if you meet them on the street or if you meet them online
it's a way of interacting and i my concern is that that's not clear um okay yeah so this is
significant because look at all that you've got one three four five six seven eight nine you get nine
different hit points on this uh-huh right and i think that um you hit on something maybe there's not that
clarity is not there maybe that is try it's like because what what trying means and this is i talk
it's not quite as you know market representative but the the facebook um like free ad coach that they
give you um this it was a girl that happened to be like 27 and she she's like claims to be in the you
know heavy in the dating scene and was kind of just representing herself and her her group of
friends to me and she said the reason why nobody would pay much for a service like this is because
there's always another app so in her mind this advice on how to interact with men that if that costs a
lot well i can just do a different app and so it was a numbers game to her and so if if i have access
to a thousand more men why do i need your little strategy here um to her the numbers of men available
made leela's strategy redundant or useless and i think there's something there that needs to be
corrected um and that this is complementary to it and you can even if you have a billion men at your door
what what are you going to do next and i think there's there's this layer of of relationship
strategy that's just not really known um because everybody thinks to try means to sign up for a
dating app and that's not what she's talking about so i to me it's a messaging it's the messaging um
ambiguity your lack of clarity on on my part that what is this it's a it's a way to use dating apps
is it i there's no kind of clear precedent category for what this is um and so some way of of um some
analogy like you spend 200 bucks on a new outfit for a date why not you know spend 200 to to learn
how to interact in a way that's going to lead to what you want um is the kind of angle i've been
thinking about how to how to make this like like but different than other things that you do to help
your chances in finding mr right yeah i see what you mean um and you make a good point it keep in
mind there's this is like less than three percent of the people who who took this who like saw the
campaign and didn't but it looks like a majority of these people think it's thinks that they were
reading something about a software service or app doesn't it or that's what they think is they think
that this is that we're because because i read these things i'm like we help with that that's what
we talked about that's what i we claimed that we could solve and i thought we proved it pretty well
in in a lot of this stuff i mean we directly address a lot of this yeah and but then three percent
thought differently uh where you what's what's the three percent you're talking about well you said
the 17 people took the survey out of 600 right yeah so that's like 2.8 percent of the people of the 600
thought you were talking about software so and i i don't remember what's in the in the copy because
i haven't i haven't um dived into it as deeply as as michael has of course as peter has um but i'm just
curious to know this is the second time i've been in this conversation where the idea of oh they thought
it was an app has come up yeah so i'm wondering if somewhere like right at the top do you have it say
you're you can have the greatest app you can have the greatest dating app in the world and still fail
yes comes to relationships we're going to show you how not to fail no matter how you meet mr right
yeah i think something like that really clear really distinguishing what what this is not at least in
the beginning yeah um i think that could help a lot in framing what's going on in the course of the
sales argument and then yeah this yeah the other thing that will do is it will affirm the fact that
yeah you're trying they want to be told that they're trying right you're trying you're using all the
latest apps you're using what you know you've heard that that you know three of your best friends
met their met their mr right through such and such an app and so you're trying it and it's not working
for you there's a reason that it's not working for you and we're going to help you figure it out
because you could have the best app in the whole world and it's and it could still fail
your relationship your your your search for mr right could still fail because it's not it's not
about the app yeah yeah and some of them are better than others some of them are real crappy from what
i've heard i don't know but but some of them are are full of weirdos peter are you married yep oh okay
i was gonna say you'll never look at dating again the same
why wouldn't you just call it relationship coaching it's clearly not a matchmaking service or
another app if that's what it's called no it's not i'm sorry the mechanism you're teaching is not
a service though right the coaching the coaching is definitely probably the closest word to it and
and one of my ideas in the hopper is to kind of put a framing on the whole thing as hi i'm leela i do
a five thousand dollar private one-on-one coaching and um and i've never revealed what i teach the women
that i mentor or that i coach um but now for the first time i'm gonna make this available as a as a
self-study um option or as a self-study course and that that potentially could get kind of shake shake
them loose from the thinking that this is an app and into the coaching genre um i think that could help
um the matchmaking another angle that we talked about i talked about leela is that how to become
your own matchmaker um because i think people also some maybe see the value of a matchmaking service or
like the idea of somebody else kind of doing some initial vetting for you um and she kind of teaches
you how to do that yourself um yeah it sure feels like we need some clarity though about the um
about it not being about an app or or even um i think saying that it's not an app making that clear
but then also that this is perfectly complementary with an app and and there's a lot of what she
talks about that yeah you can very easily implement in um in in your strategy for responding to
to text back and forth and all that
yeah
yeah it's it's funny how how um
expectations and assumptions just get stuck in the head right yeah yeah and that's why i wonder um
i think i asked about this a long time ago the idea of you know the unique mechanism idea that's great
but i wonder if in certain circumstances when people aren't aware of what the problem is
if kind of a unique problem brand branding um could be the problem like with the p90x one
uh you know instead of talking about muscle confusion if they said something like the reason
why you're not getting stronger is because of your muscles outsmarting you you know and so they're like
so it's kind of the flip side of the unique mechanism unique mechanism is a solution if they
don't if they're not aware of what the problem is the unique mechanism potentially you know falls
flat and so if if there's a place in certain markets where the problem that they need to solve
they're not quite aware of what that is if more work needs to be put on clarifying the problem
before you offer a solution um how does that where does that kind of fit into the overall b5 scheme
yeah so that's part of the that's part of the objections that you overcome during the marketing
argument okay so if you're going to differentiate yourself how are you different right um and it it's
if if if it's if all you're going to talk about is the problem like identifying the problem then
that's not really a blog post you know i mean that's not really a campaign that's a blog post you
know that's a you're finding out about this problem that people have yeah and then when you're done now you
know but but if you but if you bake in the the promise in there you know here here's why i mean
this is what i'm kind of with the fashion fix here's why your pain isn't your neck is in pain
and it's something you've never heard of but but we're also trying to pack in and because we've
identified what the real cause is we can also figure out the solution so i i'm wondering if
maybe a more problem articulation lead you know if if that makes any sense of you have the app you
got thousands of men kind of potentially able to be connected with you have this and this and this
and that but you don't but and all and you're still failing here's why there's this whole other
realm you haven't considered yet and i have the solution for that problem yeah what you're talking
about is the lead man okay that's what you're talking about right now he's the the primary
promise or the the big outcome the big result or payoff that's what you in the headline that's what
you that what attracts them yeah and then you straighten them out in the lead get them excited about this
thing but um i think explaining the problem is not the place for the lead it's not the place for the
headline it's place for the marketing argument you still have to i mean if all you said was if if like
you're saying i mean people do this this is a good form of copywriting what you're talking about right
now peter you know you talk about a problem you really twist the knife in that problem and then you
offer solution right and that's certainly a way to do copywriting a lot of people do it the the e5
difference is that um if all you did was that then you know okay here's a solution thanks for this
possible solution i'm going to investigate more and find other solutions with an e5 campaign the the
the goal is to prove that your solution is superior to all of the other solutions and it's different
from all the other solutions yeah right so everything you're talking about you can still do in a campaign
yeah right that clarity that piece of clarity you're talking about that's the lead is a great place for
that i get you know because they're fresh they've read the promise in the headline then they get in
the lead and it's all about you know this is this is not an app this is not although apps it works great
with an app and um what this is and what this will do for you is better than anything else and it's
different and um get them excited about it and then you the rest of the thing is all about overcoming
objections and misconceptions and breaking old models and replacing them with new beliefs right
changing their belief system that's what the marketing argument does so i i think based on your
data it certainly seems clear that they are they've got a mental model in their head that they're just
stuck and i wonder if like all not just women but like humanity in the day of the smartphone right
humanity is that's just the way it is now that's the way people think that's the way their brain is
wired yeah you know what i'm saying and that's probably a big objection to overcome and i would hit it in
the lead and the marketing argument probably um why apps alone won't help you find mr right
why apps alone won't help you find mr right
because basically that's what i was saying that that's what they're saying this is how i try to find
mr right apps yeah and i would just i would hit it harder than that i'd say why the best
uh dating app in the world still may not help you find mr right and what you can do about it or
something like that actually it's why the best dating app in the world will either help you or not help
you find mr right well right because that that's her point it works great with an app but it's not
all about the app
it's i don't know if i'd i don't know if i'd put that in the headline about it might help you find mr
right i would say um it might not help you find mr right that's where i would put the emphasis
oh we're talking about headlines here i'm sorry yeah okay just disregard
yeah
so does that or something like this peter um uh shoot it's right on it's so close i hate that
but something i'm not going to get it right but something about how you can kind of pay you can use
the you can use any dating app and pair it with this process what's uh uh what are you calling it
the unique mechanism right now um well okay attractive vetting attractive vetting so pair
any dating app with attractive vetting to actually um uh to actually be able to find mr right and you
won't be able to you're not necessarily you see i'm not i'm not laying it out right but i think you
understand what i'm trying to say yeah so you're gonna want no no app in the world is going to
guarantee that you're going to find mr right but if you pair it with the attractive vetting
you're much more likely to get um find the guy you're looking for without dealing with all the
losers something like that i don't i didn't have it quite right but um we were toying with a
different unique mechanism named attraction alignment you like that any better i like the concept better
it's not easy to say attraction alignment attraction alignment i used to be a singles coach and speak on
um this topic and i wrote a lot of titles and i'll tell you the two hot sellers that i had a lot that
worked out but everybody wanted as soon as i would say the title everybody would just say i want that
so that that one was um how to be irresistibly attractive to the opposite sex now in today's
world that might get you banned from facebook you know discrimination but in any case irresistible
attraction i think is people like that and the other one that i use which i thought you might work in
is secrets of chemistry and attraction revealed and i like the idea of you know the secret to succeeding
with a dating app or even defining mr right um revealed and i also did a lot of using the word soulmate
because that that's not for heterosexual i mean it's heterosexual and homosexual so um
i can't the only reason the only reason mr right is more people use that in her in her forms than
use soulmate i'm just saying if you want to get people with other sexual orientations but um
i'm just saying that um
but i i would really worry about mentioning the app in the headline because there's so many other ways to
meet someone and somebody who's not looking through the app modality might just say oh well no i don't
care what they do on apps i'm never doing that uh yeah so you can thank you for pointing it out lisa
so it uh what i hear in my head is something like um using the best app in the world or using
the old school techniques uh you could still struggle to find your soulmate the um attraction
attraction alignment is possible or or uh finding that soulmate is possible when you
use attraction alignment or something like that or that could be a subtitle i remember now yeah that's
way too much but was your soulmate is waiting i always had subtitles like the secret to etc
so you don't even have to go with um i mean you can have i forgot what todd calls it as the sub
headline there's a name he used because you could have a group i always had a title and a subtitle to
clarify right the goal would be in the title and the modality would be in the um subtitle right
but i think irresistible attraction method formula whatever system i know from experience that
everybody wanted to be irresistibly attractive
i even have married people ask me to give that one i'm like well who do you want to be
irresistibly attractive to i wasn't too sure yeah there's quite a few products out there with
irresistible in it that's true
but there's a reason for that yeah unfortunately it doesn't have a good synonym i've looked in the
past it's hard to find a good synonym for irresistible the um the the what i've seen the
things that that go after this are a little bit more formulaic than what um my client talks about
um you know things like here's 101 dating or uh texting scripts to use and it's more kind of plug and
play and i i don't i'm not sure if they're going for genuine understanding and and self-development
her coming from the coaching standpoint she wants you know she wants self-development and growth and
in kind of a a more understanding way than than what i've seen this is just plug in the ones that i've
seen that are very plug and play kind of robotic things that i'm not anyway that was she she doesn't
want formulaic products she wants to genuinely kind of educate women to understand themselves and
understand men and um have a more conscious awareness of what they're doing and and why it
works i'm a coach too and i did not give tips and tricks gotcha okay you know i i also did another
one 50 ways to meet your lover these were all things people came out for so you can hurry love i
had so many titles but i think it's one of the greatest needs in the world today is for people to find
true love it's almost a no-fail proposition offering that to people
and would you have any concern so it sounds like that was was that in when were you doing this in
the context of online dating heyday no i did it i did it just when online dating started to come out
and honestly i had more work than i wanted i couldn't remember my clients names i was i had a following
but um i just felt like at a certain point it would people would be wanting to know all about my
personal life and i wasn't interested in revealing that and i switched over to corporate and teaching
people in the corporations how to have a coaching culture etc so um when it was just starting on the
online thing and people were wanting me to help them write their ads and mostly they wanted me to
exaggerate and lie i wasn't excited about that as a coach but there was a people there were people that
were moving into that space but i that is not the space i was in so i really worked on i never
literally talked about sex or anything like that or tips and tricks nothing of that nature many other
things and i actually did five matches myself that really happened i put people together but that is not
was not part of my business just something i had a feeling for so i really wouldn't be qualified to say
anything about how to succeed with apps being that that's when i dropped out of that world
okay
has this helped at all peter
i feel like i'm still waiting for my big eureka there's certainly something i can test but
so how would you um well it it feels like i i don't know what it seems like when you um based
on what i talked about paul with that you were um gonna look at your pricing or your offer um just
because based on the the numbers on your um lead and your your marketing argument however
from this from this discussion today it really feels like there needs to be a little clarity
yes
and and so i wonder if that would help conversions as well so um and the offer i mean when you say an
offer change is that just the framing of the offer or is that the actual deliverables it's either the
deliverables or the presentation yeah you know like for example if you just go on and on and on about
the um for deliverables then do people leave do they split before you reveal the price
you know um or it might not be the presentation at all it might be the actual deliverables themselves
seems like you had good deliverables though we we spent some time on that you have bonuses and you
have uh the i can't remember your risk reversal but 30 day money yeah so i i didn't i didn't have a
problem with your offer at all it seemed compared to your competitors it seemed superior um so
maybe it's just a presentation presentation of it um but like i said based on this discussion today
it feels like at least that 2.8 uh there's a high i mean not you had nine different um statements about
software or apps or something right there's that's like the most you got the most hits on that on that
topic on that particular concept dating apps dating apps online dating facebook dating
so cupid um catholic match.com so
maybe there there might be something there maybe clarity in the lead if not the headline but at least in
the lead about about this somehow
okay
all right and i i i have to i'm sorry i have to i'm gonna leave you with uh debbie it's her call um
but i have another i have another call i have to get to at 15 after okay all right so talk to you guys
later later okay see michael debbie i did have one um one more question sure so i um
i had tried a um i haven't ran this yet but i was working on a new in light of the app concern i
was working on a new lead and um
and when i showed it to uh paul he made it he interpreted it as as a bigger change than i
intended it and he made it seem like i'm actually um promising something new
or it was a new new promise so here's what it was um powerful secrets from old-fashioned dating
have been rediscovered for women in the modern world it's not about a new app there's enough
already it's not about tricks or manipulation yuck and it's not about anything that requires
you to change yourself or do things that make you feel fake it's about a new and completely
different holistic approach to being more yourself
reconnecting with yourself and then living in holistic alignment with that
self that lies within you so this is what i'm kind of saying is is the thing
and then um almost kind of as a as a wink wink joke i said all the all these relationship
benefits are are just side benefits of the inner alignment with yourself
whereas previously these were the these were the main benefits now i'm kind of calling them
side benefits of your of your um kind of inner health
um and so it was so he he made that he interpreted it as a very different promise so i've wondered what
you thought about this approach to handling the concerns you're talking about well i do trust paul's
instincts so let me um let me take another closer look at this i should say it may have also been
paired with i instead of saying an approach to finding men i called it a self development program
for women seeking relationships so um and that was again to try to distinguish it from an app
this is a self development program yeah self development program doesn't tell me what i really want which is
i want to i want to really i want a relationship okay
does that answer the question yeah so if let's say let's say that i dropped that out of the
out of the headline out of the traffic activation page does does this is this still um let me see
with the rest of that let me see it's not about a new app it's not a new tricks it's not about anything
you change yourself or do things that make you feel fake is that true that third third line there
yeah really you don't have to change yourself um the way that we we talk about is that you already are
attractive and it's a matter of kind of tapping into it so no it's not it's not like you know do
these weird new behaviors that aren't natural to you it's about uncovering aspects of yourself that
you've kind of forgotten about okay let me think about this
uncovering all right it's about a new completely different holistic approach to being more yourself
okay so that's what you were just telling me with deep attractive feminine layers within you that
have become buried remembering your pure desires that fuel your deepest dreams living in holistic
alignment with that deep true self that lies within you it's called attraction alignment um
benefits of this you improve your relationship with any man before you even meet him
you get losers and dead ends to automatically run the other way you quickly reveal who men really are so
you never have to guess you call out the best and high quality men and get them chasing you
you find you're perfectly matched mr right faster and easier with total confidence and peace so i like
some of those bullets a couple i feel like could be tweaked a little bit um like you improve your
relationship with any man before you even meet him that feels weird to me okay um
uh there's gotta be i understand what you're trying to say but how do i improve a relationship if i
haven't even met him yet so that's that's a disconnect for me
um uh let's see so the idea there is um
you're you're you're kind of well she talks about like what she calls energy feminine energy and
masculine energy and so by being more in alignment with your feminine energy it's kind of like you're
automatically like more aligned with masculine energy so it's like becoming you can kind of say
like becoming a stronger magnet you're changing your yeah yeah peter peter here's the problem though
you're having to explain it to me yes so you improve your relationship with any man before you even
meet him how about something more along the lines of you are ready when you meet the man who is
meant meant for you or something like that that feels more authentic you are ready to meet him that
feels more authentic to me than your relationship before you even meet him
so i'm just gonna i'm gonna let you think about that a little bit you get losers yeah it's more on
the side sorry god we can go to the next one yeah i was just gonna go on to the next bullet in the
time here because i gotta go pretty soon too um you get losers and dead ends to automatically run the
other way sorry yeah go ahead no i was just i'm trying to get it to be editable i'm not gonna move
anymore okay um sorry that's all right i know computers are weird
there we go so yeah that first bullet felt a little bit it just felt off somehow so i would
reword that you get losers and dead ends to automatically run the other way from you
yes i like that um you quickly reveal who men really are so i don't reveal who men
are i become intuitively aware of who they really are so i don't have to guess
um no it's it's well i'll just explain it not in a nice way you're you cause them to reveal
themselves you're doing things so that they reveal more about themselves than they would
otherwise oh okay we'll say that that's intriguing to me
you cause men to reveal who they really are
um
what about you quickly uncover or is this more intriguing
i think it's kind of more intriguing this way okay but i'm also trying to think of how to
frame it so that it it doesn't sound
um
to uh what's the word i'm looking for manipulative yeah i'm trying to think of you cause uh
yeah it does sound a little bit manipulative but it's still an intriguing idea so i might play with
that a little bit i'm not quite yeah i have to go in about three minutes here um you call out the
best and high quality men and get them chasing you yes i like that you find you're perfectly
matched mr right faster and easier with total confidence and peace yes i like that okay so those
bullets yeah just those two bullets were a little bit off for me um is there something else that you want
me to look at um it's the the framing is the side benefit is that is that is that clear that it's
kind of like wink wink i of course this is what we kind of are most after but yeah that's it's the
honestly i mean i'm i'm gonna i don't know your target market my guess is they actually want what's in
the bullets and they they're not as interested in reconnecting with deep attractive feminine layers
um i mean it's kind of maybe i shouldn't use a little bit more of this then because that's what
i'm getting at okay you should use their exact words because i'm not i would never talk about
getting in touch with my feminine layers use their exact words yeah if i could say i'm not sure
women are interested in this self-discovery process they may not go through it you know but
like if you just say something like stop the self-sacotaging behaviors that give it to get
kept love from your life sell them what they want to get deep self-discovery dog yeah sell them what
they want and then give them what they need exactly that's what i was gonna say i think women think they
do self-sacotaging things so that's as far as i think they would go in terms of introspection
like i'm probably doing something wrong and they probably are right and to find out what that is
very helpful but to go deep into themselves i never sold that as a coach no they did do it
they never they did go but they didn't i could never sell that no that's not what they want that's
what that's what i'm just saying like look at yourself in a fluorescent lit mirror and see your pimples
no thanks so but but was that a necessary step as you coached them in into getting what they wanted
all of them went into a deep discovery process but i couldn't sell that yeah right same with i'm a
speechwriter now and they all go into self-discovery deep i do not sell that because nobody would agree
to it right they don't want that they want they want the quick fix always always always always and
they don't even want to meet themselves they're running away from themselves no always so people think
there's something deep inside that is probably unappealing and they don't want to find out
more what about discover discover your worth sort of angle no me and deborah agree nobody did anybody
or anything except anybody where he is did anybody talk about discovering their worth in your survey
uh they talk about raising standards which to me is the same thing but maybe it's no it's not what
they said that's not what they said they said raising standards for the men
that's not about self-discovery of their own worth
settle for less so you're saying this don't even talk about this at all besides the self-sabotation
behaviors i could never sell it i'm a coach for like 15 years i don't sell discovery i sell results
so yeah listen to lisa on this one i'm in total agreement i'm selling the outcome i'm not selling
how to get there if it's something people don't want to do most people say hey do you want to go in
a deep self-discovery process no do you want to find a great lover yes that's pretty simple
does that help peter yep yeah that's great okay okay you're getting close you're working on this
i appreciate that and lisa i appreciate your input especially since you have all those years of
experience within basically the same niche um and it's a fertile field to make a pun
yeah yeah yeah okay well um it's been great talking with all of you and i hope that you all
have a good rest of your day and peter come back fix up a couple things come back we're gonna we're
gonna get this nailed for you okay great thanks all right you guys have a great day we'll talk to you
soon thank you okay bye bye
