---
title: "Foundations  2022-02-14 08:00:17"
date: 2022-02-14
duration: 12m
duration_seconds: 741
vimeo_id: 677084859
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations  2022-02-14 08:00:17

**Date:** 2022-02-14 | **Duration:** 12m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. I'm sorry, I forgot. I usually turn, when nobody shows up, I turn the recording off. And so this whole time we've been talking, I've been recording. So do you want me to repeat anything or for the recording?

Okay, yeah, this is, this is good, man. Can you check the Ruiz Reversal? Say that again? The Ruiz Reversal statement. Okay.

Eternal narrative. Eternal narrative guarantee. This is guarantee for life. If, with compound narration, your subscribers don't perceive your digital products different and unique. Or if you don't find the formula to fulfill engagement.

Or your subscribers don't understand how your products are going to change. Or whatever. You can ask for your money back whenever you want. That will give you your money back. The only thing I ask in return is you show me the reviews.

Okay. The thing is, if you show me that you are using my methods in your business and you don't have results, I'll give you your money back. Okay. Okay. Yeah.

So, yeah, this is fine. I've seen this before. I would say that I would recommend you also have an unconditional 30 day guarantee or something like that. Two warranties. It's like only with.

Yeah. Yeah. So, like, if you. Anytime in the next 30 days. If you.

Even if you don't like the way I talk. I'll give you your money back. And, but. Listen, if you can actually use this stuff. You know.

Lifetime. If they either. You either get the results or. I just show me that you've used it. That you've tried it.

And I'll give you the money back. So I would say have a conditional and an unconditional. Okay. Because. I think.

I mean, I don't know what it's like in Spain. But in the United States. The Federal Trade Commission. I think requires that you have at least 30 days. In Europe.

It's not the same in Spain. In Europe. In Europe. The European Union. I think that for digital product.

You have. 14 days. It's like. 14 days. Yeah.

So you have to give them at least a 14 day conditional care. Unconditional care. I can put. I can put 30. But the thing is.

There is. There is a big mess with this one. Because with digital products. Uh. You have.

If you are. 100% legal. You have to open your course. At the beginning. People.

Uh. Can be. Can see. The whole course. And after.

Take a decision. You don't. You don't have to like. Okay. The first.

The first week. I open only one. One module. And the next week. Because you.

For. Take a decision. You. For. Take a decision.

You have to. To open. The whole course. And they. They can.

So they can. Decise. Only. In the. In the first two.

Two weeks. Is there. In Spain. In Spain. Or in.

In the whole. Europe. I think. Yeah. I agree with you.

I put. Unconditional. Okay. Um. All right.

Okay. Yeah. This is fine. I love. Lifetime.

Guarantees. I mean. I. You know. That.

That's a. That's a great guarantee. That's a great. And they're going to forget about it. In a few months anyway.

But. I would say. Um. Most of the time. I see one year.

Like. Even a year. Is a lot of time. You know what I mean? Even one year is.

Because. In a year. A year. A year from now. Um.

They're either still using this. They're still using your program. Or they've forgotten about it. You know. Both.

In my. In my. In my experience. I put. A kind of.

This. This. This warranty. In. In some products.

And. People never ask. Ask me for other phone. Right. Right.

If they do. So what? It's. It's. Only a thing for.

Get the people more. Calm. More. More secure. More.

With a. Okay. I will work. I will work in the script. On.

On the offer. And after. It's like. The argument. And everything is.

I mean. Well. You got to do your. Got to write your lead. Ah.

The lead. First the lead. No. After the offer. The lead.

No. Yeah. That's what I do. Um. But I.

Once I have the offer. Then I. Um. Hopefully. By now.

I have. An idea. You know. But. Because.

I'm constantly. Thinking of ideas. And. I know that. Okay.

Once my offer. I get my offer. Really good. Then I think. Okay.

It's big idea time. Um. Remember that. We work. On the big idea.

We have a big idea. Yeah. I know. I'm just saying. That that's where.

That's. That's where. That's where I have to. I need it. I need it to buy then.

You know. Because. I got to write a lead. And. I need to know.

What my. My idea was. By then. So. I would say.

Uh. That's next. Your lead. Leads next. Lead and headline.

And the headline. Okay. The headline. For putting in. In the.

In the ads. So in. In USA. People are still. Using Facebook ads.

No. Because your market. Is like. Two years. About two.

Two years before. And people. Here in Spain. Is start to. To.

To be a bit. Scared. About the. Cost. In Facebook.

On Instagram. About the cost. Of the leads. You know. For me.

For me. It's because. One of the. Of the problem. Here in Spain.

Is people. Don't have. Like a. Front end. Offer.

You know. And. And. Some people. Have front end.

Offers. Yes. Some people. Yes. Yeah.

Also. Most of the people. Know. Because most of the people. Are selling.

High ticket. High ticket. Oh. Okay. That's fine.

Yeah. I get that. So. They have to. Pay the.

The ads. And the profit. And the team. With the same. This is the thing.

That. Some people. Start thinking. To create. The whole funnel.

In Facebook. Do you think. That this one. Is a good idea? How would that look?

How does that work? You put the whole. Sales page. In an ad. Or.

Yeah. Imagine. In my mind. They put an ad. The ad.

Go to a Facebook. Facebook group. Something like that. And the Facebook group. You put.

Imagine. In the PLF. You put. There's a guy. I know.

Of. His name is. Keith Krantz. And he has a system. That's.

Similar. He. He starts off. With. Creating an ad.

It almost looks like a. Like a. An E5 campaign. And he puts the whole thing in an ad. Right.

Either video. Or long form. And. Then. Once he has that written.

Then. He'll start with. Small. Like engagement ads. To.

To build. Not to build a list. But to build an audience around. Right. And then.

Whoever. Is. Showing interest. Or they watch the video for. A few seconds.

Or whatever. Then he'll retarget them. To his. Main. Ad.

You know. So. He'll. He'll like use. He'll like build audiences.

Successively. In. In Facebook. And then once they've. Seen.

A few things. Then they'll go to the. The. The E5. Kind of bad.

Right. Does that make sense. And after this one. They. They put the ads.

In. In the. In a. In an email list. No.

They. They. He asked for the email. No. No.

No. He didn't even ask for an email. Okay. This is good. He'll.

He'll have. He'll have. He'll have. He'll have. They'll have several ads.

And all there will be is just like information ads. Content. At ads. Right. Just.

But if people show interest. He'll build an audience from them. And then he'll send those people. To his long. Ad.

Right. The. The one with the big campaign in it. And that's the one that he uses to collect. Email.

And actually. He'll actually send people to another page. Outside of Facebook, but. That's how he. That's how he.

That's how he does. He. He uses custom audiences. And builds audiences instead of lists. At first.

Because it's cheaper. And. I don't know. So. Okay.

And what. What do you think for. For. What are your. In.

You say people are doing for. For. The. Raising of the. Of.

Of. Is. To. To get. In the funnel.

In the funnel. In the funnel. In the funnel. I guess. That's.

That's. That's my understanding. But. I could have it wrong. I mean that.

I don't. That's not what I do. You know. That's not what we do. But.

I'm just aware of him from like last year. I followed some of his stuff because I'm constantly. Looking at. The market. You know.

What. What's going on. And so. That's just. That's.

What he's doing. And. It sounds like. It sounds like it might be what you're talking about. Some of those people in Spain are doing.

But. I don't know. Okay. I will work in the lead. And.

In the offer. And. I think that. Maybe. This week.

I will. I will finish the lead. Okay. Cool. I can't wait to see it.

Yes. I want to finish. And lunch. Again. So.

Thank you Michael. And. You're welcome brother. Talk to you soon. Kisses.

Ones. Bye. Bye. By. Once.

Star熱. All right. To learn. video path. To learn.

And. All right. Bye. Pushes in.
