---
title: "Foundations 2021-09-20 15:59:00"
date: 2021-09-20
duration: 1h 49m
duration_seconds: 6549
vimeo_id: 610032224
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations 2021-09-20 15:59:00

**Date:** 2021-09-20 | **Duration:** 1h 49m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

So you can see on the left, there's the opt-in page, the lead. So the lead, the magic wall, the awake and feminine, and the offer, those are now four pages that used to be a single long page. So we can at least see who goes to the next one. So 120 in, 118, and then 42 opted in. So that's about, you know, the good 30% to 40% rate that I've been having recently.

So I'm happy with that. After the lead, 80% click to go to the next page. After the next page, which is kind of that practical, kind of the nitty gritty of the approach, 52 clicked on. And then we'd have the more of the inner stuff and the kind of inner psychology is the next one. And then 83, after that, click to the offer.

And then one out of 15 clicked to the checkout page. So I don't know, kind of, how to assess this. So that's what I wanted to talk about at this point. Yeah, this is cool. This is pretty revealing.

That 52%, 53%. And that seems kind of low. And that was a pretty long page, wasn't it? It still is long, yeah. Yeah.

Yeah, even though it's a part of it. Yeah, did you happen to look at any of the individual recordings? I just looked at all the recordings of the offer page. And everybody's looking, you know, probably 11 out of 15 read it pretty much line by line. And then they dropped off kind of two-thirds of the way down the page on average, I'd say.

But I did not look at the recordings of the Magic Wall page. Okay. All right. Just curious. Yep.

Yeah. So it looks like your lead's pretty good. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, that's kind of what you had said.

80% is a decent benchmark. Man, that's better than I've seen. That's really good. That's pretty high for the lead. I usually see around 60 or so when I do this multiple page thing.

Okay. But, I mean, it kind of conforms to, like, a lot of those. If you, like, some of those, like, the video engagement graphs I've shown you before, about how it dips down. And about 80% of the people have seen the lead just kind of conforms to that. So, 83, 83.

Yeah. So, what would you say this tells you? I mean, it's still zero conversions. I mean, it's still zero sales, right? Well, then the thing that just, it just, there may have been a tech problem on that checkout page.

I was looking at it. It seemed like when I updated the page, the formatting was screwed up. So, my plan with that, just as an experiment, you can let me know what you think. Like, I know who it is, and I was thinking of sending an email, having Lila send her an email apologizing for some tech problems and offering a $50 discount if she still wants to check out. But she was going up and down.

I think just somehow when I updated the page, it didn't take right, and the margins were off, and the forms was weird, and it just looked crappy. Oh, okay. So, it did look like she was kind of going up and down looking around for where do I put in my credit card info, and it, like, wasn't showing up. So, there may have been a conversion. Yeah.

So, what would you say it, so was that, was that on laptop or mobile that it was looking bad like that? Mobile. Yeah. Which is probably most of your clients, right? Most of your prospects.

Well, but it was only that one page. It was only the checkout page that was a problem. So, it was only her that experienced the problem. Yeah, that magic wall and vetting page, maybe that's just too long. Okay.

That's what I'm wondering. I mean, or maybe the message is not good. Maybe the message is not compelling enough to keep them on it. Yeah, the vetting, I think if I, maybe, because there's that idea of the, you're the director of your film and you're looking for auditions. I think I could maybe, maybe just stick with that metaphor and not translate it down into the kind of nitty gritty, because I think it may get bogged down at that point.

Um, so I, I could, and there is a natural break there. I could have those as two separate pages, but I think to me, the vetting is kind of boring. And, uh, so maybe that is, that is the bottleneck. Yeah. Would you say that the, the, is that, is that metaphor in the lead page as well on the lead?

Uh, no, no, the audition thing. I've mentioned it in the magic wall part earlier on. Is it in the headline? No, it's not. It's not in the headline.

No. Okay. All right. That's okay. Then it doesn't need to be in the lead.

Um, you're just using it as, as a metaphor to keep things clear and to, um, take a complex idea and make it easier to understand. Right. Yeah. It's to reveal this, this, there's two different attitudes. One is he's the, he's the prize and I'm looking for a place in his life.

She says, Nope, you're the prize. And he's looking for a place in your life. So it's like, who's, who's doing, who's doing the auditioning and who's doing the choosing, um, that, the,
that's to, to flip that around. Got it. Yeah.

So I, I would say probably this, this is probably, this is more, this is better in my mind. I mean, I would look at, I would look at like, go to this magic wall and vetting page. And if you can look at the, the videos on that. Yeah. But I would say, I would say this is a really good, um, I think this is better information
than a, than a heat map.

Yeah. I mean, how do you feel about it? It, I would have to look at that. What, what I like is that it's certain. Um, so that's, that's what I, that's, what's the most reassuring to me is that there's, there's
physical actions going on here that, that aren't able to be mistaken and misinterpreted
by, by, uh, these algorithms for heat maps.

Yeah. Yeah, exactly. And another thing is that, that like this 80%, um, that's, that's still pretty good. I would say that, I mean, with the shorter, the shorter pages, they tend to be higher,
you know, like in, uh, old school, new body, whatever, um, when they're that short, it's
like, people just stay in the, they it's short, you know, it's almost like a micro commitment. Yes.

You know, um, read this page and you could almost, if the headline is done correctly
or the sub, I guess you could call it subhead, but it's kind of the headline of that one page. Right. Is, is so it almost captures everything that's on the page anyway. Like, even if all they read was the subhead and accepted it as truth and then click next
page, then, um, that would still, that would still be, um, it would still be a higher conversion. I think then, then it's 80% is still pretty good, but you see what I was talking about,
right?

It's not like it's like 20% or, or whatever, even though you think next page, um, 80% is
pretty high. This 52%, man, that tells me that, um, maybe it's boring. Maybe you just got boring. Maybe that technical part that you're talking about just got, um, if you could make it as
sweet as that new lead of yours, the, the awakened femininity, I think that that page is equivalent
length to the magic wall page. So it's not, I don't think it's just a length issue.

Yeah. Yeah. I would agree. I mean, the whole purpose of this education-based marketing is that if they're clicking, read
more at the bottom of the lead, it should probably stay 80% because they're interested in, in
your unique mechanism, attractive vetting. Yeah.

Right. And you must've lost them on that page. And then of course the offer only 15 people have seen it, but if you got that up to 80,
then that would mean, um, I don't know, at least 20 or more would have seen the offer. And if people, the other funny thing is like, it may, the whole vetting thing may be a problem
that they're not at yet. Cause the whole idea of vetting is like, you have multiple men that you have an interest
in, that have an interest in you and you're trying to figure out what to do.

If they're not at that stage yet, they don't need this. Um, so it may be a, you know, a problem that they're going to experience later on. Um, so I can maybe say a brief bit about it, but it may actually, it may work even better
to completely drop it. Well, then you're, then what you're talking about is, um,
um, so you're talking about different mechanism altogether for achieving their,
it's there, but it would just be backgrounded because it's part of a, it's part, I mean,
I guess this potentially would be an argument for making magic wall, the mechanism, um, and,
and kind of not talking about the vetting side of it because it's a problem that they
don't have yet. Well, what would, what would you call magic wall?

If magic wall, or you just keep that as the, um, uh, there may be, uh, maybe that's not quite
unique mechanism enough, but, um,
but that would be the mechanism, whatever, whatever is comprised or built into magic wall,
which you described magic wall. Yeah. Then in that case, the whole campaign needs to be about magic wall. But I don't think the lead would change actually, because I don't really talk about the vetting
part of it in the lead. Uh, no, actually you don't.

Um, you talk about being the, um, the mosquito light, the attractive, you know,
that zaps all the losers. And, but maybe, maybe just having it be just focus on the, the kind of easily to understand
pleasant, um, image of the, of the director, um, letting people audition for you, um, and not
getting into this kind of date by date process. And some of the, I think there may be some getting bogged down in that stuff. Yeah. Clarity always wins, man.

And then, um, the other thing, just because the, the offer drop-off is pretty, pretty hard
to, um, um, price, maybe I could do another price test on that. Um, one thing is I, I did that there's a, that potentially put the offer, um, sorry, the
checkout button and the price above the bonus. Paul had suggested that before, um, because then the bonus seems like it's more of a bonus
when it's after, after the price. Um, some of that, or that that's one thing, the order that I lay out, the offer is still
based on my previous order. So the, the vet, the magic wall and vetting stuff is second and the femininity stuff is
first.

So maybe people are not seeing that initial interest of, of, uh, they're not getting up
front the exciting stuff of the magic wall. So, uh, an offer. Yeah. So if it's, if it's magic wall, that's going to be your mechanism, then the offer is all
about delivering magic wall. Mm-hmm.

And I'm not, I'm not going quite that far yet. It would just be leaving out the boring part of the vetting. Okay. Then if it's, if it's attractive vetting, that is the mechanism. Then the offer should be all about attractive vetting.

Yeah. I just worked with, um, a couple of guys that have a Spanish learn how to speak Spanish
program. Mm-hmm. Uh, you know, James Archer. I don't know if you've heard him talk about it.

Yeah. Yeah. Steve. So I just together, we worked on their sin offer and I cut it down to like a fifth of what
it was before in length. Well, I got, you mean they're off, they're offering less, Mike, Mike.

No, no, no. The same offer except the, thank you, Debbie. Yes. The presentation is less. So, um, yeah, I'm glad you mentioned that because they were doing a lot of explaining
still, even in the, even in the, um, sin offer portion.

Okay. And I just wanted to get, you know, as far as a DFW BP that you talk about with each deliverable,
I knocked everything down to like sentences except for the benefit part. And it's like a fifth, a fifth of what it was before they, they haven't tested that yet,
but they were having the problem kind of like you, where people were getting to the offer
and just bailing. Yeah. And I, we really felt that his offer was pretty good, but, um, maybe it was a presentation.

Okay. Um, so, and then, you know, like, like John was saying, there's so much to a great offer,
you know, there's a risk reversal and there's a bonuses and there's a scarcity and urgency
and all of that stuff together really makes, makes for a great offer. Right. And, um, but if they're not buying the offer, I'm wondering, are you offering enough or are
you, is it enticing enough? Is it compelling enough?

Is it interesting enough? Are there enough components? It's clearly everything's going really well up till the offer. She's, she's offering coaching as well, right? Not in the, not in this offer.

I don't know. Group coaching. Okay. Nope. That we're thinking about that for episodes later on or.

Okay. The extension stuff. This is all digital. Yeah. I'm wondering if there's something else that you can throw in that makes it, you know,
even more compelling.

I don't know. Cause I haven't seen it. I'm just. Yeah. My sense is it's not an issue of not being enough.

There's a lot. Um, but it might just not be. Maybe I need to emphasize like immediate usefulness a bit more like what you'll do tomorrow, what
you'll do your next date and make it a little bit more. Go back, go back to prospects. What do they want?

Are you really, are you really giving them what they want in this offer? Yeah. I mean, what the, the ultimate root of, of our concept here comes from a free discovery
call bookings that, that she has from people on Twitter and how to find my Mr. Right is
the kind of basic phrase. Yeah.

And that's a process and you can't say like to find tomorrow, but what can you, what can
you promise tomorrow? Um, I don't think I thought clearly, or I didn't have that as a focus in the offer presentation
of immediacy. And, um, so maybe another pass through that with that, that in there would help. You know, something else that happened when I was talking to the archers, archer brothers,
as we were going through their offer, I realized that, um, and something they said triggered
it, but they never, um, there was a gap question that they were missing that was really, really
important. And that gap question was, um, what if I can't think of something to say, you know what I
mean?

So a part, as part of the offer, I said, Hey, you know what, we got to just add that in
here, um, as part of the offer that you don't even have to think of things to talk about. We'll tell you what to say and what to talk about. Okay. Right. And I was saying you need to go add that into the marketing argument as well, because that's
another objection.

And maybe there's something we missed. You know what I mean? And because I don't know how many times I looked at their, looked at their campaign and I
didn't, I didn't think of that, but, um, it was today I thought of it and it's been
like almost a year since we've been hacking away at his thing, but it just, sometimes
have you gotten feedback on that then, or is it still, no, they, they still haven't
they're, they're going to run it, um, uh, over the next few days and get back with me
on Thursday or whatever and find out, um, if that, you know, uh, we're making, we made
their offer shorter and we added an extra, um, benefit, an extra feature that they don't
have to, you know, we'll tell you what to talk about sort of thing. So, um, maybe, maybe there's an objection that we haven't overcome, you know, uh, and
I don't know that that's the case, but that's, um, there's so many moving pieces, maybe some
sort of a summary statement, uh, at the top of the offer, like we've looked at this and
this, and this just try to try to try to put it in a nutshell. And, and then, cause the other, yeah, the other thing I thought of is we haven't, um,
kind of defined, predefined what a solution to their problems looks like.

We've just launched into all these, this information, but maybe there's a disconnect
on, I want to find my Mr. Right. Here's the, don't you do that with your benefit statements, but it may be just to spread out. Um, and it, it may be, um, just kind of a big picture overview to reorient, orient themselves
on, okay, here's the reason why you're here is to find Mr. Right.

Um, here's the problems that you're facing and here's how, like specifically to connect
in a short, like paragraph way, how these components, the components of attractive vetting
solve that problem. And then just kind of a regroup is what I'm thinking. Yeah. There's something we, in Todd's, um, segue, sent offer segue, you know, between the marketing
argument and the, um, sent offer, he, he has words, he, he does that, you know, basically
he says now that you understand how great attractive vetting is, um, and how, and what
you just said, that summary, how that blah, blah, blah enables you to primary promise. Right.

This, this, and this enables you to primary promise. Then, um, let me tell you, let me tell you about this offer I have. Yeah, I do have that. So maybe that would be the appropriate place for what you're talking about right now. That nutshell, you know, now that you understand X and X is what you're talking about this next
nutshell.

Well, just a thought. Yeah. Okay. So rework the magical vetting page a bit, maybe split it into two and then, um, offer immediate
benefits at a bit more immediate benefits. And, um, what's that?

Yeah. Um, and of course I don't remember what your benefit statements are, but as long as they're,
you know, visual and, and not visual so much as, as they're able to visualize themselves
in that, with that, um, benefit that's, uh, you know, dimensionalized kind of thing. Yep. That's, that's helpful. Okay.

Um, okay. So, but overall, uh, it seems like this is at least a step in the right direction. Even as we work on the VSL, the multi pages is, um, providing value. Yeah. I like that for, let me tell you for a, a text, um, page 80% from the lead to the next page.

That's the highest I've seen that I've worked with personally. Now, of course, John, you know what he thinks? He doesn't like these. He doesn't like these multi-page things. Yeah.

Unless it, unless it's a story. Right. But I mean, I've used them and I typically see 60, 70% ish going to page two and then
90, 90 something throughout until the offer page. And then it drops down quite a bit. What sort of offer to check out benchmark would you, you know, have you seen?

Oh man, I, I, I, I, I would be making that up if I told you, I'm sorry. I can try to dig up some numbers and get back with you, but it's been a while since I've
done one of these. I would have to figure it out, have to look it up, but at least John, John's, John was
concerned that we'd just have a huge drop-off right away. Is that what he was afraid of happening? Uh, no, he was saying that these only work if it's a story, but the work he means is that
people click onto the next page.

Yeah. Click onto the next page and that they go through and, and et cetera. That, that, yeah. Okay. So we don't seem to be having that problem at least.

No. Okay. But it's cool that we can focus on one, one piece of your marketing argument, right? Because awaken femininity, that page seems to be doing great. Right.

Yeah. I'm actually surprised at that. Yeah. Okie dokie. Yeah.

Well, think about it that they want it. They want attractive vetting so, so much that they were willing to push themselves through
the most boring page in order to get to the, you know what I mean? So they're committed. They're really committed by the time that they get awakened femininity. Yeah.

But isn't that, isn't that Andre? Chaperone? Chaperone. Yeah. That's his whole, he, he puts people through all these pages and he figures by the time
they get to the end, they're, they're good, solid.

Exhausted. Yeah. The difference is though, that Andre uses. He has a story. Yeah.

He has a soft, very soft offer at the end. It's almost like a casual, you know, just like a link buried in the text somewhere, you
know, this is something you want help with click here and whatever. And then it goes on, which is not what we're doing. Right. But, all right, cool, man.

Okay. Thanks. All right. Hey, Annette, what time do you get it? You got to take off, Debbie.

Is that? In about two minutes. Hello. Hi, Annette. Hi.

Hi, Michael and Debbie. Oh, listen, I got what you sent. Great job. Really? Oh, yeah.

Great job. Oh, my gosh. Being conversational and you get, you're getting the hang of this so well. Let me show you. Debbie, you're going to have to leave?

Yes, for a little bit and then I'll be back. Oh, okay. Because if this is a great job, I want you to experience it, too. I want to experience it. I'll try to, I'll try to cram as much as I can in the next two minutes.

You both. So, all of this is good. And then you see what I did here, as I said. Debbie, this is our inside joke. Okay.

Look at the big, bold letters. Don't change any of it. Got it. Okay, so, so you're being very, so how will I know that ask pre-setting works? Yes.

And you were having some great stuff that was kind of conversational and all of that. The only thing I added here was an actual claim. Oh, once you start. A claim statement, right? Like, how do I know ask pre-setting works?

The truth is, once you start using ask pre-setting, you will see signs that it's working almost immediately or right away. Oh, I see. I forgot to add it. Uh-huh. Yeah, um, yeah, soon, working within 10 days or within a day or two.

Well, I didn't do such a great job. I mean, that's the biggest thing. Yeah, so, yeah, so all I did was I added this. Okay. And then you're saying you're sleeping like a baby through the night.

Um, you were, you say you're sleeping. I said you sleep. Okay. You know, I'm keeping everything present tense. I got rid of your, your, um, your, your, are, you know, the four form of the verb to be got rid of that.

Okay. Your rash is not so ishy. I like to say you and then. You stop scratching. You stop scratching the rash.

That's fading away. I mean, these are just, and even these, we might have to massage a bit because I just wanted to re. Okay. You're not so nervous when the caller ID flashes on your thing. You see a mom's ID.

You see a mom saying you're in color ID and feel calm, maybe even a little excited to hear from her. Oh, that's great. So all that, this is like really good job. I mean, we could probably clean this up. You know what I mean?

And make it, um, yeah. You, you go in, you go into a great benefit here. Now this one here, I could, yeah, this one here. Do you love your mom unconditionally or are you in competition? Now, what I could not remember for the life of me was what are they talking about?

What is the, what is the objection? You know what I mean? Why are they asking that? Um, oh, you mean you want, you're asking me that now. Yeah.

Um, the objection is that somebody is babbling on and on and on or blabbering. They just won't let the other person speak because they're dominating the floor. And so, well, wait a minute, is that, is that what, is that what you think it is? Or is that what they said it was when they told you this? When, when, when, uh, well, let me see.

I went back to my notes because Adita was saying somebody was, Kevin was saying that or Adita was
saying that about, um, the fact that are you, are you in competition with your mother or something
like that? So, um, let me see what I have group focus. So it doesn't involve manipulation. Are you at war with her in competition? Is it worth saving this problem?

It was after someone said, do you love your mother or are you at war with her? Is it a, is it a competition with her? So is it worth saving this problem? Are there any gentle feelings for her? Do you have peace with her?

Okay. So now, okay. So now here's what I'm, here's what I'm, now I'm going to go back to my thesis statement. Okay. Right.

I'm just going to go back to your thesis statement, which is the most effective way to
stop walking on eggshells around your mom. And as little as 10 days is with ask pre-setting. So why does this, what does this have to do with that thesis statement? Um, only that it, when you have a mom who's competitive with you and you don't want to get
into a conversation, you do start walking on eggshells. As soon as you see her in the kitchen, you start cringing, you start walking on eggshells.

You just don't want to even say good morning because then she's going to just rattle on and
go on and on in the same subject and the same, this and the same, the money's you, you, you,
you forgot about, you know, the rainy day, et cetera, et cetera. So you're going to say, I don't want to talk to her. And so I, I, I'm walking on eggshells because I'm going to bump into her in the kitchen and
she's just going to start jabbering away and she won't let me get any, she sucks the air
out of the room. Yeah. So we've already talked about that.

Okay. Up here. Have you met my mom? She disagrees and cuts me off and won't listen. It's her way or the highway.

She mentally capable or functional. Will she feel manipulated or offended? Yes. And that's, we've already talked about that. That's why I wanted to make sure we're not saying the same thing twice because we don't
want to do that.

Okay. And if that's the case, then the good news is we can just completely delete this whole
thing. Oh, great. And chop it off. Yeah.

We can just chop it off because you've already said all this. Okay. Right. So you missed the veggies again, blah, blah, blah. Did you think I wrote it?

Okay. Oh, yeah. I'm also looking at the style. I'm trying to adopt a new style. Right.

And I have to be conversational. Well, you see, what's the claim? Oh, I see. Yeah. What is your claim here?

I didn't put the claim in. What would you say it is? What is the claim? If you had to make a claim about this gap question, what would it be? So if I had to make a claim around that is when you're with your mom, you won't feel
like a little girl again.

That's what I thought the claim might be. It says when you talk to your mom, you won't, you'll feel like a little girl all over again. So something related to the fact that she's treating you. Your mom won't treat you like a child any longer and she'll treat you as an equal, something
like that. Some kind of claim like that.

And I get that. So that is kind of a benefit. And we've kind of stated that before. This, the claims have to be about ask pre-setting, not about you, not about your mom. Remember?

Okay. So the ask pre-setting is a unique mechanism. So now the claim is into when you notice your mom. So I'll start you here. Thanks to ask pre-setting.

This is really hard because claims and benefits are in one soup for me. So thanks to E. Now, again, this is about, as you just said, this is about getting in a word edgewise with
your mom, right? That's what this is about. So thanks to ask pre-setting though.

Now finish that statement for me. Thanks to ask pre-setting. Oh, thanks to ask pre-setting. You'll notice that your mom needs to dominate the conversation because she fears that she
would lose control or something like that. Or she fears that you're going to usurp her.

Yeah. But ask pre-setting fixes things, right? Yeah. So, okay. So ask pre-setting.

And so you notice that. So then you can ask her the question, would it be okay if, because I really want to hear
from you, would it be okay if I had a chance to talk as well? So that would be the question, the NAP that you would ask her instead of saying, stop controlling
this, stop controlling our conversation and telling me what to do all the time. So now the new question from you as part of my NAP process is, would it be okay if I had a chance
to say something too? Because you've noticed that she takes off, you know, she dominates the conversation.

You practice several sentences. And then when you actually ask her, just say, mom, all that you're saying is very valuable. May I have a chance to say something too? So I guess you could say, I would ask pre-setting, you have a, you lay out a level playing field
or you give new rules to the way you're going to converse. I know some people where they get their cell phones out and they say, okay, one minute,
each person gets one minute, bing, one minute, bing, one minute, bing.

It's like a chess clock, right? Yes, a chess. Oh, I'm going to get some people a chess clock for a gift. Yeah, there you go. Oh, I love that.

You're a genius. That's great. I'm going to put that down. Actually, that's not a chess clock. That's not what a chess clock, a chess clock is a countdown.

And then when one side runs out before the other, you're the loser. So it's not a chess clock, what we're talking about. So nevermind. You want two timers is what you want. Two timers.

Okay. Yeah. But I love that because that could be my first product. I might sell that more than the course. Oh, oh yes.

An actual chess clock, except it like you. Let me show you one I have. Can you show it to me? Because I have to tell you the truth. I've used it with my husband.

Two cell phones. We go 30 seconds, 30 seconds. And then pretty soon, he says, you can have 20 of my seconds. I'm done. Okay, so I'll show you what a chess clock looks like.

And this is not what you need. But let's see. I see them. I see them when they're going tick. And then they make their move.

And then. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. So that's. Yeah.

But that's not what you want. You're playing chess, Michael? Yeah, I do every day with my wife. Wow. So are you able to see this?

Let me see. Yes, I see it. Okay. So let me start it. Okay.

See how one side's counting down? Yes. If I touch, if I touch that side, it stops. And the other side starts counting down. Oh.

And then I tap that side. And when you're done with your move. And then the other person. And then the other starts counting down. So this wouldn't work for you because.

Yes, it would. You want each person to have the same amount of time. But it starts with 457, right? Yeah. But if it gets to, if all five minutes goes by, then the clock just stops and that person
loses the game.

It doesn't give the person any time. So this wouldn't work. However, you could have. I think it would work. You could have something that looks.

No, it's not going to work. Trust me. It won't work. Okay. You could have something that looks like this and they could each, you know, they could
each talk.

And when their time is up, then the other person, then they could tap it or something. Then the other person. That's what I love. I tell you, this is the truth. We use this.

And I did see that chess clock on the, in other words, we use the stopwatch. And as soon as it comes to the one minute, or then we can also use the other thing where
you set it for one minute or 30 seconds. And then boom, when it rings, then the other person's, the person stops and the other person
does that. But it's the way to train. That's got to be such an, that's got to be such an easy app to create.

I'd have to think that it's just a countdown timer, both people, you know, everybody, both
set up for five minutes. Each person gets five minutes to talk and you take turns like that. Yes. But I love that. So it counteracts the shout down.

So let's get back to this claim here. Okay. If you, if you wanted to make a claim about this, you said, thanks to ask presetting, you
get as much time for talking as your mom or your mom doesn't, or you, you, you, what
you something. Yeah. Okay.

So thanks to ask presetting you. You, you have a fair share of time to talk to her and you won't. Yeah. And though I don't say something like you won't cringe again, right. Or you have a fair share and you won't feel.

Well, this is, this is kind of rough. I would probably say this a little differently. I'm not sure how I would say it, but now you see that you've made this claim. Yeah. Look at this.

I've just made this claim about this gap question, right? Okay. Now, all of this stuff has to be about that, about this claim. Yeah. And now it isn't, but that's okay.

Cause I like what you've done, but you see now if you have, this is something to guide
you. You can rewrite this stuff so that it does. Now, as it turns out, we don't need this chunk anyway, because like I said, up here,
we already have one. Yes, we did talk about that up there, but I like the exercise you're doing because now
Michael, since you did that marathon sessions with me, I'm now looking at the way I'm writing
and I realized I'm cutting some things out when it has nothing to do with the claim. Yeah.

Good for you. Good for you. Good for you. You know, and it took a long time to even get to that point. Yeah.

So I really appreciate that. Yeah. You're welcome. That's just what. Yes.

And it's a, it's a learning process. You're not only doing that. Okay. This is, this is why it makes it so hard. Like this, we'll take this claim, this particular chunk right here.

Yes. All right. The, the, the gap question is how will I know that ask presetting is working or that
it works. Right. All right.

So now I need a claim. So not only do I have to have a claim and I have to prove that claim and I have to have
a benefit about that claim, but I also have to be conversational and it also has to be about
the unique mechanism. You know what I mean? All of that stuff together is not easy. It's not, it's not that it's not, it's not that easy.

And so those three things make it tough. Now I'm, I'm going to say that it's me. It really makes it tough. Yeah. So I'm going to, I'm going to come up here.

I'm going to get this. Because you hate looking at it. Oh, I know. I love it. It makes me laugh.

And this is exactly what I'd like to see between the mothers and daughters that they
could take a situation that was not, um, naturally, um, it was, it felt contrived and
it didn't feel something like you would just do with, you know, a friend you knew all the
time. And then you'd laugh about it. You say, all right, we're not going to touch the ice cream. Yeah. We promise.

Oh no, we're done. Are you taking away my, everything is fine. Um, I need that for a souvenir. Oh, I'll go back to the version. Yep.

You can go back to the previous version. Ignore everything else below this. Oh gosh. What if I think of another question that comes up? Do I add it to this?

Yes, you can. That's exactly what you would do. That's exactly. I'm glad you asked that question. That's exactly what you would do.

If you came up with, um, something else. Yes. Another question that you believe your prospects are asking about your thesis statement, then
add another chunk. That's what you would do. However, I think we're, we're good.

We're good for now. Um, matter of fact, I'm just going to take all of this from here on down and I'm going
to delete it. Okay. But it's going to be in the version history, right? It's in the version history.

Because I need to know how to write this in a conversational matter. Yeah. Uh, well, you, you have that. This is pretty good. Um, so I'm just going to, I'm going to come over here.

I'm so happy because I'm just, I was just thinking like, oh my gosh, I'm not getting this. I'm not getting this. So we're done. Do you have to do this? I'm going to call this.

We're done rev zero because we're probably going to, when we read through it again, we're
probably want to massage it, make it a little better. You know what I mean? Yeah. And here's, and here's what I mean. Um, and that, let me save this version.

All right. All right. And you know how to find previous versions, all of that other work we did. Right. So now what you need to do is get on, and I'm going to delete this too.

Yep. So we don't need that, um, get on a call with somebody or sit across the table from somebody
and read this out loud. Okay. And as you're reading it, have a pen, take out a pen. And as you're reading it, you know, print this out first.

And as you're reading it, note or take, take a note where things are kind of awkward or
if, if they're not easy to read, or if the person you're talking to gets a funny look
on their face, like they're not following you. Yeah. Then that's, those are kind of clues that we want to know, um, uh, so that we can fix them. I see. You know what I mean?

I'm going to read this, read this out loud. It's best if you read it out loud to a person. And instead of just yourself, I mean, if all you have is yourself and read it to yourself
out loud, that's one thing that's very helpful. Okay. But if you do it with someone else, um, and they're not, and don't let them read it.

Just let them listen to you. Listen to it. The flow, listen to it. And if they, if they say, uh, raise their hand and say, excuse me, what are you, what
did you mean by that? Yeah.

Take your pen and put a mark right on the paper. What did you, what did you, yeah. What did you think I met? You know, and they tell you and you, then you know what to go back and fix. Okay.

But at this point, at this point, what we're ready to do, assuming this is well written
now, we're happy with it, we're going to take your headline and your lead and this part
here and the sin offer, and we're going to make one long document. That's going to be your complete campaign. Wow. Okay. So we have a headline, the lead, this document, which is called the arguments or the chunks
and the sin offer, and that's going to be the long page something.

Yeah. That's, that's going to be your campaign. That's going to be your marketing campaign. That's going to be the marketing campaign. Yeah.

That's the whole thing. Wow. You think I'm ready for that? Of course you are. Retaining on the training wheels.

Yeah. You've been doing great. Oh my gosh. So I need to report back to you tomorrow. I need to read this to somebody today.

Should it be a daughter or could I read it to somebody else? It can be your daughter. It can be anybody. Oh, it could be a man too, who really wants to. He's not a man.

He's well, he is a man. He's 37 years old. But if someone, if you read it out loud and someone says, well, what am I just saying? There's a confusing part in there. Well, what confused you?

And then they tell you, you want to know that. I see. Because now we need to make it better. Sure. And plus, there's going to be, there are going to be a few parts in here that are awkward to read, which means it's not the way you speak.

So we'll have to fix that. I see. Awkward fix. Okay. Meaning fix, meaning rewrite that part?

Yeah. Make it flow better. Make it more clear. Make it the way you speak. Make it, because you're going to be reading this.

You know what I mean? You're going to be creating a video sales letter. A video. That's right. You're going to have to read this into a microphone.

Sure, sure. So do you think I should do this with many people? Or just one person? Should I do this with many people? Just one person.

One person's all you need. Okay. Don't go out of your way. Don't make it complicated. Because really, when you're reading it to one or several people, it doesn't matter, you're going to, your mind is going to be a different place, because now you know you have to be clear, and you have to communicate to people, and you have to make sure that they understand it, you know?

I see. And so, as you're reading, you might read something, and you might think, they have no idea what I'm talking about. This doesn't matter. You know what I mean? Yeah.

That's going to be going on in your head. Plus, they're going to be listening, and they're going to tell you places where it's awkward or unclear. There may not be any. It may be perfect. We'll find out.

Oh, I see. Yeah, because I've been looking at this so long that you never know. You get into this emperor has no clothes thing, right? Yeah. You think everything looks fine, but then to others, so it's good if I would have read it to a mother, read it to a daughter, and then read it to somebody like a male.

Well, if that's what you want to do, you really only need to read it to one person for this exercise just to make sure. All you're trying to do is notice where it's awkward or notice where it's unclear to you as a reader. Like, if you read it now silently to yourself, there's so much going on in your brain right now, and you've seen this so many times. You're going to skip over the parts that are not. Sure.

Your brain is going to fill in the gaps. I see. I've been doing it so long. However, if you read it out loud, which you haven't done yet, really, if you read the whole thing out loud to a person, that changes everything. It changes what goes on inside your brain and everything.

So then it's, you'll be able to tell where it doesn't, where it's hard to read or not really you or whatever. You know what I mean? And then, and certainly unclear. And then they'll be able to tell you where it's just not, I don't know what you are talking about here. Yeah.

And you can get that feedback. Just write it down on the paper and keep going. Keep going. And when you're done, say thank you. And then you and I can get back together and clean it up and clean it up.

So what is my headline? Is it the thesis statement? Let me see. What is your headline? Let me look.

See if I can find it. Because I wrote down those four things, headline, lead, argument, and sin offer. So I'm just wondering, I'm going to, I'm trying to get a handle of what's ahead. And I don't know what I had. The headline was something where we talked about the lead.

There were different types of headlines. Yeah. Hold on. Let's see. I'll, I'll find it for you.

Oh, okay. And then the lead, that was a beautiful 300. So we're five, you gave me 500 words to do. And then the argument is this. And the sin offer is all those components, like the risk reversal, the price.

Frequently asked questions. Um, the, the, the, the frequently asked questions would be the gap questions, right? Yeah. Okay. Okay.

So let's see. We've got, um, we got copy. We've got private sessions. We've got your lead. Let's see if it's in here.

Okay. Yeah. Okay. See, here's your headline for every daughter who wants a better relationship with their mother. The two word phrases that heal the relationship.

Yeah. Okay. Oh, that's a headline. Here's another headline for every daughter who wants a better relationship with their mother revealed the Bali secret, how a remote village in Indonesia has avoided. So that's another headline.

Okay. Here's a headline here. That says for every daughter who wants a better relationship with their mother, how Robin McDonald went from arguing bitterly with her mom every day for half a century to using the secret phrases. Does it heal their, so what, what we need is, um, and I can't, one headline, one headline, one headline, and it has to be about this lead that we created. Okay.

So we had a few, but it was based on something else. I can't remember. I can't remember. Um, and remember for every daughter went two words to kick off, um, a conversation. Um,
Yeah.

If you're low, if like most of my free settings. Boy, you're weaving it all together. You're like the word weaver. Um,
Um,
Um,
Um,
Um,
Um,
Um,
Um,
Um,
I feel like most women I know and you dread talking with your mother because you know, your conversation will turn into blaming and arguing. I'm going to introduce you to the two word phrases that will try.

Now your marketing argument is not about the two word phrases. What,
which lead did you want to use? Was it this one about the two words? Probably the villagers. Uh,
we,
well,
uh,
I imagine a place where mothers and daughters never argue, never fight, never bicker, never blame.

I assure you such a place exists on an Indonesian island called Bali. Um,
And now women in the United States are taking advantage of the same cultural tactic that Bali women use. It's all part of a relationship healing strategy I called ask pre-setting. And it's completely different from talk therapy, relationship counseling, avoidance, and active listening. Because ask pre-setting, because with ask pre-setting, you use a unique three phase approach to achieving, achieving openness that combines silent observance with words that calm you and your mother.

You shift your perception first, and your mother can't help but shift hers. Yes. That way you play openly and honestly without raising eyebrows or hiding from controversy. Your mother hears what you say, and you can feel it. You can be who you are, and not have to change your personality or your mom's.

You don't have to give expensive gifts to heal hurt feelings. And you don't have to plan out everything you say in advance, or feel prolonged guilt for past meltdowns. Oh, I love that. Oh my gosh, you play so beautifully. Oh my gosh.

If you want to recover a loving relationship with your mother that will last for the rest of your life, rest of your time together, you want to pay a close attention to what I'm about to show you. Hi, I'm Annette Pang. And as a licensed care homeowner, I've been healing relationships between daughters for over 20 years. I've developed Ask Presetting as a way to help daughters heal the relationships they have with their mothers. And I didn't finish this, but.

That is beautiful, Michael. So we need to, you need to finish this part here about you. If you're going to use this lead. Yeah. And this headline.

And I, and if I, what do you mean if I'm going to use it? In other words, some instances I use it. Other instances I don't. No. So here's.

I just keep one lead. Let's talk about these headlines. First of all. Yes. Okay.

You have a promise in each of these. Okay. Hold on. Let me see if there's somebody else here. Oh, Debbie's back.

Hello, Debbie. Okay. It's me, you and Debbie. All right. Okay.

So remember that in each of these headlines, we have your same promise. And we have the same mechanism, which is ask free setting. Okay. And in each one, there's something really interesting going on. Right.

That's really all there is to it. And in this case, you liked this one. Well, I tested it and a lot of people like it. Well, what do you, what do you think your prospects will you discuss? You know, your prospects.

Well, which one will your prospects like? I mean, the people you talk to aren't necessarily the people you would work with. That's true. So that's another good thing I should test, but they would like this one plus the Robin
McDonald one. Okay.

So instead of Robin McDonald, you would use, what's her name? Kellyanne Conway. No, Janelle. Jennifer Aniston. Oh, Janelle.

I see. Yeah. How Janelle. When? So.

Oh, I see. That's where we fit in Janelle. Well, I have to change your name to Judith because Janelle sounds like Michelle. And Michelle is her real name. So how Judith went from arguing bitterly with her mom every day for nearly half a century
using to using.

Now you have secret phrases that healed their relationship for good. So does that still. Oh, it wasn't. That was a kick, kick off two phrases that you could, you could use. So it wasn't that one.

It wasn't the other lead that they really liked about the movie stars. See the two word phrases. Yeah. That is the one that I thought related to the one right below. Okay.

Okay. Well, you know what? The good news is you have choices. You can choose either this one or the second one. Either one of those will work.

Okay. Yeah. Because some other people like this one too. Yeah. Notice that whatever, whatever interesting point, whatever idea you have in the headline,
you have in the lead, but then the art, the marketing argument is all about ask presetting anyway.

So it almost doesn't matter. Sure. So, so we're just using a different car to get into this unique mechanism. Yeah. Yeah.

I see the different headline is different headline, but the eyebrow stays the same, right? For every daughter who wants a better relationship with a mother. That sounds great. I like that. So, you know what, you know what an eyebrow is.

Well, you guys taught me that. You're listening, you're listening to somebody who's learning. So if you want to hear what kind of results you have with your courses, then just talk to me and I'll tell you whether it's right or wrong. So pick, pick a headline and lead. Okay.

Pick a headline and lead. And put that in front of your marketing argument. Okay. And then add your sent offer at the bottom. Right.

Okay. And then read that to somebody. Read that to a person and notice wherever it's awkward or wherever it's not clear, wherever you need to add clarity or whatever. Okay. Write little notes on the paper and then get back with me before you start changing everything.

So I'll put the headline and then I'll put the lead, which is what we just went over. And then I just insert the paper that says we're done and then go into the sent offer. Correct. But should I already start writing the sent offer before I talk to this person? Well, you have, we already did the sent offer, didn't we?

It's been so long, you don't remember. Let me check. Hold on. I don't know if that's what it's called because I didn't, to me, the sent offer is putting in the guarantees, the risk reversal, the price. Here we go.

Sent offer. Did I, did I, did I do a condensed version or was it? Okay. Yeah. We still need to do sent offer.

Dag nabbit. Dag nabbit. Dag nabbit. I like that. Dag nabbit.

Why did I think we did that already? Um, because we get this, I was very slow and I needed a lot of helping devices for this other part. Yeah. It just took me a long time. So I, yes, I'm still going to be in diapers today.

Okay. All right. Well, all right. So this is your sent offer. Remember?

Yes. And you have your deliverables, your nurtures, you have the, um,
now refresh my memory. How much are you selling this for? This is a course, correct? Right.

Or is it coaching? Well, this was going to be a course with a couple sessions of group coaching involved. So I was going to do a small one, like $47 for an entry one. That's correct. And then $197 to, uh, eventually a $997.

So I'm not sure what price I'm going to attach to this yet. Okay. So what we need to do is spend some time on that because inside of your, um,
your sent offer, you've got nurture sequence emails. Yes. And then don't I have to give like, um, a free gift, you know, like it's just so that
they click on or something like that.

So I was going to do one, um, that Paul was saying a cheat sheet or a checklist. So talk about, okay. All right. This is, this would be a good time to talk about this. First of all, Jeremy, which Jeremy is that?

Is this, are you the MFA Jeremy? Are you okay? All right, man. Just making sure you weren't like a new client or student. I didn't know who it was.

Well, do you want to take Jeremy? Because he's one of us. He works. He's one of us. Yeah.

He's one of us. Yes. One of us. He's one of us. Take me to your leader.

Today. We've got three of us and one of you. So that's right. You're getting all of us. How about that?

I have a party. You're like my three-legged stool anchor me. So you've got a forum. You've got a course. You've got these called deliverables.

These are called deliverables. That's correct. See, so I know Debbie was trying to push me to doing it, but Debbie, I had to stop because
I had to throw all my. No, that's fine. That's totally fine.

You're doing the right thing. Well, Michael, you know, really wanted to sit me down and talk to me. You're doing the right thing. It's all good. 5,000 ways.

So I feel, I feel like 83% really good today because we got this other part under our belt. Right, Michael? 83%. I don't know. I still have to do something with.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was. So we can work on your SIN offer.

So these, that's the deliverable. You see how it says deliverable feature and why and proof. Proof. Yep. Right.

And then you should have benefits in there. I only say 83% because I didn't talk to that phantom person yet. So I should really say, you know, 110% for the argument. And then when I do the whole thing, what is this whole thing called? Where I do the headline lead argument and SIN offer to some person, some random person who will listen to me.

That's it. That's your marketing message. Oh, that's a marketing message. Okay. This is all in your vocabulary.

So I'll get that marketing message. That's called an interview. Love it. Okay. So we've got these nurture sequence emails.

So what is this? Explain this to me. Okay, so those are the, I don't know if it's the right name, but those are the emails that I might lead on to, like, drip little breadcrumbs that acts as a funnel that leads on to something that's going to be coming. So I might say the first email is love me. The subject line might be love me.

That's all I ask of you. And the second one might be, do I love my mother? Okay. The third one is, you know, I would kind of just start talking in a conversational thing just to people. Is that called a nurture sequence?

I'm not sure. Yes, that is that. Or a warm-up campaign or something. Yeah. Or a follow-up sequence, for example.

But that's not a deliverable. A deliverable. Oh, I see. Is something that, when they pay you money, what do they get? Yeah, I'm not going to charge for the nurture sequence emails.

So that's not a deliverable. That's part of the skeleton for the whole offer. So in other words, it's just kind of window dressing, right? It's not the real thing yet. Yeah, it's not the actual offer.

It's part of your marketing. But for this, for the purposes of this, the sin offer construction, I want to know what, like, once they pay you the money, what do they get? So it looks like what they get is talk about anything course. Yeah. Or I was thinking of calling it a speak up and ask course.

I could change the name, right? Okay. It basically will be this five-week course. Yes. Okay.

And you said, and also a talk and be heard boot camp? Yes. So that would be, if it's a five-week course, four weeks would be four modules. And the fifth week would be the boot camp. It would be embedded inside the course.

Okay. Does that make sense? It sure does. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to cut that out and I'm going to make it its own deliverable. Its own deliverable.

Oh, because I could charge extra for that. No. You could. Yeah. I don't know.

Yeah. Yeah. You're charging a price. You're charging a price. What do they get?

We want to give them so much great stuff to solve their problem that it's just a no-brainer. They say, well, yeah, if I'm getting a course and a boot camp and cheat sheets and this and that. And, and, and. Right. It still has to be relevant to the problem, right?

Yes. Yes. Which is not being able to get along with their, their mom. Right. Right.

So certainly a course is something that they get and that's different enough from a boot
camp to count it as two different deliverables. Sure. Because really, if you look at this, a deliverable feature, a why and a benefit, like the features
of a boot camp are different from the features of a course. Exactly. Like a course is just videos and stuff, right?

But a talk and be heard boot camp, that's when you're getting together with them in a group
setting and doing boot camp stuff, whatever. Exactly. Doing break, breakout rooms and, you know, articulating their feedback with the concepts. I give them a concept and then they talk about it. And then that's where it gets really reinforced because all that time they were using more
of a passive approach to learning and just doing their modules on their own.

But in a boot camp, they can actually have a chance to express, you know, and, and, and
hear themselves talk if they're going to practice their questions, their ask questions. Yeah. Yeah. And that's a big, that's like the most important part of. That's the most important part.

Ask tree setting, right? Because they have all the, no matter what happens, no matter what their mom says, they're ready. They have something like ready to hit their mom with, you know, so that's being able to
practice. That's a big deal. Well, you know, what really struck me because I'm following share lingo because I'm trying
to get my grandsons to sign up, but they're not wanting to right now, but share lingo is
so good because you're learning Spanish on your own and you're absorbing it, but you never
speak it.

And so at the time you really speak it, then you say, well, what questions do I ask? What now, what do you say? Do you say, what, what do you want to, I mean, you're like telling them how to actually speak
about it. So I think what I'm doing with the first part is to learn all the concepts and then the
bootcamp will be the one where they really open their mouths. Yeah.

Yeah. And they go yabba, yabba, dabba, dooba. And that's, that's good. That's brilliant. Um, and then they also get, they also have something called family freedom forum.

Um, now that is miss Debbie's concoction and creation her, because I love that. But what is it? Forum. Um, that's where you really get into going from mothers and daughters and all of a sudden
expanding the whole concept to, if you know how to speak to mothers and daughters already,
what if you have a problem with a son or you have a problem with your husband or two sisters
are having a problem. You can now apply all the ask presetting concepts to a bigger, wider group within your family.

And that would be including everybody who might want to join in. Cause I have some families that are just kind of waiting at the chomping at the bit, waiting
to get my help. Well, let me ask you this. Do that, do I need to go to family freedom forum in order to stop walking on eggshells with
my mom? Um, you need to do the first part before you go to family, family freedom forum.

Yeah. But my question is, do I need this forum in order to stop walking on eggshells around my
mother? Uh, no, you can get it. Yeah. You can get it right away from the earlier courses.

Okay. So then that is just kind of the bigger upsell to, I would say this is a, um,
either an upsell, which shouldn't even be on this sheet or it's a bonus. Right. Oh, that's a good idea. Okay.

It's a bonus. Cause now you've learned about ask presetting. Now here's a bonus where you can use this with everyone in your family. And it's a forum where you can, I don't know how you would set it up. I don't really understand that at this point, but okay.

Because it, my point is, it doesn't, it's not needed in order to, um, in order to give
them what they need to deliver the core promise, right? The primary promise. So since they don't really need it, it's a bonus. It's extra. I see.

Oh, I see. So basically what I'm thinking is that, uh, they've, they get that after they've learned
the beginning principles. So they really should go to the beginning course. And then the family freedom formula would be where you have more exercises and you have
more, um, exchange verbal exchange because now the group, is it a group? Yes, it would be, it would be a group.

Okay. Because it, it's like, you know, a share lingo partner. It only becomes valuable when you have a human to talk to. Okay. Okay.

Just the way you're asking me to talk to somebody to read my thing, because right now it's beautiful
and it sounds good. It flows well, but now I need to actually test it. Mm-hmm. Correct. That makes sense.

It's like reading all the cookbooks. And then finally you say, oh my gosh, now I have to make my cake. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. That's exactly right.

Mm-hmm. That's, that's a perfect analogy. You've read the cookbooks. Right. Now it's time to bake the cake.

All the time to bake the cake. And time to measure cake, mix, stir, you know, whatever, whatever, not add the raisins. So, because prior to that, I know tons of people who have cookbooks, like 30 cookbooks. They read like novels, but they never cooked. Yeah, that's me.

That's me. But you're, you're forgiven because you play chess. Yeah. Well, you know, here's the problem. I go to the bookstore and I see a cookbook and I look at the cover and I'm like, oh yeah, that's what I want to eat.

And I buy the cookbook and I never, I never make it. You know, every time I try to follow a cookbook, it never comes out. It doesn't look the same. And I think, I know it's not supposed to taste like this because I don't like what I just made. But anyway.

That's the same concept, right? So that's why the group coaching and the boot camp, that, all of that, it's so important because what is that Confucius thing quote? It says, when I, when I hear, I understand, when I see, I do this, but when I do, no, when I hear, I, something, and, but when I do, I understand. In other words, you can just do the listening and the looking, but then when you actually take action, then it becomes part of you. Well, you're discovering that, aren't you?

Yes. Many weeks from June 14th. That was my first call with you. I listened to it again last night. Gosh.

Okay. So let's get back to this sin offer here because it's 20 after seven. Okay. France. We've got, we've got, we don't want the nurture sequence email.

So this is all. Delete. Yeah. Delete. Okay.

I'm asking you. So my, am I deleting this? Yes. Okay. Because that's not a deliverable.

It's not a deliverable. That's just part of the marketing. Right. So we have the talk about anything course. Right.

We've got the talk and be heard bootcamp. Right. And as a bonus, we've got the family freedom formula that for family freedom forum. That's great. That's Debbie's name.

I, I love that. I love that. I can always tell. Debbie's names are always so great. Well, sometimes.

Sometimes. I love it. Now, I want to ask both of you, none of those titles have anything mother daughter in there. Is that okay? That's fine.

Or you can have mother, mother, daughter stuff in it. If you have, if the course, let's say the course is talk about anything course, the TAA course. And let's say a man decides he wants to buy it because he's not get along with his mom. Yeah. If you had daughter in the title, the daughter mom protocol, maybe the guy wouldn't buy it.

The man wouldn't purchase it because he's like. Exactly. And later. And see, the other thing is later you can create a campaign for sons and mothers. And it can be for this exact same course.

The course. Perfect. Everything's the same. Right. Thank you.

And now you don't, you only have to have one course and a lot of campaigns. Got it. You know what I mean? I really appreciate this answer because I was stumped. I was thinking, how do I make it relevant?

Because I know there's so many other men who are waiting for this. You know, they're all screwed up. They're all screwed up. They are. They have this mother fixation that they never got over.

And so they are bad to their wives. And so I'm thinking they need my course. And but if I say mothers and daughters, they're going to say, oh, that's not for me. Yeah. So if it's a talk about anything course, that's a beautiful name.

Talk and be heard boot camp. That's another great name. And the family freedom forum. I love all. I love that name.

Do you like the name called speak up and ask? Speak up and ask. Yeah. Or speak up and kick ask. Or just speak up.

Because I've been using it. And I feel that that's a really good thing. Like do it. You know, like a Nike swoosh. Because it's like a command.

And it's also like because people don't want to speak up because they're so they're so scared. They're so scared. Somebody's going to jump all over them. So they sweep stuff under the rug. They tiptoes around.

You know, they walk on eggshells. But they so I'm saying speak up and ask. Instead of talk about anything. Speak up and ask, of course. Those are both fine for me.

See, here's what we're going to do. You're going to say you're going to have a little segue here. And I'll find that in a minute. But you're going to say, you know, now that you know everything there is to know about ask presetting and how it's so great at being able to talk to your mom anytime you want without walking on eggshells. I want to tell you about something I created that is based entirely on ask presetting.

It's called the talk about anything course. Let me tell you what's in it. You see what I'm saying? So now it's it segues from talking about ask presetting to talking about it doesn't matter what the name of the course is. God, it's so smooth.

Yeah. So, I mean, it's that simple. I love that. Yeah, because we don't want to put ask presetting in the title, right? Necessarily.

No, not necessarily. No, not at all. Got it. You can say, you can say in the sin offer that it's based on ask presetting. Got it.

Right. You can say, look, I created this course called talk about anything. And it's completely built on the ask presetting protocol, the ask presetting concepts that I just told you about. Yes. You know, I'm the only course in the world based on ask presetting.

Presetting. Right. Because I made up ask presetting. So let me tell you what is in it and everything it'll do for you. And that's when you explain the sin offer.

And you say the first thing, the first thing you're going to get is to talk about anything course, which is a five week course with written instructions, homework and weekly zoom calls, teaching the ask presetting program. Right. And then why do you need it? And then benefits of it. Right.

The second thing you're going to get is to talk and be heard boot camp, which is a, which is a group, which is a, whatever you say, whatever it is. It's a, yeah, it's a group call. Group call. And you need that so that you can actually practice all of the, the ask, all of your ask questions that you came up with during ask presetting, you know, and you've already explained that to them in, in your marketing argument. So you don't have to explain it to them here.

I see. Right. This is where you practice your questions for the ask phase. Okay. Right.

And the benefit of that is like, so the next time your, your mom gives you that look. That look out the side of her eye, you're ready. You know, exactly what to say. And you say it and she laughs and you laugh and you have a great, and you hug. Oh, I know that.

And yeah. Right. That's right. So that's, that's the benefit of the talking beer heard boot camp. Okay.

Right. And then you talk about, you know, how much it costs and, and then you say the bonus and here's a bonus, a special bonus. It's called the family freedom forum, which is also group coaching, but it's a special kind. It's like the other one, except this is for your whole family. If you're not getting along with your, your dad or your brother, then you'll be able to use the exact same, um, practice sessions with anyone in the group.

Anytime you want. Right. And so that's, that's the bonus. I love that. And that group coaching can go on for three weeks, five weeks, right?

It, as long as it's six months, six months, because it's all them. You don't have to facilitate that. I see. They can just go into the group and they can say, uh, Hey, Debbie, um, right. Can I practice some things I want to say to my, uh, brother, because we just haven't gotten along in years.

Sure. Says Debbie. And, you know, we practice and she helps me and because she's been through the course and I've been through the course. We know what to do. Right.

Exactly. Exactly. Maybe that's what sounds great. Yeah. Maybe that's what would you're going to say?

Because that's probably, maybe that's how you set this up. I don't know exactly what this is, but, um, I'll work on it so that you'll know, but it's, I love the title, Debbie, but it's basically, I have one family ready to go. And if they can go in with a small entry level, like a $47 thing, and then just keep graduating, then I'll say, okay, now you're qualified to enter the family freedom forum. The full family freedom forum. And you need to apply with 25 words or less to tell me why you want to join this, because I have the capability of rejecting you.

No, you don't want to do that if it's a bonus. I see. They get it. This is something they get. They're paying you money.

And this is a free bonus that they're going to get as well. Okay, so I think that might be too much for a bonus. Okay. Um, it, the group coaching feels like I cannot do this within, unless I'm charging like $10,000, you know, and then you get the group coaching. But basically for $47, I think the group coaching family freedom forum will be a little, you know what, you know what share lingo does.

They have a forum, they have a group. Okay. And those are just people in there. They speak Spanish and they speak English and they just go into the group and they find somebody to practice with. I see.

So it's not even, it doesn't have to be like heavy duty. They don't even need you. They don't even need Steve. They don't need, they don't need James. They don't need Steve.

They just go in and find somebody. I see. So it's kind of like an accountability partner. It could be that. It's whatever you want.

This is your bonus. I see. Okay. Then it doesn't involve me. I thought I'm the head of the group coaching.

It could be like peer to peer. It could be just not even group coaching. It could just be a group of, um, simply, uh, you know, community, community, nanny. Yeah. A group gathering community on Facebook.

Oh, right. Facebook group or whatever. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Whatever you want it to be. But doesn't it sound good? Family freedom form. It does good. It does sound good.

Because I mean, instead of saying, go to the community Facebook group, this sounds way
more elevated. It sounds like I'm going to get some freedom. It's going to be like, it's a forum. We don't have real answers until we do it. So I think it's, yeah, I like that.

But the thing about it, Annette is, you know, you can start out with it, uh, kind of a, as
you're going, it can be a, um, really simple on your end. You may find as more people get put into the forum, that it becomes actually a fabulous
place for you to pick up additional, um, big, uh, big ticket clients. You know, if you end up going in there once or twice a month and offering real great value,
then people are going to want to keep buying things from you. So it doesn't have to be just the people who are in there. If you, if you keep providing value at a low level of commitment on your part, but enough
to nurture them, you know, consider it, you're investing your time to nurture people who have
already paid you, you know, your best clients, your best customers are people who've already
paid you money.

So yeah, don't forget, don't forget to keep nurturing the people who paid you money. Right. Right. I love that. So I should create a Facebook group called family freedom forum.

And that's a bonus. That's the bonus. I love that. But the only way they can get in is if they purchase products, they've just purchased some
product. Then they get into this forum and they automatically are going to find like kind thinkers because
they're reading my thing about Asprey setting and then they'll find each other and just
spit it out and then get back feedback, get feedback.

Yeah. But I think, I think you're going to find it will be most beneficial to you if you are in
there somewhat regularly to nurture your best clients. Okay. That sounds great. I love this development, what you guys are coming up with now, because I, this is not
quite what this group, this family, one family needs, the Owen family, for instance.

They, so this family freedom forum could be for the, for the larger community, but this
other family, the Owen family really needs help with the six siblings about their parents. So I might call that another deliverable, right? Um, another deliverable. Yes, because they don't need to have outsiders. They want to just stay insulated with their own family members, brother to brother, to sister,
to sister.

And they're not following you. You talk about a special group with just one family in it. Yes. A special group with just one family. And I've been holding them off because, um, there's one family member who can't commit
yet.

And five family members have, but they basically want to join a family. And I give them a little bit of a review of how to do ask pre-setting and, you know,
I'll drip in all those little things that they should learn from the talk anything course. And then we'll go into some real examples of how to find mother's wheelchair, how to write
the will, how to get her to go to the care home. They, they want specific answers. Yeah.

That might be what's that called. Yeah, that see, that's, um, that's a good question with Facebook groups. I mean, if you, let's say you had 200 people join and buy your course and they all have
families. Now you're talking about 200 different Facebook groups for all of those one, each for each
family. Oh, I see.

It's kind of, it's a lot of, I don't know how you'd keep track of it. I wouldn't be able to. Well, I might not necessarily put that family into a Facebook group because the, they will
now work directly with me as a hub and we'll always be private and insulated. Oh, so that's a private coaching upsell. Okay.

That's a private coaching upsell. Yeah. So it's like, if you have any, and those are exactly what Debbie was talking about. You know, you're going into your group, all of these mothers and, and all of these daughters
are in this group. Right.

And then, um, you're in there once a week, you give them value, you talk to them, you
hang out. And every now and then you say, Hey, anybody in here having a hard time with their, their
whole family, you know, their brothers or sisters or siblings are, you know, um, that,
and if you are, and you want to kind of work with me privately, just let me know. Here's, uh, here's my calendar, get on my calendar. And I see, I don't know, maybe that's, I think you were thinking about that, right? Something like that.

I mean, there are a lot of different ways you can take it, but yeah, absolutely. Any kind of upsell you want, you know, once those people have paid you money, you know,
just keep, keep giving them some consistent value and they'll pay you more money. That's great. Yeah. And you know, you can even ask them what they want, right?

That's true. Ask them what they want. Ask them what they want. Instead of coming up with something like this, this full, you know, thing to say, so what
can, what else can I help you with? What's next?

Yeah. I see. What's next? What can I help you with? I see.

If you get, most of them say that they want X, give them X and charge them. I see. I see. A lot of money for it. Yeah.

Because, because it's going to take up my time. But initially I was doing that. I was doing the bigger enchilada and took me a long time, but I only charged them $500. It took me two years because I went through people's deaths. I went through the lean on the house.

I went through somebody moving out of the house. I mean, it was like, I could never detach because I felt for them. So then I went down to the small mass Costco pricing and smaller bits to chew on, which
is what I'm working on now. Okay. And eventually my mission is to get everybody exposed.

So I should be a smaller bite to chew on first. Yeah. That's what I'm really wanting to spread. It's going to take a lot of more effort to make a lot of money with it, but I, I'm hoping
it'll pay off eventually. Maybe if I can raise my price to $4.97 or $9.97 or something from $47.

Yeah. $47 is a bit low with this, with this coaching. And I would only do that if you're going to be trying out a new coaching program and you
want to vet it and make sure it works properly the way you, um, but see, the thing is, you've
done this before for people. It's not online. Okay.

True. True. Yeah. So, so was this helpful? I feel like we've gone.

Oh my gosh, it's so helpful. No, it's not in circles because this is just really helped me from where we started, which
was the argument. And then now I'm going to be testing with the headline all the way to the sin. So would you like me to work on that talk? Anything due to that first of the sin offer?

And then when that's done, I go out to some, find somebody to see if it's awkward. Here's what I would like you to do next. Okay. And, uh, Debbie can, she can jump in here and correct me if I'm out of line here, but
I would say that start with your core products. You've got two of them.

You've got talk about anything course, fill out that form, fill out another one for talk
and be heard bootcamp. Okay. And then fill out a third one for freedom, family freedom forum. Okay. And then send it to me.

Okay. That's a sin. So I'm going to postpone talking to somebody until I do this part. And I'll send this to you. That's correct.

Okay. I'll work on it today so that I could get it to you tonight. Okay. Sounds good. And I'll see you tomorrow morning.

And I'll see you tomorrow. Thank you both of you. This is just like, I'm sorry. I dominated this conversation. Well, there's nobody else here.

Nobody else here. We're all, we're all yours. Yeah. I'm lucky. Thank you so much.

And I keep looking at you, Debbie. I'm matching your colors. That's right. Look at that. I love that.

Oh my gosh. Well, I do have gray in there for Michael. I have gray too. Yeah, I do too. Okay.

Gray in there for Michael. I'm talking about Michael's gray shirt, not his gray hair. Okay. Okay. I know what you meant.

I know what you meant. I wasn't talking about your hair. I was talking about your shirt. You don't look like you have a black shirt on. You guys have such a great attitude.

Thank you. You're welcome. So do you. Oh, thank you. So what do I do?

Do you think I should use that speak up and ask or talk about anything? What would, if you were just off the street and would. Talk about anything. Is that, was that your vote too, Debbie? I mean, I, I'd like to hear everybody's comments because, um, I'm thinking people just don't
want to say something and, you know, they move, they have to leave their sister.

Somebody was with her sister. And I said to her, just ask her sister if she feels better after her rent, because you're
really wanting to connect to her and just be there for her, even though she's ranting
about you and all the things you're doing wrong. And she's like, I can never say that. And I said, but that's the speak up part that you're talking about. Yes.

Yeah. So she says, I could never say that. I said, why not? You have to stand up for yourself. And in a nice, gentle way, because my whole thing is, uh, hear me roar, but then you insert
gently, hear me gently roar, because people don't ask those questions.

Okay. They're scared stiff. They're scaredy cats. So then the next call I had for her, she says, I'm leaving my sister. I said, why?

She said, it got worse and worse. I said, did you ask her those questions? She said, I could never do that. And I said, they're not bad at all. They would be getting into, your sister would feel like you're thinking about her and now
you're, you're looking at her from her life and blah, blah, blah.

And she says, I can't do that. So maybe that is too much to chew on, right? Speak up and ask. They're going to say, Ooh, I don't want to speak up. Um, see, it's, it's not going to, that doesn't matter so much because by the time you get
around to, um, by the time you get around to talking about your deliverables, they want
ask pre-setting, they don't really care what the name, what the title of it is so much.

It's not going to matter so much. They, they want ask pre-setting because they want a better relationship with their mother. So, um, um, what exactly you call it exactly those little nuances, it's not going to make
that much difference. Yeah, I see. And that's when I know I've really done the job because prior to this, you have a good title
and you're hoping the title is going to attract everybody and say, ah, that's just what I
want, you know, the chocolate covered nougat something, or, you know, instead of just saying
the delicious candy bar.

So, but with the education-based marketing, you start with all that other thing to convince
them about the mechanism, right? Then they go, then they go ahead and say, whatever it's called, I want it. I want ask pre-setting. I want the mechanism. That's so different from what other people teach because they want you to register a domain name
and get it right on the mark, you know, right away.

And they want you, even somebody said, pay $3,000 for that name. And I'm thinking, but I didn't even develop, I don't know what that name's about. It just sounds good. Ask pre-setting? No, not ask pre-setting, but when I was doing some other things like the family lifeliner,
and then I wanted to get, then somebody else had the name and I'm, they're saying, well,
go ahead and pay for it.

And I'm thinking, but that's starting with the name first and then building your argument,
whereas you're building your argument first. And then any name will fit. Because they want the mechanism. Right. They almost don't care what it's called.

Right. What they want, what they really want is a better relationship with their mom. That's what they want. They want that promise. And they know ask.

And by the time they get to the end, they know ask pre-setting will do that for them. Right. Got it. Whatever that's called. It doesn't even matter that it's called ask pre-setting.

Right. You know, all they know is that this thing you do, this thing, whatever it's called,
gets them that relationship they want with their mom. So they want that thing. Right. They don't care what it's called.

They don't care what the course is called. They care about the benefits. They care about the transformation in their life. I see. That's great.

You see, I'm just thinking out loud when I talk to you both. And I'm really happy you give me this time to articulate it because it helps me. I really can see how I'm starting from a very different base. And then, because remember what I just asked you 10 minutes ago, do you like this title
or this title? Now that's irrelevant.

Right. Yeah. I really appreciate you going through this process. You're welcome. That's what we're here for.

Thank you. Thank you. Now, I noticed Todd Brown wants us to join a copywriting course. Is that something I have to do? I thought that's going to confuse me.

You don't need that. You don't need to do that right now. No. Thank God. Because I'm thinking, should I click?

No. I just need to finish this, right? You need to finish this. You need to finish this. This is what's important.

This is, we're doing this so you can get, get clients. I appreciate that. Okay. I will sign off right now. Okay.

You have a wonderful day, Annette. Oh, thank you. I hope you get somebody else online because I've just enjoyed this time. Or should I just stay and listen to only mode? There's nobody here.

There's nobody here. Go do your work, my friend. Okay. Thank you. Get to work.

Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Give you a big hug, both of you. Thank you.

Okay. Bye-bye. Okay. Neither one of us are host, so we can't really pause the recording. Oh, so that's right.

I forgot to log in as host. I can log out and log back in, and then I'm in charge. That's right. You are. Okay.

I'll keep the door ajar for you. I'll be right back. Okay. Okay. Bye-bye.

Bye-bye. I'll be right back. Okay. I'll be right back. Okay.

I'll be right back. Okay. I'm back. You're back. All right.

And there you are, your host. Let me. My computer. I'm getting words. Let me.

I'm going to. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.

Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.

Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.

Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.

Hey. Chbased. Hey. Hey. Hey.

Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey.

Hey. Hey. Hey.
