---
title: "Foundations  2022-02-07 07:59:35"
date: 2022-02-07
duration: 49m
duration_seconds: 2978
vimeo_id: 674352758
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations  2022-02-07 07:59:35

**Date:** 2022-02-07 | **Duration:** 49m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Good to see you, man. How are you? Good. No COVID yet. It's like you're like a ninja moving around to not to have COVID.

But here in Spain, it's like most of the people have COVID. So we are thinking, my friend and me speaking the last day, about half a lockdown only for
people that is with no COVID. Because there's more people with COVID that with no COVID. Yeah. As a matter of fact, in France, they're saying we have herd immunity now.

So, yeah, so it's, they're going to start, I don't know if they're going to stop requiring
masks, but it's like,
we don't have to wear masks in the street. Oh, good. Yeah, we still do, but they're going to, they're going to remove that requirement soon. When? I don't know.

I don't know when, but I, I mean, after they announced it, I just don't remember. But it's soon, it's like within a week or so. I think maybe in summer we can, we can live without COVID, it's just, it's two years with
the COVID, you know, it's a long time. Yeah. Yeah.

It's a long time. It's amazing. I think this one, it changed our lives for, I think for, maybe for travel is now for, for
Asia, you have to be quarantined, you have to, you know, it's a bit, it's a bit boring. So you sent me something on Saturday, it looks like this, in the, in the office and now you
only have two small, small questions. Okay.

Oh, hold on. Okay. Oh, this one is the, the, of the, of the offer, I was thinking in the name, because here
I have the, the, the, the old name for my offer, but I can't change the name and if people
like doing like a kind of video telling like this, okay, don't worry, this is the, this is
the product. Oh. Because my product has another name now, but I think that I want to change the name more
related to, to, to the, to the benefit and related to the, the name of the unit mechanism.

Okay. Is it okay to, to change the name in the offer? Uh, yeah, I mean, yeah, uh, it, it's, um, man, I, I don't even, I can't even keep up
with the offers that, that Todd has. I mean, I, I don't even try. He has a whole marketing department, whole marketing team.

And I hear about, you know, the purple notebook and, and, uh, all these other things like, cause
I never checked my, my mail from Todd, you know, the, my marketing mail. I don't, I don't even read that anymore. Why? Well, just because I'm too busy, you know? And, um, so, I mean, every week, it seems like there's another, uh, you know, a new offer.

So I don't worry about changing the name of your offer. I mean, no, the thing is in, in the, in the videos that I, I have recorded something like
that, the name is another, but if this campaign work, I, I can change the video or something
like that. That's true. That's true. And everything is I have, uh, because before I did the work of, of doing a brainstorming,
brainstorming, brainstorming with the deliverables, I can, I can, I can share the, my screen.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hold on.

Yeah. I, this, this one that you, you see in your videos, that put, put here, the variable one,
deliverable one, and you, and it's put every step that people need to, to, to get a promise. Uh, and, and putting really the variables with the same, uh, with the same, uh, benefit. So, uh, I put the one, deliver, deliverable one, master, master, this is the name of the
unit mechanism. Mm-hm.

Deliverable two, easy and faster implementation. This one is, they, they are, they are two, two, two benefits, but it's okay to put in
only one deliverable. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

That's fine. Okay. Deliverable three, three, is ensure your results, is the, the, the support. And the four, three, you are not alone, community, and the bonus. Um, I, I, I, I saw your video and, and in the video, you, you, you say that you put, uh,
everything that you need to get people achieve their suit, but you put, you put it in your
video, you put here a course and the name of one, of one course, course, and the name
of another course, cheat sheets, and the name of cheat sheets.

Okay. When you did this research is things that you have, or, or, uh, there are things that
you, no, there are things that you look in another, in another people, in your competitors,
that are in the same part of the video about bestseller, I don't know. It was a video I did. You have a video in a, in a, in a, in a program that is like, for creators in offer, you have
to do this. The first step is like, do a brainstorming with everything that you need.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. The example is about bestseller something.

Do you remember this video? Okay. Okay. Yeah. Vaguely.

Um, uh, yeah. So, um, I'm gonna have to go back and watch it, but, um, I'll tell the stories. I put here everything that I, I think that people need to, to, to, to, to get. Okay. This is a statement.

And after I put in here, in this, in this, in this, in this work. So I have like this, this Deliberate Moon Lane is multimedia Academy. Okay. Okay. Compositive narrative.

Uh, instead of videos, I'll just appreciate you. And sorry. Why is level master the fundamentals and the skills needed to use composite. This is not. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Yeah, the a broken. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Here's one. Okay. Okay. I do. okay this one i think that i have to put here because it's only in showcase composite storage
because the example of emails and video scripts so okay i think they i think the benefit is the
same that this is something that is to create a space so maybe i here and put these two together
all right did you just say you want to you want to combine those two
yes because okay you're you're breaking up it's all it's all i don't know if it's your wi-fi or
but here that's why that's right give me give me one second okay
now now is it um we'll see
yes now you're still choppy you know i live
i need i live in a small village and sometimes they
now better yeah so you're saying you want to combine um the digital notebook and the online showcase
together this is because this one they are examples of female sequence something like that
that they are in the worksheets and i think maybe it's the same benefit this one is for forget for
do the stuff easier and faster and this one is easier so i don't know if maybe i can do it i can
do it um okay i see what you mean uh hold on let me think
so
maybe the digital notebook is um those are guides to make it easier faster right and then the online
showcase is for when you need that in case you can't even use the worksheets because you can't
think of anything you know you're you you you don't you know you're looking at a blank page and you want
to um to have it done for you right yes they are like uh maybe but but i i if they don't have to have
what i'm saying is they don't have to have the same why they don't have to have the same benefit
you know what i mean like you're saying that both they're both about easy and fast well maybe but you
could make one easy and fast and you could be another one is for um when you're having a hard
time thinking of things it's just done for you you know like uh you can see the examples and have
like a kind of inspiration yeah yeah that's even better yep okay inspiration
and then they that that way they they're not the same benefit okay the thing is that in my offer
these examples of emails they are inside of the works if you know oh well that then it's just one
deliverable it's one deliverable with two features right you understand yes we can use we can use two
features for for every for one delivery delivery oh yeah yeah yeah oh absolutely like your for example
your course some people will have um one deliverable with five features because there's five modules and
each module has a very distinctive benefit right so you could have the um so they get first another
thing you're going to get is the digital notebook the composite narrative digital notebook and what is
this well it does two things for you number one it has worksheets and exercises and examples so you can
easily transform your digital products into better ones and blah blah blah and the cool thing about that
is this great benefit and another thing that the digital notebook does is it has an examples actual um
examples and scripts right in it so in case uh blah blah blah blah so you see that one deliverable can
have more than one feature okay so and here in the multimedia academy i have to put every module now
every more every module no no no no you don't have to if you have if you have if you have um
if if you want to uh so here's here's what here's what it allows you to do
if you talk about the different modules in the academy um it will allow you to give more benefits
for your offer which which makes it more irresistible okay um but it also makes it longer
and for every model you have to put functional uh dimensional and emotional no you don't have to
do but did you use you don't have to if you use this one if you if if i decide to write every module
for every model i have to put the three benefits no uh yeah you should that's what that's what makes
it irresistible is see here's the thing nobody wants worksheets nobody wants a course nobody wants
worksheets nobody wants a digital notebook nobody wants any of these things what they want is more money
they want freedom they want all the things you talked about before right that's what they really
want so um the more times you can you can make the value i've told you this before but the more times
you make the value of your offer higher and higher and higher in their mind in their head
then when they see the price if that is a lower value than what they're getting um that's when
they'll pull out their wallet and buy so what gets the value higher it's the benefits you know what i
mean so if you had if you said multimedia academy and listen there's four modules and these four modules
do four very exciting things and the first module it does this and has this great benefit and the
second module there's another benefit of that one and the third module it's all about you know writing
emails or drafting the subject lines and the thing that's cool about that is that you'll get more
people opening the emails and you make more money blah blah blah so um every time you talk about a benefit
it's more valuable in their mind so if if you're gonna have just one if you're gonna say multimedia academy
which is a set of videos and audios and presentations and you need that so you can master um composite narrative
okay but here's a benefit and you have one great big three level juicy benefit in there right then
that's then that in their mind they're thinking oh okay that's a that's really good benefit i want that
benefit does it have to be three level does it have to be functional dimensionalized and emotional it
doesn't have to no but you you don't have like if you have if you only have three um deliverables
then you can only get three benefits in there you might as well make them really good
you know what i mean yes but if you're talking about um if you're talking about module one module
two module three all the way to module seven and you talk about the composite narrative digital notebook
which has has these two great features first of all blah blah blah which does this amazing thing and
second of all it has uh templates in it and it has examples that you can just copy and paste
and blah blah blah so that you know it's it's like um if you're going to have a lot of features
then you want to keep your benefits small keep them short because they already want composite narrative
they already want it and you're talking you keep talking about all this stuff they're getting
okay well where do i buy it where do i buy it no wait wait let me tell you more
you know what i mean so that's it's kind of a it's kind of a balancing act you know what i mean so
um do you have to talk about each one of your modules no you don't i would say if you're not going to
to then just have one really big benefit that uses functional dimensionalized and emotional
if you're going to talk about all the different um features of it all the different modules then just
use one dimensionalized or use a functional and for one feature use a dimensionalized for another feature
use an emotional for a different you know what i mean so just so that so that um
so so you're delivering more benefits but it's not too long the offer the send-off report remember you
know how todd talks about 75 is marketing and 25 is the offer well that's because they in the 75
you get them to the point where they want composite narrative
right that and so if you did your job right and by the time they you they finish uh hearing the
marketing argument they're thinking wow composite narrative this is really different this is really
great this is amazing i i need this you know i want it then it's just a matter of um the offer can be
short because even though you were teaching you were also marketing right and you got the you've already
they've already heard benefit benefit benefit benefit benefit in the in the marketing argument so
you don't have to kill them with benefits in the offer you know what i mean you can just get
straight straight to here's what you get here's how you get composite narrative i'll give you this
and this and this and this here's the price you know that's am i am i making sense javier yes so in the
in the in the marketing argument i have to put more more benefits than in the
um because it's longer yeah well well but you do that you do that you you put a lot of benefits in
the in the marketing argument right i mean that's that's why we that's why we broke down the um
the unique mechanism the way we did came up with all those benefits so that we can get them in there
they're going to be hearing all these benefits constantly constantly while you're teaching
constantly hearing benefits of composite narrative right you've done that the whole time so it's almost like
um if all you had was an offer page you know like everybody else does with just here's a i've got a
course and here's all the benefits um you could either fill that page with benefits um and then you
know here give them the price but that's we're doing that like when you do the marketing argument it's
constant you're constantly telling them you're sneaking them in but you're constantly telling
them uh benefits you should be yes i know but in the the benefits in the offer that they they have to
to see that these benefits are definitely the benefits that they they want for their life you know
because they i mean if they want freedom or they want like something like more stability in the
business or they want um yeah yeah if yeah i mean you
i mean i i have like this i have this one i have this document this this one is like like the
the summary of of the of the investigation part and this this one is one of the benefits that they
want another so here they have here another another and another so my thinking is i have to
join my offer with if i can with this kind of of ones this kind of um well i mean you here's the
thing you now this is your this is your um web analysis right so there are there are desires and and
pain problems in here that you're not even talking about right so for example when you talk to when you
talk to these people um some of them say that they want to have you know more freedom all that kind
of stuff yeah you can include that but sometimes they'll say um you know i want to be able to i want
my webinars to be better or i want um you know i want to be able to do a plf and and and sound really
good on camera and you know you don't have to you don't put everything in your web analysis into your
i know um marketing marketing yeah only i think that is really important like i don't know if it's
if it supports the thesis statement yeah you could get it in there yeah you can use that i was thinking
if it is important for the prospect like i don't know i will be happy because all the work that i have
done in this in this part uh now i i have i have a it makes sense for me my effort has been worldwide
it's kind of a stuff that's a of a stuff that they told me that they want that maybe it's like join the
desires that they have with the things that my products do you know yeah yeah well that's fine yeah
absolutely uh if you can listen man um like when we broke down your you're going to be teaching um
composite never narrative right yes so when we broke that down we came up with a lot of benefits
for the different stages now if um while you're teaching that um if if some of these that you're
showing me right now are benefits then yeah you can use that um or benefits of the mechanism then
yeah you can use those absolutely but the thing is they are after the marketing argument they they
will desire the unique mechanism so in the offer it's only a question of okay forget your unique
mechanics the unique mechanics you have to do this this and this and this and this but you don't have
to put like a kind of thousand of of benefits in there in the effort no it's not it's not necessary to put
a lot of benefits in the offer and the marketing argument in the offer because after this oh right
right right right right no you don't have to put all of the benefits in the offer no okay because
because it's too long and it's enough enough with the benefits in the marketing now yes that's exactly
right okay that's exactly right that's why we do the marketing argument man that's why we
see normally normal training you teach something but because we're doing it a special way it's also
going to keep them emotionally engaged right so by the time by the time they finish the marketing
argument they want the the mechanism so it it you don't have to the the sin offer doesn't have to be
that long it's actually the marketing argument almost is part of the offer that there the marketing
argument contains benefits of the offer right because that's those are the benefits of the mechanism
and the offer delivers the mechanism this one i was thinking this one is because if uh because in one
video tough and one video about offer tough is like you have to to pinpoint to the benefits that you
you said in the marketing argument and here you have you have to fill the gaps the gaps uh it's like
okay my unique mechanics can do this for you uh and you have to put in the deliverables how you
deliver these these benefits you know yeah yeah so in some in some case you have to repeat the benefits
no no no no no no you don't have to repeat all the benefits no some some of the some of the
important benefits yeah some of the important benefits i would say certainly the primary promise you want to
uh repeat that one at least once right um because that's that's the most that's the one you've discovered
that that's their biggest desire right so you definitely want to repeat that in the in the sin offer
at least once but um you you don't have to repeat yeah you you don't have to repeat all the benefits that are in the
in the marketing argument in the sin offer no i know you're not only the like importance like the
primary promise or something that maybe in the in the in the examination process i discovered that
people want freedom so i have to put freedom here in the offer something like that okay no only the
the big important benefits no okay yeah yeah but because in the offer you have to put
uh twenty percent is about the deliverable and eighty percent is about the other about the benefit no
benefit benefit benefit benefit benefit yeah okay i think i like that that that understand and
okay because i have one deliverable two the composite narrative with two features i can here maybe put
i think i'm gonna put modules
and i i don't have to put every module i can put uh maybe join the modules into parts and in the first
sure sure yeah so like if module one and two um give them this great benefit bring that up
say talk about it and module one and two um what you know we uh by the time you're done with those
modules you'll be able to do this and this is a great benefit and yeah it's how it's whatever you want
man it's whatever see the thing is as long as they it's very clear exactly what they get
um that's important so that because they're going to be paying something if you're if they're confused
about you know the features like what's features and what do i get and it sounds like i'm getting
20 things but maybe i'm just getting three things and that you know it just has to be very clear what
they're going to get right for the money that's important it's the right the things that that people
needs to take action and buy you know yeah it's like uh doing like a a film in the mind of the of the
prospect yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah exactly okay so they have uh this one the multimedia academy
the digital notebook this one no i can join this one this one is online i don't know if in english
tutoring tutoring is like in in spain is this one is it's good in english this word yeah tutoring yeah
okay this one is because when you are in the university you want to see your professor to
to ask for help and this is tutoring yeah so like narrative compose composite is it sounds
like something academic or something like that because i put this one and this one is the support
that's a good one that's a good deliverable to make sure you're for all your disorders and
fastest plan to differentiate your products and sell to your list and i don't have more for the core
offer and like bonus this circle of digital support for composite storytelling
yes okay this one is like a kind of uh private facebook facebook group but you know here in spain
people is start to starting to do you know this this app yeah yeah yeah yeah many many people is
using this one and now this this this tool i have another quick start bonus okay action course in two weeks
this one is like a copy paste and put in action strategy okay here is the last one is one to get more
subscribers with facebook ads and and organic strategies uh i don't have more this is everything
that's fine that's fine it's okay yeah okay i'll i i will continue to to work in the in the offer
do you like this name masterclass composite narrative or
yeah yeah yeah um that's fine yeah certainly and i like this one it's still different
so different yeah i mean i don't know spanish like you do but
i mean i don't know what what it would i can never tell like if i see good words in english if they'll be
if they'll sound good and in spanish you know um but like strangers that that that might not buy
i like this one is like a composite narrative workshop because it's related to workshop that is they
feeling that they are going to learn something that is like a kind of in the in the university in the
university something like that it's not a question of marketing it's like okay i am i am going to learn
something that is a kind of a new skill for my for my for my marketing okay yeah yeah that works
okay but i have to
working on and do you know about the price uh the last price was this one
i am thinking maybe put a little lower because only one one one one once called a month with coaching
maybe i can put lower i don't know maybe put the same price but
i have to think in the price because now one guy in spain launched a course about email marketing and
the price was similar like this you know
yeah but what does he cover what is what are his deliverables what's his offer
it's it's it's more about theoretical it's
copywriting for for email marketing it's something like
because this one is this one is like a kind of my course is about sell and not your products and
this course is about
learn the skills and the foundations of human marketing or it's more it's more theoretical
but i have to put the price and
address the offer but the only the only issue is put the put a right right right price because if i put a
lower price maybe it's more difficult to get the break even
um well i mean if you lower the price it's a better offer it's a superior to his
offer yeah right
um so i you know for price i always look at the competitors i look at what the
what the market is paying in spain you know which i don't which i don't know
um because you know most of the people are selling really high ticket really high ticket
course you know how are they doing are they selling them
yes they sell like no more some people yes some people know they sell it with a webinar funnel
most of the people it's like the funnel that most of the people use here in spain is a webinar
that end in a in a call and in the call you use your your high ticket service
it's working this this funding in usa webinar funnels i mean i yeah people are still using
webinars if that's what you're asking when the final is ending in a call not in a sales page yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah because here in spain is more is one of the most for uh using funnels now
i think maybe the most most of the people are actually with uh ending with a call
something like that yeah so what does the offer sound like when they do that
uh the phrase is like you have a strategy call with us and you have you have a plan some of most of
the of the funnels they don't have an offer for the call you know it's okay you can go to go to us
do a strategy session and in the study session we can see your your business and and have a plan and
but there is no that like a scene offer for the offer because in i show your videos if you have a
funnel that in the ending in a in a in a call you have to create two two scene offers no
well you have to have one for the call yeah and you have to have you have to be able to tell them
something on the call when you get them on the phone like what are you going to offer them you
know what i mean you have to have something so yeah you do have to have two sent offers
but you don't have to it's not like when you get them on the phone you don't you don't read them a
sent offer you don't have the um you have to you have to you have to have your deliverables more or
less no yeah yeah you have to yeah i have to deliverables if you have if you already have in
your mind what is a good benefit then you don't you don't have to think about it while you're on the
phone right you don't have to go ahead when you are selling with a call in the scene offer you have
to create a scene offer for the call you have if you come to a call you get this and this and this
and you never speak about the product and the price of the product and the price of your
or your final offer never no no because here in spain there are people that they put
the single the single offer of the product in the funnel and after if you want to get this you
have to to fill this form and get an interview with my team but people knows the deliverable
know the offer know everything so it's like people that go to the to the call is more qualification
quality quality is with more quality you know it's because people know the price know the deliverables
of the product knows everything so people that goes to the call is because they want to they want to buy
well you know i
see this when you get into the selling part especially on the phone that's something i'm not particularly good
at and i know that um todd has a pretty good team and he teaches he teaches them a lot about how to close
over the phone right and how to so i i guess i mean if you
i mean it's something they're doing is it working how well is it would it work better if they just
had a phone i the the call was the only offer at the end of the webinar um who knows right i i don't
know i don't know what to tell you uh javier um we we don't do that we don't recommend that and i would
say that todd it like in his top one mastermind they're all high ticket sellers all of them and
the the offers that they do at the end of their um marketing is just straight to the call just a call
that's all so i mean and and plus he has he has people all over the world um he has somebody in in uh
italy or no
maybe it's yeah spain nacho yes it's a friend of mine yeah so he yeah and he has people in in china
and all over the world and they're just going straight to straight to a call that they're
they don't talk about deliverables during the marketing
when they do an e5 campaign when they do an e5 campaign
because who's who's the e5 campaign for like those are for problem aware people
right so um i i would i would argue that i think probably a lot of your friends who are doing
like two offers at the end of their webinar where they talk about the entire offer and then they say
you have to get on a call with our team maybe they're not talking to problem where maybe they're
talking to people higher up on the awareness of pyramid you know solution aware product aware
you know what i mean
see we want with an e5 campaign what we're trying to do is make something sound so interesting
that even people who are
product aware will find it will be enticed by it but also people who are just
getting started who who don't who don't have the high awareness that um other people do and so
if you say okay here's this to somebody who's just problem aware i have this three thousand
dollar product but you need to get on a call first um maybe they move in the webinar the level of
of of of the of our of our words you know maybe people start with no aware but in the webinar or in
the product they move until okay i speak about the product and now the another thing is because if you
if you tell to the people the deliverables and the price of the product you have more less calls
much less calls because you have but you have more conversion
but for me if you only see people the price and deliverables but you cannot speak with the people
for something that is high price high ticket price is impossible some people is like okay
three thousand euros i don't i don't like this so i think that it's a question of if you are
only present the call you have more calls but you have less conversion in the course maybe you have
more clients but you present everything the scene offer and everything after this one you have much
less less calls because some people with the prices okay it's too much for me but people that go to the
call convert more because people that want the product you know i think maybe it could be it could
be i learned to do to do the call with a script from sam owens you know sam owens yeah yeah and
he never tell the price in the webinar he's like people go to the call and they call in the call
you could you you sell you sell your product like uh they don't know they don't know nothing about
the other product you know they only know that they have a problem and in they go to the call to
have a plan and speak about your your problem and give my advice and they never know what is the price
or the problem until they get on the call yes this is the most common but there are people in spain
doing the opposite i don't know well yeah listen man there's um
the direct campaigns are easier right because the people are already looking for a solution they're
already looking for a product to to have better emails you know they already want that you know
what i'm saying so those are that's a smaller audience right but they're they're it's easier to
sell to those people and um i i think your friends who are who are doing these uh high ticket things
where they have that i think that's what they're going after uh if there's people who are product
aware their solution aware you know that's what i think that's what i i mean that's what i'm guessing
i i would have to look at their their campaign but if during the campaign they're talking about
like advanced things you know if they're talking about average order value and if they're talking about
you know um copywriting and if they're talking about um i don't know i don't even if they're making
assumptions that people already know a lot about what they're talking about you know already know about
like autoresponders and things like that then they're going then they're going to be talking to
people who are already sophisticated who already have seen offers out there and they're just looking for
solution you know if they're trying it their emails aren't working and they want better emails
right they and they they already know they know what product launch formula is they know what
you know all of that stuff so yeah in the in the if i campaigns google we we go to the previous level no
people that only is only half hour of the problem
yeah yeah they're problem aware um i mean yeah because and then we and then that's when we use a big
idea to entice everybody on the pyramid right if our big idea if our idea is big enough it's like
everybody will be interested in it even the people who have their wallet out getting ready to buy your
your your friend's uh product you know the or that that the other guy in spain who's selling
that you know thousand dollar email thing or 500 whatever it is
you know if it's if it's really if we stop that if we have if we say something that's so shocking
and so um a cure makes people so curious what is this then we get everybody we suck everybody in
and it works on everyone but it also works on the problem aware because you're not talking about
a course you're not talking about something that you you want them to buy all they know is it's training
you know i know yeah i know i know you do okay thank you michael i will i will work in the offer
this week and i hope to finish this with the other okay cool i'm looking forward to it okay thank you
all right talk to you soon thank you
