---
title: "Foundations 2021-09-27 15:59:09"
date: 2021-09-27
duration: 1h 30m
duration_seconds: 5401
vimeo_id: 616237692
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations 2021-09-27 15:59:09

**Date:** 2021-09-27 | **Duration:** 1h 30m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

boy. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm just curious.

You will be able to pay you. Thank you. Thank you. Look at you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And so,
Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. That should pay for you. Thank you. Thank you.

And so, you know,
So, you know,
And so, you know,
And so, you know,
And so, you know, you know,
And so, you know, you know,
So, you know, you know, you know,
You know, you know, you know, I into shift, you know, you know, you're there, you know, you know, you know, you know, it's actually, you know, you know, it might, you know, you know, you know, he wasמody, you know, you know, Google meglio, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you've you know, and you know, you know, you talk to kind of thing, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you in me, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, me tenir claro. the end of it you could make a book it could be a book about ask presetting it could be coaching
it could be a three-day weekend event about ask presetting it could be anything
right it could be a two thousand dollar week-long live event in hawaii yes with you and and somebody
else and somebody else you know whoever the experts are you know what i mean yes so i don't
um what am i what am i trying to say i just want you to understand that the offer is you can almost
keep that separate as long as it's delivering ask presetting it could be any offer that's why we do
the way we do it really pop that's extremely important to hear because now it's just not one
price for that one bunch of deliverables i could change the amount of deliverables the shape the
size of it but just keep the core as ask presetting and there's different routes to getting to as long
as chunk of that yeah as long as whatever you sell delivers on the promise
right with ask presetting it could be anything even a book even even um
you know a few videos even an event even whatever
so price and often yeah we do that todd does that all the time i didn't realize that so that
means i can change the price
according to the deliverables that i give yeah as long as you deliver on the promise
now if you have a different promise you're going to have to come up with a
um a different campaign obviously right and you might have to have different deliverables even
maybe i see it depends on what the promise is i see i mean if it's if it's um sons being able to
talk with their fathers well as presetting will work for them you can have the exact same offer
that's right you know what i mean exactly exactly except charge men more because
just because just because that's because because it costs more to have a beer or something like
that yeah yeah they waste they waste money anyway so
there we go um but this is extremely helpful so in every little campaign from a tiny little
weekend thing to a book to a very a year-long course i just mentioned as presenting as the umbrella
and then i just segment all the tiny little packages um that's going to be consumable to a
group that is a group of volunteers for instance i might just charge them twenty dollars versus you know
some women from the country club i might charge them a hundred you know fifteen hundred dollars
based on the fact that yeah yeah the course changes in shape and size but the umbrella of
ask presetting stays the same yeah matter of fact somebody might somebody might have a webinar and invite
you on and interview you and talk to you about ask presetting and this and that and the other thing
and you explain it to them and then you say at the end of your discussion you say you know
as a matter of fact for you guys because i love this group i got a special deal i mean you don't
you're not paying for advertising yeah what do you care right except it is except you have coaching in
there so you might want to get some compensation for that sure but you see what i mean but you're
doing the grief you're doing the the weekly group coaching anyway yes whether they show up or
at more people show up or not so i mean it's really the the price as long as since you want to break
even as long as you're charging enough money to pay for your advertising that's all you need and the
more and and the more you can charge the more ever the more expensive advertising you can get sure you
you know yes and i'd like to have a nice advertising is really expensive depending on the platform
and you can get some better kind of advertising um if you're charging more money for what you know your
program that's right that's right this frees me liberates me from just that one thought of the
talk anything course i just thought you know that is riveted right there because now i can break out the
course and just do the toolkit for instance and just as long as does now does the toolkit
does the toolkit take care of that um does that deliver on the problem if all if all they had was
a toolkit would they be be able to stop walking on eggshells around their mom yes yes because each
little exercise from the crumpled dollar to the hello kitty to you know all the little things we do in
the toolkit absolutely you go through the introspective process but rehearsing and then the asking okay
yeah there you go there's no coaching in that
i love this you still want to be able to pay for advertising though yes so i would say in the united
states it still has to be at least around 50 or 60 maybe closer to 100 to pay for advertising
right for that campaign you mean for the campaign yeah i mean you'd say 20 i don't if you can find
if you can find advertising so that that's cheap enough so that you can get a customer for 20
then go for it i i'm these days with the way advertising is that's really really really hard to do
yeah yeah yeah so i should start um something a hundred and above to maybe max 297 and just see
how the ball bounces yeah
so you your offer can be for now for now okay i want you to go ahead and create your sent offer the
way we've already discussed it yeah just leave it at 297 we might go 397 i don't know it we'll see
yeah but the introductory offer might be two and then it could rise up after maybe
certainly something we can i mean if people are paying for three for it might as well try charging
four then i can break even sooner well yeah that means maybe fewer people will buy but it'll still
be enough to pay for advertising you know what i mean yes and i will get people who are really
interested that's my thing and then on the other hand people who are really interested can't afford it
and then they just say oh i'm so sorry i can't afford it then at that point i want to just do the
charity course yeah and then if you have one that doesn't have uh yeah if you have one that doesn't
require any coaching and someone invites you to their big live event and you speak in front of the
stage and you say hey i've got a um i've got a 600 course or 500 course here you guys want it for 20
just you guys only you guys don't tell anybody yeah and just for today just just for and i'm happy to
do that because you guys are caregivers you're um you're heroes in my book you're right you know
what i mean whatever the offer is whoever the audience is you can always but but the thing is
the message part the marketing message all the way up until you get to the sin offer the message part
that's all about ask pre-setting that's not about your your your um your product at all or your no
right yeah i love this okay thank you very very much you're welcome yeah this this gives me a lot
of structure and it it just also frees me from thinking that i'm going to offer this only one thing
for that price and then i can't adjust it yeah her needs her budget of the consumer per time of year
etc time of year yeah christmas you might want to do a special thing thanksgiving thing yeah
thanksgiving thanksgiving because you know what happens on during thanksgiving moms and daughters
what do they do they fight oh my gosh or talk around the turkey thanks talk around thanksgiving table
huge fights yeah so sell it in october to prepare you for that thanksgiving dinner coming up yeah exactly
as a matter of fact that what what a great headline that would be right wouldn't that be great don't
talk turkey thanks yeah because i want to offer something like soon i'm itching to do that i just
i i i want to see what i want to send out a trial balloon this month i mean for october
and i think that's a great thing to do prior to thanksgiving because everybody knows oh whether
they eat in person or they zoom yeah that might be the perfect time for your campaign i love it
might be the perfect time you know that because yeah that's a there's a lot of family strife
there's it's a time for it's a time for giving and togetherness but it's also a time for other
things too and you if you can heal that wow wow wouldn't that be fabulous yeah what what would you call it
what would i call what the program yeah that course for thank for thanksgiving no you don't change the
name of the course oh you don't have to change it you don't have to change that because by the time
that you have a headline about thanksgiving it's still about ask presetting it's still about walking
getting ready stopping the walking on around eggshells you know it's still all about that you change the
headline and by the time they by the time they learn by the time they go through your campaign
they're like wow ask presetting is what i need to heal things with my mom finally yes yes yes then so
then it's like the you don't have to change the name of your course because it delivers ask presetting
to them i see so it still stays like talk about anything the taa course what's the headline what
would i call the headline to make it relevant to thanksgiving dinner oh so first of all don't even
yeah don't even think about the course name the course name has nothing to do with the headline ever
oh what is the headline about tell me annette this is a pop quiz what's the headline about
the headline yeah um it would be the headline that's relevant to the course that i'm teaching nope nope
nope nope nope back up again when you write a headline we wrote a headline together what is
the headline supposed to be about oh about ask presetting there you go it's not about your course
is it it's about ask presetting yes it's about the bali and the the yeah so that would be the headline
of the course that i'm offering for thanksgiving yes so so for example for example what if you had a
headline about and debbie's gonna have to help me with this because i'm bad at this on the fly
but what if you had a headline about the um the mother-daughter thanksgiving argument cure
um the secret to to um i love this the healing uh once and for all uh whatever the the relationship
with your mom before thanksgiving dinner comes around or something that's a really bad headline
i love that that's nothing i'm thinking that people are dreading sitting around the dining room table
trying to pretend that they're having good conversations
putting an end to the pretend conversation at thanksgiving or uh putting an end to the pretend
holiday conversations around the table something like that yeah something like that but do you see
how that is not that that doesn't mention your course does it no it's nothing to do with your course
i see so it's about ask pre-setting right right right so this is where i'm confused because i like your
two examples a lot it would be relevant for people to get hooked yes of course is about ask pre-setting
and that i love because otherwise i would be all over the universe so all what what you're suggesting
right now michael's example and debbie's that's great what is that called it's not a headline then
that's the headline well that is a headline okay that's the headline that's the top of your page
the big block words yes the big block words which says prepare for your turkey talk something something
or something like that all you're trying to do with the headline is what just do it a stir up interest
and attract them attract them to what to the ask pre-setting yeah to your yes exactly to your training
about ask pre-setting yeah the whole point of the headline the whole point of the headline the whole
point of the headline yes is to get them to read the first line a whole point of the first line
yes it's called the slippery slope i see i love that so you have to grab your attention with the
headline just to get them to read the first line okay then you have to have their attention in the
first line just enough to get them to read the next line yes and then they keep going down down down and
down down down down down until they press the button thank you so that is is that called uh so
that's where i can mention details like the thanksgiving dinner yeah you can you can mention
thanksgiving dinner in the lead and the headline for sure now what now so what is the headline and the
lead and the marketing argument all those chunks we did what is that about yeah that what is all of
that about tell me right it's in your as pre-setting yeah ask pre-setting yes pre-setting yes and by the
time they finish hearing all of that what do they believe they believe that that's going to be the cure
the cure all the end what's going to be the cure all the the unique mechanism as pre-setting that's
going to help them achieve whatever that headline drew them towards you see see how easy that is
now yes if they actually believe that does it matter what the offer is
no it doesn't matter what the offer is that's exactly right no as long as you deliver ask pre-setting
they're going to be happy yes that's what they want correct correct because i've i've awakened i've
awakened them with a pain which is what that headline's about then they read the next line oh that's me
at dinner or at the dishwasher or you know when when we go to see mom and then they go into that
lead the marketing argument and on the slippery slope and then they go yes as presenting is the
thing that's going to help me yeah and by the way it'll help me and my sister yeah yeah i love that so now
yeah so so you see as long as as you know you're trying to get them excited about ask pre-setting
you could have a headline about christmas dinner about thanksgiving about new years about um
mother's days coming up right about um there's probably a lot of excuses for a different headline
yes yes that gets them to understand how great ask pre-setting is oh so that is such a relief
because you just taught me how i could take one thing and then just use it for all seasons and
reasons yeah do you know what i mean yeah you might have to change the lead and the headline a bit
right right but everything else you can say to yourself you can have whatever offer you want
right that still stays the course so that ask pre-setting doesn't even have to be in a headline
at all i don't even have to use the words in um you have to yeah okay be careful you have to at least
say something about um so that they know there is a uh um something a different way of fixing their
relationship you know like the secret to um getting over uh to having a great thanksgiving dinner with
your mom or the the the the five steps i followed to have it have a great thanksgiving dinner with my
mom or you know what i mean so when i say the secret i want to say the five steps they're going to wonder
what the secret is i all the five steps are yes yes yes yes and then when they get in the lead you
say you say what it is it's called ask pre-setting yes yes it's something i call ask pre-setting i see
i see so you do tickle that coming up and then you mention it quite early and then you go right into
proving it yeah or you could even put ask pre-setting in the headline if you want i see
then they'll say hey it's showing up again what is this ask pre-setting it's for thanksgiving it can
help me buy my mother's christmas gift yeah i could spend time with her at new year's
it's showing up so many times i got to find out what ask pre-setting is all about yeah yeah and that's
that's the beauty of using ask pre-setting in headlines a lot they'll see it all over the place
oh got it got it got it okay yes yes yes don't forget to invite ask pre-setting to your thanksgiving dinner
gives me a lot to think about thank you so much
so yeah i i'm comfortable with that price anything above 100 max of 297 just to try it try it
uh say that again what's the question again i'm comfortable with the pricing and if you could talk
to everyone and your colleagues that'd be great but it would be probably at 100 and above to right now
the maximum of 297 i'd like to try that window
um and then test it okay well that that's you know i'll i'll talk to i think that 297 is kind of a low
price actually for all the coaching you have built into it however um because the competitors really have
there they're so few competitors and their prices are lower for online training than yours um it's
probably a a good price but i'm i'm gonna run it by like i said uh deb and paul and teddy and chris and
some of the some of the team guys just to you know i i don't want to i want to just give you a random price
just uh just uh there was a i don't know if you saw it a slack message michael yeah yeah i saw it i
saw it okay so maybe it maybe maybe or maybe not teddy but um we have plenty to talk about tonight
yes you have plenty to talk about that's really great and i i appreciate that um i
i can't tell you how this conversation is really helping me a lot okay it's giving me a lot of guidance
for uh applying what i've been really used developing with you so that it can be marketable
and and can adjust it for the different groups i'm talking to because if i and i also got an aha moment
that sometimes when people charge a very large price it's really so that they have a spiritual
awakening or some kind of physical thing where they they really have a huge transformation
but that can come with us pre-setting too it's just that the the conversation with mother and
daughter might not suggest a high price as it would something where you you reach your own spiritual
awakening for instance you know or develop a business as an entrepreneur so then how much
are like fifteen hundred dollars fifteen thousand dollars yeah out of curiosity maybe i'm asking both of
you guys if you go to a therapist like a professional so like how much do they charge a session
two hundred fifty dollars 250 on a one-to-one yeah yeah it depends but yeah that's that's a reasonable
that's probably a reasonable price yeah so they're getting three calls they're group calls
so with that perspective i mean you you are very very experienced in this very you've helped a lot
of people with this you know what you're talking about someone can describe their problem and you'll
know exactly okay i know exactly what you need to do and you can tell them and their success their
chances of success will be high right so um 297 for three sessions with you plus the training plus the
tools come on you know it's putting in that respect you know if if all it did was you know if all it did
was just stop an argument for one holiday season would you would you pay what you know what i mean
i mean that's what you pay a therapist and all they do is listen to you and after that's over you're
still yelling at each other it's not that's right it's not like it helps exactly yeah
no some therapists are good i'm i'm kidding i'm kidding about that but but you see it it's it's
easily worth 297 in my mind yes yes yes yes you know even if compared to therapists compared to
psychiatrists family counselors i don't know maybe they charge clergy that's free they help with this
kind of thing yep they do all the time right so you can get help anywhere from free to hundreds of
dollars right so since you um have a superior offer to all of them and since you have a great marketing
campaign now we hope we'll find out it is great i love it there's no problem you charging the higher
end of what's people are getting for what you're normal yes and because it's not one-to-one yeah okay
you get a price break if it is one you got three of these sessions with you that's true and look at
me i have both of you without anyone here so how does that equate um i i love that a lot i love that a
lot so i can do that price comparison yeah i mean um yeah when you talk about your sent offer you can use
that for example as a price comparison okay well i have a lot to chew on now and what i'm going to do
is um look forward to finishing off the sin with the deliverables the price part really stumped me
because i want to do something in october and i feel like i can start it october 11th i looked at my
dates and i could see boom boom boom boom boom and finish it in november and it's just perfect to do a
thanksgiving thing for this month i love that yeah we may need to adjust your headline and your lead then
but it won't take much i don't think so you want a thanksgiving you know headline and big idea or
whatever right right right the secret to something something when you have your thanksgiving dinner
yeah i i just think that that's oh my gosh that's so wonderful people will say yes yes yes i'm going to
be we're all going to be gathering all the cousins all the uncles well we hope so but at least it's some
traction instead of saying i'm how do i talk to you know a mother who's kind of going in and out with
dementia and she's going to yell at me anyway i mean that's people won't i know if people have a hard
time paying for that they just sort of zip their lips and walk on hl yeah yeah yeah
yeah but you make a you make a strong argument against the eggshell walking i sure do in your
campaign yeah i sure do so thank you so much do you have anything else to give to me suggest
change my mindset i think you you have plenty to do right now i do thank you and i'm staying right on
task thank you all right nice okay well i'll sign off is that okay okay sure okay thank you bye
i'll see you on wednesday okay bye bye thank you bye bye bye thank you
