---
title: "Foundations  2021-11-01 06:59:52"
date: 2021-11-01
duration: 1h 12m
duration_seconds: 4335
vimeo_id: 641058898
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations  2021-11-01 06:59:52

**Date:** 2021-11-01 | **Duration:** 1h 12m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hello, Michael. Hello, Tao.

How are you today? Good. Thanks. And you? Doing great.

Yeah. I sent in the email about the step tender market agreement and I hope that, you know,
it look okay. Yeah, I'm looking at it. Yeah, I'm looking at it now. Yeah, I'm looking at it now.

Yeah, I'm looking at it now. Yeah, I'm looking at it now. You just sent it to me this morning. Yes. Thank you.

Yeah, I'm looking at it. Yeah, I'm looking at it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

So the... Excuse me. So what we need to do is you're doing everything right. This first chunk here, this is the one where we're explaining what the rule of dynamic thirds
is, or your mechanism, what your mechanism is, right? Yes.

And we make the claim. It's a unique three phase process for uncovering hidden profits in your business, growing your
business every month, every quarter, and every year from now on. And then we explain what it is. Well, when I look in your marketing argument here, what you've done is you've cut and pasted
your unique mechanism, the work we did together in here. Yeah.

Yeah. So what we need to do is make this conversational. You know what I mean? We need to write this so that it's as if you're having a conversation with somebody and you're
explaining to them what these things are. Step one, step two, and step three.

Does that make sense? So in other words, imagine that you're making a video sales letter and you're writing a script. And in the script, it's just dialogue. It's just words that you're speaking to someone as you're having a casual conversation with
them. That's what we want to do.

Step one, bookkeeping. So it might be, let's see if I can do something like this here. So let's see. Let's see. Let's see.

Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see.

Let's see. Let's see. um you you might get easy and make everything correct or something yeah
so
Thank you. Thank you. I'm trying to count that.

That's meaningful. Yeah, so what I'm struggling with here is I'm trying to rewrite the step one in such that it is, and I want to get the, I want to talk, I want to explain what step one is. And at the same time, I want to add these benefits to it. Okay. You know what I'm saying?

So it's like, whenever somebody's watching me, I'm always, I always struggle with this. But see, in the first phase, you make it easy to put your finger on the pulse of your business and know exactly what's going on. What I mean by is that you start. Is that you? Is that you?

Is that you? you know what um this is this is not my favorite uh this is not my um specialty niche so i'm gonna
spend some time doing this can we um can we get on a special call one-on-one this week like like we did
last week um because um this is uh let me go through this today and tomorrow these first three steps and
work out um kind of how i would write this if i were um you know revealing this rule of dynamic
thirds and and keeping it emotionally exciting by you know putting in these benefits for the step one
and the step two and the step three yeah i'm think i'm even thinking that what i might do is come up
with a metaphor for it because it's kind of complicated you know what i mean it's kind of
sort of a complex process not that it's hard to understand or anything but in order to explain it
in a short amount of time um it's really hard to do that with when you're when you're using all of
these terms and it yeah i don't want it to become i don't want it to bog people down i want them to
understand that um yeah yeah yeah what you're doing is is um unique because it's not just bookkeeping
it's not just finance stuff it's it's um marketing it's it's um you know business consulting it's
everything you know so that that's i need to um i need to think about this now you just sent it to
me or i i might have been a little more prepared so the next time i sent me earlier it just that i
it take me a bit longer to write up than i was thinking you know i was planning for yeah this is
this always sick this is always the longest part i mean the longest writing part because there's so
much of it all of those cpb chunks all of those claims you're making um that always takes the
longest yeah i what i was thinking remember you you mentioned that do a video uh-huh so i either
hi someone or i may you i have some of the software that i will learn to use it okay to do a video
you you know you you know do a duty have you use duty have i done this before made a video yes
yeah yeah yeah so what video do you um use you mean what software do i use yes uh when i make these
when i first make these um they look it's just black text on a white background personally i use
something called the easy vsl i got that one too yeah so that's what i use um some people if they
have a mac they will use um uh whatever it is that that mac version of powerpoint and then some kind
of screen capture software but if you have easy vsl that's really the best way of doing it and see
what we're doing and that's the that's the problem with uh this cutting and pasting thing is that this
is not really compelling the way it is i mean we have this um we have the raw materials here for writing
something great but we what we want to do is create a script that we're going to read and at the same time
we're going to use easy vsl to make the video and then we link the two together we sync them up
so uh i don't know if that makes sense but i think once you start using easy vsl it will make sense but
we still need to have a good script to follow that is um that has clarity and that's not complicated
and that is uh compelling because it has these uh these um benefits like woven into it woven into the
the discussion i don't know if that helps you uh if when i have time to work on this um
it'll be more clear because i can give you an example of of uh what i mean with your with your
material here yeah sure so what uh what it will be the best uh time to uh book the appointment for
um for uh to go back and we have a talk yeah so let's do it on wednesday morning can we do it
wednesday morning that will give me tuesday it will give me the rest of the day today is really packed
um but i'll have time um in the evening and i'll have tomorrow to uh work on it so maybe wednesday
would be a best time to to do this with you so you or do you want thursday so that gives you extra day
yeah if you can wait till thursday that'd be great yeah we can make appointment on thursday
okay then i i have the link so i can book the appointment okay good and you know with the easy
easy vsl um do i have to read because i my easy vsl i can um they can read it for you as well
uh can you hold on let me let me just check right quick yeah because the one i have i think i i put in
poly or or something or text to roy avoid to text to roy and i read it for you
yeah so that's you can try that i would say um those text to voice are um in my experience they're
not that good i know they're getting better and better i haven't really looked at them in a while
yeah but uh hold on let me look at here autumn no they don't the easy vsl does not have text to
voice then i might have come by with other software because hold on hold on hold on hold on
i hate making sales all right say that again i didn't say anything
i'm trying to look at the easy vsl to tell you what the features are but
it keeps trying to um play video at the same time um so uh i believe i i'm pretty sure does not have
text to voice however um there are some platforms out there that do that i'm not that familiar with
because i've never really liked the sound of them that much um i i think in the past i think
um a few months ago um a few months ago because i took up on a course creation and i want to create
costs so i do easy vsl plus um somehow i do um aw amazon or something a poly text to speech
text to speech and i link the two of them together yeah so that's how did it sound so quite good um
i try i i um once we get this script done um i will do that and let you hear about it okay
it sounds like human quite good it's yeah i think you can get if you get creative with punctuation
like put extra commas and um things like that in the in the text it just um what happens is that
it repurpose like somehow i forgot but it's really easy it's just read by itself and move to the next
slide automatic and then you can put uh it will put in for you the picture at the background if you
want and the music or other thing as well you have that option yeah i would i wouldn't bother with
music just the uh voice and the text um but you know um
um we can try it we can try it let's see how it sounds because like i said it's been
it's been a while since i've heard any of those most people what they do is they go in fiverr and they
have somebody um read it they'll pay somebody to read it you know yeah but because yes yeah no it's
expensive it's more expensive that way uh i did that too in the past for the you know how i'll have to
create a um sell letter sell video for a course creation uh-huh uh you know like you're advertising
the call to say if someone wants to buy then you can create a course and um you know john john um he
told uh he have a look at the the video the the text was created by fiber he mentioned that a person
that talk of it too slow and and when changing the pay it not follow he asked me to redo it again
and i thought no go back and forth it's going to cost me a fortune and that's how i spent i think a day
or something so i'm learning about vsl and also i think a few days to look for the text to speech
software and link the two somehow i put the two of them together and works and that will save you um
time as well you know because everything is done by the machine yeah so that you know if something
that we don't like we can ask the machine to redo it instead way we call it and we have to do the
whole lot again or cut and paste you know figure that around all the technical stuff yeah yeah
yeah yes it's um the more tech you add the more complex things become um but yeah let's let's try
that i mean let's try it you know uh like i said i i've never been a fan of it but they've get they've
been getting so much better i know that there was uh i saw a video recently an ad it was a video ad
on youtube and it sounded natural and it turned out it was a an ai voice so um yes certainly
um yeah yeah mention of that um you know world insurance pet insurance i'm not sure in fans in
your country but in australia in perth uh-huh i i have a docket so i took our um pets insurance with
world world you know supermarket and when i want to make a claim i make a call and then this person on
the other side it sounds like human but it but it tell me it's like hello my name is paulie i'm not
human so if i get stuck i will pass you to a human person to help you and and it you know whatever i
say it understand really yeah and it reply to you and and i still haven't get around with my hand
and then it understand me better than a human you know like i have accents but it meant to pick up
everything really yeah yeah i've gotten pretty good at at um listening to at hearing accents and being
able to tell um i have one client i struggle with in italy but um yeah it's it it takes it takes a while
to train your ear to um be able to to understand a lot of a lot of the accents and then if this if
this artificial intelligence can do that man that's pretty impressive and this was in perth
this is a local thing in perth um we will ensure let me say the number so you can you can ring them
and do a test run i give you i don't know if i want to do that okay i won't give you i won't look
up the number it sounds so friendly and they tell you i find that it's a machine but you couldn't
believe it's a machine really that's amazing yeah i i see them you know in my in my facebook news
feed i see advertisements for ai um voice voiceovers all the time uh one of them oh what was one
let me look and then um you know aw amazon or something aw um with the voice you can select english
accent or different accent as well i think that there's some text to go i forgot which one
yeah yeah aws um they have that as well yeah i don't know how you know uh speech alone that's what
it was called okay speech alone was one um let's see and i'm just looking in my news feed yeah i'm not
seeing one now but anyway so yeah let's do that um give me a couple of days let me go through this
thing and um and rewrite some of this that first chunk so that it's more um so so that and i'm gonna put
this in my thing also
okay all right i put a i didn't even put time on my calendar to do this so
that way no one can schedule a call during those times
but other than that this is um this is pretty good i'm that's the only one that's the that's the
only one i i'm worried about is that first chunk and then uh then some other things i'm going to go
through the whole thing but some other things that you know like i like to use the word you
a lot when i write and i think you could probably do that more i'll point that out as i go through
the campaign okay so in the meantime i will look up easy vsl so next time when i see you on thursday
i can you know um can sell it to you okay yeah go ahead and set up the appointment now so nobody else
does and um then yeah i'll look forward to that okay and then um and then um with the website do i
have someone to do it or i'm going to do it um yeah so for the website yeah the what you were
struggling with was the broken parts right um did did you get a did you talk to teddy at all during
during uh did during one of his tech calls and ask him about this yeah he just asked me to go to
to hide someone from up work okay and um i am not i just don't want to go that way yet because it
means that you know whenever i act on more thing i have to drop off something and i quite i focus on
this now and get this done eventually yeah i would say um
if you're not going to do it yourself then i would hire somebody but it this is not
your your website looks good the way it is we're just replacing one page on it
right we're replacing the uh like if somebody clicks and goes to the um you know where you you talk
about being a business consultant when you go to that page we want to replace it with the copy we're
doing now okay but other than that it's it's a it's a well-done bitch it's just that parts of it
are broken parts that many of the links don't work right and that's i i would say get that fixed but
um like you're saying you're paying a lot of money to to this guy for
although he he'll fix it for free right yeah so so i might you know how you make you
once you finish the script i will send to him and ask him how much will he will charge me to
upload the new script and then you know fix other things as well so i think that it's fair to just
ask him to keep fixing stuff sure yeah because he built us well you charge you a lot of money
for that website and um for and it's not working so he he should fix that and you haven't done anything
to break it i think maybe um sometimes i think it's best not to hide other people to fix it because
he may turn around and he said well it's not his work anymore oh i see i see so so if i go back to him
then he cannot say anything to me because i said well i don't know how you know i never do anything
it's your work yeah yeah but um i wait for you to until you finish the script and then i i ask him
for a quote okay and fix other thing as well and then if the points are reasonable i just ask him to do
it a lot easier than spending time to hide someone and they might not do the work as well
the you know sure the the sometimes they create problem as well and plus the time of looking for a
person and other stuff yeah yeah yeah because i know i have five people before and
um sometimes sometimes it can be a nightmare
yeah you never know it you know do you have anybody that you know that has um hired somebody
to do to help with their website that's done a good job or maybe you can ask if you're in any um
groups maybe you can say hey uh who's who do you use to fix your website or maybe you can get referrals
from people yeah like one of this uh one of the group in our um advisor group team you know that i i have
um every wednesday we have a meeting with some of the advisor team we have a couple of different people
um um hey um let's put this way he had i had someone very top to do the marketing
and then because at that time he didn't know and when he understand what to look for
he was not happy at all so and now he um his uh his client asked um you you another um person for
help with the website and marketing so sometimes we cannot you know it's really hard sometimes people
do a good job and then once they get you to you or the system or whatever they kind of are lazy
yeah yeah yeah yeah or they get it they get they spend less less time with you and they get other
clients and they get busy yeah and you you take lower priority so laziness and decreasing priority
those are you almost need yeah yeah i know it's tough that's why i um i know i suppose not to
learn many do many things but i find that um what i learn you know stuff that may take time but at the
end it pay off because no matter who you hire for example the copywriting the one that you're helping me
right you people ask me they say oh why don't you get an ai to do to to do the copywriting i say that ai
cannot do the thing that i'm learning and they say well hire a human i say yeah i hire a human but they
will not write whatever you know that you teach me and you know why this good you know with your help
and other things i say no you cannot get anyone and and by the time you get someone it might cost you
you know a lot of money as well and they may not be happy to you know yeah and i'll go back and down
there yeah yeah exactly right and i'll tell you something else about um hiring somebody
and that is that even if they do write a good campaign for you a good marketing message
um it may not even work you know because what like in the e5 method what we what we show you is that
once you create a message then you have to test it a marketing message is always
pretty subjective you know it's a guess um as whether or not it's going to compete a convert or
not and then you have to test it and then once you know then you can scale it but a lot of the testing
that we teach is um that's those are things that copywriters don't do you know you hire somebody
they'll write you some copy and then they walk away you know what i mean and if it doesn't if it's not
any good all you know is that well they didn't do a good job but really that's not how it works
works because a good um i mean a marketing that's the difference between a copywriter and a marketing
company or a marketing service now in a marketing service like what when i when i do it for a client
i i write the copy and then i test it i run traffic to it and then i let the numbers that i get the
conversion the conversion numbers tell me what part of the campaign is working and what part is not
working and i fix it and that takes weeks sometimes right it takes months and or sometimes it it doesn't
take any time at all sometimes it's great right out of the um right out of the gate but um you still
that's that's not something that a copywriter will do if you just hire somebody to write copy they don't
do that and so i mean as far as you know it's just bad copy but maybe it's not you know you have to
you have to test it you have to let the numbers tell you what's going on so i'll show you all that but um
yeah it's hard it's hard when you when you hire a copywriter and when you hire a media buyer even
you know when you send facebook traffic oh no yeah um oh facebook they're going to change the name
i saw on the new they're going to change the name well facebook make yeah to make
whatever this is on the new two or three days ago you can google i forgot the name
yeah yeah it's changing the name yeah because um on the news they they say that you know people
did not like them changing the name because they're not fixing the problem yeah yeah yeah
yeah what you say correct that's why one of the reasons that i want to go i do the google at work
myself after i um i spend a lot of money for other people to help me but they they you know they and
well because they have other to be fair they also have other people to look after as well
so that they will not spend time to you know like i i would spend time if i were going to do it myself
you know to monitor the advertising yeah to get results so um okay so the website we're going to change
and then do i build another website that up in page for this uh well you you have um
um i that's up to you uh do you have um see if you do it on your on your wordpress site then um
you're still going to have to install um scripts and things to do to track conversions
you know and see and if you use something like click funnels or cartra or one of those they have
that built in plus you're going to need a shopping cart um actually you don't need a shopping cart you
just want a phone call so no you don't even need that um that's that's up to you you it depends on
what you want that your your website builder to do for you you could either create several pages
inside of um your website or you could build it outside of the website and click funnels or something
if you if you teddy can talk to you about advantages and disadvantages of those
personally i've been using wordpress for everything and um it's just what i'm used to
is it a good idea is it a bad idea i don't know it works for me but i mean i do it a lot and i know what
i'm doing so i'm okay with it um i i think probably if i'm not wrong uh from what i understand it that
we need to build like um the landing page and the opt-in page
two or three pages that same yeah for you it would be um the traffic captivation page or the opt-in page
and then the sales page and then from there um people
um
will have to sign up with you they'll have to fill out a schedule page to talk to you
right um yeah i i i form they have to uh complete a form or fill out a form that's right fill out a form
so um so you'd need that page so traffic captivation page a sales page the form that they fill out on a
page um and then a schedule page
and then either a thank you page or sometimes this depend on what schedule pro program you use
they'll have thank you pages built in
you know what i mean sometimes after you fill in the form to to schedule a time
it changes something pops up a message will pop up that says thank you and um has your thank you
message on that but so that's what you you actually need more than four pages because you're having them
fill out that form more than four pages okay you would put that form on a um a page
and then from there go to the
schedule page and then a thank you page and you need to know when someone clicks from one page to the next
so if you want to use something like karcher or or click funnels or one of those um they have
they have that sort of thing those analytics built in to the pages however if you're going to build
that into wordpress you have to uh be able to monitor you know when people click from one page to the
next so you know how well that they are um converting teddy can talk you through some of that okay
i'm going to use our goals software to be with
you're going to what use the golf oh groove that's right groove yeah yeah so that does everything
that has the um that has uh that'll have analytics built into it so you can tell
when people click from one page to the next that does it all and then uh you can you can um install
html on any page that means you can put the form like whatever form system you're using
and i you might even be able to build a form in groove i'm not sure
um i will let you know i'm going to learn the software yeah uh yeah uh yeah it's getting it's
getting it's it's out of beta now so it's getting more and more robust
and then in the future you have other the email you know yeah you can use as well so i think it's a
very good software yeah i i don't trust the email part of it yet um do you what do you use for email now
um outlook outlook yes oh okay so you don't have a um email platform that you use
like a weber or active campaign now on my website the wordpress it have a weapon okay but again saying that i'm
i'm not really up to date with everything eventually i might be yeah a weber is um
um there's a lot more advanced email platforms out there that that you can so for example um
one of the things that you can do and we rec and todd recommends you do is that as people watch your
video you want to know if they hear the offer portion or if they get through the lead or if they
listen to the marketing argument you want to know because the emails you send them should be custom
should be customized depending on how much of your campaign they've watched you want them to hear the
whole message because the whole message is what really is going to compel them to want your services right
so um but if they've already seen if they've already if they've already watched your entire video then you
you don't want to send them an email that tells them to go watch the video right and if they have seen
most of it you can send them just to a page or to the part of the video that is the offer or you know
know what i mean so it's it just depends on um on the email a lot of the email platform
what kind of tags they have as to whether or not you can do that and i i don't think a weber has that
functionality yeah no i don't think so because i my the the web developer recommend a weber because um
um so that i i can upload the blog you know like any article or newsletter in there and send out it to
um to my clients so that's why he recommended and he have it yeah yeah
yeah so yeah i was um
like i was using drip for a while and i used active campaign for a while
i never used infusion soft but i've used a few
yeah there's another one called vbout um that i know a couple of clients are using
but and regardless mailchimp mailchimp is one that is starting to get pretty advanced
yeah um i used to have mailchimp but i um i'm not with them anymore now because um
when i use you the golf um
i forgot now when i set up the book funnel in golf um i get you mailchimp and then later go have
something else that they say i don't need to use mailchimp so i cancel the mailchimp oh really
yeah some something i forgot now it was a while back i need to look at the the notes
but i'm sure it's changed by now yeah i mean they're updating that platform constantly because it's new
i mean relatively i know it's a couple years old now or almost two years old but it's still pretty
new and that they're putting everything in it you know yeah the it's pretty ambitious project but
anyway i mean membership i mean my gosh they've got everything in there they got a membership site
they've got video they've got um e-commerce i mean everything yeah i i think eventually i'm not
sure but i think in the future i think that they don't need to market to the public we think you know
go that they have enough people that they buy and sell within their goal think so yeah i think so
do you think because there's a lot of people in there already uh you know it here's what i think
if you have a business and you're not getting customers constantly then you're eventually going
to go out of business that's what i think i think they're always going to be trying to get new people
i think um they may not advertise anymore because they have so many people built in that are trying
to do affiliate selling you know they've got that affiliate uh platform built out pretty well so
that all of their members can make a lot of money you know um selling groove but uh
i still think if if you're not getting customers constantly then
um um you're going to go out of business yeah i mean that's yeah that's the lifeblood of every
business right just getting customers yeah yeah but uh i think they also put um i think they also
point out to sell other things as well yeah um like for example uh do you receive email from them
um about um ai for copywriting so so in a way that you know if people join up they might earn a commission
from it i think yeah i'm out of i'm out of the loop okay yeah i'm not i'm not crazy about the ai copywriting
yet yeah yeah it's that's not that um it's not it's not well written stuff and i think um it's not
conversational anyway and um i i've used it i've used it i've used jarvis a few times and it's like
reading fake news you know it's it's they make up facts and figures and things just to just to create
the um copywriting so it's it always takes so much work to fix everything that it's almost easier
writing it from scratch but um you know i just remember something you know with the ai i wear it
somewhere they say that some of the ai may need to write using the right keyword that move the
copywriting content up the ranking and the same like some human right copywriter do the same as well
you know how our if i will focus on more of a conversation writing uh-huh you know and the
emotional being individual sure whereas um other copywriters some of them now just focus on the seo
part of the content that can move up the ranking yeah but um if you don't care about seo
then you can have such you can have better you don't have to worry about doing seo writing and you can
write things that are really compelling and not have to worry about that yeah i mean it that's the
thing about paid advertising it's i mean seo my gosh as soon as somebody as soon as somebody beats you
on google or as soon as google decides to index you later in the pages like your business goes away
okay that's just i don't know scary to me
plus seo takes so much work
i'm not into seo i i'm going to pay at and and get you know get the results yeah
okay so what happened to all the other people at step number 10 i haven't seen them coming today
oh believe me they're there well there's more than one call there's we have calls um
at noon eastern for most of the united states that's when they show up
okay yeah which is the middle of the night for you right and then today is the only call that
3 p.m otherwise most of them will be midnight or 6 a.m in the morning yeah exactly yeah so
what time is it for you there now it's about 4 p.m yeah that's not a bad time is it now it's good timing
yeah so i will book the appointment for thursday meeting okay
uh and i think that's all for now oh yeah before we go you know how when you finish helping me with the script
and when come to the website to are building the website do i still um contact you or do i go to teddy
for help with the website for what to do or who to talk to i mean
he might he might have some like a
you're either going to have to do it yourself or hire somebody right yeah okay and that's he can
for the feedback yeah so if he was saying do to um to talk to someone on on uh upwork i mean that's
good advice there's a lot of people there but like you say that's very time consuming and it's hard to vet
people and you have someone who built the thing who charged you a lot of money and um
um they should they should part of their agreement should be to make sure it works
you know that shouldn't cost you anything but um as far as uh
well you're going to be building your pages in groove yeah so i guess i'm not sure exactly what you
what you're asking about your your website okay i'm sorry with the good the new goal for landing
pay the e5 you know the script that you want to help me with uh-huh that one say say when i build
the website i can still come on monday and ask you to have a quick look at it oh yeah of course of
course yes yes yes yes absolutely okay then that's good plus you have my phone number i mean you have
my email address you know if you ever need help i'm an email away sometimes i don't get to it for a day
or two but um like towards the end of the month it gets really busy because a lot of people wait till
the end of the end of the month to set up calls with me so it gets really um but like now like this
week it's it's pretty open so i can work on your thing and we can get together on thursday
um how much more time do you have in the program um total 10 weeks so i start on so i start on the
20th of september yeah i can't wait from that is um 10 of no november will be four yeah i weeks 10 uh 20 of
november eight weeks okay and then um and say toward the end of november yeah yeah a month we have a month
let's get this done let's get this done let's get this done this week if we can so i'm not sure what
happened after after this um these 10 weeks thing yeah i'll have steve give you a call he can talk to
you about that about moving forward or whatever um i'm going to make sure you have a good marketing
message i don't care how long it takes right even if it takes longer than 10 weeks i'm not going to go
anywhere you know um i'm going to i'm going to help you until this is done i feel like it's going to be
done this week or next week at the latest because you're you're almost you have the whole marketing
argument all filled out in the send offer it's all in there we just need to clean it up that first
chunk is is the one that needs the most work and i'll help you through that over the next couple of
days and then um then you can start playing around with the groove and learning that
you know you can learn that new platform and then you can teach me
what's that i hope it's not that difficult did you watch the imperfect action challenge on golf
uh no i didn't i did not i i don't have time for that stuff i in in my mind when it's time for
me to i picked it up like you know a year ago or two years whenever they first started being released
because um mostly for groove cart uh i knew some i was working with someone closely and he was setting
up e-commerce stuff but anyway i picked it up and i played around with it a little a little bit but i
never really learned it and by the time i got a little comfortable with it they changed it
so it's everything i was doing i i can't do anymore i mean it's different now so i decided
i'm just if i ever do decide to use it i'll wait until then to learn it you know it it seems pretty
um intuitive though yeah um they what happened is that um i did hire someone in fiber to help me
build a funnel book funnel okay and and this person got stuck
um there was some issue that i picked up i think it to check out higher something that's not right
and then i asked him told him and he's you know what his reply you go and ask both for help
so every time i i pick up a few times i pick up something he asked me to go back to golf and ask for
help so why isn't he doing it he said he don't know i know what i that's what i mean but you know
when you hire someone you end up doing the work and then he he asked me to go to go for help and then
whatever go teach me i have to send him the message so he learned from there
so and then i was on the book funnel for six months or whatever after i just tell him i said i pay you
and that's it please i don't have time to continue fixing this and fixing that again so i left it there
but golf technical team is really really good whenever i i tell them i said well i have someone
to help me to build it but he doesn't know how to fix it can you help me and they help me and they
even send me a video as well of what they did and teach me along the way yeah they're they uh i will
say this for uh mike philsane he's uh he spent a lot of money on support because it was a huge project it
was a huge i mean when you're giving away this thing for free um you know he had to have a huge
support team for that plus it's beta my gosh but yeah um yeah uh yeah uh okay good luck uh i don't think
it'll be that hard i don't think groove will be that hard it when i play with it it all seems pretty
um intuitive to me because i i i do a lot of i have a i use thrive themes which is a page builder
and theme builder and it's very similar
and whenever there's something i can't figure out i just go to youtube and they have a huge youtube
channel full of information
so i have no doubt if i ever decide to mess around with it seriously that i'll be able to do it by then
it'll be nice and all the bugs will be gone hopefully yeah but i'm going to try to learn the software
you know because um okay it's still a new software so when you hire someone and like they don't know
how to solve the problem i am the one that in the middle do the work and report to both sides
it's a nightmare yeah yeah yeah yeah i agree yeah so hmm okay then so um hopefully um i will get
my google adwords set up and growth as well and then everything can go live and see what's happened with
this um you know copywriting yep sounds good and then you and i'll get together on thursday
thursday morning sometime okay or thursday afternoon for you morning for you yeah yeah
all right have a good day what's left of it so thank you very much for your help you're very welcome
and then see ya all right talk to you soon yep thanks bye bye
you
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you.
