---
title: "Foundations  2021-10-18 06:59:16"
date: 2021-10-18
duration: 1h 55m
duration_seconds: 6954
vimeo_id: 635142661
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations  2021-10-18 06:59:16

**Date:** 2021-10-18 | **Duration:** 1h 55m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Bronze.

Hey, Michael. How are you doing today? I'm doing great. That's good. So, where are we with you?

How can I help you? Wow. We are at, let me find the workbook. We are at finishing the chunk six and also adding the testimonials with different like arguments and stuff. I roughly fill in everything with all the, you know, the C, I always forgot what chunk, C, P, B chunk.

Yeah. I just kind of, I haven't really finished, but I just kind of want you to look at a structure so I know if it's good or not. Okay. You want to put a link or you want to share? Okay.

That's fine. You can see, right? Mm-hmm. So, I think the first thing that I need your help to look at is the chunk. Maybe it's better.

I give you the link. It's quite a lot. So, I just sent you the link. Okay. So, the chunk, the chunk six, which is about, you know, what is pain, passion, bridging?

That one, I have a problem with, I have a problem with understanding how do I put the steps. So, I have written everything, but then I didn't use like, oh, step one is this, step two is this, because there's too many steps. Okay. I just find it like a little bit, you know. Not so good.

Okay. I just like, yeah, you leave it. All right. Wow. What is this fancy graphic?

Oh, this thing? This is my thesaurus. Your what? My thesaurus, when I'm writing. Like if I, if I, if I want to think of another word for fill, you know, occupy, take, fulfill, employ, you know, for like verbs, using strong verbs in my copy.

Um, phone, replace, word, replace, and each of these little green dots is a different, like definition of the word replace. And it just gives me other words to use, you know, in case I can't think of words or for like the word eliminate, as many definitions, but you know, get rid of, obviate, take, remove, eradicate, annihilate, you know. So, so that's what this is. I use this a lot when I'm writing and I like, I like the way it, the way it looks, you know, just kind of lets me see everything at once. And if I hover my mouse over the different dots, I can see the different definitions.

This is so cool. And you do it with like, is it any specific, like for sales page, for like emails or anything? Anything I need, anything I need a thesaurus for. If I can't think of the word or if I want a better word for something, I just use this. It's called, um, it's called visual thesaurus.

How did you know about this? Oh, I don't know. I I've been using this for years. Wow. Interesting.

And so, you know, you, um, you have an account. It's about $20 a year. It's really inexpensive. And I use it all the time. I use it more and more the older I get.

But anyway, um, so that's what that is. Amazing. Thank you for sharing. I never really used it. Like maybe like I use it, like, even if I would use these type of thing, I would just type in Google and find like similar wordings, but they usually lay out like flat.

Like, you know, one row after the other. I feel this one is really cool because it really gives you a good visual. And, uh, so very nice. Yeah. Plus you can, you can, um, like it is more than one definition.

And you see all the words that have the same definition. Oh, you know, like for eliminate this particularly one is removed from a contest or race or come up better in a competition race or conflict. Right. So beat, vanquish, trounce, shell, crush, beat out. And I know what all these means.

It's just, I, I don't often think of them as I'm writing, you know. Oh my God. So over the many years, you must have built a lot of vocabularies. That's how you kind of built it. Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, I guess so.

Um, sometimes I I'll use like annihilate a lot. And so that one will come to mind. Um, like this one here, vanquish. This is one I never think of, but it's a good one. It's a good, strong verb for like getting ready, rid of something, you know.

Um, uh, so anyway, that's super cool. Like shell. I have no idea how that's ever been used in the context of eliminate. So I don't know. Anyway, I'll kill that.

And let's get here to your chunks. Chunk one. Uh, let's look at the chunk zero first or yeah. I don't remember. Yeah, yeah.

Let's look at this one first because, uh, yeah. So I basically put in all the 11 steps thing, but I kind of merged. I kind of, you know, I, I, after the third step, I've stopped using the step one, step
two, step three, because I felt it is a bit, uh, it's a bit bulky and chunky. So I stopped it. So I'm just wondering how do I fix it?

Okay. So yeah, let me, first, let me read what you have. So I use those, uh, connectors, like there, uh, in case if you still feel that you blah, blah, blah, blah, there's a skill value. So I use those, uh, connectors, like there, uh, in case if you still feel that you blah, blah, blah, there's a skill value assessment. So I use this to bring up another point instead of step one and two.

And for example, the next one, like now you might be wondering is having an idea or top skills enough. So instead of like, Oh, step three is that I use this as a connector. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

You're writing well. You're writing very well. I'll have to say. Can you hear me? Mm-hmm.

Okay. Your writing is very good. I think I agree with you. It's getting kind of long. You know what I mean?

Kind of longish. And I think by the time you're getting to the later steps, they're starting to forget the other step that you've already talked about. You know what I mean? Exactly. Exactly.

Exactly. Yeah. So let's make... I want to check something here. I'm thinking, you know, is there like a framework thing that I can insert?

So there's like stage one, stage two, stage three that can kind of simplify or... You know, it kind of is lacking something that can make people understand is what I feel. And also another challenge is because a lot of the steps name, I think it's the same sheet. A lot of the steps name is about steps. You know what I'm saying?

So like four steps to monetize. So I get there's steps to explain, you know, within the 11 steps, there's another so many four steps, three steps, two steps. So it gets so confusing is the... Yeah, yeah. That is my biggest challenge right now.

Yeah. Yeah, I get that. I get that. Yeah, usually if there's more than three steps to something, it starts confusing people, right? So let me look at your unique mechanism.

Yeah. I don't know if we should like rename some of these things so it's not like step-step or something or... I'm just like, I'm really not sure how could we simplify so that people understand it. I'm just like, okay, what do I do? Yeah.

Yeah, these, by the way, I highlighted it because I don't know if we should rename it instead
of just like persuasion or closing something. Yeah. We don't have a, I don't have like a new name, like how you made the, you know, skill value
assessment, those type of fancy name. I don't have it for those two. Yeah, that's okay.

That's okay. Let me write something down. A good, good morning, Toe. I see you there, by the way, or good evening for you, actually. Hello, Michael.

Good afternoon here. Yeah. Good afternoon. Yep. I just wanted to let you know, I'm, I see you there.

And since I'm done with bronze, I'll help you. Um, okay, so we've got identify mission purpose. There's a side to this. Um, let me ask you something, bronze, um, you see step two and three there generate ideas
for business and identify skills you can monetize. Wouldn't you say that those should be, I mean, I'm asking you, should those be switched in
order?

Um, like if, if I'm, if I'm, if I'm, uh, trying to find out problems that I can, that I want
to solve for people, find out what products services that I can offer. Um, so that three-step idea generator. So let's say I, I identify, um, there are people who, um, who really need help with, um,
I don't know, getting better, getting more sleep or something. Um, and that's, you know, but then I don't know anything about that. I don't, I don't know.

Yeah. You know what I mean? I think you're right. I think in the, in the, in the part that, in the chunk that I wrote, I was like, okay,
there's the three steps you can generate ideas in case you couldn't generate any ideas. The alternative was to do the skills.

I think we can do it in reverse or both can. Yeah. I think we can do skills first. And probably the ideas general. I think your right skill should come first.

What's the difference between, um,
finding a micro niche and generating ideas for your business, for a business? Um, I think generating, uh, generating ideas is like more, you know, broad sense. It's, it's, it's about why are you doing this? What are you doing it? And who are you doing it for kind of thing?

It's more like a general thing, but then niche is really like, oh, I am only helping. Um, I'm only, I'm only, I'm only, my, my niche is to focus on helping people in Hong Kong that is
studying in, uh, that is studying in a specific college, uh, who wants to learn English. That's kind of like that. And, and then there's like different elimination process during the micro niche finding where
it's like, okay, it's your location. And then there's like, who are the people you specifically target?

It's like a really, really, uh, detailed step to find your really niche versus the generation
idea is like very broad. Okay. Like a general thing. Yeah. Would you, um,
Um, do you position yourself after you come up with the program or the framework or you
do it before?

Um, I think, um, let me think. Um, I think the positioning, the reason why I'm positioning is here because the micro niche,
right? After they find a micro niche, then how do they differentiate themselves? It is to position themselves well. And at the same time, the program can still ongoing or you can still, and then you develop,
you know, you developed a program that fits your niche and positioning kind of, I don't think
they have to go one before and after.

Okay. Okay. You know, as long as they find a niche, they can already start building the program and
framework without having to position themselves. But once they start selling, then yes, probably they, like once they start communicating these
messages or once they start, you know, once they need people to trust them, they need, then
they need to position themselves well. I mean, if you position yourself and your business, right in your niche, what are you, how are you
doing that?

What are you telling them? Are you telling them that your system, your program, your framework is superior and better
and different? Is that how you're positioning yourself? Yeah. So basically we are, you know, in the three days event, we were kind of teaching them the
concept of positioning.

Okay. Okay. Like they probably wouldn't even know what is a positioning, right? They, they probably looking at the niche, but they wouldn't know, okay, having a niche
doesn't mean you have a positioning. Okay.

Like for example, this positioning is like India's first passion printer mentor. And so he's running a passion printer mastermind. But if he doesn't have this tagline to position himself, then people wouldn't see what he's
offered differently. Yeah, but okay. But when he positions himself, does he say that he has a system that's better?

That is, you know what I mean? I mean, how does he, what does positioning mean? Does he just say I'm really smart and I'm really successful? Or does he say that, look, you should listen to me because all these other guys say X, but
I say Y and Y is better than X. And so that's why I'm asking it.

Should the framework come first before you position yourself? Or I mean, I obviously you can, I mean, you can position yourself as an authority on a topic
before you have a framework. Obviously you can do that when you brand yourself. So that's what I'm trying to get a feel for here. What, when you're positioning yourself and your business, do you already have a framework in place?

Oh, so basically we, we don't want to delay getting out there in front of people just because you don't have a system built yet. Right. So that's, that's kind of what, and you know, it actually doesn't matter. Build your program. But to answer your question in a brief way, the positioning just means that, oh, I'm the only person that does this.

That's what we need to make people understand. The only person that does it, why? To does, to offer this. That's the positioning. To offer this, the framework?

I think so, yes. Okay. All right. Oh, I should change that. Well, that's why I'm, that's why I'm asking.

I mean, I just, I'm trying to get a feel for. Yeah. I think you're right. Yeah, because they position it as first, you know, India's first passion printer mentor and the program that he runs is called passion printer mastermind. So he positioned himself as the first mentor of his program.

So, yes, I think, and we have to come up with program and framework before the positioning. Hmm, then I would have quite a bit of things. I have already tweaked some of the order. But. Yeah, it's not, it's not critical.

I just want to. I'm coming, I'm trying to come up with a simpler way to talk about this is all. Build a program, framework, position yourself. Build a program, framework, position
asher. Thanks.

Thank you. Thank you. I'm coming, you're happy to take your time to provide a trust. Thanks. Thanks, everybody.

Thank you. Thank you. Okay, so one, two, three, four, five, six. Six. Okay, so here's what...

If I step back and look at your unique mechanism here, this is obviously vital. You know, discovering your purpose, your mission, what you like, what you're able to do, what you want to do, that sort of thing. But then these three steps are all about picking your business, right? This is phase one, picking your business. Phase two is building your business.

So you pick the business, then you build it, and then finally, you market it. So you see, you kind of have like three... I mean, in my mind, the way I'm looking at it is, what do I do? What do I do? What do I do?

Well, let's go ahead and use this six-step formula. It's foolproof. It works every time. And then you'll know. You'll have clarity about who you want to help, who you'd love to help, what you want your life to be like, how you can help people, you know, all these things.

But once you have that, then there's really only three phases, picking the business, you know what I mean, then building the business, and then finally, selling it or selling your stuff, marketing it, right? Because the last part, four steps to monetization, lead gen, creating a webinar, and then closing, you know what I mean? That's all marketing stuff. Does that make sense? Yeah.

So now, like knowing that, knowing that, that there's really, like if I were to explain this to anybody, that would be a lot easier than saying there's 11 steps to having a successful business, right? There's really only three things you got to go through after you pick, after you understand your purpose in life, right? And so, maybe that would be easier for you. So, I don't know, I don't know, I'm just suggesting that, I mean, what you're writing now is really good. I love the way you're writing.

I like the way you're writing it. I agree with you that it's getting a little bit long. And I don't want to start losing people, you know, especially when you start saying things that they've already understand or they know or that they've, you know what I mean? It's similar to the previous things. Like when you're talking about identifying your skills and then coming up with business ideas, you're talking about those things that they're very similar.

And it might be so similar that it's kind of starting to sound like, I thought, are we still talking about the same thing here? Is this something different? You know what I mean? I don't want them to start getting confused or getting lost in the minutia, right? Maybe, maybe a better approach to this is like three phases.

And you can still talk about identifying your skills and the business ideas and the micro niche, niche, you know? And like, like these people, the cold traffic, do they even know what the word niche means? Probably some people do and some people don't. The niche is like when people want to do something, they kind of always struggle with the niche because they, they kind of don't know what is their unique thing. Yeah.

So, yeah. So they would kind of have, some people have and some people don't. Yeah. So if they've heard of that word or not heard of that word, you know, maybe, you know, I worry that the words I use sometimes, oh, depending on the audience I'm talking to,
it might be something they've never heard of before, or they, if I'm assuming they already know what niche means, you know, well, you got to find your niche and what is that? And then you're explaining how to do it and they still don't know what a niche is, right?

I don't want that to occur. But anyway, I, it feels like maybe if you knock this down to three phases and you, you know, you like, once you know your purpose, which is who you want to help. And you, you, you, once you follow this, a six step formula, um, pain, passion, bridging, once you do the six step formula and you understand exactly who it is, you want to help, who you'd love to help. Um, you have clarity about how you can help others. You know what to do.

You have a vision. Uh, you know what I mean? Once this is done, then it's really just three phases, but what's unique about pain, passion, bridging is in the first step where you actually pick the business. Um, you identify, uh, it's, it has a built-in idea generator based on something I call a why, what, and who, so that you know what kind of problems you can solve for people. And you find out the, you know what I mean?

Just sort of like almost use these benefits as part of the explanation, you know, just an idea. Um, other than that, other than trying to make this even shorter, um, I, I, I like what you have it. Like you say, it's getting a little bit longish and I worry, um, I have the same gut feeling that you're having about it. You know, um, maybe instead of 11 steps or all these different steps as three phases, and you can say right up front what the three phases are. It's three phases, you know, you figure out what business to build, then you build it, then you sell your stuff.

So that's it. That's easy. That's that simple. Three steps. However, what makes pain, passion, bridging exciting is that in the first step, blah, blah, blah, blah.

In the second step, when you're building the business, pain, passion, bridging, blah, blah, blah, blah. And the third step, um, when you're selling your stuff by using pain, passion, bridging, you, um, you, you figure out how to go get the people that's called lead generation. And you build something called a webinar, which is like this thing we're on right now, you know, and that's it, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then you know exactly the words to say, this is called closing. And that's what it takes to get them to, you know what I mean?

Just three, three phases instead of 11 steps. Maybe that's, that would make the shorter and, um, easier to sort of conceptualize. And he, you could, even, even though you're building a script here, you could have, um, and like Adida is doing this. As a matter of fact, she's talking about Amazon and financial stuff and inventory and all of that weird convoluted thing. She's going to have just like an image.

And then the, her, her client, Mark is going to read the script while talking about the image. You know what I mean? So sometimes an image can, like, if you had a system of pain product bridging, right? It's like the, you discover the pain in, um, the, the first phase. And then the last pay phase is the, um, um, um, pain, passion is where pain, passion, bridging.

Yeah. I don't know. I'll have, I'd have to figure it out. Pain, passion. First is figure out the pain and then step, step two.

It's, I mean, phase two, it's a building on the passion. Yeah. And then third is a rich, the passion and the pain. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.

Okay. Yeah. So, and, and because you do that, um, the third phase is kind of easy because you're passionate
about it and it's, you're helping people with the pain and, um, they can see that, especially
in the webinar you create, they can see how passionate you are and blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah. Got it. Got it.

Cool. So I think what I'm going to modify is, um, I think I would still include those points,
but then I would move them under each faces so that it's, I could at least make like three
circle and explain the, Hey, stage one, stage, stage three, and with them still having those
like corresponding bullets and connecting each other. I think I can do that. I think that would make it like sound more simpler to understand. Yeah.

And then the other thing I would say is, um, make sure it's clear why that is called pain,
passion, bridging. It, I, I didn't feel like that was, um, clear in the 11 steps you were doing before. Oh, was I supposed to mention that? Well, I mean, that's a, you're teaching, you're teaching your, your unique mechanism,
right? Yeah.

Well, you, you, you were saying that that name is for like technical purpose. I know, I know, I know, but yeah, but the thing is we can, um, whatever we change it
to, uh, I mean, if, if you don't like pain, passion, bridging, and you decide to call it
something else, then, um, yeah, I see, I see what you mean, but you're, you're teaching
about this mechanism, pain, passion, bridging. So this, all of this is, this is what pain, passion, bridging is all of this stuff. So when you come down here to chunk zero, um, by the time they, by the time they, you
finish talking all of this stuff, right? All of these things, I want your prospects to go, oh, okay.

I get it. Pain, passion. I know what pain, passion, bridging is now. That's so clear to me. I see why it's so different.

You know, that's really all you're trying to do. And if you change the name of it, you're still talking about the same three phases. Um, so yeah, you're right. You might have to modify the words pain and passion in that, but, um,
um, so, so how do I insert more of the explanation of pain, passion, bridging in this thing? Does it, is it by like simply mentioning a few more times?

Like, I would start by saying, I would start by saying that, um, by saying that, um, okay. See here, you're starting to say pain, passion, bridging is basically, and you say this stuff,
replace it with something simpler, like a three phase approach to, um, you know, once you understand
what your passion is, um, you start, you start, you start off by saying pain, passion, bridging,
and, um, maybe, and several times in here, you mentioned the word passion, right? You talk about passion. Um, so it's probably fine. I think if you, vision and mission statement, because once you have it in the air.

Yeah, you, everything you write in here is good. This is good stuff. Um, you know what? Um, you know what? Yeah.

Um, yeah, you know what? I think that's good. Your idea is good. Um, if you, if you clump this into an image, like a three-step image, um, like, like I'll
show you Adidas. Um, like she's going with, um, so she has a drawing like this hand-drawn image, you know
what I'm saying?

Hers is very, very complicated, but the, the bottom line is if you follow this, then you'll
always have 30% margin. And so that's, might be something that, um, if you had a similar sort of thing, I just,
I lost Alex and I gained Adida. Hey, Adida. Hello. Wow.

I think that was. Um, yeah, so you see how that just kind of simplifies it. And then while, while Mark is explaining, you know, reading everything you have here, he's
got the little pointer. He can either be drawing it while he's talking or it can already be drawn. Right.

And that a lot of times of visuals are a lot easier to, um, got it. Because there's still, there's still things changing. It makes, it makes it, um, a little bit longer to create a campaign if you're worried about
making images and stuff like that. But I think in your case, since you have all of these complicated steps. I can make the simplest, simplest graphic.

I can just, well, I think what you're saying is it's kind of like those Russell Bronson
doodling is what, it's kind of the feeling that we want to add into it to make it, explain
it better. Is it? Yeah. Those things are great. He is like the king of those kind of oversimplifying things.

Um, he's, he's like, when it comes to taking a complex thing and making it simple, he does
that better than anybody. I know if you've read any of his books, it's like, he just oversimplifies things down to
the, you know, the, for dummies level, the idiots level, you know, guys like me, um, who
need simplification. I think I can model that. I will work on this one. This is fair.

Yeah. And so what would be, and that way, as long as what you write goes with the image, then
you're, you're good. You know, I, I think that that helps a lot. Yeah. I, I, I would certainly add a doodling.

Great. Great. And, uh, sorry, just, uh, one more last thing. Sure. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Could you take a glimpse into any of the chunk, maybe the first or second? Uh, I already got some of the, um, yeah. So I added a, oh yeah, good, good, good.

This is good. I like that. You spend an hour a day, five days a week to start with. Here's how, so it's a case study. I love that.

He's been working to account manager, paint, better being, uh, okay. Or yeah. So I love this. I love this. Yeah.

Um, with paint, better, but since six step formula product blueprint, you'll be able
to find your passion knowing how you can turn that. Um, what if I don't know what I'm passionate is? Okay. Maybe I should split this into two. Um, no, I would say with the, with the, um, okay.

With pain, passion, bridging. Yeah. You follow a six step formula. Product blueprint. So you can, and it's a foolproof way of discovering your passion.

Here's how. Okay. This is a video and a statement that I would say. Yeah. Here's the problem.

Here's the problem with this, with pain, patch, and bridging. One of the steps has a six step formula that you'll be able to find your passion. Even if you're not sure what your passion is, this will help you. And here's how Pooja Dalia. Did I say that right?

Was able to do it. So here, um,
Pooja just said, I was able to do it. She didn't say how or why she was able to, or he was able to, is that a woman or man's
name? She, she. Okay.

So here, she's just saying she is able to do it, not how she did it. And your claim is that there's a formula. So you can find, you know, here's how they was able to do it. So I would want how, how they were able to do it rather than they were just able to do
it because it doesn't really support the claim. Does that make sense?

Does she talk about like in this video, does she talk about how she followed that formula
to come up with her passion? Yeah. Yeah. So you could just say how, if you know, if you know how somebody has done that, or if
you just know the six step formula, you could even walk them through it. You could say, because the first step you do this and the next few steps you do this and
the last couple of steps you do this.

So you see, you can't not discover your passion if you do all six steps. But then if I'm doing the six steps, then isn't it that I'm giving away what the six step is? So what? So what? Isn't the six step is about the content?

Look, look, if you, um, Todd Brown, he, he wrote a book, E5 method book, everything is
in it, the whole method, how to do it, all the steps, all the nuances, everything is in
the book. Why did he do that? Because it's, it's not easy. People are intimidated, even though you, you're telling somebody that there's six steps and
here are the steps or that Pooja was, you know, here's what Pooja did. Pooja did this, this, and now she's like, um, she's, she's like the queen of Indian knitters.

She can knit and that's, she loves doing that, talking about that. It's her passion, but she wouldn't have known that if she hadn't done these steps, these
steps, or, or you could even say that now that she's, um, the most sought after, uh,
knitter in, in, um, in India, um, she's, she was telling me that if she hadn't done step
four and five of this step, six step system, that she would never have discovered that about
herself, right? Step five is this step six is this or something. You got to give them something because you're telling them, but even if you told them all
six steps, they're not going to do it there. You know what I mean?

It's like there, there is so much more to pain, passion, bridging than just discovering
your passion, you know? So that's what I would say about that. And you know what? I'm going to, it's, um, it's 10 till I'm going to move on. Okay.

Just cause Toe's been here for a while. And Adita, uh, she sent me something ahead of time. So I'm kind of ready for her, uh, Toe, do you have something, um, for me to look at? I sent you the email for step five, lead campaign. Okay.

Step nine. Okay. All right. Let's take a look. Hey, Alex, you're back, man.

Hey, yeah, but I had a power short, uh, outage. Okay, cool. I mean, not cool. Okay. There's new different way for you to find a hidden profit by at least 10% in a little
60 minutes.

It's called the rule dynamic thirds, very different from that you like food because
it's hidden profit. Okay. This is a scientific approach. Look at your business. I said, you'll see it's predictable and reliable based on it.

Numbers don't lie. The best hard, I guess, we're not any fancy tools, formal education qualifications. And you'll know how to find 10% hidden profit regardless of the status of your business. So if you want to, okay, Toe, the only thing I want you to work on is this paragraph right
here. And it's very different from the common methods you're likely familiar with because of how
I would find hidden profit by at least 10% is a little 60 minutes.

Well, by using a three-step, uh, three-step unique mechanism, I want, I get that you're
saying it's different because it's got a three-step unique mechanism. But really what we need to do is talk a little bit about, um, what makes you so different by the time
somebody reads this or by the time someone hears you read it to them, like in a video
or something, I want your prospects to go, wow, this is different. This rule of third, this rule of dynamic thirds. I've never heard anything like this. This is nothing like getting a bookkeeper or an accountant or, you know, using, just getting
quicken.

This is so much different than using quicken. This rule of dynamic thirds. I had no idea. You want them to understand that this is an exciting, different thing. And this paragraph right here, this one where it says, and it's very different from,
this is the most important one to do.

Right. And so what you can do is you can kind of look in your unique mechanism when we, when we unpack
that and figure that out. And you can look at some of the special things that we discovered about you. You know, I put them in parentheses in, in, uh, when we did that. And maybe you can like pick some things from that to talk about how you're different than
just using an accountant or just using a bookkeeper or using a software program or something like
that to do whatever.

You know what I mean? Does that make sense? Yeah. So can I, um, say I'm different because I, uh, because normally if people account and
they account, if they bookkeeper, they bookkeeper, but I have all three in me. I qualify in three level and I can combine my different knowledge.

Yeah. Yeah. Let's see. Yeah. That that's true.

But see, we're, we have to talk about the rule of dynamic thirds, not about you. How was dynamic thirds? Uh, you know, again, I want them to go, wow, dynamic rule of dynamic thirds. I've never heard of this and they can Google it. They're not going to find anything, right?

We already checked that. So we want them to say, wow, rule of dynamic thirds, not wow toe. She's amazing. She could do all three things. Well, that's, that's just you talking about how great you are.

And that's certainly something you would want to have on your website. You know, when you're, when you're saying, you know, call me because I'm a very accomplished,
uh, uh, bookkeeper accountant, um, business consultant. Right. But for this campaign, um, when we're talking about your business consulting, we're going
to be teaching them about the rule of dynamic thirds and how amazing and exciting that is. Michael, can you go down to the, down the page?

I list a number of benefits. So maybe I need to move that up there. Oh, I see. I see. I didn't, I didn't, uh, yeah, because the, you know, the way you have the template is structure.

I wasn't sure where to put things. Mm-hmm. Can you tell me that, you know? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay.

Um. Yeah. Yeah, we have a lot of benefits. Um, so refresh my memory toe that's this dynamic, the thirds rule of thirds is is about. One, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one, one cost of good.

Okay, cost of goods, expensive profit. But in here, we're not in real life. Not all business can meet the one first. That's why I didn't want to mention here. But I can mention the general formula is we aiming at one first.

Yeah, yeah. So, okay, okay. So I would say. So now you have what would you have is like, I mean, let me call up something here. Two of thirds.

It's got. Um. Um. Um. Um.

Um. Um. Um. Um. Um.

Um. Um. Um. Um. Uh.

Um. Um. Um. Um. Uh.

Um. Uh. Can we say that we combine a number of different KPI or something that's important to look
at the business, from accounting to marketing and other stuff? Yeah, so... Thank you.

You know how the headline, I tend to a diary of compounding errors. So can we say something different because it's a diary of a compounding error that we learn
from the businesses? And we put this together. A diary of compounding errors ruins business profit. And how these three steps uncover at least 10% improper.

Okay. That's pretty creative, a diary of compounding errors. I like that. Yeah, so... So this was like, you know, over more than a decade of the knowledge that I put in.

Oh, and plus various other people that I learn from as well. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, I get that. I get that. So like, what's really this dynamic rule of thirds.

The way I remember we talking about it is you have like, between like bookkeeping and analysis, and actually having like business consulting all mixed together. Right? Yes. Right? You're able to dynamically adjust the profit, the 30% that your profits to the 30% range and your cost of the 30% range.

What was the other one? And cost of goods, profits, and expenses. Right. Right. So those are all, those are all constantly changing, very dynamic day to day, but they, you control those, you drive those with using this rule of dynamic thirds approach that includes those three things.

So that's, in my mind, I see what's going on, and I see that it's superior to just bookkeeping or accounting alone. I just need to, you know what, why don't, why don't we, I would spend probably an hour on this call, trying to work this out. Why don't we get together this week sometime and hash it out together? You want to do that? Yes.

That's a good idea. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Because, and then I can look at it ahead of time when I'm not, I don't have, you know, all these girls watching me, you know, and like. You're shy. You know. And I, so, so it's like, I just want to have time to look at it ahead of time. And then when I'll get with you.

And we'll just knock this thing out. We'll just get this lead finished. Yeah. And move on to. Okay.

Yeah. Do you have my link still? Yes. I can book the appointment. Right.

Okay. Yeah. Do that. Okay. All right.

Alex. I can do something ahead of time. It's only to take a short while and then I'll get to you, but she sent it to me. So I'm just gonna. And if you're talking right now, you're muted.

So I can't hear you. Okay. You're muted. So I can't hear you. Okay.

You're muted. I still can't hear you. So I'm going to talk to Adita. All right. Hello, Adita.

Did you see any of my comments yet? This morning? No, I just had my desk. Now you send them this morning. Did you?

Yeah. Yeah. I got up early. I saw that. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I saw there were comments, but I didn't go through them. Okay.

That's cool. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay, so starting with chunk one, our favorite chunk, I was agreeing with you by the way
in your email here about a little too much copy for the second one, going about selling
fees and all that kind of stuff. So, like this here. Okay, so you talk about the big trick is getting it all together at once, which is cool, and
then you talk about what kind of decisions, and you start getting into numbers again,
which kind of makes me want to keep this image up a little longer. You know what I mean? But I was thinking, like here, the selling fees are 41%.

He's talking about if it's a little bit high, blah, blah, blah, and I was just suggesting
maybe that if, you know, you keep it like if selling fees are a little high at a range,
double check Amazon. Their AI robots change weight and dimensions for no apparent reason sometimes, and when
you correct one of these so-called mistakes, you laugh out loud because your program margin
instantly leaps higher. And I also want to make a note that you don't like in the adaptive decisions, there's nothing
in here about checking Amazon. I thought you might want to. Yeah, so that was going to be my other question after, yeah.

Yeah, I would just add one more, one more circle here. So, no, so it's, if we go that route, then it needs to be Amazon fees and also add spend. Okay. Yeah, so, so my, I was going to talk about it. Um, so this, this graph at the moment only has like decisions that, that the seller is,
um, mo, you know, most in, uh, in control of.

Just put them all on there. And that's product, uh, costs, cost related decisions. So that, initially that graph was about that, but then I was thinking, yes, I mean, there's
ad spend and then, then there's Amazon fees, you know, we can include those too. Yeah, but yeah. So just put it, you put those, because you're talking about it.

You're talking about the Amazon thing and you're showing them this image and there's
nothing in there about Amazon. Yeah. They're going to be looking around for something about Amazon maybe. Yeah. In which case then you need to add ad spend as well.

Yeah. Yeah. It's not like it's decisions. I mean, it's mostly just checking Amazon and checking the ad spend. Then if the ad spend is above the range, then again, there is a set of further decisions.

Um, you know, so it depends on what we want to, yeah. Yeah. And it just keep it that simple because you're, this is just a big overview. It's not like you're teaching, um, them how to do it, you know, like how to set up their
spreadsheets and, uh, uh, like here, um, instead of having a percentage and I'm just saying,
you know, you got to check, double check Amazon. Sometimes they make a mistake and then also I'm trying to cram in a benefit as much as
possible.

Like up here, what, with all of this stuff that I was doing before I was putting benefits
in here as I'm going, um, like when you have a, how much you really want to put in
your pocket, um, any less, no less than 30. So how much do I really want to put in my pocket? Every time someone hits buy button, that's kind of a benefit you're like sneaking in, right? Those are the kinds of things I like to do. Look at this diagram.

It shows you this. And when you look at your expenses, um, see if they fall in, there's no benefit mentioned
here, right? And the trick is you take a look at all at the same time. Um, most sellers look at selling fees today and product costs, maybe tomorrow, maybe the
end of the month. No, you look at them all at once.

Um, so your profitability media, so you do that. Oops. So you do that here. So your overall profitability goes up too, right? That's an example of getting more benefits in there.

And so that's what, instead of this here, um, I just try to cram in another benefit. Does that make sense? It does, but then, but then there are other things. So, I mean, there's other decisions. Amazon is only one and we already, I know I get that.

So, and then you have this, um, and speaking, uh, options for dressing product costs and
they're still looking at this, right? Yeah. Um, it might sense in a negotiate manufacturer. So you have product costs in here. Um, well, that's what I mean.

Um, this is, this is, this is those, this graph is about those decisions, the, the, you
know, um, next step decisions. Yeah. You know, so if we see that a product costs are too high, can we talk, can, can we try
and, uh, talk to the manufacturer to about, you know, lowering the prices. Um, and that's what that graph is about, you know, factory customs. Yeah.

Um, yeah. So like, uh, and so, um, addressing product costs, if they're too high, you might want to
talk to factory. You might want to do shipping and packaging. Okay. You know, actually, so what I'm thinking, maybe this paragraph about selling fees needs
to go up and needs to be talked about while showing the, the first graph.

Okay. Maybe. And then, and then also touch on the ad costs. Okay. Still looking at this.

Yeah. Yeah. When it comes to product costs, then the other graph comes in. Perfect. Perfect.

Perfect. Yeah. Stellar. That would be stellar if you could do that. Yeah.

And you don't even have to use numbers. Exact numbers. Like instead, like I was saying, I said it was 41.3, you know, if you're selling fees
or greater than 40%, even if it's only 41%, right then, um, or whatever. And, and thing is that any of these can actually go even above slightly, but if the margin, I'm
happy that they are below 70% or cause I asked, I asked Mark to give me examples of what to
do when ad costs are too high. So he says, it depends.

Maybe it's only once. Then I'll, I'll check it next week. You know, and if it's, or if it's the, the overall expenses are below 70%, then I'm still
okay. You know, I'll check everything's correct, but I'm okay. You know, so you could even say that when talking about ad costs, but the point is you're
looking at it all at once, all at the same time.

You're not looking at ad costs without knowing what the fees are or the product costs or your
profit margin is. You know what I mean? Why even look at ad costs? You know, do you even care if it's 16% if you've got a 40% profit margin, pay 25% ad costs. You know, I mean, it's like, you can't make that decision unless you have everything in
one view.

Okay. That's okay. Now, so all the, all the categories go for this graph and then the second graph is specifically
about product, uh, related decisions. Yeah. Perfect.

That, that's exactly what I would do. That's it. That's even better than what I was thinking. Actually. Um, I like that.

And then done. And then you're done talking about it. Cause I, I want them to say, uh, and then come back down here to, uh, and then all of
this stuff. Yeah. It's just notes.

Yeah. But, um, even the stuff down here, step three, step four, step five. Um, I would even oversimplify that as well. I know these are notes, but this step one, step two, these are not notes. Are they?

They are. Oh, they're just notes. Everything, everything below the line where I say notes. Oh, okay. Okay.

Yeah. All right. So you can just, I didn't want to get rid of this. I wanted to have this in front of me. Okay.

Got it. All right. Yeah. I think that's a better approach. Um, chunk number.

And you said chunk number three and 10, right? Yeah. So the ones with the asteroid. So three. Um, again, this is how long does it take to get to 30%, right?

So, and you're, you, you were saying things about, um, once your data is a hundred percent
accurate and I like, I like where you're going with this. Um, I was saying, I suggested that, um, the best part about adaptive profit sprints is
that you only have to go through your number crunching pain one more time. Right. Like you were saying, once you get it accurate. Um, but there, if you say that you only have to do it one more time because you satisfy
a system, the system with a hundred percent accurate numbers in a couple of weeks at most,
which means you replace your weekly expense chain, uh, checking.

You substitute monthly fee and profit calculations for the ability to spot check product at any
time benefit. You eradicate the need to X. You exchange the old way of doing a with Y. And once that magic, a hundred percent accuracy happens and you collect 30 days of data in one
convenient place, you take control of your profitability a couple of times a week and steer it in one
direction up so that I'm trying to, what I was, um, suggesting is maybe comparing. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. And then for number 10, um,
Uh, how many people, yeah, I was struggling with this one too.

Um, because I like this argument here. I like your proof. I like the proof. It's the claim. I was having a hard, I agree.

It's not, um,
Um, and I was, I was starting to write things like, um,
things like, uh,
you know, if you're, if you're like 90% of my Amazon selling friends and you don't know
anything about, and you, you don't have a degree in, in business, you don't have, you
know, you're just doing it to get, to have a better life for yourself. Then, um, you're like me and you need, um, you're like me and all my friends and you need
a, see, and I was starting to struggle. I was starting to go off on this weird tangent. Um, so,
Um, and it can feel like a complete mess right now. I would say like the, the, will it work for me and how many people have been able to do it?

Um, the claim could be all my, um, all of the, everyone I've shared this with, all my friends
I've shared this with have been able to achieve 30%. All my friends using this, everyone I've shown this to, every one of my friends I've shown
this to have been able to get 30% profit margins. And just like you, they don't have a business degree. They don't have, they're not accountants. They're not bookkeepers.

They're not, uh, yeah, we have a claim about, uh, well, I need to enter a lot of data or
do I need to be, uh, yeah. So maybe you don't even need this claim. Uh, I mean, the part about, about, um, yeah, I don't know, maybe you do. So, so this is the claim is what I was struggling with. I like your proof.

I struggle with the claim. Yeah, so the, the, the one below the little line is the old one. That's, that's something I want, I'm changing, but the one, but this one wasn't, isn't a good
item. So. Yeah, that's good.

That's better. Um, how many people have been able to reach 30% profit or work for everyone? Yeah. So the nature of the question, why they asked it in the first place is what I was worried
about. I wanted to be able to make a claim that would satisfy them.

Um, you know, yeah, maybe let's say, will it work for my specific niche, like my specific
business or my specific products or my specific stage of the business? Um, um, um, um, um, or my size of the business. So, um, adaptive profits, prints, maximize profit margin for everyone, regardless of X, Y, Z. Yeah, regardless of the size of your business or, well, Mark was saying, this is not for complete
beginners. This is for, I mean, it probably would work and help them, but in terms of are they aware
like, what does he mean by, what does he mean by complete beginners, like more than 10 products,
more than a hundred products?

I think he, he was talking about, let's say being one, you know, in the business for one
year. That's what he mentioned, but I, I don't like, as in, it's already like an established business
rather than just somebody just trying it out. And, but I think it's more what he was saying, maybe in my head is more related to the hook
itself. Maybe it won't even hook people, you know, like the headline, you know, complete beginners
home gets through the headline maybe, but if they're already reading this, then maybe
they understand what this is about. Yeah.

I, you know what I would do, I would get clarification on what he means by anyone who's been in business
for a year, you know, like how many products are you talking about? I was in pro I was in business for more than a year and the most number of products I had
was like four, you know, and I was still overwhelmed, but I was kind of lazy about it. Um, but, but if he, if he's talking about people with hundreds of products or dozens of products,
or at least a dozen, like, what does he mean? So, okay. So actually I remember some, some stuff we talked about.

So remember the first thing we, he thought he would be leading with the angle about with,
with more of market awareness, people who already want to, they know they want to manage their
product costs better. So we, we, we took, we went to a different level with the, with, with our big idea and
with our promise, we started talking about the profits rather than the mechanism itself. So maybe that came from his thinking that if people know they want to manage their costs
better, they already know that it's difficult, that it's messy, that they are trying to avoid
it. They've tried it, but if they're not getting anywhere, it's too time consuming. They think they are taken away from income producing, um, activities, um, you know, so those
kinds of people already would be in the business for a while to be aware of that, this issue,
but, but, but now we took everything to the profit.

We are promising, you know, 30% profitability instead, rather than just to manage the costs. Got it. Um, that's why. Yeah. I see.

So. Okay. So, so it's fine. So I don't know. So this, this gap question came from the guys on the call and may, for me, maybe it's more
like, you know, does it actually, does it actually work?

Is it going to work for me? You know, how do I know this works at all? Like, did it work for enough people to prove that it works at all? And it will work. Yeah, exactly.

I think that was the nature of the question. You know, is there a track record? Do you have any kind of track record here? Which he, he, he does with a few people, not a whole lot, you know, but the track record
is good. Would you say it's a hundred percent for all of the people he's shared it with?

Yeah. Yeah. Um, so you could even make that claim that adaptive profits, what, um, spreads have maximized
the profit margin for every single person who's, who's used it. There is, there is one case and we talked to this person. So this person, he, and I don't, I, I don't know what relationship they have.

They, uh, this person is an Amazon seller and he's a successful Amazon seller and he has
a big business and he has a lot of time freedom. And the problem that he, he is aware of is that it's, so he hates the day once a month. He hates that day when he needs, he, he knows need to sit at his massive spreadsheets to sort
these costs out. He does it, he does it, he does it, it works for him. He knows what to do.

The problem for him personally is that he hates that day. It takes the whole day. He needs to schedule it. And he only has this work, uh, worksheet and he wished there was automation. And Mark was saying that he, he did share his stuff with this guy, but for whatever reason,
he's not using that.

Uh, maybe he, you know, Mark didn't articulate it as well or whatever, whatever the reason
is, but I know this person already aware is aware of the problem and he hates a day when
he needs to sort this out and all he wants is more automation, an easier way to do it. You know, instead of spending a day, maybe spending an hour, you know, doing it. So. Got it. Okay.

Yeah. So, um, you could, so he's still kind of using it. He's just using his own system. He still collects all that data in one place. Well, true.

Yeah. Yeah. True. You know, um, it's just that he doesn't keep it all in one place. He has to go to different places every month and bring it all together.

So basically he does, he collects all the data. He gets everything accurate and he does a series of profit sprints on that day. Right. That's what he's doing in real life. And then he just lets it all fall apart.

And he does the whole thing all over again, the following month, instead of getting it
all in there, maintaining it, and then looking at, you know, once a week, looking at one of
the products or looking at her. And yeah, and the other thing is that he gets those surprises that, you know, because he
only does it once a month, he gets surprises about his profitability and the chain, the
changes in the shipping costs that he wasn't aware of that happened two weeks ago and so
on. Yeah, so he would have found that out sooner. Yeah. Okay, I'll, I'll, I'll have a think about this.

So I'll be on the call on Wednesday again. Okay. All right. Mark is traveling now. And I mean, you got to reprieve for some stuff from him.

Okay. Got it. Okay. All right. Your turn, Alex, man.

Thanks for being so patient. Yeah. Here we go. No worries. Thank you.

No, I was here mainly to, you know, to, to show down there, you know, you're still alive. Yeah. I had, I had one quick, quick question. It was this. I keep receiving emails about the copywriting workshop that Todd did.

And I was wondering, can I, do I have access to it in the members? Yeah. Hold on. Let me, let me check something. You're in, in coaching plus, right?

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You have a, it should have been put in your, in your, in your Todd Brown. You know, the, he's got the coaching portal and he's got all his training stuff, all the
stuff you buy, you know, he's got that portal as well.

Right. So that's where it should be. It's not in the coaching portal. It should be there. Should have it.

Should have access. Let me see. I, I, I didn't see. So, um, um, there's two links. There is portal.toddbrown.me, right?

Yeah. And then there's e5coaching. Yeah. So you want, you want portal. Portal.

Okay. Yeah. If you go in there. Yeah. It's there.

The copy. All right. Easy. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Okay. Found it. Thank you very much. Okay.

So, uh, yeah, we're, um, we just did for, for a client, for an agency client, a million
dollar launch. It's pretty huge. Right on brother. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Oh man. Is that the same, is that the same one you did, you talked to me about last time? I don't know if I was talking to you about it last time, but yeah, it was like a half
a million or something in Italy.

So it's a much smaller country. So amazing. Awesome. And we, yeah. Use a lot of the principles that you teach.

So thank you very much. Yeah. I did the same thing with the mechanism that you did with mine. So yeah. Amazing.

Um, yeah. So now we're, um, uh, moving along with the, uh, E5 campaigns for, for our own, um, um,
um, marketing for the agency. Right. Yeah. And then, yeah, things are progressing quite like.

I would, I wanted to go faster, but we are getting so, you know, swamped with clients
that we cannot promote ourselves. Nuts. A good problem to have. It sucks being you, man. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good problem to have. Yeah.

So, uh, yeah. Amazing. So, uh, if you want to, if you want to keep going with, um, with the other guys, uh, I'm
happy with that and I'm happy to listen. Okay, cool. Well, I'm glad this stuff is helping you out, man.

Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Um, I'm, I'm probably going to sick, uh, um, Lizzie on you. She, she collects testimonials.

She'll probably call you up and say, Hey, uh, you know, Michael said you having some
luck with E five stuff. So, but yeah, his copyright, listen, man, um, in the copywriting workshop, I would say
for you, because of what we've been doing together, you could skip like the first three
quarters of it and go straight to the last quarter of it, where he gets into the cop,
the writing stuff. Okay. You know, it's probably stuff, you know, a lot of it, but maybe not the first three quarters
of it is really, um, an in-depth discussion about E five, because that's so central to
how he writes copy. Um, but it's stuff, you know, already.

Okay. Great. You, you know, uh, in fact, uh, you know, uh, you know, uh,
all of you guys on this call probably know 90% more than what most marketers, uh, out
there doing, but, um, that's the first three quarters, skip that and go to the last quarter. Um, and, uh, if you get going to spend time watching it. Great.

Okay. Thanks a lot. Okay, brother. Hey, Tom. Hey, man.

Hey, how's it going? Yeah. Good. Yeah. Good.

Hey, that was great to hear. Oh yeah. Yeah. Hey, well done. Yeah.

Alex. Alex is crushing it, man. Yeah. Not too many customers. Not enough time.

Hey, well, you know, get off the course. I'm making some money, man. That's brilliant. Well done to you, man. That's brilliant.

This guy's a genius. Mike. Um, it was just a quick one. Um, I'm free later. If you want to chat as well, if you're free, but, um, next bit.

Um, for me now we've done the, we've done that offer. Okay. We got the sent offer. Um, I'm trying to remember. Let me look at the last thing I did.

You were doing the lead. We've done the lead. Okay. The lead's done. Is that right?

That's, uh, let me just check. Sorry, man. No, it's cool. I was just, I was counting them up the other day and I've been through 103, um, clients so
far this year. Cool.

It's all running. It's all running together. It's all remembering exactly where you are on mine. That's absolutely fine, mate. That's fine.

All right. See, so let's check here. Check here. Yeah. So now the next stage is your, yeah, we did the lead lead is good.

Um, next thing to do is to move on to the marketing argument. Right. Yeah. So that, and so that is, um, and since we have bronze and toe and Alex here, um, let's
do a quick, uh, quick brainstorming of your, like, um, uh, claims, right. And, and, and you're, um, right.

So refresh our memory, everyone's memory here in case they haven't heard it. What is your thesis statement? Okay. So you can make an espresso martini in, uh, 25 seconds without a coffee machine. Okay.

So the, the fastest way, let me just, let me share my screen and we'll just type it up
here. Hold on. Okay. So, um, I want, um, I want, um, I want, I want Tom Collins. Which is a gin based cocktail, but this is an espresso martini, right?

And we want, okay. So your thesis statement is the most effective or the, or the most reliable way. What was it? The most consistent, consistent, consistent. To create a, and as little as 25 seconds is with, as by,
is by, what was it?

Static filtration. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. I've got, I've got confused in the thesis statement and the, the promise.

So, yeah, that's. Okay. So now here is his thesis statement, right? So what I want from all of you guys, you know, the drill, um, we want to talk about what
questions you have in your mind, like reading this, like what, what objections do you have? What questions do you have?

Like for, for me, I would say, um, um, um, um, um, do I need,
I need special equipment. Yeah. Okay. things like that anybody else come on um michael it's a 25 second what happened if it's more than
25 seconds if i shaking her or the pole sets oh okay does it overcook or something oh okay okay
got it good one
yeah good is the um you know consistent definition already covered
is it consistent for your flavor my flavor or what is consistent okay i'm just wondering
i don't know if that is a claim or not
cool um
what age of um bracket or well do people drink this um martini the audience
yeah certainly over 18 in england
but yeah so what's the question again to i'm trying to
uh with martini you know with every drink it always represents some your status or your wealth
for example john new walker is something else you know when people drink john new walker or drink
cocktail it's so you your wealth or your your age oh oh your social life okay
okay so um another thing i want to point out about this is that his audience is bartenders
oh okay okay so that's the those are the people who are going to be seeing this
or bartenders
this is good though if we open it up to direct bc this is interesting anyway no it's not useless yeah yeah
that's good so they might flick a christmas offer as we're getting close but anyway
it's going to get one camp but bartender it also have a audience as well so that's another audience
is that right um i didn't understand you you know how this the audience for this is bar attendance
bartender right the bartender is selling the alcohol or cocktail to another audience sure
so do we need to mention or tell the bartender the audience
um i i don't know tom i
um i don't see i think the bartenders like it is they're like secret kind of this is how we make
them really quickly i'm not sure they're going to advertise our product as such but it doesn't mean
they won't induce it if they're asked i suppose yeah um yeah i think i think they're
it's more about that's on their menu as a menu item like you know a mojito you know passion
fruit martini an espresso martini and this is an enabler to achieve their menu so they might
you know actually now that she says that i'm wondering um uh will this um expand the range of
clientele who want espresso is this uh just a way for like specifically just for
espresso martini or is it similar stuff that can also create other things so there's a cold brew
coffee there's a cold brew coffee so we cold brew coffee for 26 hours and then we um we add a bit of
vanilla um sugar syrup into that and basically that is the basis for an espresso martini you don't have
to pre-batch and and pre-brew and wait for an espresso to chill so you literally just you just add
this to your house vodka or whatever shake and serve and you make the perfect espresso martini
so that's kind of the product oh will this work for me if i'm just starting as a bartender yeah
fantastic um you you have this kind of um there's two types of routes and especially one is oh no i
prefer to do it all i brew my own thing and and i brew my own coffee and that's how i am that's great
and that's this kind of like um one approach which is all right for slow moving bars or that one-off
one-to-one interaction but as soon as we hit busy and we need to start making lots of drinks and and
actually serving lots of customers then um what do i do then and well actually why don't you try the
best cold brew on the market which is our stuff so um it's you know you'll always have someone
or want to squeeze a lime and someone will buy something squeezed oh your product is the brew coffee
it's the cold brew coffee all done in a bottle cold brewed but it's an espresso strength it's really
strong oh yummy yeah so it's a really strong espresso strength it's not like a normal cold brew
which you might drink which is very nice to drink but by the time you add that to the martini
it's very watery we've got an extremely strong well-brewed cold brew which is ready to go i
thought you were selling a recipe but then you're actually selling the coffee yeah well we're selling
the static filtration which is the in the medical i'm just getting my head around this which is kind
of the recipe but then i end up buying the coffee right it's a recipe for coffee i mean it's an actual
coffee yeah see this is what static filtration that's the thing that makes it possible to create
a lightning fast martini that's always the same always consistent right but i'm i'm still not
understanding so the the product is a done already done coffee or is it a recipe for the coffee
the the equipment he's trying to sell is that right no we're see here's let me let me straight
hold on a second guys hold on a second so um what's what's difficult here is he's selling a product
but we're not talking about the product we're saying if you do static filtration
okay your espresso martinis you can make those 25 seconds and they'll always be consistent
if you use static filtration okay to make it easy yeah and that's what we're not going to talk
about but that's not what that that's the that's the point about this whole marketing thing i'm trying
to get my head around you don't talk about this talk about how we got that in there how many can i
make though uh that you can make 10 15 out of these okay how many seconds how many five seconds
perfect like a bartender smashing perfect foam wonderful flavor you make them a home make them
a bartender make them in a bar so how many can i make using static filtration
or how many can i make with 25 seconds i mean i don't know you could probably make two if you wanted
to if you you can load two up into one shaker and pour two out a good question i'm sorry i like i know
zero things about these things that's why it's nice to ask you as well because you know it's good you
don't know ask the honest questions what's in your mind when you do it every day you're like surely you
knew that okay cool
um what's the percent of alcohol there's none in this because it's just cold brew coffee oh okay
but there's enough caffeine in one espresso martini is twice red bull twice the kind of red bull
in 150 mil shops it's got some real buzz to learn sorry is it difficult to learn no 75 but yeah
yeah is it hard to learn how how how many times do i have to make in order to make a successful
consistent one okay one yeah it's good how many times like if i'm you know if i just try to start
making it you know how many times i would have to try in order to like get it in 25 seconds cool yeah
like do i need somebody to teach me i mean i don't know
like would i get to see like demonstration or something yeah
what was that last one bronze uh yeah do i need to see like demonstration i think you covered it
yeah those are good yeah those are good um
all right i wanted to ask about like could i customize it but that's kind of about the similar
question with consistent i don't know if the flavor can be like customized yeah yeah that's a great
question that's a really great question can it be customized can um
all right so tom um the next step for you like um like i was saying is let me just check this right
quick quick you're on step nine or ten you're on step 10 you're on the last step right so for sure
take a look at this training by todd about the um their campaign argument okay yeah and then one of the
things we're going to do is um we're going to look at these questions and some questions you come up with
based on knowing your pro knowing these bartenders the way you do yeah like um uh yeah like another
question might be well like stop control how fast can i get it how many bottles in a case
um you know all those sort of there's loads of others obvious stuff is there
well those are those are about your product right oh right yeah about static filtration
okay yeah like so about static filtration uh you you're going to come up with other questions so
what we do is we take um like uh like these two questions here and probably some other ones
and we'll look at those and we can make a claim that answers those questions about static filtration
yeah right we can make a series of claims yeah and then we'll build out what todd calls cpb chunks
which are just ways to support those claims right as we educate people about this this stuff
about these great uh about static filtration cool man so you might end up with um i mean you would you
might make all of these into claims or you might end up with like three or four or five or six you
know just as long as by the time you i mean in the lead right we got people excited about static
filtration they're like wow this sounds different what is this so then you start teaching them about
static filtration and they're like oh cool yeah yeah yeah cool okay i get it now and that what they
i get it now that it's the most consistent way to be able to create a martini in 25 seconds i get that now
cool yeah as soon as they say that in their head and you might not have to make a ton of claims
you might have to make a few but these questions will like help you at least to kind of maybe some
of these things that your prospects would ask um then that's that's when you're done that's when we'll
put the sent offer presentation in there right does that make sense that makes sense yeah so i'll have
a play at that and then um yeah great i'll come back to you so do that and email it to me and we'll set
up another call brilliant and i've got one book with you anyway tomorrow nine or something or 10 30
or something anyway so i'll see them and i'll make this i get this email to you before okay cool all
right guys nice to meet the rest of you nice see ya all right so let me look at my calendar here i've got
i got tom and toes and i got toe okay so you guys are set up we're ready to rock and roll um any more
last minute questions for me yes bronze just want to show you a brief i was just modifying it
do you find it do you think this thing looks more clear now i mean randomly put
um yeah like break it into four and for example like stage one is all about knowing what business
to start so i put like what business to start and then like three-step idea generator skill value
assessment something like oh yeah yeah you see how that and then he can be talking about it
and as long as he doesn't talk forever and they have to look at one static image for more than
you know several minutes right and he gets on to stage two and then stage three then this is good
this is fun the whole idea is that um you keep the screen changing normally when we'd have a black text
on the white background um every few seconds there's new text new text that they can read
that they that keeps them on the thing well this i mean he you can populate this bullet and then that
bullet you know stage one uh blah blah stage two and as long as he keeps moving then it's it's okay
yeah because i might still i think initially i mean i don't know when is it that he might got time
for video but i definitely will have a you know text version and that's where i probably use this graph
that's like a start yeah that's fine yeah you can start yeah that's perfect and it's gonna be long
form then yeah yeah so so i i would start saying um you know like first is about following the six
step formula and then go into the stages that is fine right yeah okay cool all right you have to show
the image first and then explain it because i'll look up and down look at it yeah that's good
okay okay okay oh my god alex we good
are you good alex you're not paying attention all right i'll talk to you tomorrow too
and uh oh you're welcome you guys have a great day bye thank you bye-bye bye
