---
title: "Foundations  2022-04-04 07:00:27"
date: 2022-04-04
duration: 35m
duration_seconds: 2103
vimeo_id: 695607994
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations  2022-04-04 07:00:27

**Date:** 2022-04-04 | **Duration:** 35m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

How are you? Okay. I'm doing good. Good. Okay, so I appreciate your kind of warning that I shouldn't give up if it doesn't work the first time.

Let's have a look why it doesn't work. Yeah, so I haven't received any calls or bookings from what I've been doing now. Let's update the ads. So I spend another, what is it, another, let's say, $200. It's updating.

And I changed all the ads according to what you suggested. And it's exactly $200. How interesting. Let's see. Let's see.

So it looks that from this I have 37 link clicks, which is not so much, I would say. And, yeah, most people dropped off pretty much at the beginning. So where shall we start? What shall we do? The link clicks are going straight to the sales page?

Yes. Okay. So 37 link clicks, and they drop off really soon? Yeah, let me check that as well. So that is since I restarted the ads.

Okay. Since we talked last week. So I updated, and I think from Wednesday they just started to run again. So it's still very little, I don't know, budget per ad, I would say. Maybe $2 because I created all these variations according to the training of John.

Yeah. Who's back? Who will be on the call tonight or today? Yeah. I'll join that as well.

But I thought, you know, you have some insights on the, maybe we have to change something in the VSL or, yeah, let's see the video. Shall I share my screen while I do this? Let me share the screen. So this is the last 30 days. Let's give the date.

Okay. Last week was the 27th. So that's since last week, since I restarted the ads. Oh, yeah. Okay.

And this is, they're skipping the traffic cap page. Yeah. So should I put this one first? Maybe they don't have time right now to watch such a long training or so, or? Yeah.

Is this, is this, are most of these mobile? Oh, I don't know. How can I know that? I don't know. Is there anything in analytics that tells you?

Maybe in Facebook. Okay. So Facebook shows that there were 37 clicks. So I don't know how we get to 500 visitors. Oh, no, we did.

That's really, that's really a mystery to me. How we have so many visitors if there were just 37 clicks in this time space. So Kartra is telling you, this is a new funnel in Kartra, correct? This is the video. This is the engagement on the video.

Right. Okay. So this is the only video. Here I said, okay, it's this ESM. When did you start this test with the new ads?

After I updated last Wednesday, I would say. Oh, I see. Okay. I got it. So you've got.

That's 27th to the 4th. That is weird. 483 visitors. Do you know when Teddy's tech call is? I think Friday evening.

Maybe there's another one. He has two of them. Hold on. Let me check. He has two.

I can check as well. I'm here on the page. Okay. Here is Wednesday evening. Wednesday at 6 p.m.

Eastern. So that's like midnight for us. Where's that? Right? And Friday is like I draw the state to midnight.

But Friday at this time, I have my family over always. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, no. That's 3 a.m.

That would be now. That would be like now. Or is this a mistake? 3 a.m. This is so weird.

Maybe that's a mistake, right? Oh, that could be. Maybe that's a glitch. It's usually at 6 p.m. our time and 12 p.m.

It's noon on Friday. It's Eastern. Yeah. So that's 6 p.m. our time.

Yeah. Maybe it came to Europe. I don't like that would be a good time for me. That's so weird. I'm going to have to figure out what's going on.

But regardless. Do you think it's possible to schedule with him something? Yeah. Let me. I want to send this to.

Go back to your image. The cartridge. Yeah. And show me. Yeah.

Keep it right there. So I want to do a screenshot so I can send it to Teddy. Because. Wait, that's the last 30 days. Let me go back and create this from last.

Okay. There we go. Okay. So. Oops.

All right. So. Copy. all right so i'm going to get that to him today
um i'll make sure he sees it when he wakes up
uh yeah that's it that's there's only 11 see there's only 11 plays here there's not enough
data but i would say that's horrible data yeah that's like for i mean we spoke about this a
little bit that if you skip the traffic captivation page the audience is going to be is not going to
be as good right that is but um only 11 out of 400 that's weird and you get 32 clicks
37 what's that 37 okay so
seven that's 30 percent
of the people clicked on started the video
and you actually say it's a video in the ad so they know it's a video
um yeah so the 30 percent makes more sense
um because a lot of times when people are are in facebook and they they click on an ad they're
they're reacting to the um the image that they see you know what i mean and they and they think oh
who's this and they you know they almost don't even uh read it you know um sometimes some do but that's
why the conversions are always less yeah we skip the traffic captivation but but that's okay
we know that um it gets we get more people to see the sales page than we would if we use the traffic
but that that 400 more than 400 people landing on the page uh do you have
you stop your other ads right the ones that were um like the the only the only way people see this page
right now is through the the new ads correct right now yes so i don't think it it can be 400 something
if just 37 even clicks on this so that's that's unusual and i wonder if it's um
if it's um box or something if it's what traffic but that it seems excessive even for um
um facebook bots you know and whatever
so what do you suggest well there's not enough data for one thing only 11 only 11 people have seen the
the the um the page right i've seen the video that's last week but altogether we have now around
55 or so which is still not enough i know still not enough i mean if you had if you had like
50 have seen the the sales page um and nobody has opted in yet if one person had
then that would be like a half a percent you know yeah right well from from the 55 no no actually if
one person that would be two percent if one person clicked and and and signed up that would be two
percent which is amazingly good but you see that's just there's not enough people there to really
count count that one person as you know i still wouldn't even count it as two percent as the sample
size is too small
so shall i increase the ad spend which you know i want to i don't know what
i i that's what i would do but i want you to talk to john first because um
um if it were me if it were me running this for a client myself that's what i would tell the um
the media buyer or whoever's on this team i would say look we have to have 100 people
see this message before we can make any decisions right i mean one sale would make up for
the um definitely yeah yeah so
and you have it's a high it's a high ticket offer that you yeah i can even spend two thousand i just
don't want to spend two thousand if it's not good i understand i understand yeah so i would run this
by john um but that's what i would say you don't have enough data keep running traffic should you
increase ad spend um ask him because i that that's something i don't know because of the way facebook
is behaving right now you know so at you know ask john i'm sorry to keep to keep pushing you off to
john but um it's kind of important if this is where this is where my expertise starts waning and his
shines you know so um but i i would say that i would not change anything i would not change the lead i
would not change the headline until i get 100 people going through your campaign message
would you tell we maybe put them to the opt-in page first
so we at least have the email i can do some follow-up
or no not now um well you had you did that at first right didn't you have an opt-in page before
we have one and we didn't work on it really so it has the same title and it has a video that
doesn't specifically mention the unique mechanism because i we created the video before i started
working on it on everything here okay so we put we would have to redo the video which
is possible um and then they can you know opt in to see the video you would have to refresh my memory
why you would have to redo the video oh because of the the change in the the message to name the
promise and the unique mechanism like the promise is there but to not i don't know how specific and
the unique we didn't call it memo framework back then so yeah but you said you did talk about
you said a seven step or a seven yeah we did was it yeah so that's okay and you don't you don't have
to name memo framework you just have to imply that there's a mechanism that's new that's different
something they haven't seen before and that's it all of that comes all of that can come out in the lead
right so you wouldn't i don't know i think that was also your your feedback that it didn't
specifically say that new and and different oh it didn't even suggest okay i i can't remember um
can you show that to me again you're often yeah let me show it i mean i'm i see so many i'm sorry
yeah yeah yeah i don't even remember it myself because we did so many other videos in the meantime
let me just grab the link somewhere there we go
in the future um
when you do these um
when you're going to show off things like you're showing this to me now well this just
as far as carta or as far as facebook knows there's another hit i mean you know what i mean they think
that um a lot of what i do is i will uh just do an image of all my pages when i'm showing them to
people but but let me see the headline
the seven mental moves that's fine and i said it was not fine
no you said the video that i just like you liked it but i didn't specify it's just about four minutes
or so okay the video didn't call out how it was different yeah it didn't okay
shall i run it yeah run it
my name is billy neal and i'm the co-founder of the effortless sales mastery in the past few years
hundreds of thousands of hopeful entrepreneurs have ditched their nine to five jobs to start their
own business and i want to give you a free training about seven crucial mental moves you
need to master in order to consistently enroll high-end clients effortlessly every day and i'm
going to give it to you for free i know that your education business or marketing experience doesn't
currently generate the number of sales you've envisioned to make and you probably don't and
haven't enrolled the number of clients that you've imagined that you would up until this point
and most entrepreneurs have invested a tremendous amount of time and money in their education and
business only to realize that now they've got the additional and mostly new role as salesperson but
no real guidance on that or maybe you have invested in sales training and you've done everything you're
saying all the words but it's just not connecting with your clients right that's why i want to give you
this free alignment training to effortlessly close your sales con conversations and this is going to
help you generate a stable income for you and your business so that you can actually work and thrive
in your business and you won't spend thousands of dollars in fact i'll show you these seven mental
moves so that you can align yourself to the enrollment process for free and you can get into the vibration
of effortlessly closing without paying your first penny so just let me know below which email address
you'd like me to send it to and once you've confirmed receiving the email you'll be you'll be taken to a
page with the training where you can also download a set of free sales affirmations and you may be
wondering why i would give all of this stuff away for free and the reason is i see so many coaches
consultants and entrepreneurs who could and would like to create a tremendous impact on so many lives
and the only reason that prevents them from making that impact is because they haven't mastered the
mental side of selling yet and it's tough my heart goes out to them because i've been there before
right and if you find value in what i'm showing you we can see if you'd like to deepen your knowledge
and sales and potentially raise your hand to be working together look every week that goes by and you
don't enroll clients on your high-end offer which by the way we can also help create together is a wasted week
the sad thing is that so many entrepreneurs and coaches are on the brink of giving up or losing their
business altogether just because they don't figure out how to effortlessly enroll a client so if you've
had enough weeks months or even years without consistent sales now is the best time to start
enrolling people effortlessly and if for some reason you decide you you don't love my training or the
affirmations you can simply unsubscribe at any time or just leave the website there's no risk to you at all
right so if you want to see how you can align yourself with the sales process in order to effortlessly
do this and really get into the mental side of selling not just the tactics but the mental side
right tell me which email you want me to send the sales affirmations and the overview of the seven
mental moves that must be mastered on every sales call and look if you love it who knows
you might just start to enroll clients and like maybe today right so if all this sounds good fill out the
form below thanks okay um
yeah i would you know what you could use that you could um that's that's fine he talks about the
seven mental moves he didn't he didn't talk about um how they're superior to other things really but
that's okay he talked about these seven mental moves so there's clearly some kind of mechanism going on
um and you you could leave that video in there or you could just have uh or you could also test just
the headline and an opt-in form uh you know and a button to click to to fill out to you know what
what i mean so it's just just the headline and a button you know watch the free training now
um but that's let's talk to john i would say uh if you want like that that curve that you showed there
was only 11 there's only 11 people watching if you had 100 people watching and you had a curve
like that it would be horrible right i mean it you like in the first minute or so you lost most of
them there was only like you know like 20 or something that actually watched the the lead
of course that's only like two people because only 11 people click so it's not enough data but i mean if
if 100 people looked at it um that i'll tell you you know mark giver to the guy you've probably seen
him he's he's the one with the um the photon infusion blanket that you have and that you know that guy
he had 50 50 people saw his video and then he got up to 100 and it was a completely different curve
a completely different curve because presumably over that time facebook figured out his audience
and it just got better and better right and so that 100 people ended up being like a really nice
curve and what you have now is uh probably learning pains from from facebook with your new ads but
so that's not enough data facebook shows that it's learning okay
what are the what are the convergence just people um getting to the thank you page or getting to
uh your your um your sign up page you mean on facebook or where yeah it's a conversion is it it's a
conversion goal is that correct uh yeah yeah so how do you know like what what um what activates that
conversion link is it from well i don't know if i installed that correctly or so i just
you know went with the facebook thing you know went with the facebook thing
but if they like there is only a conversion i will see that they have booked a call
yeah but how do they how does facebook know it's a conversion
um i don't know um i don't know how they know
that's also something i should talk with uh because they ask you know what pixels to put so i said
conversion like sign up i think application submission or something like this submission form
so is that there's a pixel also on the submission form
well i cannot put it there because it's a calendar thing but i did put it on
on the thank you page or the next page okay okay so that's probably how they know that's some
that's something else that that john needs to look at make sure you have that set up correctly because
facebook needs to under understand when you say conversion it means they've gotten to the thank
you page but they only get to the thank you page if they actually fill something out correct correct
book the call yeah there's no way to put a um to add a pixel to the the form to the um
i didn't find maybe that's another question for teddy yeah who are you using for
signing up is it oh it's everything in cartra it's everything oh
okay got it
yeah that's a question for teddy i bet
so i i have to assume well i don't know yeah yeah that's a question for teddy john will probably
know too because when it comes to putting putting pixels where they should go i mean john knows that
stuff he has to with all of his clients he has that's critical that all of those pixels and all that
stuff is set up correctly so you'll ask him that specifically when you talk to him
i bet
i bet when you added the pixel to cartridge it got put on all the pages even the sign up page
even the calendar page i bet it's there but john will have to look at that because we because
facebook's trying to learn it you have to make sure that it is learning the right thing yeah
okay
okay so i'll ask him also about the pixel ask him about the pixel ask him about your numbers ask him
about um opt-in um should should you have should you have an opt-in page with just a headline or is
that video okay um the the videos it's okay i thought um tip when we do a minimum viable
funnel i don't have a video i typically just have the headline and a button that they click and it
opens up an opt-in form that's that's typically what i have for a minimum viable funnel
do people really sign up if there's just you know oh yeah yeah yeah well if you think about it
it the the people who click the ad the ad is for people who want to have better um
have a better sales experience be able to close people on the phone if that's what they want if
they're desperate for that if what they're doing is just not working then yeah because in the ad you
say there's training on these seven mental loops there's training on this thing this new thing
what's this new thing if they want to know they're going to opt in now once we yeah so once we um
and that's that's how you test the the big idea and the um the headline
and the reason i usually don't have a video on the opt-in forms because i want to know okay it's
my idea it's my headline it's not the video that got the opt-in it's not the handsome guy
talking it's not the the music in the background it's not the polished look of it you know i want to
know that my message is what's getting the opt-in right and i try to get 30 i shoot for 30 25 30
and we get it all the time with just a headline button opt-in form opt-in form that pops up when
you click on the button all the time okay and the video would make that better or worse potentially
you don't know you don't know you don't know uh it it makes it harder to
it makes it harder to know that it's your headline and your message
that is giving you the opt-in right and not also the video right you don't know you don't know if it's
it's there's a lot of factors that people will opt in for well if the only thing available for them
to consider is your headline then you know that they they either opt in or they don't if they do
okay good my big idea is good then you know you're you know what i'm saying
otherwise you're thinking okay was it my big idea or was it this guy in the video
because he he basically has a whole lead he basically says a whole lead right in the video
right and then you go to your video and there's another lead you know what i mean so they're getting
two leads you know if they in the lead on your sales page if they're thinking look i've already
heard this all right come on get on with it teach me already you know um that's another thing when you
get to the sales page if there's a large drop off at first you wonder okay is it because i'm repeating the
the lead twice i'm forcing them to watch it two times once on the opt-in page and once here
you know what i mean so that you have to that's like an extra thing an extra piece of um data an
extra variable that's like contaminating the minimum viable funnel for for testing the the marketing
message and you know i will say that that john when he looks when he looks at this stuff he's going
to want to optimize because you know he's all about optimization and so he tends to think that way
and i tend to think okay test the message test the message um so make sure you say when you tell
them make sure you tell them this is a minimum viable funnel okay this is i'm testing my message here
so that he he understands that
okay okay okay
isn't this fun
isn't this fun yeah well i'd like to have some results then it's even better i mean it's fun but
you know so we've been working on this and then there is not like the data as you said it's horrible
i'm like huh but i think it's really good you know so maybe it's not i know i'm compromised on this
um yeah so okay i understand so maybe you know the opening of the video has to be different or any other
like what's the difference why is it good or why isn't it good
yeah yeah but yeah we don't have enough data to really say but i i like to leave so i think
i think if people are people who show up on that sales page truly want to be able to close people on
the phone and they're also into what you're into and i think it's a it's a compelling message
so facebook's learning
okay so at the beginning okay i'll ask john so at the beginning it's always the data is worse and
then as facebook learns it will get better yeah yeah every time i see it every time okay
okay okay then and then i'll connect to john later today okay all right talk to you soon
okay
okay
