---
title: "Foundations  2021-10-11 06:58:53"
date: 2021-10-11
duration: 2h 1m
duration_seconds: 7286
vimeo_id: 628951626
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations  2021-10-11 06:58:53

**Date:** 2021-10-11 | **Duration:** 2h 1m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hello, Michael, how are you?

I'm doing fine. Let me change the name here on this thing. If I can figure out how to do that. Rename. Here we are.

And there's Lisa. Okay, I just sent in the SNI for you to have a quick look. I haven't finished it. I haven't finished it, it takes longer than I expected. Hold on just a second.

Let me figure out what's going on with my video. Something's not working here. Maybe if I closed down here. Maybe if I closed down other things. Let's try that.

Okay. Can you hear me? Can you hear me? Can you hear me? Can you hear me okay?

Yes, I can hear you, Michael. Okay. Okay. You can hear me. Good.

Well, we'll just try it without video. I don't know if you can see me. I can't see me. I can't see you, but it's okay. Okay.

All right. We've got. So did you want to share your screen or something? Because I don't see anything that you sent me. Okay.

I just sent it. So probably haven't gone. There it is. There it is. I found it.

Okay. See attachment. See my attachment. Is it the. Is it the.

Okay. Got it. All right. I'm going to try to share my screen. Hopefully this.

Oh, that's not going to work. Do you want me to try on my side? Hold on. Hold on. Yeah.

Try on your side. There's something. I'm not sure what's going on. I think it's my computer. That's.

Bogged down. Okay. Try to share your screen. Sure. I mean, I can see the document that you sent me.

New share. No, I already share. Can you see it? No, I can't. But.

Lisa, are you able to see what toe was sharing? No. Um, no. Um, no. Also, I can't figure out how to log in on the internet.

When I go to Todd Brown. I can't find any login spot. Okay. I'm like, really? All right.

Sounds like there's. But I couldn't see you. Sounds like there's a lot of technical issues going on right now. Isn't there supposed to be a place where it says login. Um.

For. For. For. For. Just to get on this call.

On the Internet. I could do it on my phone. Yeah, there. Um, I could do it on my phone. Yeah.

There, um, I have to do it on my phone. Yeah, there. Um, I can't, I can't figure out how to log in on the internet. When I go to Todd Brown, I can't find any log in spot. Okay.

I'm like, really? All right. Sounds like there's a lot of technical issues going on right now. Isn't there supposed to be a place where it says login. Um.

For. For. Just to get on this call on, on the internet. um yeah there um i mean yes you should be able to get into the portal and log in that i mean log
into the portal and then click on the um the zoom call to start uh but hold on a second
well i don't know where that is yeah all right but i can do it so you can't see what toe is
sharing correct no i just see some symbols okay all right toe well i can see your um sin offer
that you just shared with me um so let me just look through that right quick i know you can see
yours and i can see yours and even if lisa can't um so we've got most effective way to increase your
profit by at least 10 as little as 60 minutes is by the using the rule of dynamic thirds um okay so
one on insider insider business insights one-on-one coaching meeting call so this first deliverable
is that just a single call with you uh it can go on for months it depends okay got it um and you've
got micro business package which is on my website
okay your website or the website you create for them um my website at the moment i have those four
packages the micro yes hold on hold on so this is so this micro business package meet your obligations
get on top of things want to cash more so what what do they get from you um i i can't get a small
business like they need their tax done their best done their obligation you know or anything they need
for example software issue or if i can help them i help them so it's running of a business a basic level
business a business plan
you
you
Lisa, I think Michael jumped off or something happened on his side. Yeah, it looks like he had some problem.

Should we lock out and try to lock in again? I'm just gonna hang on. You could try that and we'll see what happens. Okay, I'm locking out then. No, it doesn't allow me to lock out.

Do you want me to go out? I can't even get on on the internet. It's like I can't handle all this. Okay, I just try ending. I said leave meeting and then I come up with a few options.

I don't know, I'm the least technical person in the world. Believe me, I can't even get on on the internet with my password. If you want me to log out and go back in, I can because I'm trying it on the internet. It said my invalid username and password. I can't even get in on the internet.

And there he is. Michael. Okay. Okay. I can see you.

I can see your picture. Okay, you can. Okay, I just can everyone see or hear me now. I can hear you. Okay.

I can hear you. Okay, how about you, To? She was having problems. I think she said she was going to log off and I can't log on on the internet with my email
and password for some reason. Yeah, I mean on the on the laptop.

I don't know why. Yeah, hold on. I'm going to have to. I'm going to have to. I'm going to have to.

I can see your picture. Okay, you can. Okay, I just can. Can everyone see or hear me now? I can hear you.

Okay, how about you, To? She was having problems. I think she said she was going to log off and I can't log on on the internet with my email
and password for some reason. I don't have to. Yeah, this is really strange.

See. Okay, so. So. Oh, boy. Barrels of fun for everyone.

So I really hate the computer. I told you my dream is to throw it out the window. That's why I want to do my course just on the phone. I want to go wrong with. Yeah.

Yeah. And I studied on the phone coaching for seven years. I never. We never had a problem. We all dialed into a bridge line.

And that was it. Since I've been doing zoom. Every zoom call is always like, oh, can we see this? Are you here? And it's.

I don't. I'm not impressed. Hmm. Well, I'll have to say that in a year and a half since I've been doing these zoom calls. Mm hmm.

And I've done hundreds of them. This is the first time I've had a problem. Well, it was coming. Oh, I'm actually. I'm actually on my phone right now.

Let's see if I can. Yeah. I just think the phone is so much easier. Because I just went to Todd Brown login to see things on the computer and said my username
and password wasn't correct. My username is my email.

I mean, so that I mean, my email and password, which doesn't make any sense. Okay, now let's see here. All right. Oh, are you there? Yes, I can see the screen you share now.

Good, good, good, good, good. All right. So I'm on my phone and I'm on my computer. So. All right.

So let me just call this up here. So you have for. So. What they're going to get. Actually, let me ask you something, too.

Are they going to have to call you first? In other words, are you are you going to have a are you going to have something on your website that shows like packages and they click something and then they pay for it right on the Internet and or are they going to have to talk to you on the phone first? They talk to me on the phone first because the package I didn't put down a price. Okay, got it. Okay, got it.

Good, good, good. So. And what it in the package is. All this. Right.

Got it. Yeah. So the good news for you. And hold on. Let me switch headsets real quick.

Let's see if I can do this. Can everyone hear me? Yes. Okay. Yes, that's better.

All right. You can hear me. But also, Michael, can you remember you mentioned before that we're going to create a landing page. Yes. And I think offer I refer to the website to give me more information.

It doesn't have to be send the client to the website if we're going to develop a landing page. Yes. So yeah. So for you. Remember on your website, you have the one of the options they can choose is going to, you know, talking to you about consulting.

If they click on that and they'll go to a page and that's the one we're going to create. That's the one where we're going to talk about your method for for helping them do something. And then when I say do something, I'm trying to remember now your primary promise. Can you refresh my memory as to what that is? Primary promise, increase your net profit by at least 10% in as little as 60 minutes.

Okay. Okay. Got it. So, yeah, beautiful. So you are going to explain.

You're going to explain your method for doing that. That's going to that's what's going to be on the landing page. Right. And so once they understand that method, that mechanism for achieving that profit in just a few minutes, then that's when you'll make your sin offer and your sin offer. It's not all of these deliverables, but it's actually the phone call that they're going to make with you that is going to be your sin offer.

Does that make sense? So what's on the phone call then? So, yeah, so we're going to so instead of deliverables about the kind of things you're going to give them. What we're going to do is create a sin offer and you're going to deliver. You're basically going to deliver that mechanism to them over the phone, you're going to explain how to get that to them into their business as quickly as possible.

Yes, I think depend. For example, on the phone, probably it will be end up if they are in local in W. I, you know, like me where I live for within one hour drive. I will try to set up a meeting. Okay.

Go over everything on the phone. That's another option. I think it better. Oh, okay. So instead of a phone call, an in person meeting for local.

Yes. Okay. Email or can be on the phone. I don't mind whichever is suitable for the prospect. But regardless, they're going to have to get, they're going to have to talk to you first on the phone, right?

Either they talk to me or they can email me. We can give them that option as well. Okay. So if they email, email you. See, here's the we.

Okay. If they email you, then what do you do? They email. Normally they ask for the appointments. So we schedule an appointment.

I send an email back and say, is this time good for you? Okay. And then, and then I can, you know, ask them to, if they say, okay, I can ask them to get all the document ready, because at the meeting, we're going to go over it. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Well, an in person meeting. I suffice. Yes. Yeah.

Got it. What's that? What do you think of that idea? I think, I think that's really great. But I, what we have to do is, what is your unique mechanism called?

What did we come up with that? What is. Uh, dynamic something first. Let me say. Yes, that's right.

That's right. The rule of dynamic third. Yeah. Rule of dynamic thirds. So, once you, once they've read your campaign on your website, all about the rule of dynamic thirds.

And they understand that the rule of dynamic thirds is really what they need is in order to get net profit. Um, by at least 10% in as little as an hour. Right. Yes. Um, once they understand that, then they're going to want, they're going to want to find out how they can start doing it.

They want that. They want that. They're going to want that 10% right now. And so that's when you get. So that's when you get, that's when, that's when the sin offer is a phone call with you.

So you can get that to them as quickly as possible. And that's when you explain it and when you can set up that personal meeting and everything. And that's when you do your, your, your sales meeting and you close them over the phone. Right. Or, and email is kind of tough because it's, it's really hard.

Wouldn't you say it's harder to close someone with an email than it is with, um, over the phone, actually talking to them. Uh, when you say close, is that close for a meeting or something? Yeah. To actually set up a meeting. To actually have a meeting.

Um, what I found is that on email is a lot easier than phone call. Because that gives them time to think about what if I'm more flexible for them. You mean, what do you mean more flexible? You mean the time? Yes.

Uh, and then more reliable. Uh, whenever I have email, I find that increasing people sending email for a meeting instead of a call. That would call. Well, how about this? What if you had a, um, what if you had a, uh, like a scheduling app that set up so that.

Instead of sending an email, they just click on a button and go right to your schedule. And schedule. Yep. We can try that. I mean, that would be, um, plus that way you could give them instructions.

And you could, um, you know, tell them what documents to prepare. You could, um, you could even make part of, you could even make an email follow up as part of that. Um, but they would, they would choose the time, the time that's best for them right from your calendar and you wouldn't have to. So I found that, um, when you have to email back and forth several times, uh, to try to work out what time is best for you and what time is best for them. It makes it, um, it's more difficult and you, you lose more conversions that way.

Whereas they can, if they go to a calendar and they can look at all the times that you are available, they can pick a time. And then you just send them a message, say, great, I'll be at your, uh, place of business on the date that you chose. And please have the following documents ready. And, um, we'll get you at least 10% by the time we're done using the rule of dynamic thirds or whatever. Does that make sense?

Yes. But on this calendar, can we be specific and say that if they are from overseas or if they are three hour drive from my place or two hours, I'm not going to have face and face to face meeting. Oh, I see. So, oh, okay. So you want options if they're, if they're near you.

Wow. Why? If they're too far away, that means I'm going to lost a whole day, these, you know. Yeah. Um, well, you can, you can, you can target ads to geographic locations.

Right. So that, I mean, if you, if you targeted the people in your area, then no one else would see the ads. Right. Do you do that with Google now? I mean, who, how do you target your Google ads now?

Uh, at the moment I hold off on doing Google because I want to focus on, you know, the E5 first. Okay. But in the past, how did you do it? Did you? I can't get in Perth the whole lot.

Okay. And sometimes I got people from overseas clients in South Africa and Switzerland as well. How did they see the ad? How did they see the ad? I have no idea, but then, but I got, I still have client from over there.

I would say. That's, that's weird. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.

Hmm. Okay. So I, um, in the past I focus on, I target, say I'm do only Australia tax return. So people always say who have property here, they manage to find my, you know, my business
and contact me. Yeah.

Got it. Got it. And everything is done by email. Okay. Well, let me ask you to, do you still have my schedule link?

Yes. I still have. Okay. Okay. Set up a time this week and you and I one-on-one will go through your, your sin offer and create
an offer that is, um, and we'll work that out.

You know, this is going to take some thinking and some planning because you have, you have
sort of a weird case and I, I want to spend some, a little time with you, you know, working
out whether like, um, how we're going to do that on your webpage. You know, if you have local, like, uh, you might want to, you obviously want a different
kind of offer for somebody who's local as to somebody who's across the ocean or whatever
out of the country from you. Because, um, I mean, if they're Australian, right, but they're living somewhere else and
they have Australian taxes and other thing. What's that? Some of, some of my clients live in Eastern state.

So to see them, you have to fly over there a few hours flight. Oh, I see. I see. All right. Well then, um, yeah, let's get on schedule a call with me and we'll work out this sin offer
because this is, this is unusual and I want to be able to get to, uh, Lisa and bronze here.

Okay. And hello bronze. It's been a long time. Yeah, it's been a super long time. Okay.

Um, Lisa sent me something, uh, ahead of time and, um, uh, she was here earlier. So I'm going to go ahead and talk to her. Actually, you can go with bronze. Cause I'm trying to, I just wasted a whole lot of time trying to log in and taking care
of that. So if you want to go with bronze first, that would be good for me.

All right. Good. Get more settled in. All right. Thank you, Lisa.

Okay. Bronze. Let's just catch up here and let me, let me change my name to, so you, so you know who
I am. Although I know, you know, it was two, two of you earlier. Yeah.

Yeah. I had some, zoom was doing a weird thing and I had to, um, sign on with my phone temporarily. So I can still talk to people, but I think my computer's calmed down and I'm back in business. So how can I have to you? Right.

So, um, actually I don't know why, but every time we're on the last step and there's some
more other important thing came up. So the campaign never really got finished. So, uh, I think last time we spoke about the, um, so I'm still working on the same thing,
still working on the sales page. Um, the last step that I think we left off last time was the, um, campaign argument. Okay.

And, um, and I just probably need your little help. Um, you know, sharing with me, what is the next thing that I got to need to work on? So, you know, um, I mean, I don't know how much you remember about this thing, but basically
we already worked through, you know, the, the first, these chunk, you know, prospect,
competitor, uh, product promise, unique mechanism, all of these are kind of done. And then we were just at, you know, it were just at the campaign argument and I think we
were, you know, I listed down some of these questions earlier and then we list down some
of the claims and then I kind of, you know, put them down here. Um, I just need, you know, I just need something to, you know, get me put back straight here.

What is the next thing that I need to work on? That's that's okay. Pain, passion, bridging. This is all coming back to me, boy. It has been a while.

It has been very long with pain, passion, bridging. You can spend an hour a day, five days a week. Okay. So go down to chunk two, um, with a six step formula and product blueprint, you'll be able
to find your passion knowing how you can turn that into product. So six step, six step formula and product blueprint.

Okay. Those are part of pain, passion, bridging. Correct? Yes. Okay.

Yeah. Okay. So in that case, um, okay. All right. Go to step three, uh, chunk three.

This will work for you regardless of your background education, having talent or not, no matter how old
you are. Okay. Chunk four. You don't need to invest a lot of money to start this business as long you have internet
access, a smartphone and a laptop. Okay.

Um, you can be an expert within three to six months. An expert what? Uh, that is your passion in your domain. Ah, okay. Um, an expert at your passion.

All right. I would just make that clear, but I mean, I'm, I'm not, I don't know if you're talking
about become an expert of pain, passion, bridging, or an expert of what they're passionate
about their business or, you know, what expert of what? So, okay. All right. Chunk six.

Chunk six. Chunk six. That's all. Chunk five chunks. Okay.

So, um, you're looking for the proofs of these. I would say chunk number one, um, is, uh, really, uh, and you can call it chunk zero. If you don't want to change the names of these, but, um, chunk number one should probably be,
uh, actually go down to chunk number six, just go down to chunk number six and type in,
into the, um, gap question. Uh, what is. Pain, passion, bridging.

Oh, right. And then instead of claim and proof. Um, it's, it's not, it's not so much claim and proof for chunk number six there. It's actually describing and explaining what pain, passion, bridging is because after they
read your lead, they're going to want to know what pain, passion, bridging is. Correct.

That's the first question. You've just gotten them so excited about it. Well, this is cool, but what is it, right? What is this pain, passion? So in this area is where you describe, you know, paper.

Let me explain to you what it is. Well, it's this blah, blah, blah. And you talk about pain, passion, bridging. Now, when you spend, remember when we unpacked your unique mechanism together and we came
up with like a zillion benefits, you know? Yeah.

Um, this is where, yeah, go, go to it. Yeah. Go up here and see all of these benefits. So you've got the steps and all of those benefits. So you're, you're, this is, this is what would be fun for you.

Um, you have to describe or explain what pain, passion, bridging is and get all of these benefits
in there as you're explaining it. So that's, that's the fun part. And that way, excuse me. And that way, the remaining chunks can be very short. You know, you don't have to say a whole lot.

Hey, Alex. Hey, good morning. Hi guys. How's it going? How's it going?

Um, does that make sense bronze? Yeah. Yeah. So chunk one, the first chunk, I mean, we'll just call it check number six for now. You can sequence them later as to where they should be sequenced, but, and we want to talk
about this chunk first, but, um, the, what is it chunk is where you describe what pain, passion,
what pain, passion, bridging is, and you bring up a lot of these benefits, get them really
excited while they're learning about pain, passion, bridging about what it is, about why
it works and how it works.

Um, you also bring into light these, um, these, uh, benefits, right. And you have that look like, how am I going to do that? But it'll, once you start doing it, once you start getting into it, it'll, it'll be easy. And if you want, um, we can get on a call together and I can walk you through like how
I might do that. Uh, it's, it's one of those things where, um, I'd kind of have to, I would like look at
your thesis statement.

I mean, not your thesis statement. I would look at your unique mechanism and I would just like, come up with a plan. Okay. How am I going to explain this? How am I going to teach this?

You know, what, how am I going to do that? Right. Um, but right here for proof and claim, you could just say reference the unique mechanism. Yeah. Yep.

Um, and then, uh, and for benefits, I guess, if you want to say, um, bring up several benefits
while explaining pain, passion, bridging. Right. But I, I, I just somehow feel that I've already seems to be using, uh, you know, these like
in many different other places. Yeah, I know. Uh, that's why I'm not using this one long form anymore.

I'm, I've broken it down into individual forms, but, um, like if you go like, like, what are
you saying that you've already talked about a lot of these in the lead? I think the lead, but probably somewhere around like core product. Um, Oh, in the, um, got it. Got it. Yeah.

Yeah. Seems like I've had a lot of those type of things when I work on a core product and I
kind of pull a lot of things from there. Yeah. So you don't, you don't have to do the same things. I would say for the, the core products and stuff like that, that's where you picked out
your best, your best, um, um, benefits, right.

Okay. The best ones. I mean, I'm as I don't remember, but I would have to go back and look at, look at it. Yeah. It was the, it was the best bullets.

It was the best bullet that I pulled. Yeah. So you, as you're explaining what pain, passion bridging is, here's the thing. Uh, the point I'm trying to make is that as you're explaining what pain, passion bridging
is, don't just make it some long discussion or explanation or the steps or whatever without
introducing benefits as you're doing it. You know, like the first step of pain, passion bridging is a X, Y, Z.

Um, this is how, this is why it works so well. And the benefit of that is, you know, blah, blah, blah. Plus you'll also be able to this. And every time you X, you'll be able to Y. And then the second stage, the second part of pain, passion bridging, we're going to do
this.

You'll do this and you'll, and you explain that step, which is, which is great. Which is great because now you don't have to worry about benefit and you get this benefit
and that benefit. So you see how you can just sort of like, as you're explaining why and how pain, passion
bridging works so well, you can introduce all these benefits as you're, as you're talking
about it. I mean, the, the other, uh, what most people do is they, they get really technical and very
explainy and very, um, I don't know, detailed about how their thing works. Right.

And it ends up sounding like just sort of a long, boring, um, I don't know, like a, like
something you'd read in a textbook. Right. And the whole purpose of the marketing argument is to satisfy the logic part of the brain,
but also keep the heart, the emotions up the whole time. Right. That's really our goal is keep the, um, emotion and the desire up for this mechanism for pain,
passion bridging.

And the only way to do that is by constantly reintroducing all of these benefits. It's okay to matter of fact, the, um, the primary promise is a big benefit, right? That's the biggest benefit of all. It's okay to repeat that one often as well as bringing up some of these other benefits. Right.

Got it. So, um, I think what I could do is, um, you know, putting out the, you know, structure,
like this is the first chunk and second chunk explaining, you know, this chunk is what it is
and what is the benefit of doing that. I think after I finished that, I can, um, you know, keep you to review. Uh, the only thing that I am not very sure is that right here, I was just putting out the,
like the headline, but I didn't really define them into stages. Well, look at this.

Look at what we, I'm going to remind you what we did with this mechanism. Now you see how you have generate ideas for business. Yeah. Right. Well, I mean, everybody says to do that.

Everybody says, identify your mission, generate ideas for your business, position yourself,
monetize stuff. Everybody says to do that. That's what that's an everybody's mechanism, but that stuff in the parentheses next to it
are specific ways and special ways that you guys, so generate ideas for business. Like in this step, what you, what you'll be doing is you'll be using something I'll call the three-step idea generator. Um, and which is all about uncovering the why and the what and the who.

So that way you find out problems that you want to solve for people. And you find out what problems and services that you can actually offer. Right. And you find out, um, actually who you want to serve. Right.

That's the beauty of this step to generate ideas for business using the three-step idea generator. So you see how I was just, um, like I explained it. And I, I, I mean, I, I said what it was and what you do and how you're special because you, this three-step idea generator. Right. No one else is doing that.

And then also the neck. And then after that, we're going to do, um, we're going to find your micro niche. Right. And it's actually a very specific proprietary four-step vetting process. Right.

And here's the step, step one, two, three, four. So that way you, you, when you start working on your business, you know, it's going to be a business. You're going to love. You're going to be able to charge a higher price because blah, blah, blah. And you'll be able to track qualified leads instead of tire kickers.

But you know what I mean? So that's, that's where I'm using like as many of those benefits as I can. And while I'm describing this step of the, um, uh, pain process or your, your mechanism,
bridging something, something bridging. So, um, cool. So then because I just count, I have got like almost 11 of these.

So I'm just going to have like 11 paragraph explaining all of these things. Is that right? Yeah. Yeah, sure. Yeah.

Just start by saying this is an 11 step process. You got it. And it's 11 steps because, you know, starting a business takes a lot of steps, but I've narrowed
it down to 11 here's step number one, which is blah, blah, blah. And then in the parentheses, you know, you talk about how you're different. Like step one was, um, something.

Okay. 11 step process. Yeah. So. Great.

So obviously this chunk is going to be really long, right? Hmm. Now scroll up a little bit. Let me look at chunk five. Okay.

So now this, although the rest of the chunks can be short, like one of the things they're
wondering is, will this work for me? Um, and so. See with pain, passion, bridging, you become an expert at what you're passionate about in
three to six months. Um, so this claim should probably be something along the lines of, um, like, uh, three to
six months, even if you've never, um, even if you don't know how, uh, even if, even if
you're old or young or I don't know what, why would they say that? Well, why?

Oh, go. Cause I'm not good at anything. Oh, I see. Okay. Yeah.

So you become an expert at what you're passionate about in three to six months. And they say, really? And the proof is just something quick. Like, yeah, because as you go through these steps, these pain, passion, bridging steps,
I explained before, don't you see how, um, you will be like anybody who spends that much
time when their passion becomes an expert at it in, in no time or something. I don't know what, it just has to be a really short proof.

You don't have to have paragraphs and paragraphs and paragraphs like you do with, with that first
chunk, chunk six, right? It just has to be long enough so that they, you know, nod their head and think, okay, yeah,
that makes sense. Uh, you don't have to invest a lot of money. In fact, most people don't spend any money or most people spend as little as X number
of dollars, or you could say, or you could even have testimonials like, um, many case
story studies, like, uh, um, Adida from Germany. She started one of these businesses with $20 in a laptop.

And, uh, um, um, and Tove from Australia, she was able to start her own business with
a hundred dollars, a laptop and this, because I don't know, it's just a quick proof. You don't have to go into, you've already explained everything about it. These are just answering little questions that they have in their head. Got it. Got it.

Cool. Sounds good. Sounds good. All right. I will, um, finish this one and then I will send it over to you then.

Okay. Yeah. Don't be such a stranger. Uh, there, there's one more thing that I wanted to ask was, I actually have a question
about, um, you know, email sequence, a webinar sequence. Who can I ask, uh, for, for email sequence stuff?

Yeah. Yeah. So, um, that's a good question. Um, if you haven't looked at Todd's training in the portal about email sequences, follow
up sequences and, and talking, if you have not looked at that yet, I would suggest starting
there. Um, if you have, yeah, you can talk to me, you can talk to Paul, you can talk to, uh, John.

We're all pretty adept at email sequences. You know, I think, you know, maybe by end of the call, if you still might have some time,
I'll ask you that. Okay. All right. No problem.

Happy to do it. Thank you. Um, okay, Lisa, um, see what time is it? 9 48. Uh, are you ready or want me to move on to Adita or.

You can move on. Cause I want to send you something. Okay. I'm just kind of working on it now. So give me, I'll go after the next person.

All right. All right. So, um, I got your, your, um, email over the weekend or, or this morning or whatever. Your submission about going through all your chunks. I'm going to do that today.

Um, I was looking at the first chunk. I'd like to share something with you that I was. Um, I can't see you. Do you, are you aware of that? You're not.

Yeah, I'm not. I'm not trying to. It's for some reason, when I was shared my video earlier, it, um, it messed up zoom
and I, I'm afraid, uh, just for today until I figure out what's going on. Well, let me try. I was just wondering.

Yeah. Yeah. See, it's not even working. And because I did that. Oh man.

Would it make sense to restart it? I know it's gonna. Okay. I can't share my screen now. Dagnabbit.

I should have known better. Hold on. Can you still hear me? I can't hear you. Yeah.

But I, but the screen is blank. Yeah. All right. Hold on. Hold on.

Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.

now you joined us another Michael okay can you hear me now I can hear you
and I can see your picture yeah so hold on a second let me do this thing again
yeah I'm gonna have to fix this today somehow
so maybe
so I did I reworked or partially reworked quite a few chunks
sort of
and
made them shorter some of them
okay hold on
another instance of you
yeah I know I know I know I'm gonna leave both of them up I'm gonna I'll keep my phone on
okay all right I'm back and I'm not gonna share
my video you're not gonna see my smiling happy face today sorry
too bad
I'm having a bad hair day anyway so
who doesn't who doesn't
actually I always seem to have a bad actually I'm starting to have a no hair day
because my forehead's up to about a six head
so all right so I can share my screen
hold on let me call something up here
the the problem with with your campaign is it's so complicated
mm-hmm you know
and so I was starting to work on some images
in my mind
yeah me too
I was oh you too
I mean I yeah I was thinking about what it would look like
yeah so I
so let me share my screen if that's possible
and let's see
so it's the funny thing about this is that it's
on one hand it's very simple the idea is very simple right
you know but but the proof
yeah so
yeah exactly exactly
um Adida here we go
so one of the things oh I already had it up here we are
yes you remember this thing I did
yeah um this thing I kind of like
um I'm like you this and you that and blah blah blah
and a glance you can say um
so here's an example of what I'm talking about
let's say you're selling a silicone measuring cup set
you decide to launch an adaptive profit sprint on it
at a glance
and so that's when I was going to go
to something really simple
like
um
like this
at a glance you're able to see
um
everything in one
like your profit
and your expenses
and you know you want your profit to be between 25 and 35 percent
and expenses between 65 and 75 percent
and that's easy
if they're
if they fall within that
you're done
you don't you can stop looking at this product
however
what if
and then also
like the expenses
I could say
you could even
um
break that down
and even within expenses
I like to keep my ads
between 10 and 15 percent
fees this
and
cost of goods
that
so I would
I would do this
I would show an image
like rather than
you know how you did your
um
or how we did your other
minimum viable funnel
was all text
right
I would say
have an image
like a very
very simplistic
image like this
yeah and
uh
yes
and
but the other thing is
um
you know
when
Mark does a
VSL
he
how is he gonna
present this
you know
talk about this
or
well that's what you're writing the script for
he's just gonna read the script
right
your
your marketing argument
is going to be
uh
you're still gonna write down
the words to say
even though
but instead of
displaying
the text
of what he's saying
you flip
a
um
an image like this up
during
during it
um
and then explain it that way
mm-hmm
so this
is just
this is one part of the
of a sprint
so
do you think
we need something
to explain
what the sprint
consists of
so basically
it's three parts
where you
you know
track your fees
and costs
then you
um
then you
uh
you know
compare them to your
check
check if they are within
this range
yeah
yeah
the second piece
yeah
and then
and then you make
adjustments
if you see something
is out of range
exactly
yes
and i would
i would say
and here's
like when you
the example
that he has
here
where he talks
about um
hold on
let me see
yeah a lot of numbers
yeah
yeah numbers
numbers everywhere
um
yeah all of these numbers
right
so really
what he's doing
is this part here
he wants
this range
for expenses
and this range
for profit
right
um
and if they're
if they're not
then he looks
at the individual
ranges
right
the cost of goods
the fees
the ads
right
and depending on
where they fall
inside of that
he makes
different decisions
um
so yeah
exactly
the way you're
thinking is
exactly the way
i would do it
you know
i start with this
and then look at this
and then
um
you could even
have like a
um
like a
like a little
decision flow chart
you know what i'm
you know what i'm
saying
just a
you could show
a very simplistic
um
decision
flow chart
really the
what makes his
system so
great
is getting all of
these numbers
collected
and translated
into
like this ads
number or the
fees number
or the
and now
check against
the ranges
wanted
okay
yeah
so do we
need a picture
to show
what happens
in every
sprint
or
no
just give
one example
one example
of a sprint
and he brings
one up
down here
um
like when he
says
um
uh
see where
yeah here we
go
um
then like
for example
if if the
um
if the
fee
if the
factory
cost
is too
high
or whatever
or if
the fees
if if
the cost
of goods
is above
the 20%
then
okay
you know
you need
to do
one of
these things
either
change from
multiple color
branding
to two-tone
you could
package
you know
you could
look at
shipping
um
you could
look
customs
right
yeah
you only
sent me
the
the
the email
with a lot
of numbers
but not
the rest
of them
could you
share those
with me
too
yeah
absolutely
i thought
i sent
the whole
thing
let me
no
yeah
you
it was
just that
the first
one
okay
all right
so
yeah
there you
go
just
oh
yeah
okay
so
i'll
just
take
your
piece
of
copy
and
add
i don't
know
do the
example
yeah
with the
with that
image
yeah
just one
example
just make
it look
really
the whole
idea
it's a
sprint
right
so the
whole point
is to
demonstrate
how easy
and quick
it is
to make
these
decisions
yeah
yeah
so
what else
i wasn't
gonna say
yeah
i don't
know
yeah
it'd be
good to
finish this
oh my
yeah i
know it's
back and
forth a
little bit
but
yeah
i get
that see
that that's
the challenge
of this
thing it's
really it's
a financial
thing
and you
want to
show off
a sprint
see the
thing is
you could
actually teach
everything about
how to do
a sprint
and not
worry that
somebody's
going to
know how
to do
everything
because
he's selling
software that
makes a lot
of it push
button easy
you know
so that's
that's where
i mean that's
where your
send offer
will shine
right
yeah so
i guess
it's it's
the main
goal is to
show the
principle
you know
everything is
actually is
very simple
and and
which is
why i
sort of
struggled a
little bit
with the
chunks i
thought it's
a bit
repetitive
because
they everything
comes down
to to
one the
same you
know proof
or reason
why this
works you
know because
now you
look at
your numbers
yeah so
yeah so
like
database
decisions
and it's
everything
everything is
this around
the same
thing you
know
yeah but
yeah but
you see
all of
these proofs
all of
the remaining
proofs can
be really
short like
you have
them
yeah
you know
the first
proof the
first chunk
is the
longest one
and these
other ones
are so
short
yeah i
i shortened
them i
worked through
all of
them again
over the
last couple
of days
and so
i want to
believe that
they're sort
of almost
done apart
from some
polishing and
you know
yeah but
i'm going to
go through
them today
like i have
time after
this call i'm
going to
have like
three hours
before my
first one-on-one
call of the
day so i'm
going to spend
time on on
your your
chunks looking
at each one
it won't take
long you're
almost there i've
looked at them
before i haven't
seen it since
you've updated
them but um
i'm going to
do that
some of them i
think some of
them are quite
different in
terms of
sometimes i
you know i
reword it or
change the
claim sometimes
because when
i you know
what i needed
to do i
really needed
to look at
the gap
question and
leave this
room go to
a different
room and
imagine
and talk to
a different
environment you
know and
think about
let's say i'm
telling this
about this to
my mom you
know that's
what i needed
to do
because otherwise
i'm lost in
this um
whatever
analytical
mode or
something i
know i
know exactly
what you
mean i
that's and
mentally that's
what i do
when i when
i um read it
when i'm working
on a claim i
look at the
gap question and
i i really
get okay what
exactly are they
really wanting
to know and
what can i say
what's one thing
that i can say
to them to
all of those
questions that
just answers
it right
and that's
challenging for
me sometimes
yeah but i
i spend time
when i just
separate myself
from everything
else in the
campaign and
yeah and
focus on that
question so i
do exactly what
you i don't walk
into the next
room but i i
had to for this
one i had to i
didn't for my
own campaign for
this one i had
to you know
uh yeah so
and it helped
it actually helped
sometimes i walk
away and half a
minute later i'm
back because it
clicked you know
yeah but but
still i in some
cases i'm not
sure you know
sometimes i can't
feel how strongly
you know the in
terms of using
analogies or
metaphors you
know uh what
is appropriate
or what is
not sometimes
i don't yeah
necessarily feel
yet yeah you
know and maybe
maybe some claims
could be worded
nicer in a more
sort of a
assertive way or
or or not
assert maybe
assertive maybe
stronger way or
something sure
if you have a
any thoughts on
on on them
some okay
sure happy
happy to do
that okay
all right so
then i'll then
i'll try to
finalize that
first chunk
then today
yeah okay
okay um
if you have if
you want some
help with graphics
or coming up
ideas and what
to draw i was
just getting into
that and
some things
happened this
weekend i got
distracted and
you know so
i messed around
with it a little
bit more this
morning i think
making those
two those two
points and
then um an
example you
know yeah i
think it just
it's just to
show how you can
make a quick
decision but the
big picture is
the important thing
to point out is
that all of
those numbers
have to be
crunched and
available to
you right at
a moment's
notice right at
the tip of your
fingers so
because otherwise
it's just the
same old nightmare
that i used to
have every
product you have
to go through
and look stuff
up in different
tables and
and they don't
even do it
they avoid doing
it yeah
they understand
and it's
actually easy
i only had a
few that's the
only reason i
did it and
for a while i
just had one
you know and
it was still
a pain
so yeah i
wish i'd
known mark
back then
because that
40 bucks a
month that
you're charging
for this is
nothing
nothing
compared to
the time i
would take
i mean i
would i
would spend
a couple
hours a
day for a
week trying
to get
everything
figured out
and collected
and then
finally i'd
have the
answers i
needed for
one product
it was a
pain yeah
yeah well
you see i
don't necessarily
come up with
this kind of
examples for
some reason
yeah so
that's why i
sent you i
sent you
marks the
thing that he
sent me i
thought i
sent all of
these to
you i
guess i
don't really
know how
how this
works how
gmail works
i thought it
was sending
all of this
whole thread
i i totally
get it i
get confused
with with
with gmail a
lot because
they have this
new it's not
new anymore
it was new
you know new
way to
to present
the conversation
you know back
and forth and
i always get
confused what
gets replied to
or what gets
forwarded
especially when
i forward
want to
forward something
to somebody
okay i
usually have
the same
problem
yeah
okay michael
so yeah
so i'll
i'll get
to this
now and
i'll drop
you an
email and
definitely for
once they
need to have
this done
i it's
okay no
problem i'll
send you a
loom video
once i go
through your
stuff okay
um hold
on i'm gonna
now lisa for
i get started
with you i'm
gonna send
alex a
um message
an email
right quick
just to
okay because
he had to
leave and
um i just
want to make
sure he
knows i
saw him
there
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
okay
all right so talk to toe talk to adida
mr alex just emailed you um another
two um reworkings of my headline but go for the last one that i just sent
two minutes ago because i just needed to get up in the morning and look at it
change a few things so okay i don't think i'm anywhere near done you know i
didn't put the urgency in i mean but i just wanted to
settle on an idea and then there's basically like you're right um
three ideas you know one is you can earn 10 000 an hour another one is
this is how i don't want to say former celebrities and
celebrities athletes emerging speakers do it and a speech can change the world
idea but i think the first two kind of combine
and i guess i can have a few different headlines but anyway
i just started playing with them as people were talking this morning
so there's um 21 a lot of them very similar were just a word
change or two but of course one word can get
world of difference but if you want to take a few minutes to just go from one
to 21 they change you can see them morphing
until they're different by the end okay
so you've got a big idea so learn the secrets to writing 160 minutes speech and
earning 10k every time you deliver it for life
okay um can you see my screen lisa no i can't log in because it says my password
can't my my email can't be found yeah but i mean
how can i oh yeah i can see it on my phone
yeah okay i'm good all right so plus it'll be in the recording
but um yeah headline number one learn the secrets to
writing okay learn the secrets to that's alluding that you have a mechanism
that's cool um 160 minute speech and earning 10k
every time you deliver it for life there's a promise
i like it okay just forget how you can write one
speech and earn 10k every time you deliver it without changing a word
for the rest of your life even if you've never given a speech before
okay um how you can write one speech and earn 10k every time
so it's the same promise just with a little more detail
well yeah but here the difference is between
one and two is that um number one alludes to the fact that you have
a unique mechanism somehow
and this number two doesn't so okay so i'll change that
so it'd be discover the secret to or discover
yes the four-step method or the five-step method
yeah the new five-step method like secret you can right
yeah i think people are always looking for a secret
um yeah it depends on the audience if it's if it's a um
if they're marketers they're sick and tired of hearing word secret
oh um but well they're not going to be marketers
i never exactly yeah so secret can still work there's an amazing new way
okay mechanism to write one minute once you miss it's so compelling it
practically solves itself and earns you 10k an hour for life
even if you never give them a speech before that works
discover the secret method athletes celebrities and lead speakers
employee to hold um this is
okay so now you're like number um four is you're going with a different um
idea yeah i'm just that's like i said idea number two is i'm targeting a little bit
the market
okay discover the secret method mbls or mike eat and use to hold audience in the palm of sand
and earn thousands in an hour
yep discover the secret method see you're good at this lisa
i actually kind of like this yeah i could probably write 50 if i just
sat down there's just flow good good the secret method okay
mechanism elite and emerging speakers use to hold audience in the palm of their
hand
earn thousands an hour and establish yourself as number one in their field
the problem number six is you're you're talking about three different promises
so i don't like number six
okay if you just take out um establish themselves as number one in their field i'm just going to do
that right now
if it's a little too complicated okay
discover the secret method to holding audiences in the palm of your hand
holding and earning thousands an hour for life with just one 60-minute speech okay it works
eight is good
i don't know what
okay the only difference between seven and eight is instead of thousands an hour i just say 10k an hour
that's fine it i uh i don't even it doesn't even matter to me which one of those you say okay
discover the secrets taking your audience on exhilarating journey that will inspire them to honor their dreams
step beyond the known and familiar to achieve the highest aspirations
now that's that's for somebody who's already a speaker
that's what they so
yeah yeah so um the promise in this is taking your audience on a journey
that will inspire them
so maybe i need to say discover the secrets to earning 10k or thousands an hour by
i think the money has to be in there madding that right now to earning thousands of an hour by
that's your promise that's your promise that's what you're going to be proving
yeah but i think discover the secrets to earning thousands an hour
by taking your audience on an exhilarating journey
sure
because nobody wants to do it without the money nobody's that
altruistic
um you know what do you have you you've heard annette
right i think she is that altruistic
well then maybe i'll try it without it too
you know what i mean
no no no because
she wouldn't pay you thousands of dollars for your coaching
no um you want people it's okay so anyway
discover the secret method take your audience on a journey
that's the same thing as nine same thing as nine
you don't have your promise in there
yeah i don't know what i did different in that one
11 does not have the promise
okay so i'm just going to put thousands an hour
and stick the promise in on this one on these
well your promise is your promise is thousands in all an hour
yeah discover the insider secrets
athletes celebrities and emerging speakers employ
to earn thousands an hour
now i can easily deliver on thousands an hour because even if you're not that good
you can make over a thousand dollars
and that sounds good to people
you know if they're new
you know if they're thousands an hour by writing one speech
and see that's what nobody else has also the writings part
you know just nobody
in my market there may be
as you saw thousands or millions of speech writers but
they're not part of they're usually for non-speakers is my experience
but i haven't even looked at those people yet
yeah so number 13 i would say
11 has wait discover the insider secrets
it has earned thousands an hour at the end
it's already there it's just at the end
okay yeah you're right
i'm just moving it up
i just moved it up okay
that's fine
i'm just making sure that
uh the boxes are
so just like 13
yeah um i would say discover the um
the method
the new method that at least speakers are employing
great
well it could be the new method at least speakers employ
to earn
okay
well elite speakers 10k isn't that much thousands an hour
because they they can make much much more
okay
yep
learn a secret method
emergent speakers employ
to earn thousands an hour
establish and sell
and and establish no
just want 60 minutes each
i've done coaching sessions on like a new speaker
and they just tell me they
charge eight
and i just say charge 12 or 15 or whatever it is
and they get it
i mean sometimes in one session it's happened a few times
people just weren't priced right for their level of expertise
so i don't feel
they didn't even change their speech yet
they always do change their speech
and that increases their income more
but it sounds outrageous
but it really can be done
there's somebody i'm working with right now tonight
who when we met
he quintupled his income within a month
by just
without changing his delivery
you know his presentation
just
he was so undercharging
it was absurd
and he just wore ridiculous clothes
and
called his thing the wrong thing
and had
stupid website
i mean it was just
ridiculous
packaging
the worst
yeah
i mean sometimes
now i'm working with him on his presentation
as well
we're still together
we just came back together
but
these seem like outrageous
overblown
claims
but they're not
no i
i don't think they are
um
as a matter of fact
i'm just saying that
i definitely could back all these up
oh yeah
yeah
i wish these people paid me right
that's what i'm working on now
something wrong with me
that i'm
i never
i should have gotten paid
based on their increase in profitability
honestly
i really should have
i made a big mistake
in all of my business
yeah
the problem with 12 and 14
when you add a second promise into it
like establishing them as the authority in their field
yeah
um
number
there's two
there's two ways that's gonna bite you
number one
you're gonna have to prove that too
so now
your
your
your marketing argument has to be twice as long
all right
i just took it out
i get it
that's
and then
yeah
um
and it also
and not only that
they don't care
there's another thing
i'd like to understand about that
and that is that
okay
um
when
a lot of times
when you have multiple promises
if
if you have speakers who
see that
or prospects who see that
they might disqualify themselves
because
well i want to
hold
all of my
no
i'm not saying believable
one second
someone's at my door
one second
okay
sorry
somebody's fixing a window
here
okay
probably you know from france
it's a constant state of construction
going on in this place
when you have more than
one promise
um
that
that they will disqualify themselves
because they will
often they'll say
well i want a speech that
makes a lot of money
but i don't want to really
i'm not interested in being
the guy
the number one
yeah
there are some celebrities
that really do want to be there
because that's where they were
before in life
that's why i put it in
but i'll take it out
um
yeah
yes
you cut
you
you diminish the people
who are interested in your message
i actually sell that
it's
as part of my
marketing
is to be
i have people start
like
number one
business speaker
number one
author
number one
premier
healthcare
coming
i just tell them
we're going to put it in our tagline
and we're going to get there
and the people that were bold enough
to put it there
got there
yeah
so it is part of my thing
but that doesn't mean i need to include it
in my headline
yeah
yeah
yeah
because for me
like i would
i would say
nah
i'm not really interested
in being the next
that's because you're not
an olympian
number one
i don't want to be him
yeah but these are people that
have done something
really amazing in their life
mostly athletes
were world champions
right
and they do think they can
be champions again
and the speaker market
you know
it's you
you could be number one
in your niche
you can
i'm not saying
we won't bring this up
in the lead
or the marketing argument
we're still going to make
this is still going to be a benefit
yeah it's just the headline
no you're right
i just changed it
okay
just ever soon
thousands an hour
even if you've never given a speech before
what number are you on
16
15
and i went at 16
there's an amazing new way
to earn thousands now
with 160 minutes speech
if you've never
um
um
um
okay
this one just added for life
i think that's really compelling
like you just do it one time
and you're done
it has to be a great relief
yeah
um
actually there's one simple way
to change the world
and it takes 16 minutes
apparently
that's all
martin luther king did
but
i think uh
you have more venues
with 60
ted talk
you can do in 16
but ted doesn't pay
yeah
so
now this 19
remember i told you
i love this margaret mead
quote
okay
there's a margaret mead quote
that's um
never doubt that a group of committed
concerning citizens
can change the world
um
indeed
it's the only thing
that ever has
so i just
changed the um
verbiage
on the beginning
so
if i read that
if i read that in a headline
i would think
yeah
i i agree with that
and then next
i'd go into the
you know
i'd go into looking at cat videos
right
so it would need
and you can too
you know what i mean
it would need
let me show you how
um
yeah but that
again
yeah
it doesn't have the primary
promise in it
let me show you how
you can do that
and earn thousands an hour
as you know
do that
as well
you know what i mean
there you go
something like
i think it's great
for people that want to
change the world
that's a nice little quote
and you know
margaret mead
had a way with words
at least in that
there she did
yeah i would follow it up
i saw that
todd talked about
like a headline
um
what did he call it
deck or something like that
where you can
doesn't have to all
show up in one sentence
but i was just working on
one
even if compound
sentence
yeah so let's see
we've got
how many actually have
your big idea
that 19 does
and
wait it's only two more
so let's go
look at that
okay 20
there's amazing new way
to earn 10k or more
by writing 60 minutes
speech
you got new way
that's so authentic
i this one i didn't
and make it will make you
it will make you
find speaker on it
so we need to
i didn't fix the grammar
okay
and 21 there's an
amazing new way
to earn
um
10k or more
it will make you
is what it needed
to be there
by writing 60 minutes
speech that's authentic
make you want
it will make you
so it's almost
the same as 20
just
yeah
and then again
i think some people
want to be authentic
but really they just
want to be profitable
i really think if i
switch the word to
profitable it'd be
better
like nobody wants
to do anything
if it doesn't make
the money
that's what i've
discovered
all these people
that want to change
the world don't want
to do it for free
but i wouldn't write
profitable i'd put
compelling or spellbinding
or one of those
exhilarating
i don't think authentic
is right that was my
last two thoughts i
wonder i was thinking
i wonder if authenticity
would work but i don't
think it does
yeah i agree
um so
plus that's that's
actually on my list
of horrible words
that no one
should ever use
again
along with resonate
you know and
um it used to be
epiphany
and huge
and super
as adjectives
i really should write
one headline with
just those words
there's a
you know
um awesome
new way
to earn
10,000 an hour
by writing
one
super
would you stop
it
you're killing
that will resonate
resonate with
audiences
and
and take you to
the next level
audiences
and epiphanies
and a huge epiphanies
yeah
and take you to
the next level
right
and then i'll get
all the millennials
so i'm looking
i'm looking through
these
and it looks like
the only one with
your big idea
in it
well the big idea
is on the top
if you scroll up
all the way
there's two of them
i get that
i get that
so i'm looking
for the big idea
in your headlines
and i'm seeing it
in number
18
and 19
i kind of thought
it was everywhere
you thought it was
everywhere
well
one idea
has changed the world
another idea
has just earned
10k an hour
i'm leaning
to number one
if you look
at the top
of my big ideas
i'm heavy
on number one
not number two
see for reference
into your big
marketing idea
here
yeah
yeah
so what
what you need
to see
is that
the the idea
the intellectually
interesting idea
that you've chosen
is the part
about changing
the world
okay
so you don't
think it's
intellectually
interesting
that there's
one thing
you can say
for 60 minutes
one time
and earn
tons of money
for life
that's not
intellectually
uh yeah
yeah
i think it's
an interesting
idea
you can just
say the same
damn thing
over and over
the rest of your
life and people
will pay you
to do it
i i i don't
think that's
not blasé
to me
that's in what
i discovered
i was shocked
that's that's
also interesting
yeah i i think
that's between
the two to
my market
more interesting
they always
add a money
so that's
the issue
okay
if i say
to them
you could do
something at
two minutes
and change
the world
and it
doesn't pay
and you have
to keep
doing it
they just
be like
that's nice
okay
no one's gonna
hire me to
change the world
is what i
discovered
yeah they just
want the money
because they're
suffering
they're in
pain
financially
yeah okay
no you're
right
beautiful people
they're not
they're not
materialistic people
this is not a
good way to
make money
if that's all
you want to
do you should
sell a widget
i always tell
them you know
if all you want
to do is make
money just sell
a product
this is gonna
you know
take everything
you have
you know you
need to squeeze
out your truth
and you know
it's not as
easy as you
think i can
make it way
way easier
but this
like my brother
sells widgets
everyone i
know that
sells widgets
in one form
or another
makes way
more money
than most
speakers
unless they
really stick
around for a
couple of
years and
yeah then
they can
make it
you know
it takes
a few
years it's
not like
you just
buy a
widget and
repackage
it
like the
stuff that
todd's
clients sell
that's what
they do
and there's
nothing wrong
with that
i'd like to
find that
widget
but i'm
not really
into looking
you could
sell a
pet rock
and make
millions
so i don't
think i should
market change
the world
because people
would rather
have the pet
rock if i
asked them
yep i'm
with you i
agree with
you
i feel like
i've changed
the world in
my life as a
political activist
but i'd take a
pet rock right
now
over another
world change
i would
by the way i
decided not to
leave italy so
you'll keep
seeing me on
this call
it's a long
story but
i'm not
yeah i made
up my mind
to be italian
and that's
it
oh okay
are you
gonna renounce
your uh
citizenship
no
nothing that
complicated
i still
have stuff
to figure
out but
i've put
my uh
what is
it flag
in the
sand or
whatever the
expression is
yeah cool
cool so
you're in my
neighborhood still
that's nice
yeah so i'll
stay on this
call yeah i
like this
working at
these time
zones to
me it's
getting up in
the morning in
america was
not fun like
now i start
work with
people in
america at
8 15 or
9 15
their time
my time
in the
afternoon
exactly
you sleep
yeah i can
if they would
put some
shutters on
on my
door i
could sleep
in that
is
you know
how many
of those
shutters in
europe
they didn't
put them
on the
door so
there's tons
of sun in
the morning
i'm not
going to
complain about
that
all right
so what
should i do
now where
so this
is these
are great
uh these
are for the
most part
except for
the the
few little
spots i i
mentioned you
know i like
to and if
if the on
18 and
19 if you
wanted to
just as
a side
if you
wanted to
um to
go with the
change the
world thing
like 18 is
almost there
because you
have a one
simple way
that implies
there's a
mechanism
yeah it
would have
to be and
i would say
to change
the money
would have
to be i
can show
you how
and by
doing you
know and
then add
in something
and not
only that you
can make
thousands an
hour doing
it well i
mean if uh
yeah yeah
they're not
going to do
it without
the money i
know already
there's one
simple way to
change the
world with
the speech
and it only
takes 16
minutes yeah
that would be
good at least
it gives them
a clue yeah
you know that
they don't have
to go uh
blow up
some place
as a
terrorist or
something
but the
part i know
you i know
you like this
this quote
but we still
need to imply
that there's a
mechanism that
gets them
that that
makes it all
happen
well there
is one
simple secret
that will
change the
world and
it only takes
60 minutes
to employ i
can play
with the
grammar sure
i'll see if
i can do
it all
right you
know i
have another
favorite quote
i wouldn't
mind using
in some
way shape
or form
and that
quote is
somerset mom
and it's
um there are
only three rules
to writing a
novel unfortunately
no one knows
what they are
so i wouldn't
mind playing
with that one
too there's
only i like to
use it whenever
i can because
you think it's
the coolest
quote but you
know there's
only three
secrets to
writing a
speech and
now you can
know what
they are you
know something
like that
and now
i i can
reveal or
whatever
something along
those lines
that's a good
quote too
and now you
can know what
they are
and there's
only three
rules for
writing a
ten thousand
speech somerset
mom i can't
you know m-a-u-g-h-m
okay so somerset
the one who
wrote yeah i
can't that's how
you pronounce it
but not how
you spell it
i don't know
what happened
with his
name somerset
mom said
this and
then the
quote and
then i
wouldn't actually
use his
name here's
her secret
yeah but i
wouldn't i
would just
say if one
of the most
prolific authors
you know uh
of the 1930s
nobody knows
who he is
unless they're
a reader which
is a dwindling
amount of
people there'll
be a point
where we won't
be able to
say somebody
just asked
me the other
day who
was that
person that
wrote tom
sawyer someone
just said that
to me
yeah i'm
like okay
let's talk
about who
discovered america
oh they can't
even say that
anymore god
forbid
that's funny
yes that's
really where
we're at
right now
yeah who
wrote that
band a book
um
what book
about tom
sawyer
yeah
yeah
we'll soon
get to who
wrote the bible
i think that'll
be a question
within three
years
i mean no one
would have heard
of god
krishna
i'm gonna jump
off my terrace
i'm not really
suicidal by the
way i just
relieve all my
despair by
imagining horrible
things and then
recommit to
life
so the next
step your
question is
what's the
next step
and um
the next
i just want
you to know
i feel like
i need to
sit down
and you know
me write
another hundred
of these
i do feel
that way
i'll tell you
what's going
to be more
fun than
that
okay
and that's
going to be
writing your
lead because
you've got
you've got
the big idea
which is a
concept of
one speech
you can retire
with right
that's the
that's a
big idea
you've got a
lot of
headlines
now let's
write the
lead that's
going to be
fun for
you're going
to want
to go
on and
on and
on and
you only
get 300
words so
you know
you once
told me
you know
i would
have written
less but
i didn't
have enough
time
that's a
mark twain
quote
i know
i know
i know
well it's
similar to
what you
said
but um
yeah so
this is
going to
be your
your chance
to practice
that and
to do
that because
yeah so
i'm going
to try to
work through
both ideas
like you're
going to
make all
this money
and you're
just going
to have
to write
one speech
and that's
not so bad
and i'll show
you how
whatever 5c
and um and
then i also want
to say and by
the way this is
how you change
the world you
can do that
too kind of
as a joke
do you know
what i mean
um or
something you
know as
afterthought
i you
know what
save that
for the
uh marketing
argument
oh i don't
even know
the difference
yet i only
read up to
lead
yeah so
let's just
do where
so the
you have
you're you're
getting ready
to write
a
you're getting
ready to
write a
long
the majority
of your
marketing
and the
purpose of
it is to
prove your
thesis statement
which is
that um
the most
effective the
most something
i forget what
we write
yeah
fast and
effective way
to earn
um
10k an
hour is
to with a
speech is to
use the 5c
method but
with the speech
it sells itself
yeah right
so you're going
to prove that
that's going to
take a lot of
writing however
the first
300 words
are all about
getting them
excited about
your method
just to keep
them reading
i saw that
purpose of
sentence one
is to get
them to
sentence two
so i kind
of put the
excitement meter
on it yeah
obviously has
to go somewhere
and i just
look is this
exciting is
this exciting
is it once
it's confusing
boring irrelevant
obviously we're
off in the
wrong direction
so that's
kind of my
guide in
my head
okay
um okay
that's something
i also teach
like if it's
not exciting
in anything
whatsoever in
the world that
you're doing
stop
right but i
want we want
them to be
excited about
how it's
different
yes that
difference is
better than
all the other
methods
and um
you know if
it's easy
how is it
easy if it's
fast okay so
like i said i
really do think
my unique
selling proposition
truly is that
they will get
the speech
written nowhere
else did i
see that
you know um
where it's
really i mean
the ted talk
but oh come
on for a
15 minute talk
is not a 60
minute talk you
know what i
mean i don't
see anyone
promising get
on my call
and get your
60 minute talk
written so i
do think i have
something different
the main thing
is that they
need to understand
that there's
nowhere else
they can get
that there's
nowhere else
they can get
a speech
writer is that
what you're
saying no
get coaching
primarily on
the writing
like everywhere
else they're
saying if you
have a message
if you have
a story you
know we can
help you
deliver create
it's not on
deliver it and
earn money but
it's up to them
to write the
speech right
so that's
what's really
different about
me from doing
my competitor
analysis is
like i said
it's the i'm
going to do
80 percent on
content and
20 percent on
the rest and
they're in the
reverse proportion
no one else is
in the proportion
i'm in yeah
but you're you're
see listen you're
talking about your
offer right now
you're talking
about what you're
going to deliver
yeah so i think
i'm going to
deliver the
ability to have
a written script
they can use for
life because
what freaks
speakers out
is they are
looking for
content they're
looking to
customize they're
looking for
what's trending
and they're
never getting
it because
that's not
the way to
do it
but you can't
look for this
stuff it's
it's not what
you're going to
write about that's
not what we're
going to be
writing about
no but i'm
just saying
what my
difference really
is is this
what i think
if i talk
about the
Pareto principle
they'll start
snoring and
that'll be the
end of it
you know the
80 20 thing
they're not
interested i
know that
people don't
care they just
want to know
what they're
going to get
in the end
but you're
going to be
talking about
five c's
lisa yes
and how the
five c will
keep them
you know from
struggling and
and the truth
is it will get
them where they
want to go i
believe that
right and that's
what's different
the five c's
is different
the five c is
the way to
write a speech
that will sell
itself that's
the absolute
truth so that's
what all
writing is
going to be
about is
the five c
right got
it by the
way i saw
years ago i
just posted
it up on
my blog i
don't really
have a
website that
i gave i
don't know
how many
years ago
um a
talk on
how to
two talks
to a
group within
my coaching
school on
how to do
the same
things so i
i found tons
more content
than i even
pulled from
you know i
had already
had a lot
of content
the hard
part is
just going
to be
making sure
i'm on
task in
terms of
focusing on
the five c
method that
sells speech
that sells
itself and
not mention
all the other
interesting
things about
everything you
know that i'm
involved with
so i think
yeah i have to
be very
disciplined in
300 words that
they're just
excited about
the five c
method
okay cool
so next is
the lead so
i'll just
there's
worksheets and
there's videos
and all that
correct about
how to do
that yep
okay and i
sent you a
copy of the
email they sent
me that i'm
on until
november 19th
originally my
program was
going to end
in october and
i have a
feeling somebody
you know in
the um
administrative and
decided my
course ended but
i sent you the
email saying your
course ends
november 19th
that's that
would that
would be me
i'm keeping
you in
okay so i
sent you that
email about it
by somebody jay
somebody's name
started with a
jay confirming
that okay
good so
yeah it's a
godsend because
um my funds
are at a i would
call the level
shocking
so i i
really need to
get this get
this right
yep ironically
unfortunately or
unfortunately a
couple of
speakers just
started asking
me to do
stuff for them
and it's just
really hard
to i don't know
what to do
actually i should
ask you for
advice i mean i
could make some
immediate money
obviously but i
feel like if i'm
just going to
spend my time
doing these
little tasks
turning it to
ted talk
making it
longer
for them
now i'm
gonna miss
my next month
you know i
just feel like
really torn
now i mean i
can pay the
bills here in
europe thank
god i don't
need to do
it right away
but i don't
know why work
is coming in
now you know
i feel like i'd
better focus on
this and make
this my top
priority
they are not
in it they
don't have a
deadline if
people have a
deadline then i'm
i'm on it but
the only person
has a deadline
is january
i mean do you
think i'm right
that this really
should be number
one not doing a
bunch of writing
tasks for people
um well you
know that's uh
that's hard to
say i mean if
i were if i
were in your
position and i
needed money i
wouldn't turn the
money down
no i'll get the
money anyway i
mean they have
no one else to
go to but i
feel like if i
don't focus on
this hours a
day i'm not
gonna have it
done i can see
this is not that
guy who told me
four hours a week
i'm glad he
doesn't work for
you anymore
that was the
most absurd
promise ever i
mean maybe he
believed it i do
i don't think he
was um deceptive
in the least he
seemed like a
real sweetie pie
but i don't know
he obviously must
have not gone
through the e5
method anyone
that could do
this four hours
in a week i
want to hire
yeah i'll pay
them for four
hours a week
and let them
do this for
me honestly
not the right
number more
for like four
hours a day
if you want to
get it right
unless you're a
genius
yeah i mean
wouldn't you
say that's
somewhere more
along the lines
of what this
takes to get
it right not
to just do it
but to do it
right i would
say it it
depends on
the person
um i
know no
for example
uh john
uh who
works with
us he's he
runs the um
the media
buying call
and todd of
course
and you
know they
could probably
they can
crank out a
campaign in a
day or two
okay so maybe
in if i've done
this 10 or 20
years i'll crank
it out in an
hour no no
doubt there's
things you can
learn so but
for i've never
done any
marketing in
my life
right so um
yeah it takes
time todd never
said it was
going to be
easy no i'm
just upset that
i didn't if
if that guy had
told me you
better have four
hours a day set
out i think i
would be it
took me a while
to see that i
wasn't going to
do it in four
hours a week and
i wasted a lot
of time thinking
i could pursue
other immediate
money making
venues and
i'm just sorry
if anyone ever
comes on a
first call they
should be told
you better dedicate
your time to this
because three months
can fly by you
know you can't do
it in four hours a
week it was really
unfortunate that he
said that to me and
i believed it
okay because i
didn't set the time
and i worked on
this tv show and
which isn't coming
to be except i
even haven't watched
it it's just a one
shot i thought it
was going to be a
series and i
worked just trying
to get immediate
money instead
of which
wasn't you
know it didn't
turn into as
much as i
thought i could
have been doing
i could be almost
done by now if
i had set aside
the right amount
of time just a
note to your
people when they
sell it it's not
really doing people
a favor because
if they don't have
the the hours a
day then it's
not going to work
unless they're
experienced marketers
i'm a complete
newbie to marketing
even though i i
like it and i've
helped people do
it i've never
done it for
myself which is
a whole other
animal and
anyway i'm i'm
excited and i'm
enjoying it i
totally think this
is like i just
it's a lifesaver to
have found this
program i don't
think i could have
gotten the help i
needed anywhere else
for everything i
looked at i didn't
have time for a lot
of shopping either
okay so the lead
and hopefully i can
get that done and
um as soon as
possible okay and
then send it to
me of course and
then okay yeah
yeah we might get
a chance you you
have another call
this week is it
thursday i can't
remember that's
wednesday i'm gonna
shoot for that even
though that's very
ambitious yeah
6 p.m okay
super thank you so
much can't tell you
how great this is
really really game
changing thank you
all right take care
you too all right
bye
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
