---
title: "Foundations  2021-09-13 06:57:40"
date: 2021-09-13
duration: 2h 3m
duration_seconds: 7388
vimeo_id: 603821768
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations  2021-09-13 06:57:40

**Date:** 2021-09-13 | **Duration:** 2h 3m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. I don't even remember how to say good morning in French. Bonjour. Bonjour. How could I forget that?

Probably I didn't drink enough coffee yet. So I spent some time with Nadine. I think we spent maybe over two hours in two different sessions, just so you know. Oh, that's a lot. Yeah.

Interesting. When you're saying it was a job, I haven't asked me an invoice. Or God sent me an invoice, I haven't asked me an appointment. And so I started being done on the way through. And also Bridger told me this, I don't think I'm confused about, that I would get an extra
month if I paid in full, which I think meant three full payments.

And I think I got that confused because I was going to join a different program where
I had to pay it all up front for some reason. So right before I joined yours, I was in a conversation with someone else. So maybe that could just be confirmed and they can either charge my card or maybe they
don't store the credit card number and I'll give it to them and the support team. Okay. All right.

Well, I'm glad you're getting it figured out. I was, I was, I did look at your, oh, you just said something else like a few seconds ago. Yeah. I just, I realized that if I worked a little more on the benefits of the Eugenic
mechanism, which is the part that I didn't finish, it's in yellow where it says continue
here. I would then be able to make a benefit list and then connect up my deliverables with it.

I saw Michael said to start with the benefits as an easy way of organizing it. So I thought I would, that's what I left out. And I also named my unique mechanism, which I didn't have. And I wanted you to look at the name to see if you liked it. And I just fixed some of the copy.

So it's not about me. Like I do this, I do that. It's my system does this and that, which I think. And I just made a, a few other changes, but I tried to limit myself. But before we talk about that, if, if that's where you want to go, which I hope we do, I
wanted to say that I was talking with a client and we had scheduled before a session to see
if she wanted to be a speech writer.

And I told her that I'm going to do a course and it's, and I described it now that I actually
had some notion of it. And I really didn't expect her to just say she wanted to do it. And she did. And she wanted to know more about it. And I'm like, Hmm, um, it's like four days a week and our day of live coaching will record
it and, you know, we'll work on the things that I worked out in my mechanism.

And, um, so I had a couple of questions about, and I told her because she's the first person
to do it and she said, Oh, I'll be the beta trial or whatever she called it. And I'm like, yes. So instead of it being 10,000, I'll do it for five. And if you bring someone else on, I'll even reduce your price. And they pay 5,000 to even half of that, you know?

So, and you could split the seven, you know, um, thousand, 500 between you. And she's like, well, I think I want you to myself. And then I know her and she's an eye on disc. I don't know if we discussed the disc system, you and I. Yeah, I do.

I'm aware of it. Okay. So I, people never have no follow through at all. Never do any homework or completely irresponsible or late forget. They even have things to do.

So in light of that, and here's my question. And well, I told her, well, the good thing about this is since we're going to be on the calls that much time, um, there will be no homework. We'll do everything together. If you want to do homework, of course, you're welcome to do as much work as you want. But the beauty of this system is we'll do it on the calls, you know, everything, you know, so they'll get a transcript and, um, you know, the client and I will be on the phone and they can edit their transcript as we speak.

And if I'm so inclined, cause it's way faster, I might even edit. I'm not going to promise that, but I have another client who likes to edit. And I think I would, I'm like so tortured by waiting for him. Whereas I can just quickly rewrite a sentence or change a word or move something, which would take them so much longer. Cause I've been doing this forever and speed is always my objective in everything.

So, so here's a question. And I also said people would be entering in an ongoing way. I'm not going to wait, but I, so after I hung up, I'm like, wow, I just promised all this stuff. I didn't even think about it. Then I thought, you know what?

It would probably not be that effective, especially with her. She's always going to be late to do four days a week. And she would even forget one day a week. I'm sure she's very scattered. And, um, I thought to do, to tell her, look, I really thought it over.

And based on your personality and what I think is going to work for you, since you're my first student, I think we should do four hours to into two hour slots. Um, this way she can't cancel and be late. You know, I don't want to be sitting on the phone holding time. And then I thought, um, I told her I would start October 15th, but I realized I said, I would you meet with the students or whatever they're going to be called. Um, if it's a master class or I don't know what I'm pulling it, if it's a seminar, I don't know, it'll be participants, whatever.

Um, the first three weeks of the month, not every week in October has five weeks. And, um, it's really confusing because if the week might start on a Wednesday and then the last week might end on a Tuesday. So maybe, so I thought maybe I should start from November 1st and do the first three weeks, whatever day they happen to start on. But I also said only four days a week, Monday through Thursday. So I would do, it's a little confusing if you know what I mean.

Yeah. Yeah. Um, but I have, here's the thing. I have this Japanese virtual assistant who listed out all the dates and she could alleviate all the confusion because I definitely can. But I thought, so here's the, the real question is, is it okay to already change it from, or am I going to sound totally disorganized from an hour, um, a day to, to four hours broken up into two days?

Cause it really does have to do with her and also not to start because it'll be even more confusing in the middle of October, just to start November 1st and do the first three weeks of the month. Um, or is that going to make her not want to join? Cause this whole thing is just too up in the air and changeable. And you know what I'm saying? Yeah, I know what you're saying.

I would say that the sooner you get started, the better. If it were me, that's what I would do. I mean, that's kind of, yeah, that's how you set up your system and your deliverables is, um, those are really business decisions that you make based on, you know, your lifestyle, your business. Actually, the 18th would be a Friday. So we wouldn't get started till the following Monday.

And I'll just be flying back to America, which I'm sure, you know, it's a big deal, but yeah, that would give us one week and then a break. I also think changing it and delaying it might, I already made the mistake. I didn't know of not taking her credit card number because I didn't realize, cause I just switched my system that I could take credit card numbers and charge it to PayPal. I wasn't aware of that. So I just found that out from my assistant.

So she's also didn't give me the money. And I think if I call her and just say, Hey, so we'll get started. You know, we said the 15th, but actually Mondays, I think the 18th and let, you know, I want to take your credit card so I can hold that spot for you at that rate. Cause who's ever first, I'm going to be talking with someone else, you know, they'll get that rate. So I think she probably will do it if she doesn't already have buyer's remorse.

Cause I didn't take the number already, but then the question is, and then I, I really think for her, it's going to be better for two hours. She's never going to be able to be on time four days a week and make four days a week, an hour. Got it. And she doesn't actually have a job, which is very weird, but most of my clients do not have a job. Maybe all like they don't go to work.

I don't know how I found the population of non-working people or if they do work, it's something like very flexible. So I guess I can make it whatever time I want since nobody works nine to five and nobody ever has. I would say, yeah. Yeah. So I was thinking like something just to what works out with my exercise schedule, you know, maybe from like two to four, because.

That just, that's usually when I'm kind of brain dead. You know, I can't do anything creatively, but I am very good for coaching at that time because I'm more of a listener than I'm very super right now, mentally active in the morning, talkative. And my job is going to be a lot more listening. So does that make sense to change at least if I don't change the time, maybe I'll just change the. You know, two, four hours broken up into two, you know, days and then that's not too much of a radical change.

And then worry, let my helper worry about if the week starts on a Friday or a Monday and she, she, her mind, she's completely left brain. Her right brain is completely inactivated, if it ever was activated. So she could do that. Yeah, that, you know, again, that's all of these little things, little nuances, you know, about yourself that I don't know, like the time of day that you're most productive. You, you do courses.

So, you know, when people typically will or won't show up. You know what? It's different. It's different for everybody. It seems.

I have some people love to get up at like four or five in the morning and get a crack on the day. Some people like to sleep in some people after lunch, they have to take a nap. You know what I mean? Some people, you know, like. So I'm just going to do it like the way I want it.

Like two to four is great. I'll be back from the gym. You know, if I went that day. So I'm just going to do it then. Yeah.

Yeah. So, you know, I'm not going to be in Europe after October 13th. So if I want to do this class, which I do, I'll have to get up, you know, at three in the morning. Well, you don't do another foundations class. Yeah.

There's another foundations class at noon Eastern. With you? Yes, I'll be. I'm on all those calls. Oh, OK.

So then I don't have to do that. I'm pretty flexible in terms of what I do time wise. Like I just don't like to sleep. And in New Jersey, all I did was want to sleep. I had like narcolepsy.

But in Italy, I never want to sleep. I can't even believe it. I'm so happy here. But I don't I can't get the visa. I'm trying, still trying with my lawyer.

But OK, so that's good. Plus, also on Wednesday, on Wednesdays at noon Eastern, I also do a call, copy call. Yeah, I'm not quite up to that. Yeah, I saw that. Well, it's the same.

It's the same working on the messaging, working on this. You know what? There's so much work involved and it takes I haven't even finished since I was locked out. First of all, I didn't listen to the unique mechanism when I started on it, which was an
enormous waste of time, you know, and now that I knew what it is, well, I guess I had
to do the work anyway. It wasn't that big a deal, but I want to listen.

It takes me like five or six times to listen to something because listening just doesn't
get it in my head. So now I'm listening to the sin offer. And I did a call with Paul and talked about the sin offer. And I understand what it is, but I want to it just takes time to do things right. And I think if you do them right, you can build on it.

Like if I don't have all the benefits to the unique mechanism. It's just going to be harder to go forward when I write this in offer and list all the
benefits. So I might as well get it all right. You know what I mean? Sure.

And also with the competitor analysis, I've been, even though I haven't had the time,
I just wrote a TED talk for someone and I revised another speech and I'm charging people almost
nothing, but I'm just, you know, beggars can't be choosers, but it does take time, all the
things that I'm doing. And I also have the corporate coaching, even though they pay me a pittance. So I'm going to let go of all that once I get my course up and running and people paying. But I looked at one of my competitors and I just added a few things in the competitive
analysis because they actually had the benefits of the first call listed there for people. Like this is what we're going to, the questions we're going to answer for you on the first call.

So I feel like the more, if I can finish up the competitor analysis, I will know without
having to work that hard, all the promises I want to make is these, my competition is
great. I don't, I'm not in the least bit worried about them because none of them do speech writing
and none of them are what I would call literate people. You know, they, they're, all of them have two adjectives, super and awesome and are like
millennial types, if not millennials, you know, that kind of mentality, very uneducated use. They all use words improperly. You know what Todd speaks really simply.

He's never used a word improperly. Like I'm very forgiving. I'm sure I use a word improperly here or there, but these people always do. They use these words. They don't know what they mean.

Like vulnerable. They have not one person has ever used to correctly except Todd. It was like so happy. And I fanatically opposed to the use of that word. I feel like people should be fined for overusing a word.

They want to find us for overusing carbon dioxide. I think we should tax words. I cannot stand. Yeah. Words kill me.

Vulnerable is a toxic word in my vocabulary at this point, but I don't know. I got off on a tangent here. Oh yeah. But the point is I want to do all the homework because none of it is useless. I never did any homework in school, by the way.

I thought it was all useless and I didn't do it and I wouldn't do it. And that was that. I passed my tests and got out of school and I even barely went because that was useless. And I got through all of school and graduate school doing almost nothing. That was useless in my head.

And I'm sure I'm a good judge, but I think all the work here is useful. So just that last question, which is, do you think I can change the days from four hours once, you know, an hour a day to two hours twice a day without getting her too perturbed and feeling like I'm not reliable? I mean, if you're asking me, I would, I would say it's fine. Yeah. Okay.

I'm just nervous about her thinking it's that much up in the air. Although we've been together for years. She and I. Yeah, I wouldn't. Yeah, that's.

You know her, you know yourself. I don't think it'll work out for her. Other people would be on the call on the dot ready. She won't be. She'll be walking down the street.

15 minutes late. I'm not going to be able to handle it. I'm an INTJ. I don't know Myers-Briggs. So I'm in a high I.

I guess you could say. Okay. No, you're not. I'm telling you, I am. I am.

No, because I'll tell you, high I's are way more scattered and laugh constantly and can't remember anything. You may have some I. Are you saying maybe you're talking disc, right? Yeah. Oh, I don't know the I don't know the Myers-Briggs at all.

I forgot it all. You're not a high I on disc. That's for sure. Yes, I am. On disc?

Yeah. Are you an author or workshop leader when you're not doing this? What do you do? When I'm not doing this, I just do freelance marketing for people. Okay.

So I thought from for some reason that you were an author from something Todd said, because that if you don't, there's no way in I would write a book. They would be doing something like freelance marketing where they're interacting and rather than sitting alone in a garret, you know, struggling and suffering over a word. So, okay, maybe I'll, I stand corrected if that's what you do for a living. Yeah. Not only do I natural marketers.

Yeah. Yeah. Not only do I write books, but I also help other people write books. Oh, wait, you do write books. Wait a minute.

Yeah. I don't know. Usually I people can't get anything done. I don't know. Okay.

It's tough for me. It's tough. Now, don't get me wrong. It's tough. My point is that even though she's an I don't assume that she's not going to make the, um, her appointments.

I have. No, well, I already know she doesn't because I, she gets there, but late walking down the street in noisy places. She gets there. It just takes a little longer. It's usually not the ideal environment.

No, I adore her. I love I people. And I actually hung out with an I guy, but he was IS and he did write a couple of books. He wrote one about me. I read 13 pages and I thought it was really, really, really horrible in terms of my character.

So I don't know what followed, but that was unique. I was, he made me, he made me a mass murderer. I just like killed random people, blew up shopping malls and pushed my sister off a roof. And I'm like, that's enough. Wow.

So, yeah. So just, I would say, um, you know, if you know this person, then you can certainly confirm. Okay. So I'm going to tailor it to her and say that, because that's the truth. I can't be holding four hours a week and she comes 15 minutes late every day.

And we need to get nothing done. If, if we, if she and I get a great speech done, she's going to, she's, she's black. So black people, it's like teaching a white or a black person to dance. I mean, it's not too hard with the black person. She's going to have amazing storytelling and delivery ability by nature.

You know, she's going to have a big edge. So she, she could be a great, you know, example of somebody that came through my program. But I'm also very excited about that. You know, she's an, as an eye, she just wants to get up in front of people, whether or not
she's ready, she's just going to go for it because that's a powerful need. And I, to get that attention, to be in that spotlight and to be expressing themselves and
inspiring people.

So she's a great first client. She's really perfect. I hope she pays and does it, you know? Now, the other thing, I guess with the payment, I wasn't really ready for all this, but I'll
just make it easy for her, whatever it is she wants to do. That was my thought.

And do I need a contract? Because I have like this really cumbersome, torturous, impossible to understand contract
for my speaking business that I've never been able to read. People sign it. It says something like they can't sue me and something of that nature. But I didn't even get one from you.

I mean, do I need that? Well, we don't, we don't use them. You know, some coaches do. Some coaches don't. I would say you're writing a speech.

I would. I mean, I'm no lawyer. I would say you probably don't need one. But I have them. Yeah.

And, you know, people I'm sure don't read them and they're not, it's not readable. And I work with someone who has a six page contract and he's a ghost writer. I had a client that wanted me to sign him over the rights to his speech because since I created
it, it was my intellectual property, but he was a total misery and nutcase. So I'm going to consider not having one. My helper loves contracts and rules and regulations, but I wouldn't want to get that in the mail.

I don't even think I got a receipt from you, which is why I didn't know what I paid. Which is good. I don't like to do any of those things. They're like annoying and I'm not going to bother then. So that's the answer is that.

So anyway, I just kind of invented the class as we were talking based on the unique mechanism. Thank God I got up to that. Got up to unique. Doing the unique mechanism so I could talk about to the client what was going to happen in the class. The name of it.

I said it was probably going to be named how to create a 10K speech that sells itself. But at least I had things to say, even if I'm not 100% committed to them. Yeah. I mean, maybe I'm not understanding your question, but. No, no question here.

So the question, my next question is going, let's just go through the mechanism and see if you like the name. That's really all that's important to look at. Oh, just as the name of it. Yeah. Okay.

So I'm looking at the name and you have the four components of a contrarian speech. Yes. Yeah. So I would say I, that's not like, like your method with these four different steps, these four different phases. Um, what do you call that method?

And. Well, that was going to be the method name, but I could just stay with the four C system. Um, this was going to be the, this was going to be the name of the mechanism, the four components of a contrarian speech. Yeah. See, if you have, you can't, the reason why I don't like the, the, that particular name is because you say the most effective way, uh, the fastest way to create a $10,000 speech.

Um, in, in, you know, it's yeah, that's not going to work with the four components of a contrarian speech. And I'll, if I knew that, if you said that, I would think, okay, thank you. And then I would go look that up. I would go look up the four components of contrarian speech. I would look up comparing contrarian speech or whatever.

And then I would know that I wouldn't need you anymore. You see what I mean? You, well, nobody has one, but it is a little cumbersome. You know, instead of the four C system or method. It was helpful to me to just really get focused on the fact that contrarian is kind of going to be my guiding light, you know, that concept.

And it is what I never really intend, but what I generally end up with. So I can just, so the four components of a comparing contrarian speech is really nothing. It's not a promise. It's not. Is there any use to that name for anything?

Um, I like the part, I like the word contrarian. We could probably use that in the name of your, um, unique mechanism. Um, perhaps, uh, I could just stick with four C math system or method. Let's just call it the four C method for now. Okay.

Um, the reality is, I want you to understand this, Lisa, that we're going to be, when we talk about your mechanism, we're going to be talking about the steps. We're going to talk to be, be talking about the things we're going to be teaching about it. And so whatever, um, we do, we can go, always go back and just change the name anytime we want. And it won't change really the, the, um, the, the marketing message at all. No, I understand.

I'm just, I think you're right. Do you like system or method for four C system, four C method? Uh, method. Okay. I'm just changing it.

But anyway, to help guide me in terms of actually in my Ted talk, it really wasn't contrarian. It was interesting and I rewrote it to be contrarian. I just think that's going to be a good word for me, even if it didn't turn out to be the name of my mechanism. Okay. So I'm just going to change that.

Four C method. And then I just started writing the four, the name I had, um, about. Well, instead of being about me, I started writing about the method. Cause before I said, I do this, I do that. And it's really not about me.

It's about this method that I developed. So I think just having it, a name that I related to help me fix the form. Now I know this form is just for me, but I think a lot of what's in there is something I cut and
pasted from stuff I had written before. And I'm sure I'll be able to cut and paste stuff into my marketing copy when the day comes. That's it.

Yeah. Are you, you're talking about the mechanism? No, the copy I wrote for the mechanism that I'll be able to repurpose it for the marketing copy. Okay. So my thesis statement, let's say is the easy way to create a, a 10 K speech.

Just want to review this because I couldn't read my notes that sells itself. Is the easiest way to create a 10 K speech that sells itself is with the 4C method. That's the thesis. Yeah, sure. That's it.

It's as simple as that. And then a lot of times you could use, people use a term. I, I, I tend to like a term instead of a title. Um, again, we'll be able to change this, the name of the unique mechanism name anytime we want. So as an example, um, your thesis could be something like the most of the easiest way to create a 10 K speech that sells itself in, in, uh, I don't know, six weeks or less.

In 90 days. Is by using contrarian persuasion. And so what would, what would contrarian persuasion be? Like, it's just, that's what we, that's your mechanism. No, no, no.

But is that just the title of, it's not the. That's the name of your, if you went, if you went into a, uh, if you went into a college, um, bookstore and got their textbook about speech writing, there would be a section in there. And contrarian persuasion, and it would have like, it would have. Okay. So it's a title instead of the 4C method.

Uh, yeah, it's a name. It's a term. I use, when I write a speech, I use contrarian persuasion and that makes everything so much faster and easier. Okay. So that's an alternative to the 4C method.

Yeah. It's an alternative. And why do you think that's better than the, um, four components of a contrarian speech? And it's not necessarily better. What I'm saying is that when you use a term instead of a title, it makes it easier to come up with big ideas.

So let's say that you wanted to, um, what your big idea was that a, a famous celebrity used your system to, um, to create their speech. And they're making like a lot of money doing that, right. Doing that speech. So instead of saying the, the 4C method, and then he would, then he or she would say, no, I don't use the 4C method. I just did this, you know, and then, but what you could do is you could say that, um, this famous celebrity, they use something that I like to call contrarian persuasion when he writes his speeches.

And let me explain what that is and how great it is and how fast it is. And you know what I mean? So now it becomes, instead of something, making a statement about something they did, you are defining, you're coining a term and then you're teaching it. You're defining it. You're, you're, uh, teaching them what, what that is.

So, um, a lot of times it, I find that having a term instead of a title, like a system or a method is, um, it, it makes it easier when you're coming up with a big idea for your campaign, which we're going to get to later. Right. Okay. Well, I'll play around with contrarian persuasion. I mean, I just, I just pulled that one.

Yeah. Well, you know, but I don't want to use persuasion because it sounds a little bit salesy, you know, like I'm pushing and persuading, but something would contrarian for sure. If I could get another word. Yeah. And I would look at, and the way I usually come up with names is I, I look at.

I go to a thesaurus, right? No, I look at your unique mechanism. I look at how it's constructed, the things it does. I look at things that are different, that it, that are different about it. And then I come up with a phrase, I mean, or a term that describes this mechanism, right?

So one, only one more question on the mechanism. So I have the, the last one is connect. So this is a little, I'm a little stuck on this and connecting is not about speech construction. It's just the follow-up. So does that belong, but it's critical because that's how it sells itself.

Yeah. Well, it's a 10K speech that sells itself. So. Okay. The last part of connect is I say, you keep connecting with audiences and get new clients
by meeting their needs and by turning your speech into Ted talks, webinars, workshops.

And this is true, but should that be part of it? Because then I have to write, you connect with these done for you forms and you create
different formats. It feels like it needs to be another step. Like connect is really about using these done for you forms from your evaluation form to
your voicemail, email, and sales scripts. That's a thing in itself.

And then the last step is you can repurpose your speech for all these different things. And that's really what happens. Yeah. So it's, it's definitely. So should I make that a fifth step?

Because it's really, it's very, one distinct thing is your evaluation form and the done
for you things that get the leads. And then another distinct step is turning your speech into everything. So you keep on connecting with the clients, but it doesn't need to be part of connect. Oh, I see. Like, let's say the fourth C is communicate.

Your evaluation form will get the communication going and the leads coming, the leads flowing
like rhymes. Then, then it'd be the last one. So let's say the last one is connect and you keep connecting because you're going to keep
on meeting their needs with everything you established with your speech. So if they want, you know, and you'll be getting new clients in lots of different venues. So you can easily turn your 60 minute keynote into a 15 minute TED talk, a breakout session
in a conference, the foundation for a course, a webinar, a podcast, video training, and as
a way to launch your coaching practice.

So should that be a whole separate step? Because it is really important. Then you have to make it another step. Okay. Really, it doesn't, it doesn't matter.

It, I mean, you get a, the, the, the point is that your system, there is a system you
follow despite what you named the steps. You've known, but I feel like it should be a separate step because it, this thing has
such a, rather than a kind of bonus feeling to it, you need to know that this is going
to turn into everything you need for life. Then go ahead. Yeah. I would say add another, add another step, make it a, okay, last, last question.

And then I'm done. So one of the last steps in that last thing, which is why I started thinking it really should
be another step is my client said to me, oh, I really want to, I said, you'll use this
as a foundation for your coaching business. I really want to learn how to coach. And I was initially, you know, teetering between teaching speech writing and coaching. And so I just made it up.

I said, well, that's the next course. As soon as you finish, you know, this three months, the next course is how to coach and
we'll do that. And then I thought, you know, maybe what I'll do is run in a year, three months speech writing,
three months coaching, three months speech writing, three months coaching until I get
to the point where I can do it all simultaneously because it's second nature. And she was like, oh, good. So that kind of gave me a part two.

Because I have turned my clients into coaches using this speech as their unique brand of
coaching and a foundation for coaching. Yeah. You know, that almost sounds like another backend service or a backend offer you can make to
them later. I wouldn't even, you know, I don't think that has anything to do with, that's certainly something
you can do with your client. There's no denying that.

It's not part of speech writing. It just, you know, we'll get started coaching on the XYZ method. And they do start off asking about the different, their methodology, but it of course branches
into whatever the client needs, but it is, it does make your coaching something branded
and people want. And I've had client, my favorite client, he was charging $500 an hour to coach. I taught him because I taught everyone in my company where I'm an executive coach, like
literally thousands of people had a coach.

So I created a PowerPoint and a methodology and worksheets. And so I'm almost more prepared to teach coaching than speech writing based on the amount of people
and time I've worked with. You know, it's speech writing. It was hundreds. This is beyond that.

So it just seemed like maybe I could do a follow-up or maybe I would do another speech
writing course and just pioneer and launch a coaching course at the same time. I don't, I'm very excited about teaching and not being a coach, you know, because I think
the possibilities here are so much better for me money wise. And in terms of freedom, because eventually, you know, I'll have the videos. Okay. This is the final, final question.

So I told her, look, while we're, when I'm working with you, I'm going to record everything
and you'll have that recording. And I'm going to use some parts of that, probably mostly me talking, teaching you
for my, you know, material for the future for, for webinars or podcasts, probably just going
to do podcasts. And I said, if you and I have talking about something that's very private and you don't
want to share it and you want to be sure, you know, I absolutely guarantee you that if
you tell me, you know what, I don't want anybody to listen to that conversation. I said, I just, I promise you that I won't use it. And this is, you know, is, I've never, do you do that in the E5 method?

Do you, I had never hear people talking. You don't, I don't see that you have, I mean, the recordings, yes, but you don't actually
do podcasts or webinars that are live. Um, that you put out to the public, except for the internal copy call, right? Uh, yes. Some, well, I'll, I'll say that often that Todd, um, you're going to find that when Todd
does a lot of his workshops, he records them and he makes them available.

Okay. So then he does have the audience interaction. Yes, he does. He does have the questions asked and answered. He does.

And what proportion is, um, he's speaking relative to the audience. Say that again. What proportion is him talking relative to the people, the participants talking? Oh, I would say it's probably around 80, 20, 80% him and 20% Q and a. Okay.

I think that's, what's going to be even in the speech writing course. So I'm hoping to be able to use my conversations with this client as a basis for podcasts. And then eventually I'll just make them, you know, with me just straight out talking. Yeah. Yeah.

That's fine. Yeah. Todd does that all the time. Matter of fact, um, I can, I, we have a call on a Wednesday, you and I, yeah. Um, and I can show you some of the courses and some of the things that Todd has done that,
where he does that, where he takes workshops he's done with people, uh, you know, coaching
and turns those into courses that he sells.

So I'm not sure I'm going to be totally ready. I want to finish the sin offer. It was just Rosh Hashanah. And now it's Yom Kippur, another Jewish holiday Wednesday and Thursday, Wednesday night, but
I could still do it. And then I just won't have the whole sin offer finished if that's okay.

Well, you know, I'm sure I'll have plenty on my mind to do. I'll tell you what, I'll just assume that you're going to show up. However, I'm going to go ahead and email you a, um, rescheduling link. So anytime before the call, if you want to reschedule it. No, no.

As long as you're okay with me not having finished the whole sin offer. Cause that looks massive. Okay. That's fine. Yeah.

No, by then I'll have moved ahead because now I'm really motivated now that I have a
real live student, you know, so this is all not more, it's just not this
abstract homework stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Congratulations on that by the way. Well, let's see if she pays, you know, until the credit card goes through, you know, how
that is in business, right?

Yep. Yep. Yep. Yeah. Cause 10 people could say they're doing it and the, in the end of the day, five do
it.

Who have committed. That's my experience. Same with a party. You invite 10 people, five comes. So I have some chance.

Okay, great. Thank you. You're welcome. I'm going to move on to Nadine because she sent me some time. Hey, Nadine.

Hey, I'm just going to move to the other room. I am with you. So do you have my, what I send you? Yes, I do. I did.

Hold on. Let me pull that up. I even started working on it. Hold on. Let's see here.

Okay. Just give me a second. I'll find it. Okay. Nadine, there you are.

Okay. I went ahead and worked on the lead. Yes, I'm still working on perfecting the SIN offer, but I also feel that once I get the
lead and all the other things up, so it makes sense to, that I can go through the SIN offer
again and connect the dots that I'm putting there in the lead. So you might want to jump. And, you know, I would say, I would say, don't even mess with this.

I mean, you can still tweak on the SIN offer as far as working on what deliverable deliverables
you're going to talk about and also the benefits, but don't spend a whole lot of time there because
I find that most of the time people come back and they always tweak on their SIN offer presentation
at the end, you know. But anyway, I'm going to go to your lead. I just want to integrate your and Lisa's feedback to make it more simple to understand so that
everyone can understand it. So I guess I've been writing in German mindset, English sentences, so that doesn't work so
well. So my question here just before in the campaign lead worksheet, like before I integrated into
the text.

So here I wrote out different, you know, how the unique mechanism is different. So there is different points there and also how it's superior, how it's easy, how like I
just answered all the questions. Now, my question is like looking at the second part where then you integrate it into the text,
like this is far too much text, right? Yeah. So really here's, here's the whole purpose of the lead is by the time they hear it on
your video, you want them to think in their mind, wow, this is different.

This is different. Yeah. This sounds amazing. Yeah. It sounds amazing and different.

And let me turn on my face. I'm sorry. All right. So that's really the, that's really the thing, um, what I did for you. And, and so I'm going through this.

Um, there's a new and different way for you to instantly feel and grow rich, manifest your
goals fast. So you're, you're perhaps. I'll take that out. I just put it that if I would ever want to create a version of this, but that's not going
to be, uh, that's what I, that's what I assumed, um, it's called quantum goaling. And it's very different from the common methods you're likely familiar with because how you
feel and grow, which by, um, okay.

So now then you start talking about with quantum goaling, you activate the end results, skip
linear growth. I think that's more, you know, the notes from above that I just pasted down here. So it's not really yet. Yeah. But then the only thing, here's the thing that what, first of all, this is really good.

This is better than what most people do. I'm going to tell you, and, and I'll tell you why, because, um, a lot of times they'll
say it's very different from common methods of how you feel and grow rich because you, um,
you, you come up with goals that are smart and you, and you, you learn to not procrastinate. And, and so they say things that are actually very common, you know what I mean? And so what you've done here is, is you've actually started talking about how you are
different. You don't want to do any teaching at this point.

Like all you have to do is use your mind. You have to do less in order to be more at the end of the day. Um, you find the sweet balance. You have more. So you're starting to explain things like you're listing the seven different laws of
attraction, vibration, mentalism, cause and effect, gender.

Um, if you said that in the lead, I would say, Oh, what are those? And I would look them up in Google and I wouldn't need your, need you anymore. Right. So, um, let me give you an example. I mean, I, this was kind of a quick example, but, um, of how I would approach your lead just
so you can kind of see what's going on in my head.

And, and of course, I don't know your students the way, I mean, your prospects, the way you
do. Oh, sorry. There's Nadine. There's Nadine. Lots of Nadine.

Okay. So like here I was saying, it's very different to common methods you've tried in the past. Things like smart goals or creating so-called action plans. It's different from strategies that eliminate bad habits has little to do with working on
your self-discipline. It's very different from methods that focus on procrastination or setting daily goals.

And this isn't time management or what the goal setting gurus called chasing the frog. And it's definitely not Pareto. Quantum goaling is very different because you activate your end result using the exact same
universal laws that you successfully, uh, that you use successfully right now in your spiritual
life. And it's very different because you use the same universal laws that every deeply successful
human is using right now. And it has used for centuries.

And just like a jigsaw puzzle, you'll see the new pieces of your life fall into place easily
because there are fewer pieces now. And each pick and the picture side of each piece is facing up. You see each piece with clarity and you snap them together with little effort. Best part of all quantum goaling doesn't require you to constantly welcome criticism from people
who don't understand your true motivations in life. And it doesn't require you to listen to inspirational quotes or speeches before you start the actual
productive part of your day.

So what I'm doing is I'm talking about, this is what it's different from all this stuff that
they're used to seeing. And I just got this from the internet. I have, as far as goal setting, I mean, I used to be in a corporate setting. And so I, I got all kinds of training about, you know, setting goals, but, um, what you're
doing is very, very different. And that's what I'm trying to say, but I want to, I want to say just enough.

So it's exciting. And so that they think this is different. Right. And I want to talk about how easy it is. And I want to talk about things that you don't have to do.

Right. So all of this, by the time they get this, and again, I just kind of threw this together
this morning, but what I'm trying to do is, is make it clear that you're very, very different,
very different and very superior to other things. Right. And that it's, you don't have to do this and you don't have to do that. And it's, it's easy and fast because it's like putting a, a jigsaw puzzle with like six
pieces in it together.

And they're all facing up and, you know, they already have the edges done for you. And, um, anyway, so does that make sense? I I'd like this. I really like what you're doing here. And I know I could tell that these were like notes that you're, that you're putting down
to collect your thoughts.

So I know this isn't your final copy. So what I did was just sort of try to make it sound different, not like the usual stuff. And I kind of listed out the usual stuff and then, does that make sense? Does that help at all? Yeah, definitely.

So, so where, like, just to have order in my mind, where does the kind of teaching or
like, where does that go? So the teaching part, yeah, the teaching part, we're going to get to, we're going to
get to that because first of all, um, this is like the lead is, is, um, you get them
emotionally excited. And then the marketing argument is where we teach them. Okay. So this is what, so by the time I read this, I'm like, wow, this is different.

Quantum goaling is like nothing I've ever heard of before. It sounds amazing, but I've heard things like this or, you know, before. So what is quantum goaling? And, you know, they have a lot of questions in their mind. That's what the marketing argument is for.

You're going to make a lot of claims. You're going to prove those. You're still going to give them emotion in the form of benefits. That's why Todd does that CPB chunk. The B is for the benefit part.

You have to keep that going. You have to keep the benefits flowing, right? The whole time you're teaching what quantum goaling is and how it's different and why it's,
uh, you know, why it works so well. Uh, um, so that comes after this, like, you're going to say, hi, my name is Nadine. And just a quick hundred words or less about why you're qualified to be talking about this.

And then we'll get into the argument where you prove your thesis statement. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Okay. So can I have, can you just copy paste your, your outline so I can kind of just to have to form? Yeah, I'll do this. Yeah. I'll do this.

Put it in the box there. I'll do this. I'll do. Okay. Put my stuff over here.

Okay. So that way I don't, I don't contaminate your, your thoughts. Click on show more and all that stuff. Okay. All right.

That way you stays over here and me stays on over here. Okay. Perfect. Perfect. And then that, you know, this will give you some ideas, right?

And I probably got too heavy with, uh, it's not this and it's not that, and it's not that. And it's different from this and it's different from, I probably went on a little bit too much,
but you got what I'm doing, what I'm doing, right? You say it's very different from common methods you're likely familiar with because of how you
feel and grow rich by, and then you have to have something here. And that's kind of what you're doing. You're going to take this stuff here and turn that into why it's so different than all of the
common methods.

And when you say common methods, um, like common methods of feel and grow rich. Well, I don't know any methods of feel and grow rich. So, you know what I mean? Like you want to make sure that you let them know this is not Pareto principle. This is not, you know, listening to motivational stuff every day.

This is not, uh, you know, all of that stuff. This is different. Um, although maybe that might be in some of this, but. Yeah. So the line between what is different and what is common in terms of the method is.

Yeah. So I have to think about, you know, on what level, let's say if I attract people on a high
level of awareness, so they actually do, you know, meditations and stuff or journaling
or, and then I have to be careful to not, you know, make it down too much, but also to. Yeah. Yeah. So you see how I'm saying, I'm saying like, it's different because you, the same universal
laws that every deeply successful human is using now and has used for centuries.

Right. And I say, it's different because you activate your end result using the same universal laws
that you've successfully used right now in your spiritual life. Yeah. And I'm like, oh, okay. That really isn't time management.

Yeah. You know, that really isn't doing smart SMART goals. That's not, you know what I mean? I want them to understand that this is, and then you say more things about that are exciting
about it, how it's fast, how it's easy and, you know, some benefits of it, but I'm still,
you see, I'm not, I'm not explaining anything. Right.

I don't explain or teach anything. I just want to get them excited about it. And I want them to understand why it's different. Well, it's, I'm using the same things I'm using in my spiritual life. And it's kind of like, it, it almost, it's like on one hand, you're talking about, um,
being productive and, you know, coming up with goals like quantum goaling and then spiritualism.

How does that, how do those hook together? Like that's going on in my head. And that's kind of what you want to happen. You want to get them excited because they probably are excited about the spiritual things in their
life. Right.

Yeah. That probably is something that they do care about deeply. So what, what does that have to do with goals? Um, and what are these seven universal laws that have been going on for centuries and all the
greatest, most successful people, right. Or what is that?

That is, that is not, um, you know, this, uh, other stuff. Yeah. So where like given our title, where do I introduce the muses in the lead, if at all? Um, oh yeah. The muses.

I forgot about that. So that's where, okay, good. I'm glad you asked that. So there's a new different way. Um, then it would be, um,
In my notes in the campaign lead worksheet above.

So where I, I write about how easy it is and how simple it is. Um, so there I actually kind of went over them, but I don't know if, if that's too much, too
long. Yeah, this is too long. I would say, um, like instead of this seven, like I'm saying here, like the seven universal
laws, uh, you could say the seven, um, universal muses or the seven muses that every deeply successful
human is using right now and is used for centuries, uh, or something like that. Um, yeah.

So quantum going, yeah, I forgot about that because we need to, we need to bring the big
idea into the lead as well. So, um, let me just look at this again. Okay. Yeah, so yeah, we need to do that. We need to bring that in here.

So, um, so it'd be, it's true. There's a new, um, for centuries, uh, people have used these six muses to, um, instantly
feel and grow rich or instantly manifest their goals quickly or something. Um, and then this is, all of this is called quantum goaling. It's very different. It's not this, it's not that.

Um, and then instead of this thing about their, um, seven years of universal laws, you would,
you would mention the big idea there perhaps or whatever, uh, you know, I'll let you mess
with it, but the idea is, the idea is that you don't have to be, you don't have to explain
anything. You don't have to, in fact, you don't even have to list those six muses. You can just say that it's based on these, um, six muses that, uh, throughout time, people have done this
and done that. And, and, uh, just, again, you're just trying to make them excited about quantum goaling. That's the only purpose of the lead, which is why it's kind of short, you know?

Um, um, I know that the analogy I use a lot is that if you wanted somebody to watch your favorite
movie, you know, you'd want to like get them excited about it so that they'll watch it. And so you can talk about it, but you don't want to give anything away and you want them to go home
and think, man, I got it. Where can I buy this? Where's it? Is it on Netflix?

Can I watch it now? And, you know, cause they, you want to get them so excited that they want to consume the movie. Right. So that's kind of what we're doing here about quantum goaling, you know, just getting really excited about it. So, okay.

I'll have a look. Yeah. And write it down. Yeah. Does that help?

Yes. Thank you. You're welcome. Could I ask you a question? Uh, me or Nadine?

I wanted to ask Nadine. Yes. You talk a lot about feeling and growing rich. And of course, a lot of us have read Think and Grow Rich. And because I've heard Think and Grow Rich so many times, I feel like it's almost has the same weight as quantum
goaling, which is really what you do.

And that's one thing is I, I kind of want to keep my mind. I'm getting one or the other, either I'm getting feeling grow rich or I'm getting quantum goaling. I feel like it's kind of even right now. And then the other thing is I don't want to feel and grow rich. I want to grow rich because I already kind of feel rich and that makes me spend too much money.

I have that problem. I have to remind myself all the time that I'm poor now. You know, this year made me poor. Really, I act like a rich person. I'm like, Lisa, you really can't buy that.

You can't really go there. You can't really do that. I feel like feeling rich is in my way because it's prompting actions that I shouldn't take. So it's just something to think about. So do you feel like, I mean, I don't want to feel and grow rich.

I just want to grow rich. I don't care if I feel rich or not. I just want that money in the bank. Yeah, but you will never be rich regardless of the money if you don't feel rich. Well, I guess I'm halfway there, but it's not a goal.

I'm just saying I'm not excited about the idea because maybe I just feel that way because that's
how I grew up and, you know, it's just my natural state. You know, every time I've been poor, I have to keep reminding myself unless there's no reason
to remind myself because there's no options. You know, I have a dollar in my pocket and that's that. But I don't think it's a goal to feel and grow rich. I think it's a goal to grow rich.

That's my question. Like, do you feel like you have to put that there? Yeah, because riches really isn't necessarily correlated with money. There is a lot of millionaires that don't feel rich. They feel actually, oh, the other one has this.

Oh, now I also have to fly to space. Otherwise, I'm not rich and stuff. So, yeah, it's really about feeling rich. And riches is not only the money. It's rich experiences, is rich in love.

Like, there's so many things and they really go hand in hand. And in terms of the law of attraction, it does work with the feeling. So when you go to Lisa, I cannot afford this. You are not feeling rich. I am feeling rich.

I just really have to remind myself that I can't buy that thing. I am feeling like I can buy it. I do feel that way. I feel like, yeah, that's the kind of thing I should have. But it's not so much that problem that I have.

It's just not a goal that I've ever had to feel rich. I'm really interested in just growing rich. And that doesn't necessarily mean money. You're right. Yeah.

Unless it's accompanied with a feeling, there is no end to it. You will always want to grow rich. Never mind if you already reached millions, multi-millions. My parents were rich and they grew up poor and they always felt poor. And I always thought about that.

Like, what's wrong with them? Why do they have that poor mentality? But I came with the second problem. They went from poor to rich. I went from rich to poor.

This is my second journey in that direction. But okay, just a thought. Thanks, Lisa. Hey, Tom, I'm going to move on to you. Amen.

How's it going? The only input I got from you was that you're stuck. So I didn't really get anything to look at. I also noticed that we also have a call today at... At two.

At two. Yeah, two your time, three my time. I wanted you to nudge me now. Then I could be like cracking on with some stuff. Okay, cool, man.

So where are you stuck? So basically, I had this kind of like thing where like, you know,
we've got the sin offer, which I was working on. You left me just to fill out the sin offer. Like, surely this guy can just crack on with that now. And then I was like, obviously, my brain started thinking about,
well, wait a minute.

We were talking about effectively the espresso martini, right? How to, you know, the unique mechanism of the brewing and all that. And that's the kind of, that's the secret that we've got to tell everyone. Yeah? Okay.

How to brew this themselves. So we're kind of, the lead is, you know, find out here. Like, we'll download maybe, well, you know, a PDF of how to do it or something. Or that was the idea. And then, which is fine, but we're kind of stuck on this offer being $120 or something,
right?

Because you then thought, make it a phone call. And then I thought to myself, well, why can't I put a box of stuff together? So if they wanted to go down the route of brewing it themselves, we could do like a little filter bag
and some, a small kit. So you're sort of true to that. You know, this is about giving that information and being that not content.

You're sort of true to that by saying, if you want to do this yourself, it's amazing. It's the best way to get the best pop of flavor from the coffee. It'll really bring it through to the drink. You know, you can get the best, the crema on, on, on the cocktail to do that. You must follow these steps, right?

This is the simple brew method. There you go. There's your information or click here. You can buy a little pack and do it yourself too. Or, or then here's the done for you, which is the product.

Do you see what I mean? So I wanted to, so it kind of changes what I'm talking about. If I'm shoehorning this kind of box of bits in, which is the kind of the, the, the, you
know, the picnic basket of what you need, right. To have a good time to make it happen. So the, the, some filters, some, some pre, some pre-made stuff.

I thought we could kind of like inside rather than give the absolute ingredients, we'll give
kind of our certified ingredients mixed together. So there's still a bit of secrecy in there. All right. So we do that. That's then, that's then the, that, that then creates that conversation.

When we still lead them to a call, if they want to talk about maybe the done product
and we, we just give them something to buy and go away and then something to then talk
further about, or then there's the done product. And we could even put some of that done product in the basket as a sample. We'd say, look, try that. Do you see what I mean? Yeah.

Yeah. So yeah, those are, those are all good questions. You, you're kind of different. You have a, you have a, the thing that's cool about your call, your call is actually, that's
how you're going to deliver. You're going to give them the deliverables, right?

It's not, most people have, you know, you click here, you fill out a form, you give them
your credit card number and they get the thing. Well, you want to avoid that. Right. So yours is, man, give it, give me a call. We'll talk about these things and I'll send you, uh, you know, the, the instant, you know,
your bottle.

Yeah. Because really what, here's the thing you have, you've explained the way to make the
perfect espresso martini, right? Perfect. Right. It's, it's going to be delicious.

It's going to knock everyone's socks off when they, when they deliver it to their, give
them their, um, the people there, they'll be able to do it quickly because I set all
that stuff up ahead of time. Right. So, um, but when you get to the sin offer, when you segue to that, you say, so that's why,
um, now that you understand how great this system is, let me tell you about what I've
done. I've taken all of that and put it in a bottle. So it takes a second.

Everything I just explained, everything in that mechanism that you now desire, I put it
in a bottle. It's easy. And I'm going to give it to you for free. All you got to do is get on a call with me. I'll just make sure you're a bartender and it's on its way.

Right. That's, you see what I mean? You're the, the, the marketing argument is all about proving that your system for creating
the perfect martini is the best in the world. All right. And you prove that you prove that that's what we're going to do.

But then you say, and that's why I spent hundreds of thousands of dollars and bought all this
and bought the most expensive equipment in order to create this for you. It comes in a bottle. It's done. It's all, you don't have to do, you don't have to do that. The, the, um, what was it?

20, 48 hour cold brew or whatever. You don't have to do that. You don't have to grind the beans to the exact right size. And you can only do that with, like, it's a real pain in the ass on volume. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

And I'm talking week after week, and that's only going to last you a day anyway. And you're going to have to do it the next day. Instead of all of that, I put it in a bottle and I just want to send it to you for free. So you can check it out. Just get on a call with me.

And so you see how it's, you don't have to, um, we're not delivering any of the filters. We're not delivering the grinder, none of that stuff, man, just the bottle and whatever
other deliverables you want to send them like the best way, like the 101 bartender jokes
or whatever the, you know, the bonuses are, right? Or, um, the, uh, the best jokes to use in mixed company or the best, you know, whatever. Yeah. Yeah.

Cool. Yeah. That's fun. So, yeah. Does that help?

Does that clear things up? Yeah. That's fine. It's a lot easier. It's a lot easier than you think it is because you have.

I know. I was like, come on. Why am I not getting here? Yeah. It's a, you got a push button thing.

Yeah. That's why people will. And it's okay that it's expensive, that it actually, it's cheaper than buying that grinder
that you have and the, all of the machinery that you're using, that cold press and all
that, that stuff. If they do it right, they got to buy some expensive stuff. Right.

Yeah. So you're probably saving the money anyway. You're definitely saving them time, but it's why, um, like the best option. Offers, the best sin offers have an element of, um, fast and easy, right? Those are the best ones.

And it doesn't matter the price, which is why, um, you know, there's diets and there's
like exercise routines and there's liposuction. Liposuction is thousands and thousands of dollars, but man, is it fast? You walk in fat, you walk out skinny. Yeah. You know what I mean?

Yeah. And it's the same thing with, um, a pill, like a weight loss pill, no diets, no exercise. You take a pill and you, you get skinny. So you, what you have is a pill. You've got a magic pill.

They have the perfect martini. It's fast and it's easy. And those are like the two, uh, uh, you know, when it comes to a sin offer, if you can have
fast and easy, man, it's like, it converts, especially free. You've got free, fast and easy. You know what I'm saying?

They're not going to, how will they not take you up on this offer? It's a no brainer. Yeah. You know what I mean? It's free that I'm just going to sit because I want you to try it.

Uh, they understand, they understand how, how, um, how hard it is to do it on their own,
to have a perfect one. Right. Like to set all that stuff up. So that's fast and easy for them. Yeah.

But they got to do that. They do that crap every day or every week, or somebody has got to do it. They got to hire somebody to do it. And you just send them a bottle, man. So, yeah, that's, that will get you, that will get, especially bartenders, man, because
they're not, it's free, you know, they're not rich.

Right. And they'll take it to work with them and they'll try it and it'll, it'll be amazing. Right. So. Okay.

Cool. So I'll go and fill out that sin offer with that in my mind now, and then we'll have
a catch up or two. Okay. All right. Is that okay?

And we'll put it on next. Yeah. Sounds like a plan, man. And you know what, and keep in mind, what, what is the primary promise again? Refresh my mind.

What's. Um, you can make an espresso martini in 25 seconds, basically. Okay. All right. In 25 seconds, um, without a coffee machine.

Yeah. So another, another deliverable might be, um, like a training video by the, by, um, two
of the greatest bartenders in the UK or whatever the most, you know what I'm saying? Like you can find them. I know, you know, the guys, I know, you know, some like the most popular bartenders in the
country, you know, two of them, they, they, uh, here they are using it and the things they
do and that, that, you know what I mean? Like special training on how they really move the crowd and really become the, because it,
it, another, another, um, as I recall, another big, uh, um, benefit of your system is that
they're the hero, right?

Yeah. Right. And, and, and everybody talks about them, you know, how, how this guy became the greatest,
you know, yeah. How did he get, how did he make it? How did he make it, um, with, uh, by doing martini by, you know, espresso martinis and,
uh, and other tips, other things, you know, but that's certainly another deliverable that
you could do, but really let's talk about martini, espresso martini fast.

So, and then of course you're, you're the back end, um, king too, with all the other
products you have, right? Yeah. Yeah. It's just so much else there that can just be done. Yeah.

That's the thing. That's the thing. We just need to get a lead generation. This is what the point is for this. Yeah.

And that'll, man, you have there every now and then somebody comes through and they've
got like this, a push button magic pill offer. And I just know it's going to crush, especially the price, the price point, which is like zero. Yeah. So it's a no brand little box of stuff like in there, like the, the coffee we can put
like, I don't know. Yeah.

Like a little card of jokes in there. I don't know. Some fun stuff. Um, yeah. Yeah.

All right. Okay, man. Um, so do fill out that sin offer. Then what would be next after that? If I was to do that, what's the next thing to do?

Um, the sin offer after the sin offer, I'm trying to remember. Oh, excuse me. Huh? Um, so the next thing we need to do is come up with your, um, let's see, do we have, do
you have a lead yet? Uh, you know, you need to, we need to come up with a big idea for you and a lead and a
headline.

That would be the next step. Okay. Okay. To really like the thing that I, were you watching what Nadine was going through right
now? Yeah.

Yeah. So it's the same thing. Like your, your, um, mechanism. We just want to get them really, really excited about it so that they listen to the rest of
your presentation. Yeah.

About your mechanism. Right. And that's what we'll do. We need a big idea. Yeah.

Okay. So I think for you, it probably won't be that hard. I think maybe, um, it could be like, maybe there's some celebrity, like really, um, popular
bartenders in, in the country that every, everyone, like other bartenders know of maybe
that you also know, or maybe there's that, um, who knows, maybe that's maybe scientific research
or something we'll come up with something, but yeah, for now, the, the send offer, we'll
just, let's nail that and then move on to the big idea. Yeah. Okay.

Cool. Brilliant. Cheers, man. All right. Cool.

All right. Thanks, mate. Okay. So, um, it's 10 20, still got a half hour. Looks like no one else's usually somebody else shows up in the morning.

Who was that? Who usually pops in here? The guy from Spain. I forgot his name. Oh yeah.

Yeah. The Italian guy also. Yeah. Yeah. Alex.

Yeah. Alex, Alex. Alex and, um, and, uh, uh, not, not who knew, but, um, Javier. Yes. Javier.

Yeah. So, so they'll usually pop in towards the end of the call. Maybe sometimes. I can, I can discuss forever. I don't know about Nadine, but I took a lot of time.

Maybe Nadine, you want to share some more. Yeah. Nadine's, Nadine's going to work on our lead. You got any more questions about your lead, Nadine? Well, not right now.

I'll have to work on it. Oh, there's the microphone. I'll have to, I, I'll want to, you know, go and focus, but right now I'm. I just focus also another thing. Okay.

All right. So my creative time is usually in the evenings, but thank you. Oh, not me. Not me. By the time the evening gets here, I'm shot.

My brain is done. But so how about you, Lisa? What else you got for me? So, um, we can keep talking until somebody else shows up. Um, yeah, yeah.

So in terms of my, this is the next question, since I have to talk to my client again, I'm
wondering if I should call this a program, a course, a masterclass, any thoughts on that? Um, what should you call it? Yeah. Um, like what is the five C? What do you call it?

Oh, that's just your mechanism. Oh, excuse me. No, no, no. But what do you call what you have? If I was to tell someone, oh, I'm doing this amazing blank.

Is it a course? Is it a masterclass? Is it a training? Oh, coaching. Oh, you just call it coaching.

Yeah. You're in E5 coaching. Okay. So I didn't know that. Yep.

Yep. E5. Okay. So I can just call it a coaching program, especially since it's going to be live. Yeah.

And it really will be coaching. Now in now, so that's E5 coaching is a name of our program, but our mechanism that we teach
you is the E5 method. So in our case, the E5 method and E5 coaching are the kind of similar names. Like before we had E5 coaching, we had another program called acquisition accelerator. So the E5 acquisition accelerator program, where we taught and coached E5 method, right?

So the mechanism is still the same in that case. But that's what you're in now is the E5 coaching program. Okay. So in my case, I'm playing around with the 10K speech that sells itself. But I told you there are some real drawbacks to that in that some people are starting at
10K and some people, for whatever reason, just might not get there because their delivery
is so terrible.

Although my top clients had the worst delivery, the ones that made it to 25,000 because the
speech was so good. So maybe I don't need to worry about that. But in the end of the day, how do I know, do I name this the 5C or contrarian persuasion
or some version thereof, or the 10K speech that sells itself? In other words, when I talk to people about it, how do I make that choice? Okay, well, we're going to prove that your 5C method is the best way to create a 10K speech
that sells itself.

That's what we're going to prove. Now, you could call your program anything. You could even call it the 5C coaching program. You could call it the, it doesn't matter, because by the time they're done, they're going to
want the 5C coaching method, right? I mean, I'm sorry, the 5C method.

So even if you said, if you called it the Lisa program, right? Which is, don't call it that. Well, I'm going to be on a call talking about it. So I want to know what to call it. Whatever the program you call it, the bottom line is that you're going to teach them the
5C method in order to write a 10K speech.

So good thing I didn't name my mechanism since it's just grown to five. Oh, I had like another. Oh, yeah. So here's my big question. So when we started, you and I, we talked about me reaching out to athletes.

But when I looked at all of the other programs, none of them reached out specifically to athletes
and only two people, even when I Googled them, and this woman is not an athlete. And I think I have a big email list with a very tiny portion of athletes. So I'm kind of thinking at this point that there's enough interest today in people being
speakers, probably because of the pandemic, because people are starting over and
their businesses are decimated. And this is a dream they've held maybe their whole life. And I feel like I should just drop the athlete market now because my first client is already
not an athlete.

And that's not my email list. And I might be able to just pull everybody out of people I've worked with that were prospects
that I never converted because of my price or the time wasn't right. So what's your thought on that? Just kind of going for newbie speakers. That would be my new market.

Yeah. If you're going to go for newbie speakers, then either people that have never spoken or
only getting three to 5,000, which is the first price wrong when you're a professional. Yeah. So I would say like if they're newbie speakers, like newbie speakers, are you talking about
people who find it difficult to stand in front of people and talk? Is that how new they are?

No, I don't know. I don't work with I don't work on delivery. I'm not Dale Carnegie or I'm not that interested in dealing with insecure, nervous people and
helping them not be jittery. That's just not me. I'm not very sympathetic to that because I provide a way to get through it very, very effectively
because you have to.

So I think I have a fabulous way to help people like that. But I don't want to work for months on people's confidence since I'm just just not me. I like high achievers. Yeah. You're going to be I had a client that like Lawrence Olivier used to vomit before he would
get on stage and do Shakespeare.

I mean, I get that. But so I thought newbie speakers and here's my other question. I might as well throw them in together. And the other thing is I saw people advertise and get to a 15K speech. So I'm wondering if I was looking at two different programs and one said, we'll get you to 15K.

Now they do that by shooting you. They make a fake audience, like a fake breakout session, and they do this really slick video
for you and do slick copy. And they say, the reason you're making $3,000 is your materials don't look professional. So you'll come to our two-day workshop and we'll take these videos and pictures of you
and you'll look successful. And we're just going to copy what successful people have in their videos and marketing.

But if I was looking at two different things, I thought, do I want to spend three months
writing a speech to get to 10K or just spend two days and make fake stuff and get to 15. I might do two days and get to if that's really the magic. And that's what the guy says. Yeah, so here's the thing. I want you to understand, first of all, that if you're thinking of changing your audience now,
you came up with your primary promise because that's what you knew that the audience you were thinking about.

Yeah, I really never was thinking about athletes. I just said I need to niche. I was always thinking about newbie speakers because even though I work with a lot of athletes,
there's still a lot of people in the world that are not athletes that want to be a speaker that I've encountered. I just ended up getting a lot of athletes because from word-of-mouth marketing, one would tell another. But they're not the easiest people to work with because they tend to be what I call illiterate.

And that means a lot of if they're going to be coached, that's tough because they can't write a clear sentence. So your promise of creating a 10K speech that sells itself, right, that was based on an audience. What audience was that based on? My audience in my head was always newbie speakers, although I decided for the sake of this program to niche to athletes. But I'm feeling like I might want to mention them, but I feel like I don't want to niche to athletes.

And I'm now wondering if I should promise 15K, just a thought. Those are the two thoughts. Yeah. So if newbie speakers want a 15K speech that sells itself,
and since your audience was, your audience you had in mind and that you researched before was that, that's who they were,
then that means that the promise is still good. Okay.

I don't think, I don't think they know if they want, the people I'm going to talk to be happy to get 10K for the most part. Believe me, they'll be happy to get 5,000. A lot of them consistently. I feel like 15 is a stretch. That's for the people that I would normally talk to.

They'd be thrilled to get 10,000. But I saw my competition is saying 15. That's where I'm bringing it up. Okay. So, all right.

So who are your competition targeting? So this particular person, I'm looking at a lot of people,
is targeting people that are stuck at 5,000 or 3,000. He's saying, listen, you're stuck with this three to $5,000 speech. And that's because you, that's what you look like. Because your marketing materials are bad.

I can help them help you by making them good and by copying what $15,000 speakers have in their website and their one sheet and their video. So he's not targeting people that have no speech, like real beginners, which I am. So he's targeting people that just can't get past 5,000. So do the people who you are targeting, does your audience, what do they believe about themselves and about the market and about giving speeches in general? Do they believe that 15,000 is unbelievable?

Is that something that's believable to them that's even possible? I think it is, but not in three months. Regardless. In other words, they don't think they're going to graduate in three months. They have no speech at all.

Or one that nobody paid them for. They got. I don't know that. But I know when I say 10,000, they're excited, but they're a lot more excited when I say got people to 25,000. A lot more excited.

Like they don't say wow when I say it could get you to 10,000. But when I said I got two people to 25,000, I got the wow. So I'm like, hmm, I guess inflation now. 10,000, I guess, isn't that exciting. I used to tell people for a million dollars, could you do this?

And they would say yes. And then they stop. And then I'd say for 5 million. And then I could get a response. People are so ambitious.

It's amazing. But it may be 10,000 just isn't that exciting. But see that what I'm asking you is what do you know about their beliefs, about what they think? I don't know. As much as I probably have hundreds and hundreds of forms of people saying what they want.

None of them differentiated between 10,000 and 15,000. So I really don't know the answer. Are there newbie speakers you can talk to and ask? Oh, yeah. Absolutely.

So I could just say, how much are you dreaming of making a speech? And if they say 10, then I know. And if they say 15, then I know. Not dreaming of making. What do they believe is possible?

Think you can make. Yeah. I'm just saying if I have one of my competition is saying, not to absolute beginners, that in two days you go to Ohio, we do this marketing magic on your materials and you get 15,000. And I'm saying in three months you get 10. That just makes me a little concerned.

Like maybe 15 is the new 10. You know what I mean? I think it might be believable. I think the truth is if you can hit 10, you can hit 15 because there's not much difference. I would agree with you.

Once you're over the $10,000 hurdle. Yeah. I would agree with you. So I might as well do 15. But only because I know people who do it.

Right? But my question is if you're going after newbies. As soon as you hit 10, you can just ask for 15. Yeah. For them, 10,000 is like even that anybody would hire them for any amount of money is a dream for the most part.

They're not getting 10,000. Most of the people that come to me, those hundreds of forms, there were some that I met in speaker conventions that were already getting 15 and 20 that hired me. Or more. Actually, or more. But I didn't get them.

Well, I met them personally, you know, at conferences and they heard about me. They knew my reputation. I never did any marketing, but there was no. If I had said, I'll get you to a $10,000 speech, they wouldn't have hired me. That's for sure.

Because they're already making that. The truth is that there are clients that are out there that are wanting to get to $50,000. It's possible. I get that. Okay, I get that.

But Mike, what I need to, what you need to understand is what do your prospects believe? Your prospects. You're not, you're going after the newbies, not the ones who are already making $5,000. Yeah, so the answer is I don't know if they, if $15,000 is, seems reasonable to them. Yeah, so.

I don't know. It would be, how hard would that be to find out? Like, do they believe that it's possible? That it's even something that they could achieve? Right?

See that when you, when you, we're going to prove something. We're going to prove that whatever the promise is, it doesn't even have to be in the headline. We're going to prove it. But it still has to be something that's believable. Okay, so I would say if I really want to be a person of integrity and give evidence,
I have a lot more people that I got to 10 than above 10.

Well, we're going to prove whatever. We're going to prove whatever. You've gotten people to 25. That's okay. Yeah.

I mean, it's possible. Your system will create a $25,000 speech, right? We know that. Yeah, but the evidence is only two people that went from below 10 to 25. But, yeah, so your audience, your audience that you're choosing to go after now, the newbies.

I think they, there's something in the speaker personality. They believe, they do believe they could hit even 25. I can tell them. I can tell when I say 25, they got excited because they saw themselves make it 25. They weren't excited about my client's success.

So they have, there's a kind of megalomania gene that makes someone a speaker. Like, I meet people, they have no idea what they want to say. They don't really care. They buy a canned speech if they could get up in front of an audience. And some of them have just taken stuff that I trained people in and gone out with it.

They just want a topic. They just want people to look at them and clap and pay them. There's nothing wrong with that. You know, everyone has their own drives. But a lot of people think that they don't really care.

It's really not about the speech for them. It's not. It's not about their message. Any message will do. I've had two people take, three people take training programs and discs that I wrote that had no part in the creation of it and didn't care.

They don't care about speech writing. Zero. They just write me a speech. I just want to get in front of people. And yeah, if I told them you can make $25,000, they'd believe it.

And maybe they can. Who says they can't? They have the good personality, a little charisma, and good quality speech. You can. And there's people that don't even have that, in my opinion, that I find unbearable that make that much.

But they have something going on. They have a good story, you know, whatever it is. So it sounds like people at the $25,000 range that they were just in the military and cool and had a couple of good stories. And, you know, not much. Somebody's got to get up on those big stages and those big conferences.

And people like military, for example. Well, if you're going to change your... Well, if you feel it's necessary to change your audience... 15K, it's not a big difference between the 4C method for 10K. We're not...

This is an exponential change. Yeah. And that's... Yeah. So what I'm saying is you've looked at your competitors and you've seen what they're successful with.

Yeah. You're also identifying that they are talking to a different audience than you're talking to. Right? So my point is... No.

Maybe half of my people have no speech. And the other half have the three to five. The junkie speech. But more of them have no speech or... Yeah.

But I'm just saying if I was a person in the three to five thousand and I saw an ad go to Ohio for two days and get materials. And I think he charges like 7,000 or something. And make 15,000 or go to Lisa's 90 days of speech writing, blood, sweat, and tears and make 10. I wouldn't consider going to mine. I wouldn't go.

Never. I'd be like, okay, I'll just have my rinky-dink speech that I think will work and get these amazing materials and get rich. This is not like the genius market here. You know, they're not. These aren't people in academics.

In academia. I've worked with some teachers. They were like leagues away from these people. So, in terms of intellectual capacity, really a pleasure to work with. Love teachers.

So, what would you say is your question to me right now? Should I bump up to 15,000? That's the question. And should I let go of athletes as a market? Two different questions.

Yeah, so to answer your question, if I would say bumping up to 15,000 is fine. Based on what you've just told me, based on what you say you know about your audience, I would say bumping up to 15,000 is fine. Now, your question is, should you give up on athletes or not? Yeah, I kind of feel like I want to already. Well, that's your decision.

And if you speak to professional athletes in your campaign, then the newbies are not going to be interested in it. That's what I think. Right. And if you talk to newbies in your campaign, professional athletes are probably not going to be interested in that either. No, I don't think so.

I think they are. You think they are? Yeah, and I could just tell stories about athletes. You know, I could sprinkle a little athletic stuff in there. Yeah.

They're looking in the same place. They're not looking for speech training for athletes. They're just looking for speech training. I get that. But you see, if you talk about professional athletes being able to do this and do that in your campaign, then newbie speech writers, unless they're an athlete, will recognize that, oh, this is not fully.

This is, they're not speaking to me directly. Right. Right. So they're going to pick up on that. And so now there are a lot of options to choose from.

Right. There are a lot of newbie courses out there for speech, for people who need speeches, for speech writing. And so those campaigns for newbies never, never, never had a speech before, a professional speech before. Now you can have a $15,000 speech. Actually, I didn't see.

No, I did not see anybody selling the speech. They're like, you're a speaker. You have a message. Let me show you how to take it to the masses. None of them were like, you have no speech.

You have no message, you know, very few say that I'll take you right from the ground up and you'll have your speech done. You'll get coaching on your speech as if there is a speech. They talk to people as if they've already gotten some kind of start. I mean, there are people that will get you a speech from the ground up. They're just not really pushing on that point.

That's all. Yeah. And I would say, like, I'm just looking in, like in Google, speech writing courses, not only are there 249 million results for that, for speech writing courses, but the whole page is full of ads. There's four ads. Wait a minute.

On the first page, there are four, four ads, five ads. That's on page one. Page two, one, two, three, four, five, five more ads, six more ads. So, and those are just ads, but there are still 249 million results for speech writing courses in Google. So, I'm thinking, if somebody is, if they saw your campaign and you're mentioning, you're talking about professional athletes, this and professional athletes, that, regardless if it's just sprinkled in.

If I'm not, if I'm not a professional athlete, if I'm a newbie, I'm going to think, well, one of these other 249 million possibilities is probably more something along the lines of what I need. Right? Does that make sense? I think that they don't want just instructions on how to write a speech. That's why I don't even use the word write in it.

Mine is how to create a 10K speech that sells itself. They really are at least halfway, half their interest is launching. Yeah, but nobody, it's doubtful that somebody is going to look for a course about writing a $15,000 speech that sells itself. They don't know it exists. You're right.

What are they going to look for? If they don't even have, no, they wouldn't look for it. And if they don't, if they've never written a speech, it is a big deal to get to $15,000 or just wondering if they could even get to the end of the speech and deliver it without fainting. Yeah. Yeah, there's training on.

I think I'm going to stick with 10K and I'm just, I could, look, I could do my first. Okay. I wouldn't even, I would have stayed with the athletes, but my first client is already not an athlete. And if she brings someone in, or if I talk to my prospects, I may get another non-athlete. So I don't want to promise a class for athletes and there's other people in it.

That's why I'm a little concerned. Make it $12,000. Make it $11,000. No, but let's forget the money. Let's go back to the market.

I think I should just do, the question is, do I go for athletes? Or there's a generic word. I could just say, if you're a champion, you know, you, you're a winner, whether it's in sports or any other field, you know, you have a story. You can take it into the corporate world and schools and nonprofits and earn $10,000 for a speech in one hour. Right.

But, but see, now you're talking about headlines and you're talking about words. Yeah. But I'm just saying I could, instead of saying athletes or newbies, I wouldn't say newbies, but I could just say you're a champion. Then athletes would relate to that. And then I'd say, whether as an athlete or in some other field, you know how to win.

Right. You can win in the speaking world, you know, as, yeah, it's a headline. So I'm not excluding non-athletes, but I am talking to them. Yeah. But that's, there's a difference between, there's a difference between how you address people, how you talk to people, the words, the copywriting.

And what I'm really going for, I don't know, I'm just feeling because I already have this non-athlete client, I don't want to start advertising athletes and then she's in. Why not? Why not? She's not going to see it. How is she going to see your, your campaign?

How is she going to see? She's not. She's not. You're right. So what do you care?

And they're not going to care if she's in the class and they don't, you know. Yeah. Especially if you're going after athletes, she's, she's, she'll never see it. And even if she does. No, but then when the class starts and there's like five athletes and one non-athlete.

And even if she did, the worst case, she would think, oh, looks like Lisa does that too. No, no. But what would they think that, why did Lisa say this is a class for athletes and she's got this non-athlete here? But it's just something you also do. Right.

It, I mean, that's easy to explain. You have campaigns for athletes. You have campaigns for new people. You have. Okay.

But they all go in the same class. So I could just stay with. Yeah. You have campaigns for military people. You have campaigns.

I mean, there's all kinds of. Okay. But they end up in the same class. I reach out to athletes. I reach out to military.

I reach out. And then they all. Okay. That's what I. Your mechanism works regardless.

I thought I only could have athletes in my class. No. Okay. So I thought I'm advertising class for athletes exclusively for athletes, but I'm not. So that settles that.

Yeah. Yeah. Don't now don't try to. Yeah. Okay.

Now I get, I get what you're, I get where you're going. Your course, your program, your coaching, whatever it is that there's a lot of people
that will serve. I get it now. I totally sort differently. Yeah.

I think I'm going to stay with 10 K in the beginning. Okay. Because for someone who doesn't have a speech, which is a lot of the people I work with,
at least half, it's just too daunting. The 15. It's unbelievable.

I think. Most of my clients will be delighted to get 10,000 throughout all the ones that have hired
me. So that is their goal. And I could just move it up, bump it up. Maybe my next course to people that would I tell people that I already know that they're
making that much money as I just tell them, and this is the truth.

I can get you up 5,000 sometimes immediately. Sometimes I just tell them want to just ask for more money and they do it. And they're like, Oh my God, you're a genius. That's sometimes all it is. I said, just ask for 10 or, you know, just ask for whatever the number is.

They're already at 10, maybe ask for 15. People don't care between 10 and 15. Just ask, ask for 18. That's what I tell them. And then they'll, they'll be happy to give you 15.

And I teach them how to have that negotiated conversation and it's really worked for people. Good. Good. Yeah. So I'm going to do a campaign for athletes and also for non-athletes and they don't have
to worry.

I think I'm just going to start at 10 for the first one. That's what I feel like. Because the 15 is not for new people. Nowhere in his copy, that guy, did he say, if you don't have a speech, it doesn't matter. Just come and get your video and your one sheet.

You could even, now, let me just remember that what you promise and what you say in
your headline are different things. What you promise is what we're going to make them believe by the time you're done. Right. But how do you attract them? The kind of words you say?

The head. Well, I say 10 K or more. So I could always say that. You know, if you're new, I can get you to 10 K and if you're already getting 10 K, you'll
get 5,000 more. No problem.

You could say add $10,000 to the price of your speech, even if it's zero right now. Oh, yeah. That's a great idea. That would do it. That would do it.

I mean, that's an idea of a headline, but that's not your promise. Your promise is still a $10,000 speech that sells itself or a 15,000 or 25,000, whatever
it is. We'll get them to believe it. Right. But your headline can be all kinds of things.

Okay. I like the idea also of having that as a headline, you know, get you to 10, even if you're at
zero to add 10,000, even if you're at zero. Yeah. Why not? Even if you're at zero.

10,000 isn't that much these days. It seems. Apparently. Apparently. It's, I mean, look, there are people that make a lot more than that.

I saw other competitors touting getting five or seven in the one I really focused on and
analyzed. But I think promising five or seven, you might as well promise 10. Just make a speech every month. One speech a month. That's all you got to do.

You're done. No, no. They just have to. Actually, you only need one speech to make a lot of money. You only need one.

Now, that's what I mean. Give that speech once a month. And you're done. Yeah. That's what some people do.

Generally, though, they, they, a lot of people aim for 100 times a year. They do. And that usually they get burned out and miserable and have no family life. And, but a lot of people aim for that, which is crazy. Personally, I, I, I was, when I was a speaker, I think a realistic schedule is twice a month.

That's very livable because it's really, you're not just getting on an airplane and giving your speech for an hour and getting on an airplane. You're, you're going to get there the day before because you want to meet with the people and you, your flight could be canceled and you'll miss your speech. And then you're not going to leave right after. They're going to want to go to dinner with you and there's coaching opportunities. It's really three days.

You're getting 10,000 in three days. So you're getting 3,300 a day, which isn't such a big deal, you know, in the world of coaching and consulting. It's not that much, you know, when you really see that it's a three day, plus you're flying. So it's even more. When you really look at it, you might even look at it between packing and unpacking and the limos and the airport and the whole thing.

You're, it's almost up to five days, which is a $2,000 day, which isn't a phenomenal amount of money for a lot of people in America. Yeah, it's not as snazzy as it looks or as fun, but now we, people are doing zoom and that a lot of people are getting paid very, very little. Although some people say they're making good money. So we'll see zoom, you know, changing the world and, uh, who knows? Yeah, it is.

Okay. My little timer thing just kicked in. So that means I've, I've got, um, another call coming up in. Okay. Well, this has been incredibly helpful.

So good. Good. Yeah. I'm just, I'm so excited. Really excited now.

Thank you so much. And I'll talk with you Wednesday. I'll get somewhere. All right. Looking forward to it.

Bye-bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.
