---
title: "Foundations 2022-02-07 17:01:02"
date: 2022-02-07
duration: 43m
duration_seconds: 2606
vimeo_id: 674541578
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations 2022-02-07 17:01:02

**Date:** 2022-02-07 | **Duration:** 43m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey, David, you're muted. How's it going? Good, man. I was just asking about you today. I'm here.

I'm alive and kicking. Cool. I saw, you know, I saw your, you submitted a form ahead of time and that's so cool. I see you're set up to set up with a call with me like on the 22nd. Yeah, I'm going on vacation.

So I wanted to just start after vacation and not be stressed out while I'm on the beach. Yeah, man, that's a bad place to be stressed out. So do you have any questions for me? Usually I have a call with our clients before any coaching calls or anything like that. So we get to know each other and I know your business and that kind of thing.

But how can I help you today? You know what? So I've been through a lot of Todd's stuff and it worked in different businesses. And now my partner and I have started a supplement business and a bunch of questions, but I can just. Um, it's just me and you.

So, yeah. Okay. So there you go. Um, so we're, we are, our supplement business is going to focus on active people. So people who either, you know, do a sport or, you know, go to the gym, um, and it's all around,
you know, health and wellness recovery.

So none of the in gym supplements. So one of the things that, uh, I'm wondering off the top of my head is, should I make my campaigns
directly geared towards that market? So specifically, you know, let's just say a call out to, are you a, you know, active person
with this problem type of thing, or do I keep my campaigns general, but I allow my mark, my,
my ads, my, let's say Facebook, YouTube ads to call out to the right person. And so that would mean the person that lands on the page is already pre-qualified by, by
demographics that I've targeted. So that's one thing I'm thinking about.

Okay. Okay. So the other one, yeah. Just, just your thoughts on that. Yeah.

So listen, man, for, for what you're doing, um, it's like in the health, in the health niche,
there, there are so many different audiences. And when we, uh, like how much of Todd's training have you been through so far? A lot. So I did E5 masterclass. Um, okay.

I did just copy training. I like most of the stuff I've got, I had a bit, but consumed and I've applied. All right. So in, in his masterclass, do you remember when you were going through the, um, prospect
examination phase and you did a web analysis, right? Yep.

So you're looking at, at the, um, the, the wants, the emotions and the beliefs of your
prospect, but see, um, typically what happens, um, if you do that, right, first of all, you're
going to be doing it from now on. Right. So, uh, you never really stopped doing that, but you, as you go through the, as you do web
analysis, you've, you'll find that people answer questions differently. And when, when they do that, um, you know, that you have to have different campaigns for
them. So like when you say, should I have a general, um, a general campaign for like everybody
who's interested in, for example, sleep, you know, you have a supplement, your front end
sleep supplement.

Well, the problem with that is when, when you try to talk to everybody, really don't
talk to anybody. I know you've heard that before. Uh, I think, I think if for your website, something like that is fine, um, because
you're, it's, it's a, um, it's typically you'll have an offer page and the offer page will have
a lot of benefits and a lot of claims on it and, and stuff like that. And your ingredients, kind of the way you're doing now. Um, and it can, it can appeal to a lot of people, but, um, but the more, the more you
can, um, focus on an audience, you know, like the one you described, the, the, the already
healthy people that were working out, um, the more you can, um, talk to them, the more
they'll obviously be interested in, in what you're selling.

Um, so, um, I know I'm, I'm not really answering your question, but I'm telling you, I've kind
of thought about that. Yeah. So I've kind of thought about that, not directly, but mostly in the, uh, creatives I pick. So the people that had the pictures and, and a little bit in the copy, I always add the
kind of like, one of the benefits is, you know, you're going to do really well in your workout
and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Uh, uh, but not directly saying, Hey, are you someone who works out three times a week
and you're getting terrible sleep?

Like nothing too direct, but everything is kind of indirect, uh, and subtle. It's a little more subtle as to, um, the hoop, um, within the copy itself. So I'm just fine. How is it, how is it performing now? Not really that great.

Um, so I'll give you some background. We did, we did a quiz funnel, we got hundreds of leads and, uh, no sales, uh, no one, no
one for whatever reason, you know, we didn't follow up campaign, tons of emails, uh, almost
nobody went from the quiz funnel outcome to the offer. Um, so then we drove traffic directly to the sales page. The one I, I don't know if you had a chance to see it, but I sent, um, yeah. And, and, uh, that one, like at about a one, 1% conversion rate on just pure cold traffic.

Um, so that's not bad. So, uh, 10% of the people go to the cart page and, uh, I can't remember the number, but it
would be 10%. Yeah. It would be about one or two would, uh, would, you know, what, you know, 10 people go to
the cart page, one or two would buy total. Right.

So overall the conversion on the sales page was about 1%. Um, and so, and that's what I'll, you know, follow up retargeting ads or whatever, none,
none of that stuff. And so what I created was more of a kind of an e-commerce mixed with a direct response
style, uh, sales letter type of thing. So that's my other. Are you breaking even on that campaign?

No. Well, I, I mean, the ads have, I've only ran, I've only ran, let's say a couple of hundred
clicks. So it's hard to really get enough data, like the, the kind of say, but now that I'm in
this program, that was just recently now that I'm in this program, it'll definitely help
me, uh, tighten up my strategy. Okay. Um, because one of the questions is, should I create a more of a sales letter with much
more of a bigger idea, um, uh, type of thing?

Um, at 1%, we're, we're, we're under, we're under a little bit. Um, you know, my cost will be about a buck, a buck 25 a click. And, and so we've got to, we've got to, our break evens about 80 bucks, um, you know,
on a, uh, like I'm looking for 70 to 80 bucks CPA max. Like that's my, that's my max, um, like realistically on, on what we can get on AOB and, you know,
the calculations I've done. So, yeah.

Okay. So yeah, it's, uh, I think, I think probably that sales page could be optimized a little
bit better. I mean, I went through it. There's certainly some things we can do that can, uh, probably increase in conversions. 1%.

I mean, not bad if you, if you don't know, I mean, if you're breaking even, um, like I
wouldn't touch it, you know what I mean? Um, but as far as creating a campaign for a specific audience, I mean, you can do that
regardless of what this page is doing. Cause that's not really an E5 page. That campaign, the one that you showed me, I mean, it's got some E5 elements in it, but
it's straight to an offer, right? It's a, it's an offer page.

And, um, I think probably, I mean, we can talk about it, but we could probably make that
more apparent that, that you're different from everybody. Right. I don't think you really did, did that, um, like above the fold. You know what I'm saying? Like you start off with that, you're with Todd's like golden lead thing, uh, like right, right
below.

Um, and you talk, there's like a half a sentence about how you're different from most common
methods. Right. And what you really need to do for an offer page like that is really nail that, listen,
this is different and superior to everything else out there for getting sleep. Right. That's, that's kind of, I mean, if you're these days, you gotta be different.

Right. And, and, uh, and a, um, unique mechanism will do that for you. You have one on that page, but it doesn't show up for a little while. And it's, I don't want to say it's buried, but I think probably if it were, um, I mean,
you should be running, I imagine you have hot jar or something hooked up to that. But if I had to guess, I would say people look at what's above the fold and they scroll
down and look for a price.

Yeah. That's exactly what they do. That's what I saw on the hot jar. They miss, they completely miss that you're different. Right.

They, they, they don't catch that. Like they, they zip right past that part. And that I, I would have that right at the very beginning, right in the headline somehow. Um, you know, we can work on that, but I think that would probably knock that 1% up to one
and a half or two anyway. You know what I mean?

I think it would be a game changer because I'm competing with, you know, melatonin pills
at CVS, right? That's, that's what people, the 90% of the market buys. Um, not that there's anything wrong with that. Um, and that's what I've gotten back as feedback and, and I've written the sales page three
times. Um, and I didn't put it into a sales letter cause I'm like, here's another question is
my markets, you know, 25 to 55.

Are they going to read a long form sales letter? Um, because everything online is all, you know, econ pages and everything. Um, that's another question I would have as well from a fundamental is, is, you know, long
form and I can write long form. I could write copy. That's not a problem.

Um, yeah. So it's, there's, there's a couple of things and, and, and I know I'm asking you a bunch
of questions. Uh, yeah. The other thing is people, if you're asking if people read long form, yes, they do. Like people who see if somebody has the problem, you know, if somebody's in out in the ocean
and they're drowning, they want a boat.

They don't care if they have to read a long form sales page to get the boat there. They want a boat. You know what I mean? And it's the same thing with sleep. If somebody has the pain, they're going to, they're going to, they're going to be looking
for a solution.

Now there are a lot of, I mean, yeah, there's melatonin, but there's also devices and there's
also, um, therapy and there's also meditation and there's all kinds of things that are your
competitors for people getting sleep. Right. And that's, they're looking at all that stuff, or they might be looking at all that stuff,
especially since they're going to an offer page there, they've been looking for a while. Right. Yeah.

So you gotta be, man, it's so important to be different. And I think, I think for, for you, for that sales page that I just saw, I think making
that crystal clear at the beginning somehow, um, even with, I know it's an offer page, but
getting some sort of idea, some sort of hook in there that, that, um, that gets them hooked
and then makes it clear that you have a different superior solution. And then they can skip to the price, whatever. However, but if they, if they read it and you convince them, even though it's an offer page
that, yeah, this is different, this is better than, um, that 1% will go up. Yeah.

I'm confident it will go up. Yeah. I'm confident. I'm confident we can, we can get it up there. Um, you know, I know it has to be tweaked.

And so I'm, I'm willing to rehaul it, rewrite it, redo it. Um, because the formula is unique. Um, I mean, you know, all formulas are unique, right? They're, they're by, by definition, it's a formula. Um, so, and I think if you wanted to go after that specific audience we were talking about
before, man, an E5 campaign would be great for that, an indirect campaign that talks about,
and I would make it, I would make the mechanism, um, the thing that happens in the body, you
know, or the, or the, um, or the, uh, yeah.

So it's like, you have a certain formulation that causes something in the body to get more
sleep. Right. And so that whole, that whole system is really what you would educate people about. And that thing that achieving that thing in the body to, to, in order for you to get more
sleep, like the natural sleep cycle, the seven hour sleep cycle or whatever, that's circadian
thing. Like, um, maybe there's something like whatever it is, if there, once you understand, like
once you teach that and you teach what, um, like what natural ingredients have the biggest
impact on that.

Right. So basically, yeah. So, so a lot more education-based stuff, make it longer, tell the story. Um, which I haven't done. Yeah.

Yeah. For, for that, that specific audience, for that page you have, um, it's really, it's
good, man. I was looking at it and you got a lot of benefits in there. It's very graphically. It's very appealing.

It's well laid out. I, I think we're just missing that, that bit about you being different from everybody
else. Because like you said, melatonin pills at the grocery store, you know, at CVS drug
store, how can you compete? How can you compete with those guys? You know what I mean?

You got to be different. Yeah. And I struggled when I made this and I'm like, cause I wanted to follow the five method
completely. And it's, it was hard to think of a big idea for something like this. Um, and I went back and forth on a whole bunch of the, I even asked Todd on a, on the
copywriting, um, workshop that I was on and, and it's, it was a bunch of stuff that
I thought about, um, so in essence to on cold traffic, the best idea would be to run them
through, um, something that's different, take away the e-commerce style of it, uh, more
of like, you know, and I'm probably thinking the science based approach, like here's what's
going on in your body.

Here's, you know, here's why melatonin falls short, just taking that. And here's some, you know, um, here's what you need and then here's our mechanism and then
here's our offer, um, type of thing. Does that make sense? I'm, I'm thinking like what kind of, yeah, the only thing I would add is that for that
page, you have that offer page, you don't need an E5, you don't need a big idea. It's all about the offer.

An offer page doesn't need a big idea. People, people are, they're looking for the best price for a sleeping pill, right? They don't, big ideas not needed. Big ideas are for, um, you know, the kind of campaigns that are indirect that, that like
grab people and make them go through that whole process, that whole education based marketing
thing. You don't need a big idea for, for an offer page.

So would you, it's the offer itself. So the other question I have is, uh, and I have a bunch, right. And I know we're going to probably cover this on our one-on-one. Um, so I've got nine products and they're all kind of related. One is for relaxation.

One is greens. Uh, one is inflammation. The reason why I chose sleep is because it's the, it's the, it's the lowest hanging fruit. It's a, it's something that's easy to relate. Um, you know, an E5 campaign would be make much more sense for, let's say greens, right?

An organic green supplement where I will talk about acidity and all this other stuff and
energy levels. So I, I, I'm also wondering if I were to build an E5 campaign for this sleep product, would
it be easy for me to then segue, you know, uh, to, to sell my backend with my other eight
products? Would I be okay with that? Right. So like I acquired, you know, I break even on the front end sleep.

I'm just making sure like that I'm thinking it through. Right. Cause you know, front end is one thing, but the backend also has to be, it's where we make
our money. Um, so, you know, like I might, I want to make sure I get the right person. Um, and, and the reason why I say that is with the emails I sent to my lead list that
I have now from the quiz and the quiz was what's your sleep trigger.

So same market, what's your sleep trigger? They, you know, like 10, 10 questions, got the lead, sent them to an outcome page, the
outcome page had some education there. You know, what sleep, what's blocking you so forth. Here's a solution a little bit more, a lot more EBM in that. Um, when I, all of them were interested in sleep.

Um, but when I, you know, sent emails about other types of products, but not direct offers,
but more like story-based emails and some benefit-based emails and that type, uh, no one could, no
one was interested. So what I'm worried about, were they customers or just leads, just leads. Um, so maybe that's why, I don't know. Um, yeah, so I don't know. I, I would say I wouldn't like for, for you, the, if, if somebody is, um, in the health space
and, and Nadine, I see you, I'll, I'll be done in a second.

Um, but, um, for, for like, um, like people who are already working out, they're already
pretty healthy, but they need whatever, um, all of those, all of those things you offer
things that they are, are, are most likely things that they would want. Right. I mean, alkalizing their body and getting greens in there and, and that sort of thing. I mean, what, and if, and if there are customers of yours, then they, they've purchased from
you before and they trust you to know your stuff works, assuming it works, which, um,
I assume it does. Yeah, of course.

So, um, I mean, there's a, there's a big difference between,
um, going to your customers and ask them, what, what do you need now? Do you need, or, you know, how are you with eating your vegetables or, or, you know, whatever
else I've got this solution for you or it's, it's easier. It's easier than if you just go to somebody who's, um, had problems sleeping and, and they
just clicked on something they were interested in and now they're getting email about other
things, you know, other health, health issues. I don't know, man. I would say the backend that the reason they call it backend is because they're already your
customers.

Yeah. That's what I thought. Oh, I think the line of supplements, if they're all about that maintaining health stuff, then
I don't see why they, they wouldn't be good. And even the same, even the same sleep supplement, you know, like, is that something that you would
take forever? I mean, does, does that go away?

Like, like after you take a bottle, you never need this, never need them anymore. Cause you're fixed. You know what I mean? That's really, it, it, in all honesty, the, the product fixes the symptom, but if your lifestyle
is a mess, then it's never going to, you know, you have to fix your lifestyle, right? Like that's just, that's like anything, right?

I can sell you fat burners, but at the end of the day, if you just keep eating McDonald's
after you're off the fat burner, I mean, you're going to get the fat right back. So, um, but I don't want to take away from Nadine, Nadine, if she has some questions,
um, anything you would recommend just really quick that I should take a look at in the existing
videos right away, or, or that's something we cover on our call. Um, yeah, uh, hold on a second. Um, so you, you're pretty savvy marketer already. I would say for you, let me look at something.

Um, you know what this, this audience you're talking about, how, how much research have you
done with them? Like the one we, uh, quite a lot, but I mean, research is always good. If there's anything you recommend. Okay. So inside of, of the portal, um, hold on a second.

Marketing founders marketplace examination. Um,
Okay. Go back. I would say it's a course on marketplace examination. I would look at that.

Maybe, uh, everything else. I think you've been through the, it sounds like you had a lot of success even going through
the, um, uh, E five camp masterclass already. So, yeah, I, I, like I said, I've used it in other industries, but the health of space
is brand new for me. And, uh, uh, I want to, I want to do it Todd's way this time, uh, instead of mixing and matching
different strategies. And I want to, I want to hit a home run.

Like I want to, I want to scale this to, you know, a couple of hundred sales a day. So, uh, 1% is not going to cut it, especially when we have a low ad budget. So it has to scale. Okay. But we'll talk about that, uh, when we speak in a couple of weeks as well.

Yeah. I would say, look at Mark, pretty much everything in the, um, along the path of creating your
E five campaign, you're just talking to, and plus what I've seen from your existing
sales page, you, you're doing a lot of things, right. Uh, I would say marketplace examination is a course inside the portal. You could look at, and then also, um, yeah, you're going on vacation, man. Don't, don't kill it.

We'll get this. Okay. But I'm, I'm going to be on a plane for six hours. I don't mind watching and working. Yeah.

So go through the, um, marketplace examination. And then if you, if you want to look at, um, I'll tell you what. Look at the big marketing idea too. Okay. It's funny.

You know, Todd's done a lot of training on the big marketing idea. He even has a course on the big marketing idea, but the training he's done in this coaching
portal about the big marketing ideas, the best I've ever seen him do. So that would be a good one to look at. All right. Appreciate it.

That's the, that's the one people struggle with the most. I would say it's a big idea. Yeah. It's elusive. It's a, it's air, right?

So it's, it's tough to, and I'm a finance guy. So it's, it's tough to, I need tangible stuff and it's, it's a little elusive for me sometimes. Yeah. But I'm starting to get it. I'm starting to get it.

I appreciate it. And sorry, Nadine, for having taken the time. Thanks a lot. All right. You're welcome.

Take care. We'll talk soon. Okay. Take care. Hello, Nadine.

Hello. How's it going? Good. Okay. Hey.

Yeah. Good. I'm trying to edit the slides for the VSL and I wanted to, can I share my screen? Please do. Oh, let me just see which one.

Yeah. So, so I think that's too small. So the problem is that. Too small. Oh, you mean too few words?

No, too small in size. Oh, no, that's not too small. So this one is pretty good. But then what happens when I create work with the master. And so here, I'd love you to see if you have a hack.

So this will go away. So this will go away. But so this is just much smaller. See? Is this too small?

I'll show you the comparison because until slide 20 something, it did pretty well with 110, 112 points. And then it jumped down to 84 and I cannot do it in the master. And since it's thousand something slides, I'm not going to do this manually. So this one is good size. And then it starts to be smaller.

That's that size is fine. Yeah. Yeah, that's fine. This one is better, isn't it? Then I just have to change 20 slides.

I mean, can you you can't, like, select all changes? You know, I've been doing this more or less all day trying to find out with the master slide. OK. Select all. And I just thought maybe you have.

No, I don't know. I'm sorry. No, I don't know. You know, let me. This is what what program is this?

PowerPoint. This is PowerPoint. OK. Huh. Yeah.

Yeah. Oh, I see what you mean. It's a pretty big difference. I think the smaller size is not too small, but. They could definitely tell when it gets smaller.

I don't think it matters that much. Oh, so when people watch it on mobile, so it's even smaller. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. But it's still readable on mobile, right?

Have you looked at it on a mobile phone? No. Yeah, I just shrunk it down and that looks fine. Yeah. Yeah.

OK. OK. So no hack there. I'll have to. Let's do it.

Yeah, as far as making it. Minimum viable funnel like this. And then let's try with a bigger. That's what you're saying. Yeah.

For me, this is fine. I wouldn't, I wouldn't worry about it. But it would still be nice to know how you can make it consistent and uniform, right? I'll ask around. I mean, I.

I use Google Slides now. I don't even remember. I used to use PowerPoint quite a bit. It seems like there's a global setting. But I.

It's been so. I mean, it's been. It's been more than 10 years since I've used PowerPoint. So I'm sure it's changed so much. Is there like a.

Like a general setup or overall settings that you can. Yeah. So here is when I go to the master slide. Let's see. Master views.

So here I can create a master slide, which I did. Let me just make this bigger. So here is. The master slide. There we go.

So I named this one and saved this one. Yeah. Yeah. And. Is there.

If in the file menu, is there something called properties? In the file menu. There is info. There is info. Account.

More. Options. Oh. So general. So general.

Hmm. See, this is where I would be looking for stuff to do. Yeah. Interface. Yeah.

I'm not seeing anything. I don't know. I can't. I don't know what to tell you. I'm at a loss.

Nadine. I'm sorry. But I'm going to. I'll put the word out. Let me.

Go into the slack group right quick. Leave a message. Okay. Okay. So.

All right. So I got my feelers out. Okay. If I. If I get.

If I get. If I find a solution. I'll tell you. Yeah. This is.

This is where I. If I were doing what you're doing. I'd be hitting YouTube. And Google. And I'm sure you've done all those things.

You're terrific. Speaking. Speaking husband. Yeah. That's good.

But yeah. Okay. Okay. So. I'm sorry.

I can't help you. I appreciate. Okay. And then when I go and record it. I.

I listen to it. And then hit. Or like. What's the best. Way to do.

Well. You know what. If you. If you were to ask me. Or Todd.

Yeah. We would say. First record the audio. And then do a screen capture. Of the slides.

And click. As you. As it goes. What Paul. Likes to do.

Is. He will just. Record his voice. While he goes through the slides. So.

I mean. We have to voice record it. So now I'll. So I'll click myself. Through the slides.

Yeah. That's. That's all you do. That's all you do. Okay.

As you're. You know. You do a screen capture. Of the slides. And listen to the recording.

And click through. And then later. Go ahead. And. And.

Matt. And. And add that. Audio track. To the video.

If that makes sense. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. I'll do it.

Hopefully. I guess. Okay. Yes. Thank you.

You're welcome. Have a great day. Anything else? That's it? No.

That's what I'm at right now. All right. I'm sorry. I couldn't help you. Well.

It was worth asking. Okay. All right. Take care. Thank you.

You too. You're welcome. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.

Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
