---
title: "Foundations 2022-09-12 15:57:49"
date: 2022-09-12
duration: 1h 4m
duration_seconds: 3897
vimeo_id: 748863390
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Foundations 2022-09-12 15:57:49

**Date:** 2022-09-12 | **Duration:** 1h 4m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

three hello. Hello. Hey Brother, hold on a second. Sure. Okay, can you hear me?

Yep, that unclear. Okay, beautiful. Beautiful indeed. How you doing? Good, man.

Doing great. How about you? Last week was a busy. Oh, I see if got a three hours ago. You sent an email.

That was me freaking out. Okay, since the queen died our ads died with Because like I obviously like when that happened. I'm like, wait a second everybody that like that Caesar ads, you know, like if you look at all of our demographics like 80% of all of our ad spend is in the UK, right? So that's okay. How's this gonna impact everything?

So Thursday, she dies Friday. We get like two options. I'm like oh s***. It's already started. But then this whole weekend like I I sent you like a daily breakdown of numbers.

I don't know if you want to just open it up now we can take I'll open it up now. Um, I'll open it up as well. Oh, yeah. There you go. so I just got a little Adam like man, like, you know we have like if you look at this is for this week, and then I also for contrast put last week like the day by day.

And then also there's formulas that I put in Excel to calculate percentages, right? So it's like September 9th is 16.6% in September 10th was five percent. September 11th was like 0.8% right 25 landing page and I'm doing this off of Landing Page views versus clicks on on Facebook ads manager. So I just said the date range for how many land because that's what I got back from the question. I sent last Thursday about what's better.

Like what's more accurate? Like should I be looking at landing page views or should I be looking at clicks on Facebook ads manager? And mats at that. It's it's better like the most accurate metric is landing page views from what's it called? I'm from marketing OS right?

So that's what these numbers are. And then last week as well. You can see like September 1st September 2nd, September 3rd 58 clicks 51 clicks 53 clicks then 38th and 42 and 35 and 37. right, so it was all over the place, but Now I look at it today and we already have five options and only 17 clicks. So we are at 30% conversion for today.

So I don't f****** man like this s*** is not for the weak hearted. I'll tell you that. No, it's not man. Listen. Yeah, so this is landing page views these are each day.

each day Okay. And then you can see like since the queen took off landing page views went with it. So the eighth is 25 the 9th is 24 tenth is 35. I guess that's when people are like, okay, we've been drinking for two days. Now you might as well look into this.

So that's why like if you look above as a what do we do? Like does the messaging suck like the ad suck are people tired of seeing the same ad because you're not doing any retargeting. It's really just like the first time which we're looking at, but then we also go to sale yesterday on my on my birthday. Now you're saying today or yesterday you've got. When you look good?

When did I get a sale? No, you said 30% When was that? Today today's the 12th. Oh got it. Yeah.

Got 30% so far because on Facebook on ads manager, it's shows today. We only have a total of from all the ads. We have 13 clicks. in total However, the landing page shows 16 visitors. So I don't know if those are unique or if somebody just showed up multiple times.

But I'm looking at it now for just today. She was total visitors 17. So I don't know if this is counting unique visitors or or total But that being said if you look at the other metric, which is opt-ins, so on the right hand column. Sorry unique viewers, right? So on the right column you see how like We have one new unique viewer each day.

And like on the 11th we had not. Right yesterday. But then also. This is kind of good because if you look at the previous week. from 58 landing page views and eight opt-ins we had six unique viewers.

Then from five options, we had one then from five options. We had three then from six options. We had three. From five options. We have three seven.

We had two four. We had one. right, so the percentages are Pretty consistent in terms of how many people are opting in and how many of those people are actually viewing the video. Right and viewers are people who click on the click the play button, right? Hmm.

Yeah, unique viewers are a unique person that clicks the play button and watches the video. and Impressions is the number of people that The number of times the player gets loaded and got it and say if I start the video close it at 10 minutes and then come back to the video play it again for a little bit close it and come back. I'm one unique viewer with three impressions. Yeah, and one unique impression. And one unique impression.

Yeah. Yeah. And so today you've got. 13 people Well, the landing page shows 17, but as manager says 13 but five of them have opted in today so far. So that's like if you do it by 17, that's 30% 29 point something percent.

That's number two small. But I think generally these opt-in numbers seem to be pretty low. Yeah, I mean I can I can do a breakdown like I have a whole chart for a week by week here. Let me share my screen with you right well because you've definitely had At least a hundred unique views on this opt-in page. At least a hundred.

right This is per day. Yeah, yeah, so hang on so you've had you've had plenty. and on the average your opt-in rate is like maybe here. 10% maybe yeah my screen with you quickly. um here you see my screen.

Yes, I can. And so here's what I made for tracking. So this is the first week second week third week fourth week up till the 7th and then eight nine tenth eleventh is over here down by the bottom. So This is the number of landing page views. We've had 290 in the first week 231 in the second week.

Hundred and eighty four. This is a six day week not a full seven day because I wanted to like start September from the first and do one to seven and then so on and then from September 1st to the seventh. We had 324 landing page views. right from that we had 40 options. Last week was 29 opt-ins.

So like the opt-in percentage is of this metric the numbers from the funnel page, so 30 six divided by 290 is 12.41% Right and then 36 divided by 231 15.58% What is What is the What is this 90 page here use? You've got you got Landing. So I was so that's this. Yeah. landing page views is this number here from Facebook manager landing page reviews 272 so link clicks 467 landing page views 272 so this is what Matt said that this you shouldn't look at this because this is not as accurate as these numbers Like how many we had in the last seven days 198 right.

So these are the the numbers that I'm going off of by how many people are visiting our landing page right got it. So with that being said opt so this this percentage I I calculated from clicks, but that's actually do it quickly from landing page views from this metric this metric. We can just get rid of we don't need this. so Okay, so landing page views and that's from marketing marketing OS, correct? Okay good.

Yeah, 12 point. four one two hundred thirty six divided by 31 15.58 okay, so and 184 by 29 15.7 I can share this with you. That's why I made it I was gonna share. Yeah. No, that's okay.

Um, you have the next the next row is opt-in percent on landing page views. So how many people are opting in? Oh, yeah. I don't get that that looks like this one is also from the Facebook. Like how many clicks we have on on Facebook?

Like so this metric needs to be changed as well. So hang on one second one second. So are those unique landing page views? No, Steve Facebook won't give me that metric. Yeah, what does what does marketing OS tell you that you have for landing page views?

So landing page views are right here, right? So this the second row here 290 to 31 1843. That's what marketing OS says you have. Yes, so let's say Okay, right. So now opt in percent.

Yeah, so now we don't need this either. Yeah, but why is that number so high that see that's what I'm because those landing page views where you see how the like from September 1st to September 12th this date over here. This shows total link clicks 200 467 landing page views 272. So if you take our number of opt-ins and divide it by 272, it's gonna be much higher than it is with 467. So we're not using this metric anymore.

We are using the metric from over here. Total number of visitors from marketing OS okay. guys as per the God as per the instruction from yeah. And I agree with that. so so go back to your your graph.

I mean your table. and so the landing page views from marketing OS That looks like the number from click from Facebook. It's it's very close. It's very close. To each other like here I'll show you.

So this is the number of clicks is 328 if I said, okay. All right. Got it. Got it. Got it.

Okay. good job online. Just one second, please. Sure. I'll be right back.

Sorry about that. No worries. Excel No. 80,000% cool if what the hell is going on, man? Why won't this play with me?

Get rid of the percent get rid of the percent in that. No, that usually makes it easier. Okay, so be four divided by. The three right 12.41% there. so And I'll just do this manually for now.

Oh. Yeah, it's still low. Anyways, swing it. Yeah. Anyways, except for today except for today.

Yeah, so here you can see today so far today. Which you only you don't have that many. Yeah, you don't have enough 17 years to really we have one two three, four five because how many days has it been? Has just been running. 30 today's exactly 30.

So August 12 midnight UK time is when I ran when I finally set everything up and said, okay, let's go. Yeah, but since you start with doing and with the new headline to see with the new opt-in headline how long oh, wait didn't you headline? So Friday morning? 10 AM is the new headline and the new headline is yeah. This is the new headline.

and that's and that's how and that one and so it's still like 16% right? well if you do 29.4% so as in today. We want to do it for the week. Well this no since you had since you've had a new headline, yeah. What's the opt-in rate?

Since the new headline started September 9th. Okay. So here and here. Okay. so the headline is oh, do we have 100 yet?

25 35 cool. Yeah, we have just we just have 100. a little bit over What views landing page views? Since yeah, I mean we can we can look at it here. It's we can do.

Come on. so nine till today. 101 visitors and we have a total. of including the ninth one, two, three, four, five six, seven eight nine 10 11 12 13 13 percent, okay. Yep, that's still low.

Yeah. except for today except for today and this is since the 9th. Since the night yeah ninth morning is when I Friday morning is when I said, okay, I'm doing it and then I changed it. But this is one metric that gave me confidence right like you see the one number of unique viewers versus opt-ins, right? So 25% in the first week 20% unique viewers in the second 34 and the third and then 47.5, you know from from 40 opt-ins.

We had 19. a unique viewers and if we go into Vimeo now, I mean, I have all those numbers here. one two three three unique viewers so far I mean it was also weekend. It's lots of back to school. There's all sorts of s***, but you know.

I was just and typical me fashion. I was concerned. Yeah. Yeah. What is going?

Oh, that's cool. Yeah, I get it. it's interesting how the more and more people are clicking the play button, aren't they? Yeah. I wonder if it's because of algorithm No this thing click the button above to start the free training.

Was that new? Yeah, I added that last week. Oh. I spoke to Paul on one of the meetings and he said yeah add it on now and I did okay what it is. Okay.

I mean the good news is that we are off The Mark with the sale. I it's not like it's an organic sale because the person who bought it has been in my group for a while, so How many people have seen the sales page now? over a thousand Oh sales page. Yeah sales page total. all time is what?

So landing page is 1155. and sales page is a hundred and ninety three. So 14 and a half percent. went to the sales page and then from that number from 193 169 went to the checkout page. Yeah, you said you've got one sale?

Yep. Show me the opt-in page headline again. The one you have now. Oh, sorry to share. screen and I want to look at something too.

Okay. Sorry. What's I was looking at something else? Okay specifically for individuals who try. moderating and feeling and feel powerful alcohol how to create an unbreakable Foundation for thriving alcohol free life in as little as a hundred days.

Interesting hard reset method in new different formula to easily overcome the urge to drink even when it's all around you. This video we discovered the rest method that teaches empowers replaces gives changes. Watch the free video training now. Okay. Hold on let me look at My emails second.

I'm going to grab some water real quick. But I am back. Okay. and Yeah, I'm trying to what I'm doing is okay. Here we go.

Here we are. Okay. Yeah, hold on. Let me share my screen. Let me stop share because this was a this was a while ago.

Um, this was August 25th. I came up some of these headlines. And you didn't like this. Um, it's a reason you didn't like these how to stop wanting alcohol and listen 100 days. I'll stop wanting alcohol how to stop wanting alcohol ever.

In as little as 90 days. Did those are were they? these are when we we came up with these when we were talking about the social aspect. Of how people you know, one of the biggest challenges is like they feel you know, social anxiety or when they they want to go out and end up, you know, getting tempted and drinking. So that's when we came up with this.

I don't necessarily remember why I didn't like these but I mean Can we take a look at them again? Yeah, I was trying to see what you if you said something about them. You said yeah, these are pretty good you said? You said? man Yeah, how to stop wanting alcohol and less than a hundred days.

how to stop wanting alcohol ever In as little as 90 days. Introducing the hard reset method of new and different way to overcome the desired rink with your friends. No matter what the situation is. easily refuse a drink with your friends while socializing so like I was what I was trying to do here. I just wanted to be simple, you know right as simple and direct like if you were talking to some somebody.

um Like what would you actually say? A lot of times Clarity and simplicity is yeah is a great way and Like you're you're headline, like would you actually speak those words, right? The one you have now, it's a good headline. I'm not. you know, but this what I was going for was just how to stop wanting alcohol You know what?

I mean just Simple direct clear all about Clarity and then some specificity in less than a hundred days. That's what was going on in my head at the time. Okay, it did so but I don't know your group like you do and so why why do these not? Sound good to you. Why did he's not a party?

It's I think it's just because they they sounded too simple and August 25th. I was like I was in boat and I was on the road trip of my life. I probably didn't even know and didn't even like road trip. Yeah, I know. Okay.

Is there do you think we can replace the word wanting with urge? Like how to stop urges for alcohol in less than 100 days. Or yeah. No, this is actually let's go. Let's roll with this see I mean, I mean what why just tell me why I mean, yeah, of course, but you you know your audience better than I do.

Of course we can use urge instead of you know overcoming urges, but um like The the there's something that is hitting you the wrong way and I kind of wanted to understand that. Because you know your audience better than I do. It's just I guess urge is more specific because people feel the urge to drink but that's also the same thing as wanting alcohol. And this is a wanting is more overarching and I okay. I'm curious to try this actually how to stop wanting alcohol less than 100 days introducing a new in different.

Can we say new in different formula the hard reset method and you're different formula to overcome the desired drink. or one of these No matter what. Yeah, we can try anything man. So that's what we're doing. We can try anything.

Here's where my head is at just so you see where my head of the copyrighter said. I'm trying to be simple and clear. the way somebody whining in a bar or actually a picnic because you know, they'd be drinking in the bar, but introducing a new and different way I don't I didn't say formula or method or strategy or anything like that because I wanted it to feel. I didn't want it to sound like that's daunting and more like it was like it was going to be hard to do. Yeah, you know a new different way to overcome the desire to drink with your friends.

While in any social setting and if I wanted to be specific, I would name the situation, you know like next time you're at a party. Uh, yeah like this one this at the bottom. Where it says no matter what the situation is, that's pretty cool. Yeah, so like this one a new and different way to easily refuse a drink with your friends while socializing right easily refuse a drink overcome the desire actually like easily refuse better. How to stop wanting alcohol ever in those little 90 days interest a new way to overcome the desired drinking French no matter what the situation is.

um, so I'm just going for common Yeah, no Blue Collar, you know, I'm a plumber at you know at the at the barbecue and I'm whining about you know, drinking a lot and you say this. right so that's that's where my head was at. I before we give up. On any kind of idea or anything and this actually there's no idea here is mostly primary promise and specificity. but I would want to try this first.

Let's go. How many change it now? Well you right hold on you have let me look at your numbers here again. See plus you got really good numbers today. I almost don't want to touch it.

I want to see what happens. I want to wait till Thursday. That's what happens. Yeah. Um, and you know another thing like from now on whenever you do this.

It's not a matter. We're test something new against a control. Right, we don't like. Get rid of it. And try something new we tried both of them see which one wins.

But we already know that and okay. We already know that this one's only converting it like 15 16% Maybe closer to Maybe closer to 10 or 12% maybe. Oh, what's this 20% Yeah. Oh, you got a 20 in there having options on the sixth of September? Yeah.

What day of the week is that? September 6th, that was Monday. Yeah. Monday because the ninth is Friday is a Monday Tuesday 7 There's no Tuesday. Fifth is the Monday sixth is the Tuesday.

Seventh is the Wednesday 8th is when the queen died 9th is the Friday. Okay there Michael. Are you there, sir? pain surgery You know. Hey, man.

Oh, my screen said to remind you to unpause the recording. I'm reminding you to unpause the recording. unplug the recording unpause Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's the that's this. Yeah, my my image I do that because um, no, I always know what happened was internet just went away just died.

I don't know what happened that very rarely happens in my house because I got a wired connection. Although right now why? I'm on why I'm on Wi-Fi now. So it's it seems to be okay. so anyway, what was I saying?

Do not mess around with the With the headline because we have good numbers today. Yeah, I'm your numbers today. It's like a but and I think I think that these numbers are telling me that the headlines not that good anyway. But that was the previous one right like but from the 9th, you said yeah. So I've got 16% Although I don't have a hundred people since the night.

No. Oh, okay. No, we do have a hundred people. 24 25 35 and then today so today is What 25 24? Yeah.

We have exactly a hundred. We have 100 today. 35 plus 25 and how many options since the 9th? Opt-ins we have 13. How many?

13 14. Yeah, so you got 13% with this new headline. Yeah. So at least it's time for new headline and I I want you know. these kind of headlines here I think is these are simple stop wanting alcohol because that's kind of the primary promise anyway.

Yeah, I mean, let's check on video how many of these people that? signed up today what the situation is? You want to change it now? We can change it now. I am your instinct about so sober like I was so convinced that's over is the word but then I got like more than a hundred replies over like two or three different posts and everybody that's been over for six months a hundred days a year two years of like, yeah, so we're f***.

Yeah anyone before there's like f*** sober. I hate that word. I don't even if you like. How did you know? Here, I don't know just on point.

I just well I question every word. That's that's what's going on every when I look at headlines. Every word I'm wondering. Okay. What?

What is what are the prospects beliefs? You know. And I I don't want them to think like you one of the things you mentioned to me was that you are not after people who? Think they are alcoholics. Right.

In other words you want people that you're your audience don't think they're alcoholics. They think they're just got a problem with drinking. Yeah, and they just want to stop drinking heavy. They wouldn't they want to try their they want to change their lifestyle, right? They want to fix their lifestyle and have a better Outlook in life and all of that stuff, but If you said are you an alcoholic?

No? No, not an alcoholic. Exactly. So that's what I'm not that I'm not that. Yeah.

No. No, I don't have the disease. Exactly. I don't have the disease. I just drink a lot.

So that's what plus I know even if they even if they do have it they're in denial anyway. You know a lot of times most that's pretty much all of them. Yeah, so I I that's and you know my mom she she's alcoholic she was alcoholic and I'm an adult child of an alcoholic. So I have some. A little background in that although I kind of ignored.

Our target audience the perfect audience is either a single mom or a married woman but most it's mostly ladies like 70 80% of the clicks are different. If you look at the gender, it's like a big lopsided thing with with women and all the people that I have that I read. So my case study if you want to call it like in January I started with 10 people only two were dudes rest for all women. 40s 50s late thirties. That's that's sort of The Sweet Spot.

They've got kids they've got bills. They're stressed out the gutter jobs sometimes two jobs and they're just you know, they're putting their kids to bed. They're, you know wine in a glass. And nor are they gonna in a sippy cup and like, you know doing household chores and and can't wait to start drinking at night. They have girls nights go or weekends.

They're getting hammered going overboard waking up with hangovers, but still have to look after the kids and that hungover State like that is our audience and given what is going on in the world today? I think I've misjudged like how much people are willing to spend because I sent out one email that said, okay. Here you go. I'm turning 35. Here's 35% off and immediately.

I got a hit and like the person's like yo tell me more about this and I know here, you know, I'll tell you more so look in the UK first of all, It's mad expensive to live in the UK. Every the cost of living has gone through the roof. I was there even that good people are like f*** what's going on. Now. They just introduced today that now that Charles is king.

I guess him and his buddies are like that's f*** them even more. So what they're doing is that you have to now have a hundred pounds. Like every time you go to fill up gas every time we go to the store every time they're gonna put a hold of a hundred pounds on your card. And if you don't have 100 pounds on your card, and if you only have 50 pounds because you were gonna get gas for only 40 pounds, right? You can't do it.

this is like the new thing now where like what's behind that? you know, but that's this is the latest that came out of the UK today now in the next little while they're getting rid of ATM machines the UK wants to be the first to be a cashless Society. All this is doing is stressing these people out and people are strapped for money. So like I'm wondering if we need to consider like once we have a hundred views. I'm like my gut tells me that like 200 bucks 300 bucks with a payment plan In addition to that kind of a price point would would actually it might just work way better than just a flat 500 dollars.

I mean for people in the UK that's 300 something pounds. But it's still like there's just a lot of plus there's been covid job loss inflation. Okay, then. Yeah if you Listen, man. That's we nobody's really senior offer yet, you know what I mean a few people have but not that many, you know what I'm saying?

I would say we still haven't tested it. But if you're if you want to make your offer better. um I mean you can always do that. I I mean really I really recommend changing two things at once. I know.

I mean, I'm not I'm not planning on doing anything right now look like I the reason why I was freaking out was because I get a ding every time Facebook's like okay, here's another 169 bucks and I have a total budget of 6K that I have invested money. What I didn't do was budget for a 13% HST in addition. So now my 1500 dollar budget is 1700 dollars so over the course of four months, like I wanted to have a full ads and so like when my brain I was like, okay. Even if we don't make any sales for four months, which is like the worst case scenario you could say which is like September October November December, right? Well, August September October November and December whatever.

I'll pay for that. I wanted to I didn't want to worry about. Money and AD spend and all that stuff. So that's what I budgeted for. That's what I asked for.

That's what I got right based on how long I'm gonna have you guys we have we have these calls until January and It's not working by January. It's not going to work. You know, we have to figure something else out there. yeah, that was my thought process and then you know 1500 of that has already gone like You know and then plus like the stress of going back and like I'm leaving I am flying in the morning. They're coming to pick me up before in the morning.

It's seven. It's almost eight o'clock now, right? So that's why I was in the morning. I was like, okay like I am gonna run out of cash this way, but then we also got to say so 500 Canadian dollars just came in from was it whatever I spent. So I got a third of what I spent back already, which is gonna go right back into this.

So yeah, let's let me let me run these headlines. Lot by John just because I I worry about compliance and and that kind of thing, you know what I mean? Because how to stop wanting alcohol in less than a hundred days. I want to make sure that He is cool with that. You know what?

I mean? I just this alcohol thing. I'm not used to. To it. I I would always I would always run these just for compliance Reasons Why by John anyway, no matter what I come up with even if it sounds great totally fine.

I'm happy to keep things as is and like make tweaks in a weekly basis. It's not you know that urgent because every day is different in terms of how people are thinking and I'm convinced that this weekend specifically if people saw an ad for drinking they were like this now is not the time for this I'll deal with it. I don't really Yeah, you know and like I even did it even did a lie around like don't kill yourself. She's gone already. He's not coming back.

I got so much backlash, but after that produced like emotionally stirring content, but look, I mean the the flip side of his of it is that we got a sale. So as far as my investor goes he wished me a happy birthday. I'm like yo, I got a sale and he's like, yeah, she told me yes a good good job. No is the rest so there's that and then in terms of like whatever changes when we were ready to change the offer. It's probably going to take changes to the vsl.

I already have like a new name for a unique mechanism which is five dimensional healing. I think that's really catchy and I've been playing with it no community and people like that. Yeah because Five Habits, right? So five dimensional healing it creates a number that creates an environment of five dimensional healing boom, man. That's good, right?

That's good. So But could you know that doesn't sound like a title it sounds like a term. Which is you know, you already know I like that I dig turn right title 5D healing right? Like, you know, you want to activate your 5D healing by the hearties and Method, you know like that. So so that's one thing primary promise like right now we're saying how to overcome alcohol dependency and overcome withdrawals that we can get rid of overdrawals basically and just like focus on the positive side so we can, you know, spend a little bit of time thinking there and then the cpb chunks.

Why I wrote that like if you go in the documents, I can send you the links for easy access like where the old ones where I added some new ones just like I was thinking sorry, you know as I'm I got a lot of time to walk around and think over here sure tweaking things on my phone. So I wrote some down like instead of like 9 or 10 cpb chunks that we have. I think we can boil all the information down to just five is the magic number maybe six, but cover all the information and then also, you know, if I knew that we're gonna be selling this as a free training I may have taken a slightly different approach to it. So that's why I really wanted your feedback on this style of presentation, you know with the slides and everything with my face there and live presentation. I can do these things over and over and over again until I get it right down to like To conform with the E5 guidelines but instead of a, you know running vsl.

It's just a training which is what we are selling which I feel might be a little less because in the end, of course, there's a pitch everybody knows there's a pitch in the end but like whenever something starts with did, you know, it's like oh s*** Ariel and and I just don't know like if the tired mom who's got like two kids to put the bed and finally put her feet up and it's like guzzling a bottle of wine because she has to be asleep in an hour and wake up in six for work and all that stuff. I don't know. She's gonna watch 40 minutes. to be fair, you know, she might be the best thing ever and like we've got eight finishes out of however many unique viewers, but now the more I think about it, you know, and then there's an also an opportunity to add in terms of a value build in terms of a bonus. We could say, you know, remember how we were saying in the beginning that we want to have a container where people can join a weekly call.

I was like, okay, wait a second how many people have a gym membership who don't actually show up like at least half of people who have a membership that pay for it, but don't actually go so I can expect the same thing where people sign up for coaching but I don't know how many people are gonna show up to a weekly support call, right and we can actually sell that that hey like we don't just sell you the course, but for the hundred days once a week every week, you can join a call with your coach and it doesn't have to be me. I already have two people from the community who kind of graduated from the course and are now like working like one of them is running a chat group within the community. The other one is like, okay. I'm ready to like help. Oh are you paying those guys don't Wow, not yet.

Well, I will why would you might want to consider that I know absolutely right now, they're just doing this out of the goodness of their heart because that's what everybody wants to do. But I've told them that look once I get it going officially then yeah, of course, you're gonna you're gonna get paid and the long term idea is that, you know, the hard reset method certification and the people who are alumni are the ones that have the opportunity to then do this because everybody has it in their heart to want to help more people once they get set themselves free from this. so I do have what I'm trying to say is that I do have two people one in the UK and one in the US time zone that can actually have these initial 10 15 20. 30 40 how many people that joint and we can have multiple sessions a week and like we can keep it 10 15 people Max and just see how it goes. But the fact that we are providing now.

Support as long as well as the content. I feel like that might actually are we you know, what we could even do like a two-step funnel where you buy the the course for $97 and the next page. It's an upseller. Hey, we're you know how our Monday more a month you can add this coaching or add the support call. Here's all what people are saying about it that I have another landing page and do that.

So that's also an opportunity to to explore and I guess what I'm getting at is that you know, we're gonna be rejigging the whole thing. We might as well do things properly with the with the making all these all these changes versus doing one thing versus I mean, whatever you suggest like I have no problem with that, but I'm just saying that this is something that's been going through my mind as well that maybe we can just Because at the end of the day, it's all about a role as man. Like if I even if I'm selling a product for 97 bucks, like if I'm spending 50 and getting two sales a day. That's that's for X row as great. I'm not complaining right?

Whereas whereas, you know selling something that's that's 500 and then yeah. So those are my thoughts for now. For all from all the time that I've had things to think about how we could tweak this if we were to tweak things how we would want to tweak it and all that. Yeah, we have options. Yeah.

So I guess for now we're leaving this as is we'll see it. We'll see how it goes. If it completely tanks by Wednesday, then I'll just change the first headline the one the first one that you liked. I'll just go ahead and change it. We'll see how it goes.

And then on Thursday, I'll ask John like hey, like should be like running retargeting campaign, you know, like and then cuz I've I've done maybe like 10 ish reels one minute to 90 second reels. Some of them got a thousand views some of them got 200, you know, so we could technically run those and I could just be like hey You so bad what's wrong? You know one of the things is that we always stay in a place of inactivity or whatever. Like there's so much s*** that I could talk about and just in front of my camera and I'm so kind I do these in one take now like from start to finish I write it out I go through it. Once I turn the camera on just get it done in one take it's always 60 seconds on the dot.

It's always 60 seconds on the back. Yeah 60 seconds to maybe well, I'm altogether your master. Yeah, but I started the first video I recorded after recording 90 second piece. It took me three hours together. Yeah.

so yeah, and a lot of that is because when you make the decision to do another one. It's like you're dreading the three hours. Yes, like you're like and you do what you should have done the first time and just barf it out and put it out there. Yeah, you know what I mean? And then you do that.

It's like yeah, I wouldn't so bad. You know what? I mean? No for sure. It's I mean, I'm just getting better at it.

Right? So that's also the the second funnel really helps for me to be able to test it out. The only thing is that the check out didn't work for the for that check out. The shopping cart didn't work the car. Oh for the second before the organic one.

That's why I went with the first one because like I was sitting with my mom and someone's like hey, I try to buy this thing is not working. Like what do I do? So so I ran back home and I set up striving like let me send you something from Strike. Wait a second stripe is all in Canadian dollars. Like I'm gonna explain that old.

Don't worry. It's 500 Canadian dollars only. Okay, that's not gonna work. So I was like, okay, I think I fixed it here. No, no, thank you and it worked obviously and I think I know it's a problem.

What was the problem? So when I was connecting my stripe account it gave me this secret. Hidden API key that only Reveals itself once a f****** I don't know when so it did it for that one time. And then the second time when I was trying to do it it wouldn't reveal it to me. So I just yeah.

Yeah, you gotta save that. Yeah, I did inside copied it and I copied like the Asterix from the first one. I'm like, oh to god it works and then I just put it in there thought it would work but apparently didn't so. That's that's why I got it. Okay.

Yeah. Whatever. All right. Well anyway lesson learned. Yeah, I am.

Alright, man. I'm I'm gonna spend some last few hours with my mom here. And okay, I'm gonna send those headlines to John I'm gonna say look compliance wise are these okay? Sounds good how to stop wanting alcohol, right or what? Did I say how to stop wanting alcohol and how to stop wanting alcohol ever?

In the never part is like that's a little because they'll they're gonna be wanting alcohol in the first like 50 days. And then after remember listen remember, you're not promising that that is what's gonna happen to them. You're teaching them what you're mechanism. Does your mechanism is designed. If you follow it, if you follow your protocol.

It's designed to the T then. Yeah, like so you'll stop one. Yeah, that's what the that's what the headline is about. It's about your mechanism. Not the promise.

You're making to them, you know, this is a so anyway, I'm gonna run this by John and to say look are these compliance wise? Any day any red flag showing up? I'm gonna sounds good who's in there right now? And then all right. I'll I won't be around tomorrow because tomorrow I'll be flying.

I have 14 hours in the plane. And then Wednesday, I should be in some shape. I hope and Thursday for sure. I'll be I'll be good. Okay, jet lag is gonna be killer man.

Like I'm flying back seven hours, right? So I'll be reaching at 4 pm Toronto time, which will feel like to my body 11pm turkey time. So that's gonna be Interesting anyways, alright Michael. Thanks so much for your time. I truly appreciate it and okay, brother.

Thanks for dealing with my mini. Tantra wasn't a tantrum. It was just me like you. But that's like the things kept coming in. So I was like, oh Maybe I need to do this more often.

More often will come. In anyways, have a great night. I'll see you in a couple of days. Okay. Take care, brother.

Take care. Bye.
