---
title: "Foundations 2022-05-23 16:00:08"
date: 2022-05-23
duration: 47m
duration_seconds: 2859
vimeo_id: 712957304
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Foundations 2022-05-23 16:00:08

**Date:** 2022-05-23 | **Duration:** 47m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

inade now these Nadine is always on the move as well. I know. until Hello. Hey, you know see yeah, you're always on the Move. Wow, it's so amazing.

How time flies and every two three weeks. My kids have locations for two three weeks. I feel I know, you know what I'm talking about. It's just all the time. I don't know same yeah.

Yeah feels the same. Yes, and then it took me a while to get into and I already noticed like the next month or two. There's so many things in school and I don't know. I'll just take what I have. That's it.

There we go. Yes. Yeah, so I I looked through I haven't had a chance to talk with Paul yet about your lead or anything. but I I mean it it I liked it. It's a there was a one spot.

I can show you if you want that one spot. I thought was a little explaining but Even that mild. Hold on. Let me call it up for a second. Okay, here it is.

uh-huh, so Yeah, the only spot like this right in here. Let me explain. There are seven key mechanisms, and and I see I know exactly what you're doing. So I'm actually okay with it. You know, that's the thing seven key resistance mechanism deeply ingrained in our brain because that's what we used to keep us safe biologically.

The subconscious mind is programmed spot danger and to quickly decide whether to fight. flight or freeze none of what none of which we want in our enrollment conversations, right? That's why so this is like the only And it's it's nothing because you actually have to have that before you go into this thing. So. I I liked it.

I liked your lead. I don't know what you and Paul talked about but I mean This isn't like the one I I did obviously but he was saying, you know the law of attraction and stuff. So everyone is kind of okay. I know I know like there's nothing new in it. Oh, okay.

He said to turn it around to to speak about the resistance to the flow today like that. Oh, that's a lot. But so how are you standing in your own way? Okay, I got it. Oh, okay.

Yes, see in my head. I'm thinking turns it's the other was towards gain and this is Different pain. Yeah, yeah. in my head, I was thinking that the fact that you're using those laws when you're closing sales, right? Those seven that that was the idea that was unusual that that was counterintuitive that you oh, I never thought of, you know doing that, you know kind of thing.

So that's why that's where I thought. The original sort of message was in the lead. but yes, I have to leave number two, which is all about the energy. So I'm going to test. Both of them each one at a time, I guess.

Just to see which one. Yeah better I guess. I was reading this to Billy when recording, please wait 10 seconds. last time it was hard to then glue it together with the slides because there was no okay. Good anything else to this or the opt-in page?

No, okay. No no, I Um, where is it? Hold on. It's from my other email. Yeah.

No, yeah, that was fine, too. just that one spot, which you what you changed and Yeah, I take your right I said. That it makes sense though. Why I said that yeah you brought in the benefit of the promise. Yeah, that's all just a primary promise.

I wanted to make that. a more clear but That's it. Okay good. Then that's it for me. I guess that I said it up again test it again.

So what I'm doing now as opposed to before is to capture to actually capture the lead. And what I'm going to come up with is a couple of emails follow-up emails. That I'll send you to read. Okay. Are you gonna do the thing that?

Todd talks about in his follow-up sequence where I don't remember what he said in his follow-up sequence. Oh, okay. Okay. I didn't have have you Read have you been through his training for doing the follow-up? Yeah, but it's already quite some time ago.

Yeah, so in a nutshell, he says that I mean it's a little convoluted but we send out emails based on how much of the marketing message that they've consumed. Right? So if they if they've already seen the lead and the message and the offer in other words don't send them back to the sales page again send them something else or offer another bonus or something like that. Whereas if they if they've seen the message, but they haven't seen the offer send them to a page with just the offer that kind of thing or you know, you customize the emails to match what they've consumed so far in the marketing message. So that's kind of but let's build a whole separate sales page with just the offer.

Where they then book a call. Yeah. If they haven't seen the offer, but they've seen your lead and your marketing argument, right, but they haven't seen the offer. well just send them straight to the offer because they already you know have consumed everything else. In other words.

If you sent them back to the same page that they left in the first place the chances of them watching it are slim to none. Right, okay. But in the email you say yeah, thank you for watching this and now that you understand ABC and you know the thesis statement there's this offer we have where it's completely based on this mechanism YouTube just discovered and go here to check out the offer. And then it's just the offer page. And it didn't even have to have a video at all.

Just So, you know just like a standard straight to an offer sales page. It has the benefits and features of of the offer and sort of thing. So there we go. I see another mountain of work coming to this. Well, I mean there are other things like if you could I don't know if you're using are you using Vimeo?

No kartra, I can embed to address it. So can you send can you send somebody to a specific spot in that video? I would have to try. Maybe I'm not so I'm on culture as well. So.

Actually, so for a long time until recently you couldn't and I didn't get into the detail, but maybe double check Nadine. There was an email with updates new features from culture and there was something about videos that I thought. You know gave me this thought finally. And maybe it could be resuming. the video Okay, I'll have to check that.

But otherwise I can cut it and just put it in a cut version but you don't have to put the video either. I mean you can just do the copy the text copy. And you know the common framework, you know, here's what I have. Here is what to do next. You know.

English you're just list your offer. That's it. Okay. Yeah, I guess it depends. So at the very beginning I would like if they don't even see the leads or I will you know put them together but right just everything part if they've gone through the argument for your you know, they won't they don't want to normal.

I don't think they want to even stop watching the video at all. Like you know, like it's just the offer left. You know. Yeah, if it were if it were me. I would just go straight to carved truck and and find one of their offer templates.

straight to offer templates and just fill it in You know just get all the what what's important is that they see all the benefits of the deliverables or whatever. or in your case it was It was to make a phone call, wasn't it? Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah looking great and they get the information.

Yeah. Yeah in that case just it wouldn't I would just send them straight to the booking page from that email if they in other words don't send them to enough. I was thinking that you had something some deliverables that they actually purchased online, but they don't. So send them straight to the booking cage and page in the email. Yeah.

and you could even yeah. Yeah, okay. So if they like if they drop off before the lead I will send him back to the video page or also to an email. Oh if they haven't even watched the video at all before the lead then yeah, what's this was but if they did watch the lead and then dropped off. Well, I I used to.

Send them to back to the video what before I use Katra to the spot. Wasn't exactly the spot where they dropped off. Maybe was like three minutes in or something like that, you know something I can't remember the typical. maybe five minutes in You know if they haven't reached the they say half of the video. And I framed framed it.

Said, you know saying that I know life is busy. And yeah kind of thing, you know. And yeah, I think it would send them back to the same page. If all they saw was the lead but not the marketing argument. If you could start the video later.

but even even from even if even if you couldn't and you had to start it from the beginning I would still I think I would still start it send them straight back to the sales page but in the video. I would I would talk about some of the claims in in the at that that are in the marketing argument that are that. or some of the benefits You know so that you entice them to to stay. Okay, and if they and if they never even play the video at all. certainly send them to the the sales page again.

Yeah. But yeah. Okay. I'll do that. Yeah, he has he has some some pretty good some pretty good training on that.

I know you haven't seen it in forever. But I think I have it's just like really I don't know half a year or more ago. Yeah, yeah if you're wanting to do. to do those follow-ups and I would say Look at your notes, at least if yes, I didn't take notes. I was I remember when I was.

Listening to most of it. I was also working in the garden. So I loved actually hold on a second. I might have a shortcut for you. Hold on.

Yes. Yes. Yeah. so Actually, I also changed the headline. Maybe I can show it to you.

Oh. Okay, so there is also my general question like what works today. What are people responding to? Like all the challenges and five-day master classes and webinars. Do people still really listen to all that?

Yeah. Yeah, they do. What I'll tell you is people get good at one of them and that's what they end up doing. Right people are doing like like webinars now are all are all pretty much going to high ticket things. But people still do webinars they still do product launches even.

Let me share my screen right quick. I'll show you what I have and I'll send you this stuff. so I've got notes on this is the the upsell stuff and I've got Like hold on here. We are so you have stage one is message consumption. And then stage two is offer response stage three is offer intensification stage four is offer sequencing.

and that's pretty much it for the the follow-ups But me those yeah, I'll absolutely Cindy these. Oh that looks fun. Oh, it's a lot shorter than watching the videos again for me anyway. Yes. so 76 through these are kind of large files.

I mean image wise so For working that might make it I might have to do it in a few emails but or in we transfer. Okay. I'll try that. You're familiar with we transfer. Yep.

I sure am. I've never used it. But how hard can it be? Yeah, it's very really easy and good for big files. cool Can I share my screen?

Yeah, sure. I changed my headline. for this one now it froze. Can you hear me? I can hear you.

You can see it. Can you see the page? I can see it? Okay, so what do you think? You know, I was happy kind consistently every month.

their portion of a telephone I suppose the enroll five happy. plant consistently every month but the secrets of the universal laws and high value sales conversations get a mechanism. you've got promise Right now I'm with you. Sorry. Yeah, just knowing what I know.

Just what knowing what I've learned from you about your your audience. I think what the secrets of the universal laws in high value sales conversations. I think that's kind of like the big idea the fact that I mean the way you explained it before so that's good because you've got the intellectually interesting idea in this headline. I would say in the secrets that may be implies that there's a mechanism. perhaps effortlessly enroll enrolling five figure clients training enrolling five figure clients training.

really tell people so yeah. What do you think Anita? Can you repeat sorry because I couldn't concentrate having my son goofing around. Yeah, what I said was you've got your intellectually interesting idea, which is the fact that you're using universal laws in a sales call. Right.

That's the that was your big idea. So that's in the headline so that enough I mean assuming that that should be enough. To get their curiosity up assuming that's a good idea and then you have the the primary promise in there. So I like it. but what do you think Anita?

Or to vague, you know, like okay. So you you explained that I didn't know was the big idea, you know, this Secrets the secrets of the universal laws. Yeah, see everyone in her audience knows what that is. That's the thing. Because for me that you know, it's like something is missing like some.

Something more specific is missing. where you say Nadine the universal laws like I don't know nature's laws. You people's laws. You know in my head it's a bit too vague. But again, you know, maybe it works for your audience, which I'm not aware of, you know, like I was so.

Yeah. Well, yeah, I think they do know the universe a lot so they know well and that's what that's the only reason I say, I like it and if it were anybody else but you I would say no, I no this you know what I mean? I don't get it but Okay. I know your your niches is crazy is unique and there are so many millions of people in it now. That and I just don't understand it.

Well on now Paul would be able to look at this and know right away. But the reason I say I like it and I'm okay with it is that the universal laws being used in a sales conversation is your interest is your big idea and you've got the primary promise in here? So I'm cool with it. You're checking you're checking the boxes. You know.

I know exactly where a date is coming from because that's where I'm coming from. I could also put a number with the seven secrets. That's what I wanted to universal laws or with the secrets of the seven. Universal night it was that help when I say next maybe would help to say add more specificity, you know, the seven laws what others like more more curiosity, you know both when by adding specificity then you add You know some curiosity. Maybe if it was effortless and effortlessly enroll five plus happy clients consistently every month with the secrets of the seven universal laws or of this.

With the seven secrets of the universal laws in higher value sales conversation. I would say the seven Secrets myself because there's more than seven universal laws isn't there. Well, there is seven major loss of primary laws and all the others are secondary laws. Yeah, but you see. Yeah, so I wouldn't want somebody to say no, there's more than seven.

Yeah, this she doesn't know what she's talking about. Okay, I mean maybe I don't know you're you know, but I would say the seventh secrets. I'm thinking what are the seven Secrets? Yeah, it's more you as more curiosity in my life. I think so mine, too.

I agree. I agree with Adida on that. cool Okay. See this is how you actively create alignment resonance when that yeah, that's more. That's more magic stuff that I don't understand to your Prosperity with love you, okay?

So let's put the magic to work. Yeah. Okay, cool. Um, cool. Yes.

So then just my other question is about the a funnel kind of structure. So I have this other. Now my next idea with the business chakra alignment, so just from the structure point of view. What I do is to have them take an assessment about their business chakras and then I create a report kind of showing them where they stand. Okay.

So what would you then suggest so my my idea was okay, so then we'll Like book a call where I explain how that works. And of course explain why they need to join now to program. Does that sound like a good funnel structure? Yeah, you're saying that you have the that on the same like on the deliver the delivery page you also have you know set up a call language on there or is that what you mean? The delivery of the results isn't immediate?

Um, so there is a thank you page with I don't know even what what there is now there now is very simple. Thank you page saying success blah blah and then they can download a Tracker calibration meditation that we created a special for this and it can book a call. Okay, discuss the thing and then there is a going to be an email kind of sequence saying hey, we're you know. Looking at this and we're going to send you an email with your report in another day or two. but meanwhile book a call to discuss it say if you're a slot, you know, whatever to discuss it and in the reporter always kind of invited to to So the actual marketing messages in the report?

Yes. I can show you the report. I did some examples. Okay, so you're asking them to sign up for call before they? Read your message.

And and in the message like in their report. and then perhaps after but I I would want to expect that they want to they want to book a call when they reach a report like oh this is so amazing. Yeah, it's no more about it. So here we get some you know stats and pictures like that. Those are the chakras here is your score here is the percentage of potential you use which means that all this is your unused potential.

And then I go to explain a little bit like each one of them. No. And then if you want to, you know book a call with the team if you want to discuss more in-depth feedback, which is the first call to action and then I go into another explanation about you know balancing. So you're using I don't know what 20% in your heart chakra, but only 5% in your root chakra if you want to know how to balance book a call. And yeah things like this, so there is all kinds of this is about flow how much you have flow.

And also in the assessment I asked them where you want to have more flow. So I give them personalized feedback about it. If you want more have more flowing sales. So you have to look at your root chakra. Our team has a bank of exercises.

So call us here. If you want to pay battery marketing so you have to have some or open your throat chakra. So our team has a bank of exercise here. So that's kind of that idea of the report. There we go.

That's that same like a good idea. From okay. Yeah, I mean that that works that's certainly works the You're you're relying on. Them opening up this PDF and reading it. You know what?

I mean? Yeah. Excuse me. Yeah. I know.

Who was it? It was a golf. hmm There was a there was a golf company i i a company that that's had. A system for like getting a golf getting your drive better. Do you ever play golf?

Yeah, so it was a survey a lot like you're talking about you go through a series of questions when you hit it. Does it do this? Does it do that when you you know, all of these questions and And all of the every time there was a new question. There was a really short video explaining the question. Well when you hit it that or dada and then put your you do your answer below and then the end.

Instead of you got a report. But there was also a video that said, you know based on the answers that were given that said, okay. Your problem is your main problem is this and we've sent you the the report on exactly the exercises you need to do but blah offer offer offer, you know, so that's a lot of work. I mean, I don't know how many different final videos you would have to do but what that did for them is they at the end of the survey like each survey question was sort of like a mini. There was like a little claim in it and a like a cpb chunk.

And then also the question so there was like education in each question and at the end of it all. there was a call to action to to buy their course, right which was also very cheap. but they were getting they were getting like 10,000 leads every day. every single day And this golf Mitch. And I can't remember then it started with an R.

something golf Brian Levesque goes on and on about it. But how many courses did they sell this? I'm happy fast 22 clients. Like for the first round. Yeah, 10,000 would be too many for you.

Right? Yeah. I don't think I have to piston to answer because I used to contrast survey thing and they don't. I cannot customize according to answer yet. I would have to use another survey tool which of course when I have 10,000 people coming through.

Okay, we'll do it. No problem. Yeah, one moment. It's super focuses. I'm off really many what's really talk is very little more.

It's over because it's not it is scary. Yes, I'm with you. Yeah, the only thing that that's my only comment is that you know, they'll take this they take this action after they consume your message and they you know what, I mean, so that's not gonna happen unless they open up the PDF and read it which is why you know an E5 campaign is is the the lead magnet, you know, it's a video or it's a page. That's like the end result you opt in boom that you're on it and you're still captivated. It's not something they download and look at later.

You know, so that's that's really that's my only comment. I I love this this report. It's very well laid out. You've actually showed this to me before you sent me a copy before really sorry. Yeah, and I went through the whole thing and I really liked it.

I especially like that that graph you know, that has the The the drawn out part, you know, I see those all the time and I was looking at it it made so much. Yeah that thing. this thing and and so I like reading it and I'm like, oh cool that makes sense and it felt like it felt like it was made just for me, you know what I mean? Like this report was custom for me You know, and I know that was your intent. But it's like this is only this is only going to work if they want to read the they read the PDF.

I think the chocolate thing is So what you're saying? Basically, I know what I'm hearing is basically on the landing page like and the thank you page. So there is going to be a video my my E5 campaign video rather. Like I'll send a report with means while let's learn why those chakra calibrations are so important. And why I have to book a call.

Yeah, and if you could and I know you Carter didn't have the setup, but if you could customize that ending. Based on their answers and have you know, if you can say yeah. Well what you need is a You need a third eye chakra. You need work on your third eye chakra because you said x y and z and so here's what that means blah. Here's a link.

There's a link below get on a call. We'll walk you through it. this was I mean that's That's still a short video. It's still a it's still one, two, three, four, five six seven seven short videos. But that's what I would do.

I would go straight to give them their answer like as as succinctly as possible. You know, we've got the report it's going to explain X Y and Z your issue is you need to Third Eye chakra because of a b and c, you know, and listen if you want to get on a call, we'll walk you through it that link is below or something. It can be something that short even but Yeah, I think it's cool. to like I know a lot of times I'll get i'll get PDFs and I'll think. Okay, now I got to read it, you know.

And it's so long. And that's even if I'm interested in the thing whatever the thing is, okay. but that that's what I would do if you can. and I I think I think I I have a hold on a second. Let me look at something as far as far as surveys go.

Yeah. there's something called Yeah. This is a WordPress plugin. There's something called smart. smart quiz Builder that Teddy or somebody turned me on to that said it was really good.

And it has a lot of those it's a it's a WordPress plugin and it I know you're using kartra, but so this doesn't help you. Anyway, never mind. Yeah. Well, there are survey Builders. I did that in another another cycle of other marketing stuff, but then it's like this another 25, you know dollars someone so I'm okay with that, you know, as long as I know that it's you know, I'm going to work with it works right because a lot of quotes on Cool programming to see and yeah, if somebody's interested in and I want to get them my message my marketing message has cleanly and as I don't know.

I just want to make sure that they see the message before they seem like call to action. Because otherwise, they're not going to do the call to action. Most likely. Sometimes survey questions can be asked in a way that they realize that oh, they have a bigger problem than they thought. Yeah, you know what I mean, so that it didn't even think to look at marketing things in terms of their third eye or stuff.

Yeah. Yeah, so that that can entice them to at least look at the their download or if nothing else. you know set up a call if if that happens enough, but always like to make certain I mean because that you're paying for this. You know, you're paying you're paying for all of these links and all of these not links all of these opt-ins all of these every time somebody goes to your survey you're paying for that. And I want to I really want to make sure they see my message, you know, because I'm paying good money for that.

So anyway, that's that's my only comment. I love the survey idea. I love this report. And I love the way you have it laid out. Thank you.

Okay, so I think of how to domestic Yes, just a Mild improvement. I would say but I mean certainly people have PDF still work. you know, yeah, so that's kind of my question overall like everything somehow still kind of works, but like once once it was clear webinars work or this works or the life launches work and now they're all kind of Yeah, if you're really good. Yeah, I mean people who specialize in the thing they get good at it. I was watching.

somebody else talk about webinars and they were saying yeah webinars still work, but but this this and this, you know It's hard to it's hard to do low ticket webinars and still. Make it work economically. Yeah, but they still work. Yes, eventually, what we also want to have for this is a book. We have we are writing a book so there is a book funnel on the way.

for this yeah, but meanwhile we have this. Okay, so I appreciate. Oh just on the webinar or challenges or whatever. So the message is way more important than any of those things, you know the form of how you do it. So and also depends a little bit on your target market for example.

And the level of awareness Do you want to build more? Rapport, you know relationship say if you do let's say you can do a five day challenge or three day challenge if that's what you think you need to do as opposed to sending them to a webinar. And the other thing you don't have to call it a webinar. You can call this. Oh, yeah, that's clear.

But you know that I think everyone knows the structure here is my three secrets and here is a testimonial and look how this has worked for Peter and Paul, you know. Oh, yeah, but if it's important if it's the home if it's the hungry audience. So for example last week, I attended I was I was in a five-day challenge. And I and I was saying to myself, you know, I don't need them anymore challenges. but the message was really good.

I really wanted to know what's in the challenge. I was great, you know, but the reason why I attended it was because of how the marketed and it was exactly what I wanted to hear. you know, so you know message is way more important than the formats the form or medium, you know. okay, so I kind of I'm talking myself out of it. You're saying well the message a message.

Okay, and that's okay. Yeah, I've been through the this PDF this report. in its sound it's a good it's a good mess. There's a good message in there, especially. it especially for this these this chakra thing, which I didn't really understand but I felt like I felt like I felt like it was clear and I knew what to do.

You know what I mean? It's just I I like to make sure that they see the message. And I worry about that with PDFs. That's all. I know there was no doubt my mind what to do in order to get the answers I needed, okay.

If plenty of links everywhere, they all seem to go to the same place. Yeah. so Okay, I appreciate your time. Hi, welcome to 10th minor is making kids but demonstrate that I'm busy. Yes, so thank you and I'll be back as soon as possible, I guess.

Okay, but no wonder that's it. Yeah, there is another holiday this week and another one next. Yes. I have Pentacles and I don't know what well good. Thank you.

Very soon pretty soon. They'll be out for summer too. So you have that to look forward. No, it's around the corner. yeah, okay, but I want to set that up everything as soon as possible and Thank you.

Talk to you soon. Yes. Thank you. By 19. See you.

Bye.
