---
title: "Foundations 2021-12-27 16:59:29"
date: 2021-12-27
duration: 1h 54m
duration_seconds: 6859
vimeo_id: 660483619
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Foundations 2021-12-27 16:59:29

**Date:** 2021-12-27 | **Duration:** 1h 54m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. I have a lot for you. You have a lot to show me. Yes.

I saw an email this morning. I haven't gotten to it yet. I apologize. Never mind. So just pull out the link in the email or wherever or to my document and then I created the SIN offer and the lead and all the benefits to the unique mechanism.

Wow. I want to have a six-figure months in January from this. Can we do it? That's what? That's January?

That's a week away. I know. I didn't say January 1st, but by January. Oh, okay. Oh, okay.

Okay. I got it. Yeah. So it's effectively every single five and coaching program. The memo seven.

It's the memo. I removed the seven because I have never mind. I just removed the seven. Okay. Okay.

So it's a unique mechanism. If you go to the uncover benefits, so everything is listed there, including one and two. Okay. Okay. Booking bridge.

Ooh. Booking bridge. I like that. Any transition booking call? Set calls.

Focus on how to hold the bridge. And. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. when you say you learn are you talking about because of the booking bridge you'll learn from
prospects or are you talking about from the training you learn from the training from our
yeah so this needs these benefits need to be about the step of booking bridge
okay so they lose fear they get to get rid of that fear
yeah the um the only thing the only comments i would make on this first
part is um like when you say many just teach this and that the other thing really we want
everything in the mechanism to be about the mechanism not about the training so like the
system that he uses um in order to you know get so many great clients easily um or close them so
easily that's that's what we're talking about that's that's um i would just you know don't
worry about that here i mean for now but um those are little adjustments i would make
yeah this is this is good here
um
so
I think this is about the training too. So you know which frame to pick?

No, this is actually on the call because some people comment or I know it all kind of people
or totally, oh, can you please just give me the solution? So they come from a, like there's a superior and inferior and eye level frame that accordingly
you tap into. Okay. So if they, if they choose, hold on, frame the call. Step two is you frame the call.

Mm-hmm. And step part eight of framing the call is choosing the right frame. Yeah. So it's not in a particular order, but one of the things to learn is to pick the right frame. Yeah.

All right. So if you pick the right frame, the benefit of that is not so you know which frame to pick. I mean, if you pick the right frame, what's the advantage of that? See what I mean? Yeah.

It's kind of like, it's almost like you're kind of, kind of leaning towards talking about
the training a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. I don't ever think. So on all these, I guess, this, the first, this part 3.1 is about the training because
I didn't know where to put it, but I wanted to dump all my thoughts.

Yeah, that's fine. Yeah. So, yeah, just. So the memo is like 3.2, then we go into the memo, but go ahead. Yeah.

So this is, this is still good because there might be some benefits in here that are about
the memo framework and not about the training. So you can probably get some of that, some, some of those benefits out of here, establish
a clear problem needs to be solving obstacles. So first, let's just add a few examples. Thank you. Yes.

I want to. let me ask you if um like in the first in the pain step where you establish a clear problem
that needs to be solved um when you do that one of the benefits is it uncovers obstacles
and paradigms so that the solution can be tailored accordingly
so if you're if you do that if you actually tailor the um the solution to them you know like it's a
custom uh solution what's the payoff there so you could probably like look at some of these and
and like come up with another benefit just of like if this if this happened you know what's
the benefit there so that's another way that you can dig out more benefits um prospect
your prospect has to have a goal worthy to achieve
now there are reasons they can't do it by themselves therefore need your help
um oh lisa's here hi lisa i'll get to you in a minute
solution your solution is the best why they try to research
oh
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, I see I can dig much deeper into carving out the benefits, right?

Yeah, you know, like some of these, like getting comfortable to seal the deal. So like in step eight, three, that's where, like, I'm not sure exactly what this is. I guess that's where, where you, I guess you get to get a certain mindset so that you're comfortable about asking for money or something, maybe. Yeah. You don't have nervous sales call, you might miss the cues.

Yeah, so the benefit, actually benefit is you don't miss clues, or you see all the clues, right? You see all the clues. So that, this is kind of like a more of a benefit. This is kind of like a, I mean, it is a benefit, but I like to use the word you and then a verb as much as possible when I'm writing benefits. Number one, it gives me a chance to practice my verb finding skills.

You know, matter of fact, I was just in my favorite program, this, this visual thesaurus, you know, going through this stuff. And I was coming up with different, like for the word reveal. Like you reveal, like you reveal, like you reveal this and you unveil that you bring out and uncover and expose and unmask and divulge, you know, I was. I'll adapt that. Visual thesaurus is so cool.

Visual thesaurus, yeah. Yeah. And it's just a little thing I use, you know, whenever I'm writing, sometimes I'm looking for the right word. And what's cool about it is it gives you this mind map. It's not even a mind map.

All of these different balls, these little circles are different definitions of the word discover, right? So like you've got this one to find unexpectedly. This one is to see for the first time to make a discovery. This one is like to get to know or become aware of accidentally. You know what I mean?

So they're all slight variations on the word discover. And if any one of these is kind of what, yeah, I kind of meant this one. And if I click there, it gives me more, you know, I can just, it just allows me. I did, up until now, I went back and forth with my German English translator to see, okay, what do they offer then in German as a translation? Ah, it's more of this than I translate it back.

Ah, it's more of that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So what's cool. And actually, this does. I think you can do has more than one language.

Cool. Yeah, you get German in here. You've got Dutch, French, Italian, Spanish and English. Very cool. Yeah, so, yeah, it is cool.

I mean, it just allows me to sort of like go on a little exploration of stuff, of words. But anyway, I like to use you discover, you uncover, you unpack, you whatever. Because you're coming up with benefits for the prospect, for the, you know. In order to prevent buyer's remorse, explain to them exactly what's going to happen next. You prevent buyer's remorse.

So that's a good one. You have a clear process on what happens after you process the payment. Well, they have, they have a clear, you're like, when you say have a clear process, are you talking about your prospect or your prospect's prospect? The coaches have a clear process because very often it's like, so someone says yes, and then they're surprised. It's like, what do I do next?

Yeah. Yeah. So they don't have, like, how to send invoices or how to take the money and stuff. So. Yeah.

Very often I kind of jokingly tell, you know, ask them, so do you have a way to get paid? And so, like, it's always about 20% as like, no. And so, first of all, make sure you can get paid because otherwise. Yeah, step, step one, consciously hold the energies. Keep your promises, communicate.

So, have a great outside the box fulfillment. So what does this mean, consciously hold energies? So after everything is said and done, then, you know, so often the program starts in two weeks or next week or next one day or whatever. So then there is, again, this time gap where potentially buyer's remorse can come in. And what I tell them to do is to just really keep up the energies, like to do things that keep them happy.

Like, I do a welcome post, a success post, or I send them something or, yeah. Yeah, so, like, your stick rate is higher. You know, that's a benefit of keeping them engaged. Your new client stays excited. You, you know what I mean?

Those are, I kind of, yeah. So you keep your promises. That's just, that's kind of like what's going on, right? But if you do keep your promises, what are the benefits of that? If you do communicate, what are the benefits?

So you have a higher stick rate, your client stays excited, you, you have time keeping them engaged. You know, that kind of stuff. That, again, is more about the program, I would say. Okay. So, yeah, but there might be, so, for example, you and your client are emotionally involved with the conversation, you know, I don't know.

You could probably get, make, find out, go through some of this stuff again and come up with benefits of the actual mechanism itself. So, anyway, this is, this is good stuff. This is, this is more than enough to create a campaign with. Because you use this part really to explain what these steps are in the campaign. And, and in reality, you're not, you're not going to go through all of this, because it would just be too boring and technical and, you know what I mean?

Yeah. So, and you said, what was the other thing you did? The spin, the big idea, the campaign lead. Okay. Okay.

Big idea. It's going to be the universal laws in sales conversations. Maybe if before that, like, if we just go through it chronologically on them. So the synophora I also did, but you should pick what we're looking at first. Okay.

So what products? Sales training. Effortless enrollment coaching. Five days per week of implementation. Oh, okay.

This is for. Is this like, how long does the training last? So this is, this are videos. These are pre-recorded videos and training. Okay.

And the other, the second thing is life coaching. Five days per week, five implementation for how many weeks? Forever? Three months. Three months.

Okay. Okay. Okay, cool. It's like a toolbox of stuff. Yeah.

Yeah. Every single day, you don't master sales. You run in the table. 20 people at a time. This is good.

I'm going to start after the three Xs. What's that? Oh, okay. Start at the X. What is the implementation call about?

Ah, because this is a call. This is a call. Got it. It's a process because you're feeling. Okay.

I've never highlighted the P because I don't know how to prove it. Yeah, that's okay. Third thing we'll talk about is how to hold the energies while closing. Well, I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to hold it changes while closing.

I don't know how to hold the energies while closing. Yeah, you see up here
how you talked about, well, it's
a one-on-one call with me where we have a chat
about how to get the MIMO framework
into your life as possible. Into your business. Yeah, into your business as
little
time as possible. It's
okay to, like the MIMO framework,
it's okay to bring that up
several times, like
with every time, with everything
you talk about in the call.

You know? Because really, what they want is a MIMO
framework by the time they
get here. Mm-hmm. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

In red, I didn't know what risk to remove, right? So if you have a suggestion, what else? I would say, I would say like this here for free. Like, why are you consulting for free? This is a sales call on our part, right?

I get that. But as far as they know, this is a FIFO. It's a MIMO framework implementation call, right? That's what this says. Yeah.

And so why are you giving, why are you just this implementation call, this consulting? Why is that free? So I should add that. I would. Where?

Where is it? Hold on. Free down here. Free. After you say it's free.

Can I just type in why it's free or so, so I can spell that out? I mean, basically, I followed the script you gave me, right? I know. I know. I know.

That's why I'm looking at this. Yes. Because. Yeah. Here's the thing.

I've covered that even, you know, in the first video on the opt-in page. So it's already covered there. So I have the sentence for there. Okay. Because we have a heart, which is true.

No, we have a heart for all those coaches and consultants that otherwise close their business
pretty soon if they don't know how to sell. Like, that's the truth of it. Oh, big idea. So here, I didn't know in what form you want me to write it out, but so I just did. Yeah, so let me see this.

Universal law works in your sales conversations. Is universal law something that they know, that they understand? Yes, absolutely. Okay. So, okay, this is fine.

So this would be good. As long as your audience understands what universal law is. Yeah. And all of this stuff, you don't have to explain all of this stuff. Law of compensation, law of polarity, law of growth, law of gender, law of correspondence.

Like, if they understand all that stuff, then they're going to, what makes this an idea,
a big idea, or a possible big idea? We'll find out once we. Because they coach it. They know it. And they never apply it to their own sales.

Well, yeah, and that's, and I would say, what makes it is that, is it counterintuitive that
these universal laws are applied to something as like a closing, like sales closing, or is
that? I think they're just not aware to also be using it when closing sales. That's what I mean. So if that, if that's the case, then this is a good idea. Yeah.

Yay. Well, I mean, you know, I don't know your audience like you do. Yeah. But this universal laws, see, I don't know what they are. But if, if they, if they think closing, universal, universal laws and sales closing, really, it's,
it's applicable.

And then you explain that and they're like, oh, and then you teach them the thing. So that makes it, that makes it good. So I'm going to get your headlined in the steers, coaches, sales. So here, I wasn't sure about the mysterious and those about immediately, but yeah. Well, you've got, you've got the promise in here.

You've got the mechanism here and the interesting point about helping, about using the universal
laws and sales conversions and sales conversations. So you've got those three things. Um, so those are the three, those are the three parts I look for, right? The promise is in there somehow, the mechanism is either in there or alluded to, and, um, you've
got something curious in there. So that's, and then of course it's useful, unique, um, ultra specific.

Urgent, I always have a hard time with urgent too. Yeah. So that's why I added immediately before there wasn't any, but, um,
Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's tough.

Usually urgent is easy in like other niches, like the financial niche. You know what I mean? Like there's a law coming that once a law is passed, they won't be able to do a certain
thing anymore. And so they, you know, hurry before, you know, inauguration day or whatever. Yeah.

Well, I could say, so you can make sales even this month or so. Yeah. But why, what makes that urgent? Yeah. I mean, is this month, the only month they can do that?

I know. Yeah. See, that's where it's urgent. Like if you, if you have to hurry up and do, if you have to act now or else something
is going to happen, you know what I mean? Yeah.

So, um, uh, yeah, that that's one I struggle with as well. And you, you know, three out of four is not bad of the four. Um, let me see your lead. It's true. There's a new, there's a new recently rediscovered, more conscious difference.

Because in our world, there is nothing new under the sun. So, so it's not new, it's kind of, yeah, it's called the MIMO framework. It's very different from more common methods. You want to consider it because of how you effortlessly line to universal laws. As you see, it takes, all it takes is to shift your thinking.

And the thought can be shifted literally. In literally milliseconds. That's part of all of this. And I have a difficult time to come up with the negatives. Yeah.

So this, when I, when I, here's what I do when I, this, this paragraph right here, and it's
very different from common methods of, so think about like, how do most people train, um,
coaches, how to close or how is, what are the normal closing things that they tell you
to do? Right. So imagine that, um, and then come up to a unique mechanism. Um, and then what you do is you look at, oh, wait, is it, where's unique mechanism? It's in the other sheet.

Yeah. It's on the other sheet. I closed, uh, you come over to the unique mechanism and then you look at all of the ways
it's different. Right. And then you pick stuff out.

So, um, I would say. Um, so, um, I would say. Um, so, um, so, um, so, um, I would say. Um, so it's different because you're using, um, a seven step, a seven part framework that,
um, bridges, bridges, bridges, bridges, your, uh, prospect. Let's see.

That's where I would have to look at this. I'd have to understand these different steps. But maybe check in. If you go back to the other sheet, I think that there was a question like this that I answered. Okay.

With the campaign campaign. What was it? After the start of headline further down, further down, down. Yeah. There we go.

Yeah. So the third is like, why is it different? So the third. Oh, here we go. Yeah.

There we go. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So you're focusing on, uh, I see you, you, you employ these universal laws.

Mm-hmm. You also use a seven part framework that, um, that something, something different about
that. Like what, what is different about the seven part framework compared to, compared to like,
um, standard scripts or templates or, um, stuff like that. Yeah. That we established those seven beliefs first.

And once they have established the seven beliefs, so we know that the prospect is ready
to say yes. So there is just, you know, do you have to make the mental moves? I'm talking about the mental moves. Okay. In theory, in each of those seven steps and only if they're aligned, then move forward
with presenting your offer or asking if they want to do it or so.

Yeah. So it makes your enrollment conversations effortless by aligning them to the universal laws. So I should put there something else. Yeah. So here's, here's what I'm getting at, Nadine.

And this is, this is kind of important. Um, like by the time they hear you talk about the lead, I want them to think, wow, that's
different. Yeah. You know, man, this is, you know, I've heard a lot of sales strategies before, but this
is, this is different. This is something, um, you know, I, and then you talk about how it's overcomes these negatives
and it's fast and easy and all that, but you know, I, I don't believe, I mean, I'm not,
I'm not believing this yet.

You're going to have to prove it to me, but if this is true, this is different and amazing. Um, that's where you want their head to be. And right now, the only thing you have that's talking about how it's different is, um, these
six words aligns them to the universal laws. You know, and so we need more, we need, by the time you finish talking about how it's
different, they need to go, wow, that is different. No.

Um, does that make sense? Yeah, totally. Yes. All right. I was, I was going to say, um, have you started chunks and stuff yet?

You haven't started that. So the lead is as far as you've gotten. Okay. Yeah. So I kind of used the script that was, you know, in the sheet.

Sure. Sure. Um, yeah. So you tell me much more into, into how it's different. Yeah, but yeah, but why it's different, not necessarily, maybe not how, or I guess how
that you don't need to teach them anything about the steps or the method or anything.

Uh, you just have to say enough, just like a couple of sentences. So they get, so that in their mind, they think, damn, that's different. Yeah. That's really different. You know, that's, that's where we, that's where we need to get them.

Yeah. Okay. Can you highlight that? No, that. All right.

The comment or so that I know to. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. is that cool is that enough yeah super and then also the big negatives just down there i i really
didn't know you know do i refer to something outside the mechanism something negative about
always no it's always about the mechanism but because they're using the mechanism
yeah what is it what do they what do they not have to do so um best part of all it doesn't require you
to um try to force a conversation into uh you know a script that you have next to the phone
and it doesn't require you to um you know try to repeat the same things over and over regardless
of who you're talking to and you know it doesn't require you to things like that things that they
know they hate doing right it doesn't require you to um to start to start a conversation awkwardly
using forced language you know um it doesn't require you to um i don't know i could probably think of
others i kind of uh it's been like 45 minutes i kind of want to get to lisa to make sure
but before she falls asleep waiting but if you want to stick around we can come back to this
yeah yeah i don't have a problem but i think that's pretty all that i came to up until today
all right i'll be back on another day thank you so much all right you're welcome hi lisa hi
how are you doing merry christmas oh thank you i had a hard
hard week i don't know i had like a migraine headache for a week and um a week i did it's
still not totally better but everyone i know just told me about omicron so i was like i'm glad you
care about me and my specific issue and now you can tell me about omicron for another 15 minutes
because that's really helpful and you know i've had migraines before and thank god i don't have
diabetes or heart disease or cancer or liver disease or all the things people are dying from
today who didn't get diagnosed or treated you know and i'm sure they all get lectures on omicron also
you know it's like a absolutely
international obsession people really didn't want to know anything about my migraine headache they just
want to talk about omicron symptoms which everyone is apparently an expert in even though nobody's
completely sure if it exists it's amazing especially the people in south africa who
actually identified it so i've learned all about omicron from every person i ever thought was a friend
and that's how i spent the week oh yeah and i've now decided that no one is allowed to say corona
covid omicron or virus around me i said if you really want to talk about this you can talk about
a cold that someone had a cold or these many people had a cold other than that you cannot use those
words because i will simply end the conversation i've reached the absolute you know i'm completely
saturation saturation point no i'm i refuse to have any of those words in i would i'll end relationships
if that's what they want to talk about yeah after getting no compassion and only descriptions of
omicron and questions about whether i had omicron i'm just done with humanity for the most part
cool well then let's talk about your campaign yes we won't be able to talk about all those things
in my in my class i'll tell you that
okay so i put it all together whatever you call that i just sent it to you in an email yesterday
did you get a chance to take a look at that no yesterday i did not yeah i was at a commission
for a week i didn't do anything i couldn't sleep i took extra tylenol every two hours which
theoretically should probably kill you but here i am and i did i couldn't sleep so i watched
facebook and youtube on every subject under the sun i feel like wikipedia
i couldn't do anything i literally couldn't walk to the door almost couldn't get to the bathroom
i'm just i'm checking yeah so i didn't get anything done in a week except i started yesterday to try to
do as much as i can at least i'm i now know what i don't know so that's the good news all right i'm
looking for something you might have sent to me well i sent it last night to coaching department
uh my time eastern time 8 30 p.m but i can send it again well here's something that was sent that i
just got um it showed up i haven't sent anything in a while because i told you i've been in bed
yeah well i mean at 6 p.m so about about an hour ago is that the one you're talking about
or did i send it again i don't know it just showed up well all right well hold on but it can't be it
can't be uh maybe just got to you who knows yeah that's probably what that's probably what happened
yeah but it wouldn't be anything for a week before and i didn't send anything this morning
so for sure that has to be it but we'll know very soon okay hold on let me open that up
document one
okay it should say on it something like 12 26 somewhere i got 12 25 um it could say that
yeah it got to me just an hour ago okay so you know what scroll down because there's some
things i copied that i can tell right away if you scroll all the way to the bottom
everything on the bottom is would be new if it's the right one wait scroll back up again
if it has the yellow highlighting we're in the right place
up up up not there keep going no keep going because i have that duck yeah that's that's it
okay yeah that's it so i have questions in the yellow highlighting but we can go from the top and
i'll just share my questions if that's okay okay
okay so not too much new over here
you've seen that all before okay you know it's a little tweaking but nothing major
i started deleting and being more specific on what's proof and all that
just a little streamlining but after i go through the bigger questions we can go back to any little
things okay so this is your nothing new yet okay nothing new yet okay so now i get into
yeah nothing really new here okay
you know just new copy but nothing
so just go through the um okay so what am i looking what do you want me to look at for you
we'll get there okay all right i'll keep going yeah okay here it is now okay i put everything
together the way you know it said whatever you call that thing where you put everything together
right okay so the everything i wrote before up until this point was about the um c5 method
so now i get into all the deliverables which were the details of the live coaching which is below in
these boxes okay so
i've just sold them on the c5 method do i do these deliverables in another document
no do i say okay the way you get this wonderful method is through my live master
class like yeah let me show you an example of an e5 campaign in action that might help you
visualize what's going on um so here is one about i mean it really could be just a segue line like
the way that you know what i mean but okay yeah so can you see my my screen there's okay custom keto diet
get your custom keto diet plan then there's a video and then there's a button and when you play this video
um it has the lead it has the marketing argument it has the offer all in this one video
and then by the time it gets to talking about the price that's when this button is supposed to show up
in this case she has it here at the very beginning but um that but basically everything is
in this video as one long script so is it a written script let's see what it looks like
all right let me let me just uh let me share some of my um sound here
exactly what to eat to lose fat and get healthy without giving up your favorite foods or starving
yourself if you're serious about achieving permanent fat loss and the complete health transformation
while eating tasty meals like ribeye steak with roasted garlic and butter
then i invite you to watch the short video hi my name is rachel roberts i'm not a scientist
doctor or guest lecturer at harvard instead i'm a proud mother of two that lives with my husband in
austin texas but what i have to share with you today is so extraordinary and powerful that i decided
to create this short video for you myself okay so as you can see there's there's nothing um there's no
images really there's no bullets it's just a text one long script and it's the what she's reading
is exactly what you're the text that you're seeing in the slides right yeah but the point is that it's
got everything it's got the lead it's got the um credibility part it's got the marketing argument
it's got the center i understand all that i just don't understand how i transition from the method
which i've just sold them on okay to the delivery which is a live group coaching class
okay so what's your price point again i don't know because what it was back then i don't know
i haven't actually decided but anyway that's the first question is how do i now move
from there's just got to be a line that says now you know what it is you want it here's here's you
know how you'll experience you know or learn this method okay so here's here's
okay so um
okay so to transition between your marketing message and the that's all my e5 and why it's
different and better and right exactly yeah now that they understand what c5 is yeah or 5c c5
whatever it is yeah yeah now that they now that they get it they understand why it's different
and better than everything else the translation i mean the transition is simply something like
okay now that you understand completely um what 5c is and what it does and why it's so great
at creating at um at helping you create a speech that sells itself for 10k or more um now that you
understand that let me introduce to you an offer i have that is going to put the 5c method right in
your lap and this is i mean i'm don't use those words exactly but uh and then you talk about the c5
method now if if you're if your price point is over three thousand dollars say then
what you really need to do is get them on the phone right and so if that's the case then
the master class and the coaching calls and the story coaching and the core message coaching that is not
your offer instead what your offer is is the 5c implementation call you know just like nadine's doing
right and that and what that is is where you explain to them okay here's um you're going to explain to them
what you're going to talk about isn't that my sin offer where i explain the reason for the call
somewhere here yeah um think if we scroll down it goes so do i leave out all this
i have other questions but let's just stay with this and then i'll go back to the question okay so
so where is the sin offer should be below
somewhere this is that this is your sin offer all of this no no go down into the red here
so here's where i here's where i um offer the call okay yeah so this is where you you write
you create a presentation about your offer okay um
so i think if i just switch the order and put this and then put the more detail yeah so you don't need
this is the only purpose that we have these um these tables here is so that you know
to help you plan and so that you know what to write
and you're doing this when you're doing this yes i can really put that all here
yeah okay so that makes sense that answers that question right but here's what i want you to
understand you see how you have the first thing you get is yeah and the second thing you get is
yeah well only do that if your price point is low enough that you want them to pay for this
um offer right on the internet and not even talk to you no i don't think that's going to happen
okay so if that's the case then your offer is a strategy call like kind of like you started here
no no i'm planning to i have to talk to them on the phone there's no way
that they're just gonna buy this right so um this is your opportunity for me to talk with you
one-on-one about getting the 5c about using 5c to create a speech that will sell itself right
the first thing we're going to talk about is yeah the second thing we're going to talk about is yeah
i get it the third thing and so you probably will only have like three things that you're going to
talk about otherwise i mean it's going to be like a two-hour call
um yes but but keep in mind that they already want 5c method right so make sure that whatever
you're talking about are about is about getting them the 5c yeah this is just the delivery method
for getting the 5c just the delivery method for we really only need to talk about the fact that
it's group and individual the rest is a part of the 5c method uh see here's yeah you don't even
you wouldn't even do that so if you i mean i'm gonna stop sharing for a second um look you
no so i'll tell you why i feel like i i do need to talk about the fact that it's live coaching
because i had some clients that did a boot camp and they basically just watched videos
and did homework and this is not that you know i think that's i need to explain that you're not
just going to get homework and you know templates and videos
that's the rest of you'll get this get that is all the 5c this the core message the story
launch structure whatever it was but i do think i need to explain that this is this is live coaching
with a group and it's not like you're watching a bunch of videos but you explain that to them on the
phone when they call you i see
really the offer in this on this um page this thing that you're writing now the offer is this
amazing phone call this consulting call is just going to be more about the 5c method not about
the structure of the class well it's going to be about it's it's going to be about the 5c method
but it's you're still going to try to um you're still going to try to talk them into buying your
class into getting into your coaching right but when i make that offer when it says we'll talk about
this that and the other thing are we going to talk about 5c or are we going to talk about the structure
of the class i mean what am i going to say we're going to talk about yeah so we'll talk about um
like i'm trying to remember the 5c what the 5cs are construct connect captivate challenge yeah so
the first thing we're going to talk about is how you how we'll talk about what you're doing now and
how you can um captivate your audience blah blah blah another thing we're going to do is we're going
to talk about um we're going to talk about the construction phase about i'm just going to reiterate
5c okay yeah just kind of you teach them you but how specifically they could do it with
whatever it is they're into whatever they want to how the 5c method will work for you
yeah exactly but then also during that call you can say now i have a coaching um i have a
a course and a complete coaching uh system that will step you through this so that you don't make
mistakes so that blah blah blah and all of that is of course whatever i mean you were telling me
before how you know once you get them on the phone you got them so that's whatever it is you typically
say to somebody in order to get them as a client that you say that as well at the end i actually um
give them the opportunity i don't like have a conversation in um the traditional sense what i
would typically do is i just say you know what you have two doors can go down one is door one where
you'll tell a story and i'll show you exactly how you would tell it in your keynote and what the message
is or door number two is we could have a more conventional conversation where you ask me questions
or i tell you things you might want to know everyone takes door number one but i don't want
to push people into um getting immediate coaching on their story but the way i frame the doors i'm like
door number one you're going my magic carpet and we i take you out there and you're experiencing
just how you share your keynote and door number two i make it sound so boring you know but at least
so so that's your that's your sales process and that's perfect whatever pit whatever your your
however you close your prospects now that's that's how you close them on this call yeah so um however
why are they going to call you because they are dying for 5c right okay i mean that's how you start
the call you start the call talking about 5c and then you go into that all right so that's the first
question which i now understand and so the deliverables don't even have to be anywhere i'm
not selling live coaching so that's just good for me to know that's this until i get on a strategy call
yeah when you when you explain your offer to them um like what they get then well you've done a lot of
the homework you can you've got benefits that you can talk about while you do that you've got
you know everything you've already worked out okay and usually
you know they're not that overwhelmingly curious about all this you know because they figure whatever
it is i'll figure we'll find out as we go along
yeah i know this about people
you know they just want to know they can trust me and that this is going to work how it all happens
it's like before you go to the gym you don't need to know how every machine works and how long
you're going to be on each one and what each one does who cares you just go there and little by little
you'll figure it out okay so that i get that so we go back to the document i'll go to my next question
okay so scroll back up again
keep going yeah so now i started going into
go back to the bonuses go down again okay so here we are
so here's the bonuses now
now what i didn't understand
up not above where we are you scroll back up yeah
it's a bonus okay so the thing about it when i was looking at whatever campaign i was looking at
it only talked about how the bonuses were like 97 each and 291 and you get it all for 49
or whatever 59 but it didn't even talk about the price of the course
it only talked about all the money you were saving on the bonuses
whose campaign were you looking at
well i think paul sent it to me i don't know
i don't know what whose campaign it was i don't remember but in any case it got me totally confused
because it seemed to be only pricing and selling the bonuses and not everything else
um
then there you must have missed something because that i probably missed something
i don't think my head has worked for a week i hope it starts to work again
no really i'm not totally back yet but okay so now let's go down to the bottom of the bonuses
okay
and now it's money back guarantee
and um but i need to say the course is where do i say what the course cost and do i
well yeah so here's where you if if your price point were low enough where you could try to sell
this on the website right then this is where you do it the first thing you get is the 5c method group
coaching or the course whatever that first whatever the first deliverable is right um the first thing you get is is that um and then you
let me come up let's say it's three thousand dollars that sounds like for three months
it says three thousand let's just say okay so let if you were going to sell this for three thousand
and you wanted to do it without getting anybody on the phone you wanted to try to get them to buy
on the website
then down below
this this where we are now
where it says the first thing you get is
that's where you get this the first thing you get is the 5c method group coaching
i really doubt that anybody would buy a course without talking to anyone
right but i'm answering your question
okay but let's forget that because i'm not going to try to sell it without talking to me
okay so now what do i do so now what you do is don't worry about the deliverables
don't worry about the bonuses um right as far as this i mean you'll have to have that in mind
or written down somewhere close to you yeah that's my next step is to figure out
how many days a week and you know i had an idea months ago but i wanted to just think about it again
right so that the next thing is to
okay let's just say it's three thousand dollars and it's three days a week
and it's like an hour and a half a day like 90 minutes let's just say
okay that's probably something in the vicinity okay so i don't think because of the nature
of the people and the business it's it's people who like to talk
okay expect to talk and want to talk to me i'm sure as i don't think anybody in this business would
would not um want to have a conversation so i'm not even going to try to sell it online at this
moment until i if it once maybe i've run the course a few times i would consider doing that and raising
the price too but this is i just want to get it up and running the easiest way okay and the first
thing i'm going to do is send it out to my email list and the second thing i'm going to do is put
it on facebook okay
so
i just can go right from
the c5 method to the sin offer for the strategy call and never mind about the bonuses and the
deliverables correct don't worry about any of that stuff because you explain that to them on the
phone okay that's easy and that seems to make i mean i was thinking maybe that's the way to go
because i'm just selling the 5c method and that really is not about that it's just about
other stuff that's outside of it and how they get it okay so the next question
is i have a lot of really good testimonials from that are from impressive and from you know
semi-celebrities people that are known in their industry you know whether it's a speaking industry
or the sports or adventure that's what it's called industry so where do they go
so in the um send offer presentation
let's say
this part here the first thing we'll talk about on this implementation call is xyz as a matter of
fact coach carter told me that you know who was one of my who i worked with was able to blah blah blah
um the second thing we're going to talk about is you know xyz and as a matter of fact um john
i'm going to go through the 5c you know challenge captivate
right right so it's got to be about 5c and not about your program
okay well it's about my coaching and the amazing results they got people most of them are just
generated people just wrote me an email and thanked me
okay so so like this the first thing we're going to do is we're going to talk about captivating
your your audience and if um and the reason you need to do that is xyz and a big benefit is this
as a matter of fact i worked with astronaut john glenn and when he um captivated his audience he was able
to xyz you know what i mean so you don't actually have a testimonial of him about you
but a testimonial that's a proof point right about this benefit so i can edit it so it's just about
results not the results of the first thing you're going to talk about okay right you see how that works
yeah the way i saw the other testimonials were just in a big list
versus proving each point of the mechanism but that's fine yeah i mean you're whenever you have
a proof point a testimonial is great okay but you've got to be proving something there's always
something you're proving you don't just like randomly put um testimonials in there i don't see that i did
see that
okay i mean people do that yeah people do that but it's always going to be you're going to see people
put random testimonials when they're when they're raving about some deliverable that you have you know
if it's a course you'll have testimonial after testimonial of these people who got great results
from the course in this case you're not talking about your course yeah you're talking about the
strategy call and about teaching them 5c on the phone okay i hope i can find something in all the
testimonials that relate to each part of the method because you know people don't exactly
pinpoint the value they got so we'll have to see how that works it even the thing that's cool about
what i'm describing is it doesn't even have to be a testimonial like if you've worked with a client
and they've got a certain um result and you know that yes then it now would becomes a little one
sentence case study about okay this thing that they achieved because of this you know this proof
this is proof but yeah okay so that's fine because i remember one of my clients told me that somebody
came over to him after a speech and said they had never heard such a well-structured speech
you know that this it was just absolutely perfect and people appreciate that so i could just put that in
there yeah yeah that sounds like it could be a proof point for one of several benefits you're talking
well i need something for the speech structure coaching and that's a perfect example of how well
the structures work that i help people with you know the structuring okay but that's your
you're you're only going to be talking about that during your phone call
no but i wouldn't put that in you know the fifth thing we'll talk about is how is um construct
okay okay yeah so yeah yeah yeah that would be the perfect place for it just a little so i'll just
say the 5c i'll in this case i'll either do a testimonial or a little story about that and um
okay that makes sense to me
so when i once i finish the sin offer
that's pretty much it you know call me or email me and we'll have a conversation
pretty much it yeah in the if you scroll down keep go scroll down again
and we want to stop yeah so all this stuff um
it's about the money yeah yeah so this stuff is not applicable to the call
yeah because they don't know how much my class is exactly so what is the last line i'm going to be
on is the end of the give me a call wherever that might be all right let's see here um
see so
this is all about the price i get it i get it i'm just gonna
i'm gonna do something here
i'm gonna line these out
um so
with everything
we talked about
and then you change this to right
oops
oops
okay
Thank you. I mean, do you think I should try to just sell it with all this and not have to have a phone call? I don't see anyone in the business I'm in doing that. You know, I would say if it's going to be three grand, I would get them on the phone.

Yeah. Plus, nobody else is expecting people to buy online without a call. I see that everybody's offering a call. I also see that they all have a team of people, you know, and they're salespeople, marketing people. You know, they're all pretty sophisticated, putting a lot of money into all this.

You know, I feel I still have an edge because. Yeah. Listen, you know, Lisa, here's what I'm going to do. I have another script. Hold on.

Let me find it. Yeah. It's just for the call. Yeah. Because there's nothing about really pushing the call here.

It's more like pushing, press the button and buy. Yeah. So what's the title of the call all about? So here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to send you.

This is the name of this is Sinophic Construction, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. But the script at the end of it is what's the title of the call all about? Well, it's a one on call with me where we have a chat about how to get 5C method into your life. And that looks good.

Yeah, that looks perfect. The first thing we'll talk about is this, that and the other thing. OK. And then the rest of this. So instead, today, when you schedule the 5C implementation call with me, I will cover and give you a bonus.

If you have a bonus, if not, you leave that out. Yeah, I do. Total value of, you know, $7,000. What's the $7,000? Not $7,000.

No, no. But what's $150? Whatever your consulting time is worth for an hour long call. Mm-hmm. For free.

And here's the thing. When you schedule it, I will give you my personal guarantee that you either big benefit or you just tell me and I'll risk reversal. So you could leave that out. Right. Or add a risk reversal.

You know, listen, if I'm wasting your time, I'll pay you $100. Mm-hmm. Or, you know, whatever. I'm not feeling that generous today. Thank you.

There's no need for you to continue feeling blah, blah, blah. There's no need for you to continue blah, blah, blah. You can change all that today with 5C implementation call. So I'm going to send this to you right now. You know something?

I have a call right now that I already might have totally missed. I have to go right this minute. But that would be great. Thank you so much. I'll send it to you.

Okay. All right. Bye-bye. Bye. Bye.

See, I want to take this. I want to copy the link. Anyone on the internet can view. Copy. I'll send this.

Email this. To Lisa. Lisa. Lisa. Here is the.

Are you there, Nadine? You said in the chat you wanted to. I've just amended the lead. So after you're done with Lisa, I'd love to have you look if possible. Thanks.

I'll be away for five to 10 minutes. All right. I'm going to pull that up. And we're going to look at it. Hey, there you are.

Mended the lead. Lead, lead, lead. Hey, Michael. I'm back. Hello.

Hey. All right. So I'm going to take a look at your lead. Yes. Thanks.

You're welcome. It's very different from the common methods you'd like to be familiar with because I thought
makes your enrollment conversations effortless by lifting their beliefs to a level on which
they resonate with you and your coaching. And you'll do that aligned with the universal laws. So rather than chatter through a sales script, you'll have a very natural conversation about
their beliefs. And once you understand where your prospects stand with their thoughts and beliefs, you'll
know exactly which mental moves they still have to make in order for them to say yes to
your offer.

And as you'll see, all it takes is to identify where they need a shift in their thinking and
a thought can be shifted in literally milliseconds. Best part of all, it doesn't require you to do things you feel awkward about or force any
kind of language that you don't feel comfortable with and you can enroll more high value clients
regardless of whether you're already a top coach in your space, regardless of whether you're
already a top coach. Okay. Okay. So if you want to enroll a new high value client effortlessly, you want to pay close attention
to what I'm about to share with you.

Okay. Yeah. The word literally doesn't really add anything except unless they use that word a
lot. If that's how they speak, then I'd leave it in there. Yeah.

That's just. I would just can be shifted in milliseconds. It's probably but. Which resonate with you and your coaching. And you'll do that aligned with the universal laws.

So rather than cut to. So rather than cut to. And you'll do that. So how about and you'll do that using a unique seven layer process that is aligned with the
universal laws. I don't know if it's layers, but we can use that or steps, steps, layers, pillars,
phases, because they're kind of parallel.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Layers are on top on each other.

Okay. Just offering a suggestion. Yeah. Yeah, this is much better. This is much, much better.

Can you say. Yeah, this is the kind of thing where, because you're saying it's aligned with the universal
laws. And then, so rather than cut through that, then, so rather than chatter through a sales
script, you'll have a very natural conversation about their beliefs. So that's different. And once you understand where your prospects stand with their thoughts and beliefs, you'll
know exactly which mental moves they still have to, they still have to make in order for
them to say yes.

Yep. So that's good. So you see that. Doesn't that feel better? Doesn't that feel like it's, it's a more, I don't know.

It's more, it's more about what it is. Absolutely. Yeah. That's what, that's what, that's all we're trying to do here. All we need is just a couple of 300 words and just to get them excited about MIMO framework.

That's it. Okay. In fact, I would even say like the universal laws, tell me, tell me about those. What are those normally used for? I mean, what, what is.

Well, they, they are like, they rule the whole universe. So like, it's everything. So the law of cause and effect is probably the ones, the one that you're most familiar,
familiar with. Right. So, you know, that everything is a cause, like every cause has an effect.

So if you want to have more sales, you will probably have to go and talk to more people. Right. If you want to have more friends, probably it's a good idea to, you know, make some connections,
like whatever you want, be the cause. Okay. So that's just one thing.

But also if, if the water is too hot, my hand will draw away. So there is like, to every cause, there is an effect. Okay. Some we know, some we're aware of, and most of them, we're not even aware of them. Okay.

The law of gender is like, there is female and male energy. The male energy is the doing kind of energy. The female energy is the receiving kind of energy. And every like man and woman that we, and every living thing has both of them in a specific
and unique, um, balance or constellation. So, um, for growth or for, for creation, like both parts are needed.

And in terms of the sales conversation, it's when do you talk and when do you keep quiet? When do you listen? When do you give inputs? You know? Um, so that's one of the things also the law of gender is the law of growth is a secondary
law, the law of gender, because ultimately when the female and the male energies come together,
they can create.

And so growth is always a creation process and it's naturally to every living being to
always want more, right? More sales, more money, more friends, more love, more anything. No one says, Oh no, I want less sales. I want less money, you know, less friends. Yeah.

But that's inherent to, to, to our nature. Okay. Yeah. So, so like where you have the, so rather than, um, chatter through like in that paragraph,
you could, you could kind of like, um, tap into that a little more. You could say something like, so rather than, um, so rather than talking about pain, your,
your prospects pain, or rather than chatting through a hyperbolic sales script that makes
you sound salesy, instead you tap into the universal laws of the universe and have a natural conversation
about their beliefs.

Right. And you know what I'm saying? It's like, you kind of just add a little more about the, the, I don't know, the grandeur
of it or the, um, that's kind of exciting to me, you know, as you're explaining it. Um, I think basing a conversation or using that, like the laws that control the universe
to influence a conversation. You know, I'm doing that instead of reading a hypey sales pitch or talking about their
pain and making them feel bad.

And you know what I mean? I'm not doing that. Instead I'm using these universal laws that control what happens in the universe to guide
a natural conversation about their beliefs. So I don't know, it just, just kind of make it sound like it's, um, like what it is. You know what I mean?

It's, it's okay to be, to be, and I'm not talking about hyperbolic, but it's okay to be
exciting, to get them excited about the universal law, um, laws and how it, like what it does to
a conversation. Like what it, what do these universal laws do to two people when they're having a conversation? When they're having a conversation, you know, it bonds them. It brings them together. It makes them, I don't know, more collaborative, more sharing, more connected.

You know what I mean? So exactly. So, so I do talk about that somewhere. I don't know now where I put it, like how it is that the energies that are between the
lines between like, it's over the words. Even if you just, if we hop on zoom, like I wouldn't hop like this on a sales conversation.

Right. Then I have eye level and no reflection in my glasses, whatever, because it's, it's like,
it's establishing this connection from the first moment, you know, for example, be eye level. And I would, sometimes I have my hot hand on the heart. And so that kind of like that, those are cues that they pick up. They don't even know consciously.

Right. Okay. But there is a lot to, to how I show up. And then the first thing is like, I would smile without saying anything. So I set the stage in a quiet and nice kind of way.

Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's not in this case, not, it's not about the conversation.

It's about what we have a conversation about, like those seven beliefs. And it's about how we have this conversation. So therefore the steps before the call, how I set the stage, I set the energies. I set, like, I give them kind of a meditation to set their intentions for the call. Right.

So they have their money mindset on the right place because many like struggling coaches,
it's like, where do I have the next client that I can pay my bills? So that's not the kind of mindset that, that, you know, gives this, this calmness and yeah,
to enroll clients. Right. There is nervousness in this, in the, in the energies. So I give them.

Yeah. Like a meditation before, so they can set the intention to help the person. And all we do in this conversation is to figure out whether or not I can help the person. Hmm. And if I, if I can, it's kind of my moral obligation to offer them my help.

Because on the other end, many of those coaches is like, then they have self doubt. Can I really do it? Do I know enough? Am I qualified and all those things? I still don't have my certificate.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So then, you know, so that's, that's where I have to, I first pinpoint the coaches energies
and hold them up so that they can then hold the prospects energies. Understand?

So it's far more than the conversations. And I can't explain to you all of that with the universal laws. I'm not sure if you really, like, if it makes sense here in, like in the lead or, or even
in the coaching. Well, it only does. Because it's kind of intuitive as well.

Well, I, it, it does only if I understand, if I know what universal laws are. Yeah. Right. And since that's your big idea and that's going to be in the headline, you kind of,
you have to talk about it. So this is the appropriate place to do it.

Okay. Yeah. Um, because that's like, that's, that's what's exciting. Yeah. That's what needs to be exciting is melding these universal laws into this relationship
that you, that you, I don't know, implement like within a few seconds of getting on a call
of somebody.

Yeah. So that, you know, you, you each know that you're an advocate for each other's success. And I don't know. So the way, or when I put them, my battery is running low, where I put it in the, what
was it? The big idea.

So there I, I listed the universal laws. So do you think it's a good idea to cover them here? No, no, no. So it's only a big idea because they know what the universal laws are. Okay.

It's a big idea because they're in, in my mind, what makes, what makes them curious
about universal law and closing on a sales call? What makes them curious about that? Like if they know what the universal law is, then it's like, well, what does that have
to do with sales calls? Yes. So that's what, I mean, should you say something about it here?

Maybe if you need to, or maybe a reminder. I think the level of awareness is that first of all, they surely know that there are universal
laws. And I would say 90% are familiar with the law of attraction. Okay. All the other laws, and there is depends on definition, you know, there's first law, secondary
laws.

So there is nine to 22 because the secondary laws and universal laws. So probably they don't know the in and out of it, but they know that they exist. Okay. So my question here is, you know, how far, how deep do I go into that? And when I was on the coaching, I will.

Right. Yeah. So, yeah. So for the lead, you go into it just deep enough. So they get excited about the memo framework.

Okay. Just enough. If you could, like some of the things you were just now telling me when you were explaining
it to me, that was very interesting. You know what I mean? And it was.

And so if, if that's kind of at that level, I mean, you're explaining it to me because
I have no idea what the universal laws are. Right. The law of attraction. And I kind of know what that is. You know what I mean?

I didn't know. Probably some of these laws, if you explain them to me, I would recognize them and say,
Oh, okay. I know what that is. Or, you know what I mean? But the fact that there are nine of them or 22 of them, and that they all work in tandem
with each other in conjunction with each other or something in order to really manifest what
you want.

Um, I think, I think whoever, whoever your audiences, you need to say enough about the universal laws. So that they think, wow, this memo framework, this is it. Okay. This is, you know, this is, this is, and you start talking about, you start talking about
it. Um, but if you can talk about it in such a way that they're like, yeah, this is, um, this
is the right, this is obviously the right way to try to sell somebody something.

All these other guys who teach sales, they don't know what they're talking about. This is it. Yeah. Right. This is all we're trying to do is get them excited about it.

And I wouldn't even say a short description of universal laws. I would say, um, a short description of why the universal laws make memo frameworks so different. Make, uh, yeah, memo frameworks so different and exciting. That's really what you're trying to do here. Mm hmm.

Yeah. Oh, cause if, if I know what they are, if I've heard of them, but, but sales really sales. And then you say, and you say, whatever it is you say to me, you're teaching me. And I'm like, oh, you know, I get that. Oh, do you?

Oh, I, I, yeah, cool. You know, they still, they're not, they don't believe it yet, but you want that. Want them to open their eyes really wide during this explanation of memo framework and go,
Oh, the universal laws is in that. I can get them in that. Oh, hell.

That's what I'm going to do then. Uh, you know? So that's, that's really, that's what the lead does. Just get them. Oh, her battery just died.

She said her battery was going to die. And it just died. Well, I'm going to wait a minute or two for Nadine to show back up. Bummer. So Nadine, if you're watching the recording, sorry, your battery died.

Like you said, it was going to, but really what, what, what you need to do is like, like
we were just talking about, use the lead to get them really excited about memo framework, um, by
talking about how the universal laws are what make it so different than everything else. Right. So I'll wait a little bit longer. See if you show up. And, um, if not, there's like 10, 10 more minutes in the call anyway, but I'll stick around for a few.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
