---
title: "Foundations 2022-10-03 16:00:29"
date: 2022-10-03
duration: 53m
duration_seconds: 3218
vimeo_id: 756485231
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Foundations 2022-10-03 16:00:29

**Date:** 2022-10-03 | **Duration:** 53m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey there, you're looking fine in that burgundy sweater. Well, is that purple sweater? What's up, man? My favorite time of day. Hello.

Your immediate I can't hear you. I can't hear you. Say something now. Can you hear me? Don't matter.

Oh, let's try that. Can you hear me? All right, that's not actually this microphone for some reason that was not working. if you I'll try restarting my computer, but that'll do that later for now. Good.

I got your email. I wanted to respond but Jackie yesterday she kind of like threw out her but like the female version of throwing out her back, which is throwing out her neck and I've just been like running around all morning trying to trying to do as much as I can. so so what I did was I went through your your chunks here. Yeah, and just it took me a while because I wanted to like when I go through these I make sure that I understand what you're trying to do and what's going on. You know what I mean?

So that I make sure you're not missing stuff. So this first part here. And this is after the lead and after your credibility statement, which is all fine. This part here is all pain. So sorry one second.

I'm were you able to compare the doc that I sent you with the older one to see like what was written and what was changed? the oldest because Here because this is the new right. So yeah, so this is what I have been working on. Perfect. So right they will also be another one and I can send that to you.

Because what you're saying is just pain and not supporting the thesis is basically what Adida road with some small edits. Right. So yeah, I'm just and I'm All I'm doing is I'm getting I'm getting my head around what's going on. Just to make sure everything's cool. I'm not saying pain is bad.

I'm not saying that at all. Okay. I'm just I'm just stating what so this isn't. This is not the latest thing. This is the latest thing.

This is the latest thing but I just want you to see like the older thing so that you can compare what I change because we complete the rewrote the lead and The credibility statement. We completely redid the offer, but the middle cpb chunks just because I October started so we ran us over October challenge. I don't know if you saw my other email but I shared a Excel sheet with you. I got everybody to fill it in a questionnaire at yeah. Yeah.

So did you see all their pain points man? Like all the first question is? What is the biggest challenge for you to drink? Like, what is the biggest number one reason why you continue drinking or what's your challenge with being able not being able to stop and almost everybody? Without fail is either habit or stress or boredom or loneliness, right?

Like it's like these these things. Anyways, we'll talk about that later. So in dark brown coaching dogs campaign arguments. I have the campaign argument open as well and I'll send it to you so that you can open it to and we can do a comparison. So this is something else, okay.

No. No, so what you're looking at is what it is now, but what I'm sending you. Is what we had like the vsl that got recorded, right so so that you can do a comparison between like what what's different and what's what was before Oh, no, I don't need to do that. I mean unless you want me to do that. What's no because okay anyways to continue, please continue.

Yeah, so is there? Like you wanted to basically make it shorter. So they got to the offer quicker, right? Yeah. Yeah.

And that's what I was looking at was okay here. Okay. So I I basically because I didn't want to mess up this thing. So I just made a copy of it and I'm just going as I go through it. What I see there's the paint stuff and then the first part is you don't have to drastically change your lifestyle.

And then you say you talk about step one. And then step two. Okay. So step one is understanding the effects of alcohol. So you're shocked into action, right?

That's step one. step two is infusing five habits And as far as I read, there's only two steps, right but of course in step two, there's five habits. So have it one is meditation have it too was cooking a daily meal and three is reading have it for is aerobic exercise have it five was walking. And then you have this little summary thing here. And then you go into let you have like there's some spots in here like just like Ellen said and you have a doctor there's a screenshots so that I I put this in here so I know which slide to put the screenshot on I can send you all the screenshots in a separate up.

That's okay as long as it's proof about the benefit. And this is you know from experience. That this always works and when I say no from experience you're talking about you've seen these kind of habits easily. Take over your life. You've seen that and that's basically so, you know, it works.

And then you have like Jamie said that's another poop point. and you've got the a HRM hard reset method gets rid of the thing that caused your drinking in the first place. you've got I I restructured some of the points where I took the ones at the bottom I put those like a little bit higher up. I took the one out about heb's law or no II kept it but I changed a little bit where I said look like right after The Five Habits where I'm like look I know what you're probably thinking like what what are these? What are these Habits Like?

How does this Oh, yeah, like all that sounds cool, but I barely have time for myself. How do I know this will work How will I know? I will enjoy things I've never done before right like that's that was the angle that I was taking like. You're probably wondering like I don't like I don't see how this year. Wait a minute.

Now, that's five. Okay. Yeah, right right and then you talk you mentioned Habs law, which is cool. That's fine. Then you go into get rid of the thing that caused you drinking in the first place.

gets rid of stress as permanent it overcomes craving. overcomes boredom right and you can actually have fun without the use of alcohol, right? And it works even if you don't think it'll work even if you think you're not able to do it if you like confidence. Yeah, right. So there's like the main things right?

So this is all I just the fruit whenever I do an edit. The first thing I do is the past to make sure that it's flowing. And that's what I'm doing here. Just making sure all of this makes sense. So you talk about this stuff.

You talk about step one you talk about The Five Habits. Then you go into other chunks other things that you know people Are concerned about when it comes to drinking? So look. So just boredom. Social anxiety like I think the stress and the boredom part we can we can answer.

In chunk number one. What is the hard reset method how the five habits work? We can work that into into that. We also have what else what else we have? The permanent one we can.

hang on let me Well, that's if you want to do that. If you're gonna work it in work it in in the form of like a benefit. So and here's what I'm getting getting to right up here when you're talking about these five different habits. You're a little bit sparse in some of those. like here the first one about reading I'm sure you don't need you.

Don't just need food for your body need it for your mind, too. That's why reading is the next Habit in this method not only do new and exciting topics take your mind of drinking but also reading a few pages each day create a new so you know over here is Over here where it says that's why reading is the next Habit in this method and then at the bar and then the next line can say, you know, how you're just sitting alone. You're you're sitting at home and all your brain can think of is drinking and you're constantly consumed by the thoughts that's where reading will will help you break up that thinking and feeling Loop by adding more information to your brain or something along those lines, but are you saying because that that would be that's my understanding of like a dimensionalized thing. Right? Like when you're when you're sort of zeroing in on a specific problem.

So are you saying that we should expand on this more or no? No what I was what I was trying to say. Was that down here where you're talking about boredom. What you can do is you can come up here to have it three. the reading one and you can talk about a great benefit of habit 3 in the form of demolishing boredom and being able to fall asleep and adding new information to your brain.

So these are three things right so reading you can incorporate as a nighttime routine because it helps you fall asleep easily. That's one another is that reading get gives you an opportunity to just be with your thoughts and just engage in something calming and soothing and not be like go go go all the time. That's another that's another reason why like it's it's included as a habit three the most obvious one is that it gets gives you new information and when you're reading about it new exciting topic, it sucks all of your focus into what you're reading and away from constantly thinking about having a drink meeting a drink that you're such an alcoholic or whatever what have you because those thoughts are always circling in our minds, especially if you're living a life with a lot of like stress of like Financial stress or like, you know, not like, Saying saying mean things to your friends and regretting it or people saying hey, you drink too much. You've got a problem or the latest thing you did over the weekend. That's consuming your thoughts, right?

So that is the purpose of Incorporating the habit of reading. Does that make sense? Like it has multiple benefits and not just one. Like it it helps with okay in that case. I would include those benefits in here.

But it's also overcomes boredom or does it not it does? Okay. So down here instead of what I'm saying is I'm agreeing with you. instead of going on and on about giving boredom its own chunk right just come up here and in this when you talk about reading for example put a really a really nice juicy dimensionalized benefit about not being bored. And then, you know need that chunk later on.

right Yeah stress does that make sense? Yeah, you know like even the one about like you have this one about walking. You could throw in some stuff about stress as well. You can throw in that's exactly it stress. Walking also helps with sleep working out helps with sleep working out helps with stress.

So you see like the five-dimensional thing that I was talking about. It really is like these five habits created environment of five dimensional healing that addressed your sleep your diet. Your exercise is your mindset and your stress and your anxiety and all of these things. Right? So what I wrote down is Consolidated chunks of stress boredom Cravings urges and sleep Into The Five Habits like when talking about The Five Habits answer all of those questions there and that is one way to shorten it and remove a couple of the chunks that I can just think of at the bottom great.

I am more than happy to do that now, I'll tell you the reason why Because yesterday I had this Grand idea of just changing the thesis changing everything and because I keep messing around with like well, you know, what are some other because when I'm zoomed in on what we have then it's sometimes I zoom out and be like wait a second like we could have a completely different argument. We could have multiple different ways of saying the same thing. Right? So one of the things was taking the angle of incorporating like making this smaller but incorporating AUD alcohol use disorder and starting the argument with Do you think you have a problem or not? Right and this is how you know, you have a problem for good.

So what I did was on Saturday for sober October, we had 74 people register like join my group fill out a form right? So I had close to 150 people comment on my post and in some group from that idea and everybody here join my group join my group. over a hundred people join my group from those hundred people 75 clicked on a form a Google form and filled out a questionnaire of nine questions and everybody filled out everything even though it wasn't mandatory ha what does that tell you anyway, so they filled it all out. And then from those people I scheduled a zoom meeting and 25 people showed up and stayed the whole time for the full one hour. And that was and then there's a lot of people that are in different time zones that are like there's a lot of activity a lot of everything.

So how I started this whole argument was the same thing. We did in Saturday but in a Consolidated way, so sorry the same thing I sent you the AUD one, but the way the way it started was Before we get into this let's settle one thing for good do you or do you not have a problem? Because I know that one of the biggest reasons why you continue like you you stay in a place of one of the biggest reasons why nothing changes is because we're still stuck in the place of well. Do I have a problem? Am I an alcoholic?

Do I need help or do I not need help? Can I do this on my own? Like do I have a problem? So that's just address that and I went through the full 10 the 10 symptoms the player if you have to you have a UD so we can start it with we can start us vsl argument that says look if you have any two of these 10, you have a UD now you decide how severe it is. I'll tell you I had all 10 and this method that you are about to learn will Will cure AUD in your life alcohol use disorder for anyone who's interested in in creating a life without alcohol.

Right? Like this is one of the angles that we can take where look here's the science or not the science but here's the what the medical world is saying about What you got, right? So this were it's just a campaign you're thinking for people who already know what Audi is? No, so I'm trying to educate people and tell them that they have AED when they think they don't have a problem, right? So that was that was one thing but look.

That is a battle for another day. I feel like with the work that we have done already with the message with the way. We are tweaking the message with the change of our lead and and the offer. I want to try this and get it running and seeing how many we can sell because I've already built the infrastructure for this offer with our free sober October challenge. So what's happening in a nutshell is that there's a 75 people registered for this where they're getting the first month of the 111 offer free of cost.

Okay, and they don't know this yet, but that's what I'm doing by building the infrastructure. Thank you darling. That is very very nice. room service nice right, so so I'm just trying to Do this so that I get used to my 111 offer but also having a bit of an infrastructure and already some people in the mix for when people buy our one one off or cold and come into the mix and see that there's already people like the first 10 people should see that there's other people here as well. So I wanted to just have the infrastructure ready.

So that's why I'm doing this first October is a very good time to do this. Like I imagine I'll get at least 10 15 members out of this right and and like sell some deals and all that. So it also gives me a chance to practice what we're doing in terms of the words in terms of the pain points in terms of all the issues and why people are coming to us and what kind of people are coming to us. Why what they think they what kind of problem they have. So I feel like were you like honestly, were you able to look through just the very first question which is what is the number one?

Like what is keeping you in it, right? So if you just read that for each of the responses that will tell you that Our offer will solve all of their problems. Yeah. Yeah, it's problem that they that they are coming to us with Now My Hope was that you and I can both spend some time sort of looking at all of that data and weaving that into our copy taking the biggest points where people are being being like what people are suffering from the most and using that in our argument. That was the goal with me sending that to you and I oh I see.

Okay, right so well, yeah, so yeah, so in when you write it One way you can do that. Is when you write a dimensionalized benefit. Just make sure you show a contrast. You know. so the next time you a instead of B which you get from that form from that spreadsheet the b is all the stuff the pain and the hardship it, you know instead of B, you see which is what they really desire what you don't have.

I mean, there's more there's more pain in in that spreadsheet than there is what how would you love your life to be like, you know kind of thing. but that's not really hard but But yeah, I mean that's that's one way you can you can take stuff from that spreadsheet right now and when you weave it into the benefits that you that you add to like. Like what like those five different habits when you talk about the five different habits, you tended to be kind of really quick really short. And have like a couple of little functional benefits in there. That we're not, you know, really dimensionalized as Todd calls them.

You know, yeah, I am hang on. So here is that let me share my screen with you. Okay? So you see the screen? I can see it.

Right. So these are all of our responses right? So how does alcohol featuring that I've read now? What's the biggest challenge? Seem to bring before I perform daily drinking and I try to start normally manage a week or so before giving up.

It's such a habit. It's such an emotional crutch and I'm surrounded by and while I'm reading this I just want you to think of all the five habits and how they how they can come to the aid of this one person. Right? Sure. It's such a habitant in emotional crutch.

I see it seems to be all or nothing at the moment. I'm three days alcohol free stress and grief or my biggest triggers stress and grief. Okay meditation comes to mind right away evening routine habit. I am sober and I want to stay that way. Okay, great stress and money issues stress and boredom anytime.

I'm bored stressed happy whatever right now is chilling about holidays are coming. I'm only four days over right now. It's been so routine to drink when angry sad happy anxious, right? So emotional escaping. Your feelings is what we're doing what this person is doing.

Yeah and probably companionship and evening. I quit before a few months and then social calendar about busy. So social anxiety going out and meeting people in this person to drink I just cave about once a month ago finding it hard to imagine stopping forever. So, okay. So this person is now in the mindset of all or nothing and staying deeply rooted in exactly where they are peer pressure.

It's it's the thing that I do too much of but I can't seem to cut down on stopping his heart because it I use it to feel better. So in managing using it as an emotional crutch to manage their emotions, right self-medicating so life stresses grief Guild drink beer almost daily with the occasional straws helping wind down after work with the stress wine every night after 5pm. This is not habitual again. They were in a debate about drinking it causes it causes stress have stopped for past six days was becoming a problem as we're starting to drink a bottle every night anxiety causes me to drink keeping keep trying to stay alcohol free for a while stressing situations are the worst and fear of missing out. I mean, these are just 23 and there's if you scroll down you'll see no man.

I went through it. Right, so it's all stress related. So what I'm thinking is that we can expand the first cpb chunk but answer like the last three or four CPP chunks worth of stuff. In terms of their concerns in terms of how this will improve things and again get them to visualize that by doing this instead of one of the things instead of being stressed out about life or instead of you know, coming home and like reaching for your drink because you've always done that you'll be doing XYZ you'll be able to XYZ. So that's I feel like we need to do more of that plus with the one one offer.

I just don't see how this does not convert like how like it's a and like do you think that we should like even say that listen? This is an offer that there's only available for the first 50 people and the reason for that is because here like this is I could there's different angles that I can take that look covid has, you know, there's a the world is changing. There's a lot of inflation or we could say that you know, there's covid caused a lot more problems in our daily lives. Everybody seems to be struggling and there's this big need for Collective healing and affordable healing that's why you're getting the benefit of private coaching or semi-private coaching for the price of just a course, you know, normally you would pay five times this and most people if you were if you were to go elsewhere anywhere you would you would end up paying four times as much you end up paying at least a thousand dollars a month for for being able to join a meeting and so on right like sort of anchored the price there's to give them some type of contrast that This is a no-brainer offer. And this will not last long because it's just not sustainable.

It's not like yeah. Yeah, that's fine, man. Those things are perfect justifications for For why you're doing it while you've lowered the price as far as justifications for why only available the first 50 people? Well, that's just simply because it's you. I've got families fifty sauce.

That's it. Like I can't handle more than 50. Yeah. Yeah. You're just one guy.

Right. I I got to be fair to everybody. I If I'm gonna help 50 people, that's my Max. That's my limit. That's my capacity.

Yeah, but really my Max Capacity is 200. as one person if it was just me. I can sell 200 of these knowing that at least 50% of them are not going to show up to every meeting. And have multiple meetings across the board where they can only Join one but have five six seven different time slots throughout the day, but that's when I quit my job. Some 50.

Yeah, but I mean as far as as far as justifying your scarcity of 50 things 50 sales. The fact that it's just you that's doing this that plenty that's all you need. That you don't need any more justification. Other than that. You know.

Last question. Sorry, I am eating also. Okay. So we met with our financier yesterday Sunday night dinner. How's it going there with the hard reset was the question.

Anyway, well, we're redoing it. He's like what? like yeah, well, it's not redo. You're still your optimizing. You know, he should I'm sure he appreciates.

Like data telling you what to do. Yeah, right, you know, we always start that's what I always say. It's always objective until we see numbers then the decisions we make are objective what the numbers tell us and this is what I told them what the numbers tell us is this People want aggressively want what we have. They just don't want to pay that price for it. And we could do a better job of showing them our message, right?

With that's that's my take because based on the leads based on the cost per lead cost per opt-in cost of all the metrics when it comes to the marketing. Are shooting upwards where it says, it's clear that okay like at these people are interested in what we have right, but when it comes to is that is that what it's telling us that when when the media buying numbers are great. Is that is that validating that people want what we have we just have to package it in a better way like the offer and the and the campaign or is there more to it? When when the opt-in numbers and the media buying numbers are good that tells me that okay, we have identified what they desire. We have identified what their pain is.

We have identified what they want. That's all those numbers tell you. It doesn't say anything about your offer, right? You know, you could teach the hard reset method and then the offer could be a book. Right.

It doesn't that's my point is what I was trying to tell them. Is that there's a real market for this? And people are looking for healing. That's why we have. The kind of click-through rates and the interest in our marketing that we do because people are clicking because they're interested in solving this problem.

It's just oh, yeah, plus you have a lot of competitors, too. And they are these competitor does it for free? All right, but it's still it's still it means that people are interested you you can I mean if that's the question whether or not people are interested in what you're providing. That's a no-brainer. That's an easy question to answer because just looking at your competitors will tell you that right?

right, so and I like what you said about standing up from the competitors because standing apart from the competitors because we don't have anyone that is doing this kind of like personal support like there's content. Then there's content plus support content plus support. It's always the upsell. We're offering that in our core offer. right and the way we can the way we intend on doing it is By duplicating more people who can handle these meetings and we already have people like that so we can continue to grow and grow and grow but I want to sell this offer get a lot of social proof get a lot of energy going get a lot of people participating and then sell the same offer for two to two.

I think we can do it we can we can sell the same offer for two to two maybe not right now because I feel like people also like to know who this person is and they probably check me out and they see my Instagram or they see my Facebook only 500 followers 150 followers on Instagram, you know, those things do you think they play into their minds or is it just about that offer that message right there and then that is in front of them. Are you are you asked the question again? Sorry, I'm thinking that. One of the factors impacting us negatively when it comes to pressing the button is probably people say, okay. What is this hard reset the Google me and the C.

That the Facebook page only has 500 followers Instagram only has 150 followers. You think that that doesn't matter at all and it's all about the message. That's right there in front of them. No. Yeah.

See, that's why um Yeah, the reality is. if if by the time you make their offer if they see the offer. Like, you know, a lot of people aren't getting to your offer. You know. A lot of people that enter your funnel never make it to the offer and that's what we're trying to.

Trying to get them to do if all if everyone. Saw your your complete message and saw your offer. Then you would have completely different numbers, obviously. but I don't I don't think that you can make the determination that that people that What am I trying to say that people don't want what what you're offering that people don't? Don't want to pay that price or whatever.

You know. Okay. I thought that that was the case anyway, so we had a total of oh wow. 111 unique viewers total here So from the very beginning that we started launching. Traffic you can see that there is a fairly steady decline on our lead which ends right here at about three minutes, right?

This is still all the lead by every every joke every small afterwards. This is still part of the the previous lead. There's a This is steeper. Than this this is way more streamlined. Here's a bit of a cliff over here.

And there's just slowly slowly slowly slowly going towards. Yeah. Where does the where does the marketing argument end? marketing argument and here No. First thing you get yeah.

So this is the offer offer is right here. So what is the yeah, so this is where the marketing argument ends. Okay, so that means 21% or 50 people 50 views 53 views Oh, that's that's out of 20. Okay, but how many unique views so you've had 20 people? 20 people have made it there unique viewers have made it to right where you have your cursor.

At the 28 minute Mark, right 20 people are 20ish people. 21% of 11 whatever that is. So about 15% of people finished the video, right? So first 23 people. Have been introduced to your offer.

right, how do you know if you What's that? It says 53 views. Yeah, but out of 247 views. So out of 111 people who have 111 unique viewers. They say 20 what 23 people 23?

But yeah. and say oh How do we do this? Like how do I change what it says here? to Unique viewers so past one years. I just want to capture everybody.

Okay? so on the video breakdown by what I don't know that you can. But you've got unique viewers 111 and you know 21% here you got a 21% 21% of the people watching this make it to your offer. right 20 minutes 53 views 21% watched 20. Yeah 21% Of yeah.

okay, I see what you so Oh times 0.21. times There you go. Okay finishes. So how what what number should this be? Like, what is our next Benchmark?

Whatever we measuring against once I incorporate the changes record the vsl. Put it out there again. What do you think should be? The Benchmark of success obviously conversions is one but The comedy finishes how many all of that should we be? Should we be doing?

Well, first of all, we're doing what you the step back for a second and look at what this graph is telling us. I've got a hundred eleven people have seen your sales page right And none of them bought anything. Right, so you've got zero sales conversions. Now when you have zero sales conversions, you got it. You got to stop and change things which is what we're doing.

One thing we're doing is we're doing several things. Number one. You've Rewritten the lead and number two. You're going to read it as if you're being conversational a little more you're gonna put the real amsa in it instead of the AM radio broadcaster homes right with my face in there and that in the corner over here face the corner whatever it's gonna be a lot more personal. It's gonna come across as you you're also shortening up the marketing argument.

Which okay, I'll go along with um because you want to get more people to the to the offer which is something that John recommended so all of that stuff we're redoing. right, so that based on what these numbers are telling us. Does that make sense, right? Yeah, you just we looked at these numbers. We said okay, we get it.

This message is not working at all. We need to fix it. So we're doing several things to fix it. Um, yeah, right. we know we looked at the you know, we look at that graph and it's got a steady downward slope, which is Which is um, I've seen worse.

But by the time they get to the end of that slope, there's it's like 60% Like at the end of the lead, what is that? Like if you yeah right there. minus here. Yeah, so we can bump that up to 75% or so. That'd be great.

But you know they still listen I've shown you. I've shown you what a bad really bad curve looks like haven't I? I don't think so. Let me show you a bad curve. just for just for your reference.

Okay, see this curve. Yeah. This is a hundred percent. You see where my little pressure thing is. All right it immediately.

starts screaming down You know, and by the time the lead is over it's kind of like yours, but let's see yours. It's like a steady down. Instead of like a prompt down like in the first I don't know three or four seconds. He's lost 25% of the people. You see that?

Yeah. Your curve does not do that. Your curve is much better than that. However, you do lose by the time people finish your lead. You're probably.

Not probably about the same spot that Todd's was. You know assuming here here's a fun little thing that we can do and I'll let you go. So. the lead generation campaign we started when view charts When does it say we started? the the generation campaign September 15th is when we started.

so September 15th, was it Thursday September 15th was the Saturday I can't remember. Do you do you remember when we did that because I think it was like basically the weekend that I had got back and we had changed we had set up the leads. So the 13th Would have been it. So, let's see. Share my screen.

so or I can check over here and I'm pretty sure it'll be the 15th as well. But when we were slow and then we started getting a boatload of people. so September 15th one one two three seven fourteenth was one September 13th was Yeah, okay. So was basically the 15th and then onwards so let's look at mmm So these are our 64 unique viewers that we gained since we did the lead capture ads, right? Okay.

We got 10 finishes from those. And here's also now you see. yeah this 80 viewers 47 59% watched till here So you're seeing this number we can improve on? Okay? Yeah, yeah.

Which we're doing. Which we're doing you you're redoing the lead you're reading it the different way. You're being more conversational. You're shortening up the marketing argument, um, which Maybe that's good. Maybe that's bad.

We'll find we don't know if it's gonna be actually shorter because where we take some things out where else are adding new words, right? Like it's not like I think it's gonna be around good one thing. I I think we can try. is that I recently saw a vsl where the guy had sped up his voice a little bit. So the playback was at 125 instead of one on the dot and you could you can try that someone like me.

I have a normal normally I speak very slowly. So I could get away with like bumping it up to 120% 110% maybe and not sound completely horrible. but don't worry about don't worry about speeding up your voice that that usually is not. I mean, I've never seen that increased conversions, okay? It sounds good.

It's and if it sound it gets the point where it sounds unnatural and people can't keep up with you with the different thoughts that are coming at them. Then yeah now that you lose points for clarity. So in the in the chunks, are you gonna attempt adding some stuff in there about stress boredom Cravings urges Etc, or should I attempt it and send it to you? No, you you do it man you I'm just when I write things Um, it's never it's never what you like, you know, and I okay. So so here's the thing.

Last time that happened and I'm being completely honest. I'm still getting in the groove of working plus dealing with this in the middle of the workday. Right and that particular day was last Monday. I remember or Tuesday. I was so slammed that I didn't even like understand it properly and then later that evening Jackie and I went out and sat down somewhere and then I actually read it out loud.

So before I was reading it in my head only then I read it out loud and she's like dude. That's great. Did you write that and I'm like no, but holy s***. That's Michael and that is really good. Let me read it again.

And then I read yours then I read mine and I'm like, oh, I don't want to buy this. I want to buy this here, right? And and and then that's when I wrote I'm like, holy s*** dude, like I see the wisdom and what you're doing now, look you'll come across my energy, I guess when it's like it's not that I don't like what you wrote. I realize that anytime somebody writes about my business. That's not me.

It feels alien to me because it's not good. There's there's a reason see that's what I want to respect because you know your prospects, you know your market so much better than I do. Like I write things like they say things I've never had a problem drinking. I don't drink, you know, and I just hear things I watch movies, you know, that's that's my only I mean, my mom was alcoholic. still is but you know, I don't.

I've never experienced those things, right so I'm just making it up. Yeah, but also know what sells and marketing right like how to sell something versus how to get somebody. I'm just trying to sound. Logical I'm just going for clarity. I'm yes, so I want I want I want what you produce like, it's not that I don't like I do want it.

It's just that time in that meeting when I was like, oh this doesn't make sense. I felt like that was kind of like, you know, like okay, he didn't like it but later that day when I read it out loud. I'm like oh s***. I see what he's doing. And then you saw I went straight home and I was like, hang on a second.

I gotta get this out of my head and I sort of combined the two versions of the coffee. Yeah, and I sent it to you and you and you said you liked it so Keep going man. Like I I okay. Well, here's here's the thing. I'm happy to do that.

I'm happy to add some stuff. But this week is like right now Todd's top one Mastermind is going on down in Florida. Plus everybody in Florida was like their house was demolished and a lot of them are you know what? I mean? It's like I don't know if you have been paying attention to that freaking hurricane that came last into Florida, but like Rob anyway, I'm covering for for For Paul and other people I'm doing a lot of stuff this week.

So I might not get to okay coffee by that. So by then I I'll get to it. I'll get to it because I I want to I don't want to rest too much and I just want to get this going so I want to get this Live recorded funnel running ads running again by the end of this week. Is that a reasonable reasonable time frame? Yeah.

Yeah, I think so. So let me work on this a little bit tonight. I don't know if I'll get to it tonight because Jackie still sick and like I got to look out for the kids and stuff. But at some point during the day like all I'll at least like I know how to add the stuff into the habits. I'll do that and I'll take out simultaneously what I think should be taken out and I'll put it in a different color.

I'll send it to you. You take a look give me your pointers and we'll go from there. Okay? One more question before you go. Do you understand what I was doing here?

You were breaking it up. Yeah, I the first when I do an edit, yeah, the first thing I do is I look for logic and flow. Does it make sense the way he's presenting things things? In the order and all of that that is the first thing I did. You know and I pay so for example, I can easily come down to this chunk right here.

And I can say okay now pass number two of my edit. To each of these things have a good benefit a good dimensionalized benefit where I really like here this is this is all about the daily meal and how the daily meal does something for you. Do I really get that? Is it really clear to me? What the big that by the time I read that chunk of my like, oh, well s***, I got to start eating good.

I gotta have I got to start doing this daily meal thing because I'll get this great benefit. I want to make sure that happens each time. That's my second thing. Then I go through and I looked for, you know, awkward words awkward confusing things. Then I try to make as much of it with the word you as I can.

You know, that's another pass I make I make several passes when I when I do this. So this is the first pass and it's kind of the most important because I want to make sure that this flow makes sense. So I'm going to send you this document just so you can see well you already know I don't need to send you this because I didn't change anything right? I just looked at. Where I thought things were is this the same document that we were working off over?

It's the same document. I did a cut and paste and I didn't want to I was gonna so I won't have the link to this document. Right? So you wouldn't need to send me the link to this so that I could if you want it's just gonna clutter up your thing because it's the exact same thing as what you have here. You can just say Michaels at it.

and then Okay. All right, then I'll do that. But anyway, so okay, so is is the flow good or yeah. No. Yeah, I'm fine with the flow.

That's what I was trying to get to. Okay, so you're okay with the flow now, we want to just Beef It Up with like give it some steroids so that it can Flex its benefit muscles. And and as you said if you want to get rid of One of these chunks at the end like boredom boredom boredom. And stress and Cravings. I know there's one for cravings and if you wanted to have if you wanted to add big benefits during one of these four habits or five habits, you know, like if you wanted to put big juicy dimensionalized benefits in there it almost replaces some of those other chunks, right?

Exactly. So that's what I want to do. I want I want the front of it to be stacked with all the benefits because now they've just read our our new lead that gets them very curious about the lifestyle and like okay stuff. Okay, so I'll write something I'll send it to you and then we'll go from there. Okay, brother.

Alright, man. Thank you so much. Have a great day. I hope everyone's okay and safe in Florida. I have been following that and I'm glad that you are not in Florida so that you and I can have to be through.

Yeah. Okay, cool, man. Sounds good. I will talk to you I'll have something sent out to you today so that we can discuss it tomorrow. Okay.

Talk to you soon. Thank you. Bye.
