---
title: "Level 10 2022-12-12 16:59:55"
date: 2022-12-12
duration: 1h 55m
duration_seconds: 6942
vimeo_id: 780488026
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2022-12-12 16:59:55

**Date:** 2022-12-12 | **Duration:** 1h 55m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

During the child I should. talk gang howdy howdy. How are you? How's everybody doing over there? Good.

What's up, Teddy? What's happening? Dude? How was the cruise? It was good.

It was good. I'm excited for you. Yeah. Yeah. Well the pow wow after you some Insider advice.

And any any what was your highlights? I think the best day was the port was Cozumel took the ferry over to Playa del Carmen and then went uh, like an hour away to Tulum. Saw the ruins and then also went to these see notes. Which are basically like little fresh water pools. Created from when the asteroids hit Mexico billions of years ago, but but you can you know, basically goes like swimming and games and stuff like that.

So that was pretty cool. That's awesome. That's right. I would say normally I I used to have some interest in seeing my rooms until I saw Apocalypto did anybody see Apocalypto? Yeah, so you saw it today?

I don't remember if I saw her not you would remember wildly and not a spoken word of English. I think in the whole movie and basically shows sort of some of the brutality of the of the Mayan culture and human sacrifices and just in this one scene. They're basically Sacrificing these guys and Decap don't listen Glenda decapitating their heads and watching their severed heads like Bounce Down the right the mind right though. You're always like a Constantine thing and all every time I see it now all I see is he severed heads bouncing down these concrete steps as the people are just like cheering and screaming and so yeah, so yeah. Okay.

So the Mayan ruins are kind of out for me. What's up TV? What's up guys? I'm gonna be off camera for a few minutes while I finish eating and then I'll jump back on but I'm here listening excited to be with you guys. Yeah everybody.

This is Todd Todd's part company really really excited to have him here. He goes by the nickname Todd. If you want to call kind of a short nickname we call dad sometimes for short and so excited to have you here. Awesome, really looking forward to the meeting now. So while Todd 's all cameras are perfect chance for me to kind of get everything started.

Let me tell you what the objective is for today. We're going to I wasn't really sure what's even called this meeting. Um, you know, so it's like annual leader that the whole purpose is. This isn't a planning session per se because we have a plan the plants working and it's working really well. We're seeing consistent sales companies running smoother than it has where just running better.

We're running better between more offers in front of people. And so this is really the goal of this is to debrief you guys just kind of on the upcoming calendar a couple of the key strategic things. We we do Todd and I do want to see us go after ah, In 20203 and then also kind of cover a couple key things in terms of you know both from you teddy and Chris like how we execute on some of the key, you know, how we executed a higher level on on our our bullet which is our core strategy that we're going to be going with in 2023. And so remember the whole the whole thing the whole beauty of what we've done right? I mean, it's a direct response principle 101 right make more offers keep more often people the chance to buy every day and Over the years we've just we've we've been inconsistent with that.

Um, we get really intense with it and we stop you know, then we tried doing the cycler and this is finally been the place where it's not only it's brought the perfect balance between automation. But also manual execution to make sure that it actually gets results because we built out a cyber, you know, it's kind of my dream Edition many many moons are going it was like let's just throw people on a cycler this would be amazing and then we throw them in but they just didn't convert right now with this last E5 bullet that's hot as firing. Now. I think we're up to I want to say either eight or nine bullets fired and every single bull that has been aware. Every bullet has generated somewhere between 10 and 20,000 dollars of top line revenue, which may not seem like much but when you're running the company at the right size and you're doing consistently it it just builds into those winning months and then you put on a couple launches you throw in, you know top one which continues to do well and all the sudden we have a you know business is doing well as it should be in the sales or where they need to be.

So it makes sense. So what I want to do is just I'm gonna kind of walk you through an overview of the work that Todd and I did. Um, and so this is the December calendar, by the way, this is in motion. We're going to run Epp this week Epp always run second week of December always does well. And so that'll be going out this week.

We are going to put some more focus on the bump and upsell with it as the offer typical converts well, but the bumping up sell contributes like not of we just drop ball lost money on the table, we're gonna and we three we're gonna support Rich You Know Rich obviously friend of Todd's friend of ours and also did some great work and launch for us. And so that's Damien. I actually botched that rich is this week? So I have to figure out the best way to my thought is I know we normally do Epp during week two, but my thought is to reverse it because I botched it and I scheduled Rich for this Thursday. Okay.

All right. So yeah, we'll switch a room on that. And then last week of the the month we'll do Apprentice. So we haven't seen The Apprentice Prentice is all wired up. It's a bullet on before I go down to some of this stuff.

I just want to really talk through actually, I'll just talk through it in order. So AA one of the things we're going to be doing, you know, that's kind of one, you know, obviously we're stopping E5 Plus. It was it was a good idea but Market just didn't respond the fact that matters. We've built this very elaborate program that cater to people at all these different levels, but the you know, 90% of people still don't have a front-end campaign networks. That's what people need help on and what's interesting is we're even seeing that in top one.

You know, Todd's been like man if we can just have these guys all have good front and campaigns. I could be a game change or form and so that's where the focus needs to be. And so if I plus we're kind of finishing some enrollment. So as of January one Chris, we officially unplugging if I plus a few people in there the calls and all that stuff will go away. And obviously we'll still support our top one clients through our corporate teen if they calls and things like that.

So it raises the question of what do we do with AA, you know like Todd and I've talked about like we say right we're not in the distance. So why and so why has sales not work? Why do other people it doesn't matter all that matters is it doesn't work for us. We've tried many in durations and many things and it hasn't it. So we're gonna rock continue to run a really want to find a way to sell AAA without Without sales right to sell it with marketing and so we're going to be running some tests this first quarter basically doing the live virtual walk Workshop.

So the idea that you know immersion equals conversion having them buy into a virtual workshop with Todd and then seeing after the workshop saying hey, you just learned one part of this messaging unique messaging customer acquisition process. You can actually have somebody work alongside you we're not committed total around the pricing but we'll probably look to price coaching at I five grand. We also I also spoke with Chris who spoke with Michael about getting the Fulfillment hours down from about 25 plus the closer to 15 to 18. And so that'll reduce both the Fulfillment workload as well as some of the expense and so that's one strategic thing will be going after in the new year and seeing how that works. Um, as far as leap customer lead generation, obviously as you know, Are you know bullets work?

Because we have a list as you message a list. Let's get old lists have to be replenished. And so we're gonna stay on the course right now of you know, we're running triggers. Thankfully we have a new iteration of triggers that is generating leads. I know we haven't seen those leads convert and so we might have to come with a different message a different magnet, but we'll just keep running leads right now and Lead nonetheless and we'll certainly come out with some new some new magnets that we test in the new year and really just see we'll just you know, hey, let's come up with a new magnet.

Let's put you know, 1000 leads into it and then in 60 days, they'll be exposed to seven eight nine bullets. Let's see how they did and we'll see what we identify and so it'll be a real simple real real simple play. We know that we're able to find a good process for getting leads. You know CPAs for buyers get wildly absurd at times, but we're still able to get leads under 10 sometimes under six bucks and we know we can make that work. What we're going to do in the New Year this year.

We saw this, you know, the year sales year that we're competing against, you know, had a great year because we finished with Agora copy School this year. We had to swipe file. That was a great win for us. And so Todd and I both thought like wow, like why wouldn't we do just two promos a year? And so we are going to do two promos a year.

One of them is going to be a a promo in the spring which will be Todd teaching. Basically Todd's going to do a live full day workshop that will then sell the recordings for as part of a larger launch in May. It'll be around psychology endorphins and biohacking and all that stuff and how it relates to copy and emotion and persuasion and then in October we're gonna do some sort of a copy master. I kind of like the way we did masters of media, but we're gonna do sort of a copy Master's Mastermind where we get two days we get in you know, the John Benson's the you know, whoever the Justin goffs and all that. We record it behind closed doors.

Maybe we let our top one attend folks come and attend and so on and so forth. Makes sense so far. And so then are you guys are you guys sure because Damian breezed over a handful of things. I just want to make sure that you're following what he's saying. Is it does that make sense?

And high level. Yeah. Yeah too big too big pushes aside from the the small bullets. Yeah. So two two big pushes just to be crystal clear.

So the the first idea was that we wanted to see first and foremost if we can host a live event. So like can we put people in a room for a live event? We're unsure of what the price point would be. Um, but we wanted to see if we could put people into a live event. I I said to Damien that I really feel like, you know, there's kind of something special not only to being at the live event, but there's something special about a product a program a training that is created during a live experience right and being able to when we sell the recordings of that live event to be able to use testimonials of people or from people that were at the live event.

Be roll footage. Pictures all of that kind of all that kind of stuff. So the idea is early in the year. I think we said Damian q1 The aim was to see if we could host a live event, you know small intimate. I you know somewhere south of 25 people is the thoughts, um in there again, not sure the price point the aim not being that thing itself being a huge Money Maker but the aim being that that thing produces a great product that we can then use and a great bunch of testimonials case studies endorsements raving raving reviews from people there then for one of the big promos were the the first big promo is going to be um, after that some point after that couple months after that whatever it is is gonna be the recording of that live training and the live training is gonna be on you probably don't remember Teddy, but I sent you a topic a while ago.

Uh, and you really liked it. It was basically on persuasion. It's like persuasion devices that leverage, um, that leverage bio comic biochemicals to make not responding extremely difficult for prospects. And so kind of some Advanced kind of Neuroscience type of persuasion copy conversion stuff. The second idea was like Damian said was to the thought was and if somebody If Teddy if you don't like the idea, I love to kind of hear your perspective on this but was really to take as many of the best copywriters the most popular copywriters on the planet many of the folks that participated in the decade plus swipe file promotion and to put them in a room together at no charge right kind of what like exactly like Damian said what we did with the the best media buyers and really just have a mastermind experience together.

We'll we'll feed them. We'll do it in a cool location and just talk about you know, research talk about leads the opening of campaigns talk about what you're doing in terms of pattern interrupts and right. It'll be a great experience for everybody in the room. and then and then see who in the room is interested in promoting the recordings of that later on in the in the year. So, of course, that's also another kind of Two-part promotion meaning we have to have the live Mastermind first with everybody.

First of all, we have to invite people we have to coordinate that live thing which is you know, we're gonna we're gonna coordinate big time with Glenda, um, and then and recording it and all that and then the promotion for the recordings so No, they both sound they both sound like great options and I can I can see why why we're torn between them. Well, no. No, we're the aim is to do both of those. So one is the the first one is the beginning of the year. So it's it's kind of like live event q1, um Q2 promotion for the recordings from that live event and then like live event or live Mastermind Q3 and then the promo for that live Mastermind Q4.

So that's kind of the the thought process and the only thing I would say that would be you know to try to try to leverage everything that we're doing obviously as much as possible. Right? So we we have the Mansion like let's use the Mansion. Let's get top players in in that room the day before a Top one event and potentially sell them in the top one like, you know, like Leverage all those things into one so that we're not having to run multiple. events and multiple trips and multiple costs like and that's it.

That's a good idea. I mean Damien we could probably you know one when we start planning because other than other than the idea and my beginning list of who I think should be in the room who I would want to invite to get at least a dozen great copyrighters in the room. That's it. So all the planning kind of the logistics and all the little strategic elements. Um, we're gonna have to we're gonna have to discuss and discuss fairly early in the year, obviously in order to make this happen.

The other thing that I just want to say very quickly to piggy back with Damien said just a really articulate this is I I really want to And then I'm going to turn it back to you Damian. I I really want to sum up. You know, I think Damien really nailed it and said it very well that you know this kind of this bullet system it it you know, thus far it seems to be working. It doesn't mean we're not gonna have bullets that are that don't do. Well we are gonna have bullets that don't do well but the idea if I could really sum up 2023 and I really did this already with Damian.

My thought process is more offers more often and more more offers more often really just in the form of these bullets. And so what a bullet just to make sure that everybody is on the same page is a campaign where it's three days of emails to our house file getting people to raise their hand and identify themselves as being interested in the topic of the campaign. Um, and they they raise their hand metaphorically by clicking a link in in one of those emails. Consume the the video sales letter. Let's say right which always typically always has some sort of Education in it not always but usually um, and then once somebody clicks on that campaign clicks on one of those links to go over to that vsl.

There's then a a conversion sequence or an offer sequence of emails and it all happens with automation inside of Click funnels. Everything is driven by deadline funnel. So I want to be clear about this just for for Glenda and for you Chris, so the the and this is an important little point. So all of these bullet campaigns are really just made up of some type of marketing asset like a video sales letter in order form or sometimes. The order form is below the video sales letter and then of course a bump offer and upsell the typical kind of marketing Assets in there, but the way that it gets launched is we set up this bullet campaign inside of infusion and there are these two email sequences.

That make up the bullet the bulleted campaign. There's the click sequence or the interest sequence which is the three days of emails to get people to raise their hand and identify themselves. And there's and then there's that second email sequence, which is the conversion sequence which only gets triggered when somebody clicks one of the links in the in the in the click sequence or in the interest sequence. Now one other element to be aware of is that all of these campaigns are are using a deadline but they're using a dynamic deadline a dynamic deadline is different from the typical fixed date deadline a fixed date deadline is let's say, um, you know is what's today the 12th is December 17th at you know at midnight and that's when the promotion expires right? That's a fixed date.

It expires on a fixed date at a at a fixed time. Well a dynamic deadline means that anytime somebody visits that the vsl in a bulleted campaign anytime somebody clicks on one of those click sequence emails the first part of that the first sequence in the bulleted campaign anytime. Each individual person then gets three days to respond. There's a three-day deadline. So the way to really think about it Dynamic deadline is it's a it's not a deadline for the campaign.

It's a deadline for each individual person. So if somebody today clicks on one of those, um, click sequence emails and goes over to the vsl for the the E5. Let's say For the First Time Boom. They're deadline begins. They have three days to to respond.

Um, and then they're gonna go through the conversion sequence part of the the bulleted campaign and that conversion sequence is timed to say you only have one day left. You only have 12 hours left. You only have six hours left and everybody goes through the same that same sequence. Everybody has the same three days, which means that some people could be expiring yesterday. Some people could be expiring today.

Some people could be Firing tomorrow and so on. That's how a bulleted campaign works. So I said to Damien my kind of motto is for 2023 is more offers more often. How are we going to do that the AIM? The goal is and I think Damien if we if we agreed on this, I'm not sure if this is the exact number, but I said to Damien 45 bulleted campaigns that doesn't mean that we're gonna have 45 different bulleted campaigns.

That means 45 weeks out of the Year allowing for buffers for me falling behind schedule me blowing something missing the deadline or something 45 weeks out of the year. We will have at least one bulleted campaign being triggered to some part of our house file. And so in other words 45 times a year, we're gonna be putting people in our house file into a bulleted campaign. I believe thus far like Damien said we've run what did we run Damien over the last eight weeks 10 weeks. Yeah, we're yeah, we've run almost a bullet a day.

I mean board a week. Sorry. Yeah, and so right. Well you have one Gap we had one Gap at the end of November after the lot awesome launched. And so that's the the aim, right the aim is right to keep it simple.

So when I say more offers more often, we see that like look when we put offers out in front of people we were able to help people we're able to make more money. Um, and so the idea is well if we make money when we launch one offer among why wouldn't we launch two offers a month? Why wouldn't we launch three offers a month? And so there's still some nuances to this, um that we're gonna kind of throughout the year, we're gonna start to address like for example, it's important to understand that when we launch a bullet what happens is the first the first sequence The Click sequence only runs for three days and often. I would say and Teddy would know more accurately than I would that 90% of people on our list don't click on one of those links, which means that by let's call it Thursday of the week.

Let's just assume that every bullet gets launched on Monday by Thursday of the week. That means that those people the 90% of our house file that were put into that bulleted campaign. They're done. Meaning they're they didn't click on any of the links. Therefore.

They're not gonna they're never gonna see the vsl during this window. Excuse me. They're not gonna get the conversion sequence. And so now they're going to sit and up to this point. We've just allowed them to sit Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday.

And then Monday if again just using Monday as the kind of the starting point, we would launch another bullet. So the thought is are we gonna put out a piece of content maybe or are we going to launch a different bullet? Um, you know, we'll we'll see that's gonna evolve for right now just super simple bullet 45 times a year, 45 weeks out of the out of the year. And of course many of the bullets will be repeated throughout the year, which we've already done. So like right many of the bullets can be launched three four times in a year if not more if not five or six times.

And so the aim is certainly Over time to identify the bullets that work. Well the bullets that don't there's no doubt that we're gonna launch a bullet at some point one or more bullets for sure that just don't do well for whatever reason and then we're gonna have to make a decision of do we dump it get rid of it and just use that offer as a bonus for something else um, or do we retool it or do we just obviously then replace it with a different bullet. And so does that make sense to everybody any of anybody have any questions about that General overview? Now that was great. Okay, so just comment.

Um or question I guess. So are we and I just want to Circle back to where we were, you know a year ago today when we said we're just gonna simplify the business and and and not put out new offers and focus on the Three core things that I'm not against the bullet campaign. I think the bullet campaign is smart idea question is are we going wide or deep? Like are we gonna are we gonna build them out fully or are we gonna go back to creating new offers from scratch putting a lot of pressure on you to come up with new stuff or just recycling what we got, but we're gonna build up. So that's a great question and you'll see from our q1 you'll see you'll get a rather than speaking theoreticals.

You'll get a good sense of the the balance that we're going for. I've just making sure that we're getting a little bit of fresh bullets in there. But we're all also leveraging the work that's done by everybody right from the Fulfillment to the wiring to the traffic side to talk. So, yeah, and so let me you know, there are two things that you mentioned there Teddy that I want to that. I just want to address the first one was the idea of you know, all we're only gonna focus on Three core programs and um, And I think Damian really nailed it.

When he he said, you know, we're in the what business not the why business like look we've tried to sell, you know, um, you know, we've tried to use a sales team and we just can't make it work. That's not to say that's in inside sales don't work. We know that it works. It's just that we haven't been able to make it work that could be because we're just not equipped. We don't you know, it's not my superpower gaming superpower any anybody super power on the on the team or whatever reason I and like Damian said, I don't know but I know that we we haven't been able to make that work and so while I would love look man, I'd love to be able to sell one program and sell it out the Wazoo, but we've we haven't been able to to make that work and so I have to face the reality that that we haven't been able to to make that perform and we have been able to make the bulleted campaign.

Perform, I could speculate why but it would be pure speculation as it relates to that said real quick. Like, you know, like I'm just looking at the sales breakdown by product and 70% of the revenue is from those. Three offers. Yeah top one decade plus E5 AA and E5 camp and Agora Financial make up. Out of the three mil, you know, whatever 2.5 mil almost 1.6 looks like yeah.

So um, so there's so a couple things so, of course, they're definitely gonna you know, like if you look at top one, right if you look at E5 a from a pure Top Line dollars perspective, they're they're absolutely gonna make up the bulk of the revenue out of share price point alone, right and so out of sheer price point alone, I would think that they would make up the bulk of of Revenue but I think is Damian is probably gonna um, explain a little bit I think We're really not like we're not we're gonna continue to not as we've done for the bulk of this year. We're not making pure Top Line the aim, we're really making the bottom line the aim and so, you know, meaning that like look, you know, we We made we brought in we scaled back top line revenue and we increased bottom line revenue or bottom line profit if you will, right and so, uh, so the aim is a little bit of a balance so I know that we're not going to like, I know we're not gonna have the same the same Revenue the same top line revenue. You know that we did before but we've been able to scale back our Top Line and increase our bottom line at the same at the same time which is which is not if you really think about it, which is kind of which is kind of crazy. That being said I want to just address and then I'll let Damien take it from the theoretical to the to the Practical or to the actual, you know to answer your question. No, we're not going wide in terms of let's throw up campaigns and go halfway with campaigns, you know, Damian's gonna talk a little bit about no, I want to take these campaigns that we've that I've set up the the that that we've set up the foundation for and I want to complete them.

I want to bring them to to their to their fullness right? I want to you know, we talked about, you know, we talked about SMS we talked about support with Direct Mail. Where do we do that? How do we do that? If it's not SMS do to legalities.

What is it? What what are the other pieces looking at the bomb looking at the upsell? And so no, it's not. Going wide in terms of let's just throw up a bunch of new campaigns enrolled it the other thing that's really the aim is that I believe we're only going to we're only going to be testing a tiny handful of new new campaigns new offers throughout the year. And so the aim is really to have these bullets like we know we have the 17 for one bullet, right?

I believe we fired that twice It produced Revenue twice already. We did it as Black Friday. Of course, we're gonna do that that Black Friday offer again in 2023. We're gonna fire the 17 for one bullet which is done, you know is done already, you know again at some point we're gonna fire like all the bullets that have performed up to this point, we're gonna continue to fire so the aim is not to have to create new campaigns all the time. The aim is the opposite the aim is the total opposite and so the AIM To be able to look at a month like to be able to get to March.

Let's say and say all right, what are the bullets that we're gonna fire and Damian can walk you through we want to mix of we want one or two bullets that are high ticket. We want one bullet that's mid-tier and we want one bullet one or two bullets. Let's say that is low ticket. And so every month being consisting of these campaigns that we've completed we've gone the distance with firing them off. Um, and and then being able to recycle them and the difference that I just want to be I want to be clear about and then Damian, I'm sorry to hijack the meeting.

I'm gonna turn it back to you is the aim is you know, I've always said to Damian and I've said this to clients and I've been saying this to clients now for for most of this year that I you know that when it's not about stepping up to the plate and hitting a home run right like if you have 45 campaigns throughout the year, let's say just as an example to make work, right? It's okay, then if you have singles and doubles and every now and then a triple and every now and then a home run, you don't need everything to be a home run if we're running too launches a year and that's our business. Let's say then you need two home runs a year to win the game. But when you're launching 45 campaigns, let's just say or 45 offers throughout the year. You can have some Duds some singles some doubles some triples and some home runs.

So the aim Teddy is really to put ourselves in a position where the work that we're doing on. The campaigns is the optimizing is the completing is the building it fully out and not having to start from scratch. There will be some campaigns that we're gonna test like trying to sell. Can we sell AA for five grand without a salesperson without a sales commission? Um, can we do that?

I have no idea right that may flop and we might see by Q2 like there's no way that we can make that work. And then therefore we have a hard decision to make about E5 AA and whether we sun set it or or whatever happens. Um, so the aim is to only have a small handful of campaigns from scratch this year campaigns that we're not necessarily right? We're not banking on any one to make the year. And some of the some of the new campaigns I think two of certainly two of the new campaigns are gonna be my opportunity to kind of spread my creative Wings a little bit like the idea for the copy Mastermind.

That's like, you know that gets me excited to be able to work on a campaign like that or the live the live training the live Workshop. That kind of is an exciting thing for me to to work on so the aim is not chronically, right? The aim is dialing these things in right getting them set up once and then dialing them in identifying. What's a dud what's good enough to stay in the lineup move out the Duds replace them with either something else or you know, we're gonna figure that out as we go so that makes sense Teddy. Yeah.

Yeah. It's really makes sense. I mean, I guess so the way I the way I Envision it working working best would be like like look first of all, you know, we need something to to tap into what's going on in the marketplace, right that generates leads so that we can constantly be building new leads to feed these campaigns. Right? So like what what is that?

You know, are we doing like, you know a webinar once a month with you on a current Hot Topic that we just do Drive lead gen towards to build a list, but all these people into the bullet campaigns identify the bullet buyers put them in E5 campus not any five camp and then from there picked cream to crop top more like that. Seems to be kind of the latter or flow. But yeah, I definitely want to go deeper on a map down some stuff for the bullet campaigns of all the different touch points that we could be using that we're not using so that's what I meant like by going deep but I just want to make sure that rails of strategy for for fresh new Legion because I think putting these offers back out to the marketplace that people have now seen potentially several times isn't the best positioning for us and also isn't gonna drive the best lead gen. Yeah. And so I would say that while we the the idea certainly is and I think Damian mentioned it and then Damian go jump in the idea certainly is to figure out what we need to do.

Um, what we need to do on a lead gen side, you know, I think that we're seeing that you know, it's not just you know, it's not just lead gen. It's the right bait to attract the right people and so, you know, we just want to be careful that we're not optimizing for Are you know a 60% opt-in rate, you know, like where we're crushing it 60% off the rate from cold traffic. But yet these leads are they're not Learners. They're not doers. They want push button Solutions and I think that worse we saw a little bit of that.

Potentially. We're still kind of analyzing it with the opening sentence, you know swipe but we're gonna we're gonna figure it out. I'm confident that we I'm confident that we'll we'll be able to generate the right the right leads, especially if There's no. There's no immediate urgency to monetize those leads right away. Like if we can just generate leads and continually generate leads and put them into our house file.

Where now we know that as long as they stay on our list. They're gonna be exposed to an offer every, you know, every week potentially then the aim is to be able to you know, Damian's gonna look at 45 to 60 days to see how well they you know, though those leads perform. Like can we get people to lead, you know, can we generate leads and get people to buy so we'll you know, we'll see there's a lot of unknowns but the foundation I think as Damien said is really kind of is really is in the process of being proven out, like look, we're like Damien said we're coming off a year where the we we boosted the the bottom line the right way and we've got these campaigns that we've launched some of them more than once and they've done well, even you know, launching them more than once and certainly now if we can keep fresh leads coming in which I believe that we can then we're gonna we're gonna see how this performs and so God. Damn you I should I do have just a really quick question if that's cool. I'm just a cannons or the big the big bullets right that the two that we're gonna do a year you have like a you have by the way, I I just the best thing you could you could sit back not just the fact that he called them cannons like so yeah bullets, but we fire two cannons a year.

I'm just like I like that. Thank you. I'm glad you caught I was I wanted to add that in there. What are we thinking as far as numbers for that? Like is there is there kind of a goal that you're building and saying man if if I would say I'll answer that question for Todd because I know he hates forecasting I'm the goal is certainly to do you know promotion that could do six figures or more.

That's why it's gonna be priced up. You know, those are always those cannons are always gonna be price at a higher ticket whether it's 1500 to Grand 2500. They're not gonna be like a 497 product. They're always gonna be a higher ticket and the goal is to be be able to do a single promotion it does. Six figures or more whether it's exactly a hundred grand or we hit 200 or 300.

I don't know but that's the objective. And and right. Yeah, so that's a really good. It's not just about the revenue right as as a boost as a turbo boost as a slack adjuster, but it's also about like as we saw from the decade plus it's something magical happens that's hard to quantify that when we do big products and bigger releases the marketplace attention that people talk about us and it just it results in all sorts of other ancillary benefits. And so that's the other point right you sound a Canon and people pay attention.

And so that's the other point of you know, that's the other thing. We're after with firing these twice a year. Yeah, and I just want to I want to throw I want to throw one thing out, you know and got to give credit where you know got to give credit to Teddy with the decade plus swipe promotion. It was his I his idea and his insistence on doing that and that really turned out to be a great promotion not just a great promotion. It was a great promotion for the for many of the partners many of the partners.

world With with the results that that they got it was there were you know, there were people talking about the decade plus swipe file, you know folks were thrilled with it. And so just across the board. It was it was a it was a good thing. It was also a good thing. It was a neat thing for us to be associated with this truly One of a Kind product, right and like this one-of-a-kind product that you can't get anywhere else.

You cannot get this anywhere else like and you think of the story behind the decade plus swipe file of taking 10 plus years to accumulate Aggregate and then organize this thing and the weeks that you know, it took to organize it and digitize it and then printed and and the fact that it was physical and the fact that it looks impressive and again that you can't get it anywhere else. It was a great thing for us to be associated with that. That's what for what for It's worth that's those are the kind of ideas when it comes to products and offers that get me wildly excited because it makes the marketing easy. It Garners attention. That's why I like the idea of the copy Mastermind because I like the idea of putting putting being and I look I don't know if we'll be able to pull it off.

I don't know who will agree to go. I don't know if we'll be able to if we'll be able to execute on it. But if we can right where else can you go today to get the tips and tricks from the best of the best copywriters swapping with one another in a room right live up to date sharing their deepest, you know darkest most effective techniques, like that's wildly different from a copywriting course a copywriting training a speech given at an event. Um, it gives us credibility as again the Of an event like that. It gives us a lot of like I said earlier b-roll fodder, you know images to to leak again that we were the first and only to organize the best of the best Mastermind or gathering of these top copywriters to share their you know, their their gems and so it from a marketing perspective.

I don't want to say that it writes itself the promotion but you're you're not it's not a it's a much easier job to show what makes it unique when it truly is unique. You're not just relying on a unique mechanism and an argument that proves it and and hoping that you offer enough proof and support and evidence. You're you're bringing something at the beginning that is both wildly different and wildly valuable and something that you can't get anywhere else. And so that's a you know, that's a beautiful thing. And so that's those are the kind of ideas that get me wildly excited and that I think I believe do well if you look back you look at the Agora copy school.

It was the same thing at the time you couldn't get that anywhere. You could not get you you could get no Insight or access to to that materials to those materials. And so like that wasn't that's another example of a truly unique and wildly valuable offer. And so so yeah, that's that's the kind of stuff that I love and that's the kind of stuff that I'm looking forward to working on. Do you think we can something especially something like that that the recording specifically could be a big push that we do with Affiliates.

I mean, I would think that that would be really really attractive especially across different segments, you know via our Affiliates that could maybe hit on what Teddy was talking about of bringing in, you know, fresh blood per se right? Yeah. Well look the to finish up right again, all these things have yet to be we haven't fleshed out anything and so we're certainly going to talk about that in my mind. I saw it very similar to what we did with the E5 intensive. Um, and that is you know, see if the folks in the room of any interest in promoting right many of the folks that promoted the decade swipe are gonna are hopefully gonna be in the room.

And so now you have the opportunity to share these recordings with your audience. Why wouldn't you you know, at least have an interest in doing that and so maybe we'll be able to get six seven eight nine ten of those people to do it. But either way I'm super excited about it. And so go ahead Damian. I know that we we've gotten way off track and and hijacked the agenda.

And so God take over and I I appreciate you sharing that man super valuable just for all of you so that when we taught and I fire stuff out you understand the context of why we're doing what we're doing and not just like I don't understand why this matters or this doesn't make sense. And so I appreciate you and that TV and so let me take your kind of through a couple things that I want us to cover. Together here. So first of all, this is I don't know if Todd looked at this yet, but we're gonna put together a very very simple scoreboard that every week. We just update manually don't want it automated.

I don't have a couple numbers on it just so we can watch the bullets go out, right? So when the bullet a bullet goes out it finishes we could say okay this thing we added this many people in The Click sequence. This is how many people made it to the conversion. There's so many people hit the page unit sold number first time buyers dollar. So okay, there might be one or two changes on.

This one's Todd and I have a chance to digest it certainly if anybody says in additions, but that's gonna be the tool that I want us to looking at and yes, Todd and Teddy I call our coded it to make it look like think or Swim so that we can we can think a little differently about our business. So I hope you appreciate that. um, all right, so let me look at let me let me show you the calendar coming up and then we're gonna get into the couple things that I really wanted to hear from you are Chris and Teddy on in terms of the execution these bullets so So first of all, so this is the the calendar that I put together q1 again. This is not only you know, we typically don't even have a monthly account calendar. We've now moved from a month to because we have a process that's working.

Everybody's doing a great job with it. We're going with a quarterly calendar. And so you'll see that there's a mix of high mid low. There's also a mix of new bullets that need to be created and bullets that can just be fired and bullets that need to be bulletified. And so that's a lot of top Teddy what I mentioned you that you and I will be doing a lot of work together where it's like, okay, you know second week of January.

We're on our eight easy copy school that things 90% done. It's just not bullify. And so it's gonna require me to do some copy work. It's gonna require you to do some wiring work and we'll be able to do it together and we'll be able to get together a great promotion and both buy it and do and run it just like we did with your winning offer right where the pieces were there just needs to be put together properly. And so you'll see a good balance of things any questions on this before I go on to the next thing.

Okay, so there's a couple things that I want to talk about. I want to talk about. Channels proof and expectations and so Todd in two minutes or less. Can you just articulate Vision wise to the team right? The purpose of this is they're going to do the work Teddy and Chris are going to do the work right?

We're offense. You guys are defense together. We're a team. We're gonna win Glenda you are the goaltender who also does some other awesome things. I don't know how to fit into the metaphor at the moment, but In terms of the bullets firing at a very high level.

Can you just explain to Chris and Teddy what the expectations are what we need from them from a QA from an execution standpoint. Like what is it that we're looking for? I know you and I have had a number of conversations about this. I'm not sure what you're asking me. Are you asking me?

Oh just just being able to say Hey, you know, I want to make sure when a bullet goes out that all the pages have been QA that the the buildings in place at the trackings in place. I want to make sure that you know, the sequences the the deadlines of the tested like what are the things what's the process that we want them to put together is that you know at a high level? Yeah, I mean at a highly you just gave the high level the high level is when we fire a campaign. We want to make sure that every piece works that everything is is set up properly that all the tags that need to be applied or are being applied that we know that the thank you sequence for buyers is set up is the right buyer sequence has everything that we we need in there all the appropriate links. We want to make sure that you know that the deadline funnel is is displaying properly.

We want to make sure that things look good on desktop and mobile and so right we and we can't just use the click funnels mobile thing. We got actually pull it up on an iPhone at least to see because oftentimes what what you see in Click funnels Mobile Windows not the same thing that you see on an iPhone. Um, We we want to make sure that the thank you page for the campaign is a is um is is set up properly that whatever it is that we you know for using a standard. Thank you page which at some point will probably talk about that that is is set up. I mean you gave the high level view Damien.

I mean, I love you want to make sure that everything works the way it's supposed to work when it's supposed to work. Yeah, so over this week. Teddy and Chris I'd like you guys to work together to come up with like what is gonna be that process? You know, what part are you gonna own Chris? What part is Teddy gonna own so that when Todd and I are again, you know, we're you know, you know, I'm the marketing team with Todd now, right?

You know, I've joined I've joined the marketing team so that when he and I are working together and he has a thing and he puts it to me and I finished putting it to the ground we say, okay, we want to fire this thing. We know that everything else is gonna be die. You know, it's gonna be right, you know, if we say, hey every every campaign needs an SMS in it, we make sure there's an SMS in it. If it's not there somebody setting up a flag and saying hey we need a copy for this this needs to be updated whether the case maybe makes sense Christian, Teddy. You go.

I mean Damien, I think well what we what we talked about when we talked a little bit about this was we said the the more important the more important kind of checklist for us to put together is the actual setup of the again. Okay. All right. And so that's where you know, Teddy will be able to you know, like all the little things do we want an exit pop on every order form. Always what should that exit pop be we and that's something that we're gonna use like when we're setting it up Teddy you're gonna use to make sure that it works.

Chris is going to use when he qa's it to make sure it's working. So like that's the most likely for for Illuminating that right. So it's gonna be there's gonna be two parts, right? There's gonna be the let's call it the, you know, fire the bullet process like bullets ready to fire like check check everything's good. But then there's also going to be construction process where we want to make sure which is going to be part of what we cover in just just a few minutes that whatever piece is we agree on that every bullet should have That like it's very clear what that is, right?

My Todd said if we're always gonna make sure there's an exit pop on the order form if we always want to make sure that there's a split test on the main conversion message. Whatever it is. We want to make sure that those pieces are all in place. Okay. and that's where that's where Teddy like when we get to that that's where with like you and Damien that's where we're really gonna flesh out some of the The things that have been missing like what if we what haven't we done?

What can what could we add in SMS or voice broadcast here? That's where we're gonna spend some work session of this meeting in just a little bit. I want to go to probably the simpler topic but Todd in in two minutes or less. Can you just explain to everybody particularly Chris since this is going to be something one of his big contributions to the execution of bullets the significance of gathering proof after every bullet and what that looks like and why it's so critically valuable to us. So I'm gonna leave out the what that looks like in terms of the actual process for Gathering proof and address really how critically important the process but what the end result is.

Like what is it that you want to get right? Yeah. So yeah, so look the to to say this is simply as I can the more proof we have the more evidence we have for what it is that we are promising the better. Our campaigns are likely to perform. It doesn't mean that proof, you know can overcome everything but you know, it's one thing for us to claim that a result can happen.

It's one thing for us to claim that this is a comprehensive training or that it's the best or that it's phenomenal or that it covers everything from 80 or that it's Gonna Make You confident. It's an entirely different thing for other third-party people that are not being paid that have gone through it to say all those things about it, right and so ultimately We we want to make sure that for all of our products that we are constantly proactively and intentionally generating. Uh, you know, a testimonials case studies, you know reviews and in you know, like look, you know, I don't it doesn't have to be full-blown case studies like what we do with E5 it can be somebody fills out a form. It could be somebody sends over an email. It could be somebody post something on Facebook.

Certainly the more results oriented. It is the better but we want we we want and we need rave reviews feedback endorsements testimonials for all of our products when we have a program or product that has no testimonials endorsements reviews whatnot. It becomes very difficult for prospects to it. The it becomes very difficult for prospects to place all their trust when they're seeing lots of Of rave reviews testimonials case studies for a variety of other products and offers that were competing with and so our buddy Jeff Walker used to say years ago used to say no proof no launch, right? He's the launch guy.

No proof. No launch. You don't have proof. You don't have a launch until you have proof. You don't have a launch and I always say to our clients right that, you know, without proof without evidence without support in this context.

I'm specifically talking about case studies testimonials, you know feedback reviews what you really end up having is a bunch of claims about how great your product your offer your service is, that's really what you you ultimately have. I think today we have become and this is kind of gonna put a cap on it and then hopefully Damien this answers your question, you know today we've become so much a society where when we are deciding on something like a restaurant or a resort to go to we look for reviews right and like when my wife sees some does not matter how great that the pictures To thing looks the description looks the copy is if there are a tiny number of reviews my wife's like no no way like no there's a reason why they don't have a lot of reviews in her mind now the they might not have a lot of reviews because they're terrible at marketing or they're terrible at generating reviews and somebody else might have a lot of reviews because they're excellent at generating reviews. Nevertheless, right? That's irrelevant. My wife right people look for reviews.

They make decisions based on reviews. And so we would be foolish to not make sure that we are actively getting reviews feedback testimonials case studies for all of our products. Yeah, and so very very well said TV and so Chris that's one of the big things for 2023 that you you're you know, we're asking you to own when I say own right a process, right? We don't want to just be like hey, if you get an alert, you know, we're chasing down. We'll try why every time just like every time right just like this a process there's a click sequence and as a conversion and there's a product delivery sequence for every single bullet there needs to be a generate proof process to every single bowl and it doesn't right doesn't mean like hey, we sold 80 copies of coffee boarding.

How do we get 79 testimonials right even just getting three or four every time we fire a bullet three or four good ones? Is immensely valuable? Okay, and so special over this week because I'll have limited capacity next week. And so this week would be certainly a good chance to get a jump. Otherwise, we'll have to bounce some ideas around and start thinking about it New Year like start thinking about what you're gonna make that process, right?

What are you process? How are you gonna reach out to them? How are you gonna collect them? What are the different levels? Well how it would be great if we can get, you know a comment even better than that as an audio even better as a video even better than that like one of the levels how do we up?

All those different things? Yeah, and my my gut tells me that we can um, we can get to a point Chris where we're we're automating the first part a little bit like we might have a templated email sequence that we can use. Um, that just gets updated for a bullet and you fire it afterwards and it comes from you and maybe the first part of it is can we get people, you know, can we incentivize people with some some sort of bonus or something to fill out? a form that answers three or four Three or four questions and then based on the answers that you get if you get somebody that gives really good answers then we you know, there's another email or a text message that you send them to see if they could record a video or to see if they jump on Zoom with you and something like that. And so yeah and definitely where where there's marketing or copy components.

I'm happy to hop in I'll help but I want you to take the lead right? I don't want to just be like hey Dave, we need some stuff on a page. Can you come up and then I like put together what you think needs to be there and then I'll take it up and I'll put some some additional copy chops to it, but I don't want you to feel like you know, you don't have us to leverage and stuff like that. But at the end of the day, you know want to own it, right when we go boom like every bullets going out. It has more proof.

I want it to be because Chris executed and did that and owned it. Okay. Yeah. No, absolutely. I actually thought we're yeah the way you phrase that I thought we were gonna talk through that but I'll just quickly stay out what you mention.

A lot of what I actually wrote down for today's call which was you know, getting people to jump on a call which we know is extremely hard to do getting people to answer text message tends to be a little bit easier. But again, you know free like giving sick giving them something to incentivize I think is just a no-brainer especially if we're looking to get consistency with these verses like yeah, we could get Scrappy call every single person maybe you know one out of 100 people answer their answer their phone getting them out all it's not that's totally not that's not not for something like this. We're not like for me it really is very close to like look there's a they're in my mind at least right and I'm Gonna Let You you own it. I'm certainly more than willing on a separate occasion to talk through kind of some thoughts and then let you take them and run but you know in my mind there would be this kind of this skeleton this templated approach that we use and then there are likely gonna be these little pieces of content that you need to just fill in like maybe we say, Right send out an email with a video from you that mentions the product and you know X bonus that if they share their feedback on it and then you just record a 60 second video like that, you know uses this script where you fill in the name of the product you fill in the name of the bonus. There's an email that sends it like right where they go to a form and so we're not looking for you.

I'm not looking for you every time a bullet, you know, it's higher for you to be jumping on the phone or nothing like that one. It's one thing and then we run it and then we just keep making that one thing execute better, right execute better. I I love it. And really the big idea for me was in the portal making sure that there's some sort of maybe even showing, you know in their content that there's an extra bonus that's on that that's actually locked and it's connected, you know into the individually, you know, really? Throughout if it's one video or if it's multiple lessons where there's a little insert or a pop-up that basically said talks about unlocking this mystery bonus and I think if we did that it's very simple, right?

They click on it Todd. We have that forgot the name of the software we have but basically they just click on a link. There's a video of me walking them through the testimonial and if we do that, I think especially with an incentive inside the portal right now. I'm not even worried about calling them. I haven't worry about that singing email which I would email them as well.

But I think if it's in the portal there there consuming the content they're excited. If I got to the end of a video and all of a sudden boom. I can unlock some free content like you better believe and only gonna take me a couple minutes to unlock this free bonus. I'm not gonna leave it there. And so I think if I incentivize it, I think it'll work right so come up with yeah start.

Yeah, the key is the keys with that real quick Chris. The key is with that and this has to be figured out with Teddy is that we just have to make sure that people aren't entering a bogus name and just typing anything into the form to unlock the bonus inside the portal and so like right that's the only downside like where it wouldn't be it wouldn't be automatically or it couldn't be automatically delivered because what will wind up getting is just a bunch of people that type in anything into the form, press submit just to unlock the the bonus, but that's all stuff that you and Teddy can configure out how to do. Oh excited. So what I want to turn attention to is Teddy, so one of the things we want to talk about is right, we have click sequences. We have conversion sequences.

And as you know, one of anything is bad and so relying on bullets just being purely email driven as a dangerous thing for us to do and so, you know, I'd asked you last week Teddy and it's or week and a half ago before we left just to think about, you know, your recommendations on how we start incorporating other elements and standardized and into the execution of bullets such as again, you know, we've we talked about okay, we're gonna send a day at final Day SMS, right? You know what other channels we use and I want to really talk through that so that as we get ready in the New Year, we can make sure that these bullets are more complete again. They work well this year and that's knowing that we we held back a bit right? We didn't we didn't really go as far as we could and we want to go that far. And so Teddy love to hear kind of what your thoughts or what I share.

Yeah, let me just share my screen real quick. All right. So yeah, so this is why I was asking about basically going deep right? So um, and this would require obviously creating a lot potentially a lot of assets that we don't have yet for every campaign. But if you just think through it then you know, the click sequence obvious has a tag that triggers that the sequence was started that tag could then be used to so I mean, there's some things that we got a put in place and start building audiences for right so like getting a browser push notification list built so we get to know probably browser push notifications and the ball just for pause one second.

I know we never quite committed to that. I've heard some ups and downs on it you feel like browser push is worth pursuing not as the solution but as part of a viable effective solution. Yeah as part of what part of one like, yeah. So I mean just in terms of like how many different ways can we get this message in front of people while we're promoting it, right? So so let me jump in real quick Teddy and just I I would say what what I would say in the spirit of Simplicity right is like if there was one additional channel for us to start with right like if we had one more communication Channel, we've just doubled the amount of communication channels that were were using and so if there was one additional Communication channel on top of email what what's the one that you would that you would use?

All right. Well, then it would be the members area. Right, I mean because you know, that's the other thing right. So again going back to to this conversation last year like we shut off the ability for everybody to kind of buy everything in the portal. So I guess that's a question too is do we do we re-enable that let people buy stuff so I wouldn't re-enable the portal right?

Because part of what what is the magic sauce with the bullets is the urgency of the offer and the unique deadlines. We're not going to mess with that. But why can't we use the portal to get people in The Click sequences? We I mean same thing. Yeah, so the the sequel when somebody starts when this tag is fired inside of the campaign that they started the sequence then in the portal you could certainly have either have it featured in the portal numbers area as a banner.

So again, we need to create some banners or you could have no chat box pop up letting them know that that offer is happening. You could easily replicate that to the blog and homepage as well, but Just a pause for a second. So you might know this Teddy or Chris what percentage of our buyers log into the portal on a weekly basis. That's a look. and at least a couple hundred Okay, and so Teddy so correct me if I'm mistaken just to make sure that I can understand because I kind of like that.

I mean it almost feels like how do we not do that when we own it and people are logging into it and it's the single Source where people go to access the stuff that they purchase from us. And so it's buyers mean mainly buyers. I would think that are logging in there. I just want to understand so inside the portal we can we can you know, sink the portal to a a click sequence meaning once the click sequence is started. We can display a banner in the portal.

Um, that is ultimately designed to get them to click over to the vsl page. And if they click on either the banner or any of the click sequence emails and then have the tag applied that says they started the conver. In sequence we can have that Banner updated in the portal to now show a conversion Banner. Yeah. Oh even juicy a question.

Can we get a debt? Can we get a custom deadline timer in their portal? Yeah, can't you teddy can't we well? possibly Okay. I would be killer.

Yeah, they take technically could be the same technically the same image URL that works in the emails should work in the world. It's kind of interesting. Okay, I like that. So basically that would require two banners per then hang on and just to be clear Teddy. So then when the when they finish the the campaign whether they come to the end of The Click sequence and don't click or they don't click on the click sequence Banner in in the portal or whether they finish the conversion sequence and don't buy and don't click any bad, you know, don't don't they don't buy or whether they do buy when there's a completed tag on like they completed this sequence regardless of what they did we can then have any Associated Banner in the portal disappear.

Correct. Yeah, what I probably do would create a click sequence active or conversion sequence active tag. And so if that active tag is present when they log into the portal they're active in the click sequence. They would see the call to action click if they're active in the conversion sequence. So you see the call to action to convert.

Okay. So so TV just a banner. It can be a block of HTM. It could be basically whatever we want right and it can The block on the page, it could be a little pop-up widget. It could be a light box.

It could be, you know, almost like a deadline funnel footer bar. Okay. And it can be replicated to the blog too. There's no reason. You know if it's all through convert flow as long as convert flow knows who they are.

Then whatever data infusion has about them convert flow also has and okay. So TV, how would you feel about again just for q1? Right? Just a stay focused. Keep it simple that for q1 in addition.

Right? So we have the email the bullets have emails Teddy and I are committing to getting one SMS just being sensitive to legal stuff. Just having one SMS go out of the final data say hey this is expiring today. And then the next step in building out. The bullet will be that we focus on just this one portal element like yeah.

I would simplify it even more dude, I would focus on this and I wouldn't do anything with SNS until we find out from our the legal do the the attorney. What is the right way in the wrong way? Because I'll tell you the odd thing. Is that like when I get email when I get SMS messages regularly from somebody I'm a lot less likely to look at it or consider it spam when I rarely get an SMS from somebody and it shows up once a month or once every few weeks. That's when I'm like Something's odd here.

And so for me, I I really just wanted like I want to know I don't want to I don't want to pretend like like we're scared of it's like poisons. So let's drink a little bit just in case let's find out whether it's poisonous or not it either is or it isn't or there's a right way to do it. There's a wrong way to do it. What's the right way to do it? How can we use SMS if at all to communicate with our people and that's viable?

Yeah done deal. There's no reason to talk more about it right now, right the portal is more of a strength to ours. It's more in our wheelhouse. We have limited success and track record with SMS. And so that'll be the focus.

So no more SMS for now Teddy unless there's some special occasion. We don't have to worry about that and then Ted if you could just start working on what the plan is. Like. What's the first thing you want? I want to test doing a footer and a header and this and therefore I'm gonna need this type of copy for every bullet.

I'll be responsible for for working with you to make sure you have all those creatives and so let's make that the plan. Love that I think that's great. It's simple obviously make sure it's trackable so we could see okay great, you know every bullet. Hey, we got an extra 30 people in the campaign who clicked about active because of this and then we also got two sets, you know, Okay. Love I would say my my recommendation is I would say pick one two campaigns to start with and I would just do the two like don't let's not, you know, let's put it to the test before we commit to it.

right turn up. And so and I would look to like this to me is right like I'd rather do it right than just do it quickly and try to do it on every campaign and what I mean by that is like, I don't know Teddy start to think about because we're using a standard deadline time frame. You know, is there a way to like update the you know, like update the update the banner when there's 24 hours remaining right? Even if there's no countdown. Like is there a way to know like all right on day one.

We want to release this Banner day two. We want to release this Banner day three we want to release this banner and then on day four goes away. Just think about it. And then obviously so then Todd we're gonna put a pin in retargeting for now and all that stuff. We're gonna hold off on that and just focus on one adding one thing to the make the bullets more effective and seeing how that affects it.

Yes. Uh, well Teddy is Teddy doesn't do retargeting. So I don't know if that necessarily needs to be the case. Well, let me ask you a question Teddy. Is there a way for us to run?

Retargeting to get people into the click sequence or is that not work unless they opt in. Yeah have to have to opt in to get into the quick sequence. Yes. No, but even the question also so Teddy there's there's also no way to well. Wait a second.

Is there a way to Is there a way to use retargeting where with let's say our own house file? So let's say we put hypothetically 30,000 people into a click sequence. Well, Damien, wouldn't we wouldn't we just want to use retargeting for the for the conversion sequence? I disagree because again, we're running to this all the time, but first of all the conversion sequence you're talking about this small audience, which always causes like the serving issues these bidding issues. And the other thing is that then we're dealing with all the deadline funnel stuff, which is like, okay.

Well only show you know, we have 77 people in the sequence and only show these four thirty four people an ad for like and I know it can be automated but if yeah, I don't agree with you. I I don't those are the exact people that I want to retarget are the people that go to that I try to get as many people as possible into the click sequence so that we get their hand raises and we know that man like these people are interested in this topic, let's I would but if I had to pick one or the other the people that I would put my money it's not a question of the people. It's how you get to the people which is the point is retargeting the small. All of retargeting. Yeah, it's it's just horribly inefficient.

And so sending that we got to retargeting list of 132 people and it's gonna have a hug. I mean dude, we've got you know, 1,000 people that go into a campaign like in other words or 2,000 people that go into a campaign. We don't have a hundred people. You're talking about numbers that are not like yeah, but but you're you're assuming that every single one of those people are in Facebook and every single one of them are using an email with our database that is associated with their Facebook profile. So whatever that number yeah, but in a third if not a half.

Okay. So what I would then rather find out, I would rather find out I'd rather get the information on SMS and I'd rather find out what we can do with those people through SMS. That I the key thing to SMS dude is number one. You got to get clear clear consent up front at the time of opt-in. So you got to add a bunch of disclaimer at time time of opt-in and you have to clearly give them give them ways to opt out.

You can only email them between 8:00 am and 9 pm in their local time zone. Like those are the two big issues. But it's not just give me your phone number. That means I have consent smsu. No, it's a it's a legit like approval and so but let me let me ask you this.

So. Are there are there? And we need confirmation on this really and so I don't even know if we need to it my we could see if we can get explicit permission like post sale like can we incentivize buyers to give us their to get on some sort of SMS, you know notification list or you know, or we send out special bonuses once a month just to people on our SMS list as well as other messages like we can test something to see, you know, even run something in the portal or run an email sequence. My bigger question is and then right we can use technology to send it to them at a certain time within their time zone. I'm sure I would have to believe that we can do that because if we can't do that then the whole conversation you can't tie it to the end date of their time.

Unless it's within their time frame within that within the allowable allowable window to advise that they're in this conversion sequence. Yeah, but right okay. Oh my my bigger question is is there any issue with content? Meaning, um, meaning, you know, like can you send any kind of like do we are there certain words or phrases? Like can we not make promises in SMS?

Can we not have income claims in SMS? Will you know like everything else everything else FTC related still applies? Obviously, okay. All right. Okay, so Daniel and it is the same for ringless and voice drops as well.

Same exact rules. Man, you need a you need permission. Yes. You need permit when somebody gives you their phone number you need so you're sending it after an automated system absolutely got it in every so you know, I'm on like 10, which it sounds kind of crazy. Probably five five to ten.

What's on better. I'm on quite a few, you know text with this where you know, the reason why I'm even on there is because they say Hey, you know 20% on your next purchase. I'm like, well, I'm not gonna buy something now, but I definitely don't want to miss out on the 20% next time that happens. All I need to do is basically opt in for text messages and I've done it actually literally just went through and stopped a bunch of them. But every every one seems to use the same exact same exact thing which is a like I know exactly what I was signing out for it wasn't mysterious it was sign up to get text messages, but then I get 20% off my next purchase.

So I think we did something like that. I think it would work and it works at least work for me probably work for millions of others. That's probably why they're all using the same Tech tactic. But yeah, so Damian we're just To bounce this back to you and we're not going to we're not going to figure this out now or decide this now, but for me it just it really just defeats the whole purpose of like if I'm gonna retarget I'm gonna retarget the people. I'm gonna retarget for the offer to the people that visited the page like the thought of let's go to the people on our house file that are not clicking on an email link and retarget them to send them over to the offer so that we can start to conversion sequence of a bunch of emails that they then will likely also not click on to me just defeats the whole purpose and so like the idea for me of retire.

Like I want to the most valuable people to communicate with are the ones that go over and see the offer. Yes, I and I think the solution there might be I think the problem there might be this right that we're we're trying to do Facebook retargeting. I think if you did programmatic retargeting where it was gdn and like just Plastering the web following them around with that offer not just in Facebook, but wherever they're at on the web might make more sense because then it's it's not tied to the Facebook population. Well, but it's still there. There's still a couple there's still number one the issue of you know, like Damien is saying the potential smaller audience 1,000 people 1200 people whatever the number is that that may be and and issue but then there's the other the other issue from from what I understand like from my side of the equation which is the how does that get tied in with um with like Infusionsoft like when somebody let's say we're now retargeting them and they buy and so are we able to dynamically update that list so that they're now no longer being retarded with Facebook.

Yes. I'm not sure with with the programmatic stuff. I assume so but we haven't programmatic so we don't know. Okay. All right.

All right. Let me let me bounce around some stuff with with John and Matt and kind of get some feedback from them and see there. And then the only other thing I would have would be this direct mail piece which we wanted to touch on but you know, I would think it you know, somebody goes through three campaigns and doesn't buy anything then potentially a direct mail offer to the 17 for one bundle. could work but assuming we have their address so they would have to be a buyer already of something. Yeah.

hmm and then again, I think the other important so two other things just real quick. So number one just started to add in here what we were just talking about. So, you know having a consumption's consumption sequence if we're gonna go deep on stuff making sure they actually go through the thing which will then set up the testimonial with the special bonus download and and Survey but so, you know adding this third sequence, which we did currently don't have really well done in most cases. It's just a Hey, thanks for buying this go check it. It's in the portal now.

Go enjoy. What was the other thing I was yeah, you know, you know, it's interesting. Can you make a note Teddy? Uh, and so and I think we're we're getting I think gaming correct me if I'm mistaken, but we're veering off a little bit from what the original the original thing that you wanted to cover but with the consumption sequence sequences and some of the other sequences Teddy. I would love to know one of the things that I would I would love to know if like the consumption sequence can if the from name if we change the from name does that does that change deliverability if the aim if the from the email is still the same?

As long as the email still the same the name doesn't matter now. Yeah, so I think the thing that has stopped me from that that I'd love to explore is I'm totally down to do cool consumption sequences. And I think that even potentially Chris as part of the consumption sequence. We could have testimonial generating like a testimonial, you know generating thing where we send them to a form we have we deliver some on advertised bonuses like really do it. Like I used to do it with the six-figure funnel formula years ago, um, which got a crazy amount of testimonials.

Um, I would love to do I'd love to do the I'd love to see if we could send the consumption sequence from like the name of the product. Meaning like the name of the product the name of the program something like that. So like so that it's not my name and the reason why I say that is only because right like it's tough to say let's do consumption emails. Let's do emails to generate, um, you know, testimonial or whatnot. Let's do a bullet from me or a back-end from me and they're all coming from me and it feels like somebody's being inundated with six emails a day from me.

But if it was they buy a course and now they're follow-up is coming from like the course administrator and right they they should while they might not recognize your name Chris immediately. They'll recognize the name of the course that they just bought hopefully and have all the consumption stuff come from like the course if you will, I don't know just a thought. and then the only other third thing would be like Thinking through you know, what? What is The Logical path for people buying these bullets? to then go to to Camp or a or top one right and knowing what is what are the trigger points that are gonna trigger again another bullet or Evergreen campaign for those with us webinar campaign, whether it's the plf funnel that we queue up and go deep on and revisit but like If our goal is to monetize leads.

Then if we just keep them in bullet campaigns for low price front and offers, that's not gonna get well, they're just we could the bullets are not low in price below price for an offers right? There are mix Damien I I know I know we're might not be I don't want to go down a rabbit hole. Now. This might be a separate conversation, but we did didn't we didn't you and I talk about potentially possibly the idea of um, of After somebody buys the after somebody buys a low ticket product or maybe we even said the email triggers the SL know what you're gonna or not even after somebody completes that campaign. We put them into a campaign to see if we can sell E5 AA or something like that.

What I talked about. Yeah absolutely is what we talked about was possibly doing something that after people buy we maybe have a direct mail campaign that goes to people that buy that then gets them into a follow-up campaign for a if they're interested but something that just happens in the background. What I don't want to do is I don't want to start off bifurcating and creating all these weird tentacles on people and different tracks because then they end up falling. I feel like it's a game Pitfall like they fall on these like little endless loops and then they don't get offers. And you know like I want to write let's just keep the crowd keep firing bullets.

Keep them going keep them going. But if we can hit him on a different Channel, I'm all for doing something like that. Like hey do you want to do and if they send a text message we then optim into a sequence and they get more information about AA that would be very interesting and I think something we do need to explore as one of the ways to get steady AA clients through marketing. Yeah. I just wonder if based on all the data that Teddy has shown us showing us that you know, that the people that buy let's say two times from us, um that they are more likely to buy E5 a well.

I wonder if we should just have like one campaign that one somebody reaches to purchases from us that campaign gets triggered. Um, and if we wanted to test it all direct mail or something like that, but you know where it's it's Campaign and it gets fired at a certain time. I just want to be careful that we're not going in the opposite direction of what Teddy's data showed us, which is that like we don't want to fire that campaign with a lead because those people tend not to buy E5 AA we want to activate those people with some sort of lower ticket, you know, or some offer through one of the bullets, but maybe after they buy either once maybe it's after the first time that they buy we just keep it real simple after what the when somebody becomes a buyer for the first time boom. We launched this campaign has nothing to do with the bullets or anything like that. But it's it's a series of it's a direct mail package with some follow-up.

I don't know just some thoughts. Yeah, I would say or just even keep it simple. Right? It's like well when somebody is a new buyer. Then you know once a quarter, they're gonna get a direct mailing one for Camp one for AA one for apprentice and one for A to Z Workshop or something.

Yeah. You know, I think I'd rather do I'd rather do rather than do just like one mailing, you know, like quarterly. I'd rather do one solid campaign where like we put together a direct mail like, you know, we put together an if the E5 like we put together a cool nailing and that becomes the first one there's a deadline on it and then there are you know to follow ups that go after that and maybe we coordinate it with one or two emails and that's it. Like and see what we can do with a complete, you know, like a complete campaign, but just put that on your list Amy and we'll we'll Circle back and talk about that. Yeah, God somebody's gonna say something.

No, just Clear My Throat. Okay. What about proof widgets on the pages Todd? You know. The ones that say like as Steve Steve from Pittsburgh just bought this two minutes ago.

I don't know. What do you what have we run? Any kind of test of the do we have any data on the time? I don't really have any data. No, I mean we've only done them usually on big bigger launches and stuff when we knew there would be a lot of momentum but most of them you can kind of hide them until there's a certain amount of data to show kind of thing.

So, Yeah, I don't really know. I I think what I do like that I am a fan of is that little widget when like you have a scarcity based offer and you could you can show like there are a hundred and thirty-five people actively on this page or you know, 643 people visited this page in the last 24 hours like something like that, but I just don't I don't know anymore. I don't know like if has that widget just become commonplace today. I don't know I'd be curious to know what others are saying about the use of that widget doesn't help or is it just more of the same now? Obviously the vendors say it helps but yeah, of course they would yeah.

I think the guy right the CEO of FTX said they were solvent and everything was great. Yeah. So God, Damien. Ah, no, that's it. That's that's all I got.

You know, I wanna I'm gonna ask you one other. Thing we'll have teddy run after Todd at I like you to shoot a video and explain, you know q1. We want to do a project clean up. Of really, you know, you know, we want our bullets to be nice. That's why that's why I meant by gun chests, right?

So you could put all your guns neatly in order and you could see exactly what's there and there's not bullets laying out on the table and all that stuff. And so taught I'd like you to create a just, you know, three to five minute video of exactly how you want infusion soft and click funnels cleaned up in terms of like every funnel has no more than four pages pages are archive, you know, what the tag structure and all that other stuff so that we can give Teddy. I wonder Teddy. Yeah Teddy is that is do you feel like that's the best way to to go or do you feel the best way to go is for you to give some initial recommendations? Because I don't know, you know, like because I might recommend certain things Damian in my mind like get rid of all these tags and we can't get rid of all the tags for whatever reason and so I'm not sure you know, yeah, I I mean there's certainly a general cleanup that needs to be done.

Very much related to tags. I mean, you know and look like the at the end of the day. The end of the day we still overtag and I only overtag because at some point Damon's gonna ask me a question that I'm gonna be like damn. I wish I tagged that so I could answer the question but the reality is 90% of the tags that we do put in place for that purpose. We never look at we never go back to we never yeah, like I I think the how do we begin to Teddy?

How do we begin to like, how do we do a spring cleaning? Like, how do we you know, how do we go in and start to look at tags that let's say are you know, they're more than 24 months old and we've never done anything with them and if we deleted them, it wouldn't change anything in our database except clean it up. Like how do we start to get rid of and I think that's a good place to really begin. How do we get rid of all the excess that we're just not using like I'd like to do the same inside of Click funnels, you know, like if like, especially, you know, like if there are campaigns that we're not using anymore. Is there a way to just archive them.

Out deleting them in Infusionsoft. Is there a way to get rid of the campaigns from that list that were just not using anymore whether they were old launches that were not you know, like where we're not deleting it but we're just it's not on the list anymore. So click funnels. Yes, you can archive everything and you don't lose it. You can restore anytime Infusionsoft.

No, once you can either unpublish the campaign, but not delete it or delete it. There's no archive or put away. That's why we have all those Z can Z named campaigns just a kind of move into the bottom of the list, but it doesn't actually so anything other than deleting the campaign like you have to delete it to remove it from that list. And then yeah and then tags there's there's tons of behavior tags. Behavior tags and history tags and the all anything it's you know anything it's action they click to this or they started that or they finished yet.

Is there a way to can can we see the you know, because we have a disgusting amount of tags like it's it's insane. Is there a way to see the tags by age like tags that are two years or older? Yeah free export and we can see when when they were created I believe and then like is there a way to it? So can we potentially say like if this tag, you know like these tags that are three years and older three years and older like the let's delete them or well we can't do that because Yeah. Hmm.

I wasn't I cussed. Yeah, as long as they're not tags that give access to something or you know, most of the customer client tags. I think we would keep but like I said anything it's Behavior or tracking related. And you know, most of those are are segment like all the eye tracker tags and all like eye tracker ones are the biggest biggest pile and then everything in the offers text. So any sequences that we'd be okay campaigns, they would be deleting.

All their all the offer tags deleted related to those campaigns could also be depleted that kind of thing. Okay? Okay. Just make it one. I'm making me something.

I'll work on for the first. Okay, I'll put together steaming I'll put together something. I'm not sure. I got a really even think through how to approach me getting the my you know, my thoughts out of my head like I got to decide whether do I just want to like this is I don't even know how to articulate what I would ideally want now I would make it super simple. What do you want to be able to segment by and what do you want to be able to get reporting on?

Yeah, it's less Teddy about it's it's for me it becomes you know. I got to think it through a little bit. I'll think it through and I'll I'll get you some very high level high level overview of kind of the stuff that the issues that I have and then maybe you'll be able to figure out the best way to go about eliminating those those issues right because I don't want like let me start there and then we'll we'll go from we'll go from there. Did you see related to this? Did you see I popped something in slack while you were away for when you when you got back that.

I think that I visited one of the e5camp.com pages and then it triggered a whole bunch of emails. And so see if you could like that's what I mean when I say like though that kind of stuff like how do we turn off campaigns that we're not using anymore? You know what I mean? Like is just turn them off stop them from firing, but let me put some stuff together on my high level. Let me let me process it and I'll get you some stuff and then we'll go from there.

Okay, I'm making notes. All right, so is everybody? I know we've been on for quite a bit is everybody good you feel good every clear what we're doing. Yeah, I mean I have one question. I wrote down a while, you know the construction process you guys were tab was actually mentioning.

Just you know, obviously the process that you guys are gonna be following to construct a bullet and so how much because that because I know obviously the other process that's that's Teddy and I right so the fire the bullet process once a bullet's been confined, obviously the proof thing process right that that that's already something to him and I are working on and we'll obviously be continuing to work on but the construction process is that something that's heavy and I are coming coming up with myself. You guys just want to make sure that there's proper ownership. But yeah, probably to another thing this is an end of year, which is I really want and this is just because I'm OCD in the way. I think I really want us to be following a board of some sort and notion setting up some sort of board and notion it like gives me anxiety on a daily basis to know that there's no board. Even if it's just for me but you know that being said something like this because it's a conversation.

Thing now, it's just like we know what we're responsible for, but it'd be nice if we put it put it up somewhere. So it's two two questions in one. So first question construction process who owns it number two is I you know, I I may not be for this call but really want us to be come 2023. I don't care how simple of a process it is, but set up a board and notion or follow the existing thing that we already have but you know Yeah, some sort of project management that were that were can all consistent with in all following. Yeah, I think let me just jump in for one second and say that I I really think and I'm not sure Damien the best way to go about putting this together.

It might be just a in the initial phase just a collaboration where the the we all have access to this one document in notion. But in my mind, I think that there are there are really two phases to putting together the bullet there's the kind of the construction of the of the bullet and then there's the qaing of the bullet and I think that I just think that it should be a checklist that we use over and over when we are setting up a bullet like so we just copy it we make a new page for the you know for this bullet that's named whatever Epp and then we go through it and in the in the construction it needs, you know, the the construct part of the construction is like, you know, these tags need to be added. At these points in these sequences these sequences need to be set up like we should have a full-blown checklist of every step that needs to be done. And then I'm not really sure the steps of qaing it. And so Teddy and Chris may be able to contribute to that like, you know, maybe, you know put put, you know, put Chris in the in the sequence fire off each of the the emails to Chris.

Make sure Chris reads them. There's no typos the formatting. I don't know but I just think I just think a simple checklist like and I think that it needs to be a bit of a collaboration because there's things that that I can add to it. There's things that Teddy's gonna be able to add to it and then when it comes to the qaing there's likely things that Chris is gonna add to it and Teddy might be able to help Chris in terms of like hey Chris and easy way to do this Q&amp;A QA is just fire the, you know, put yourself in the campaign and then fire it and here's how you do it. I don't know.

I just think that we should start with a document and just out the checklist Which which we do have right now. So Teddy and I worked on building out a checklist process in notion. That's already already good to go. So really it's a construction part that I think we would either I'd have to glean from you guys. Right since you guys are the ones in there, you know building.

Is that something Teddy maybe maybe we can piggyback on what we already built and have it in a two two step process where obviously marketing fills out the construction portion. Once that's complete that you know triggers off something for for you and I to work on the proof that portion of it. So so the one of the only issues with notion is that is that there's no real sense of dependency or you know, kind of notifying people when this is done. So now it's your time though to work on something but the other more important thing is just the the higher level conversation that we've had multiple times is, you know, we build these systems and processes whether it's in Trello or notion or click up or whatever how we build it in and then after people use it the conversation starts happening in slack like Like we just need to get everybody on board on the same page using the same process. Otherwise, it's all a waste of time.

Unfortunately, but and then also like simple going just even going back to what's up. I was just saying like with the tagging and all that stuff, like like look we could simplify these campaigns a lot like there's There's about 12 tags that are part of the bullet campaign that we probably never look at and go back and look at so if we're not going to go back and look at them, then we don't need them. Right so we're just gonna so that's the thing is like, you know, we're still building a lot of stuff out of adjusting case mentality versus this is data that we actually need to collect and we're gonna review at the end of The Campaign and if the scorecard is going to be as simple as what Damian said, like, I really don't need very many tags in a In a sequence, I don't need to tag each. Yeah, I would think Teddy that it just requires a little bit of thought in terms of like what you mentioned earlier with the portal other than that like yeah, man, I don't you know, I don't know, you know, I I would agree with you man. I think that we you know our stuff feels it often feels a little, you know, a little bloated like a little bloated like in terms of like there's a lot going on and I'm not even sure why it's going on and so it's the just in case I get asked yeah reporting question that I need to play, you know, because later on it'll be well, you know, hey, let me know what the lifetime value.

Yeah, and I think Damian. Yeah, and I think Damian that what we we need to like, you know, it's it's unfair of us to put teddy in that kind of position where he's trying to guess at what we could maybe want to know at some point in the future. Um, and I just think that we have to commit to being okay with there being a situation In where we could ask Teddy that number and Teddy has to say to us based on the tagging approach that we decided. We have no way to pull that report like and we have to be okay with our decision to not have 17 tags, but the you know, I no having just set up the the click and and conversion sequence for E5 the E5 thing while Teddy was away and I'm looking at tags and I'm like I said, he's got this tag here. I got to create it and set it up and I have no idea what it's for.

And and so yeah, I just think that we have to like We got to decide what are the tags and then live with the result and know that. Yeah, you know what it is. So so Teddy, can you do two things for me, please? This will make your life ultimately better in the end of it is number one. Send me a list of The kinds of questions we I have asked you and we have asked you a lot of them are mine.

A lot of them come from me from Todd like just asked him when over what period of time because I go back a year half ago. He's gonna add a lot last 18 months last 12 12 to 18 months. On and and then all so right I mean a lot of those were off off the cuff of I just taught and I just had a call and now we're curious about this. How about you? Tell me what you're gonna make decisions by what do you what answers do you need to make decisions on that?

That needs to come from you man, because I always feel like I know what I want to know. And then like you ask like this very deep wise question, which is like a left turn in two levels down from what I asked and so I could tell you I would be like dude here to five things. I want to know. Let's be done with it and deal with it. And I feel like you always ask something that's you know, put those five put those five numbers down.

But here's the thing. I don't even an open-ended opportunity. I might ask a ridiculous absurd Off the Wall question, right if I'm giving the freedom to but let's come up with some boundaries and then let me see if those are acceptable boundaries and then if I ask a question and you're then just tell me say Todd you agreed to these five boundaries. So therefore we don't have those numbers well, and then when that question comes up, then we'll know. Okay, that's something we when I want to try right?

Let's keep it simple. Let's keep it simple and not constantly. Let's let's keep it simple. Let's go simple. I don't believe Damian.

Over the incorrectly if I'm mistaken, but I don't believe that there was a critical number that we needed over the last six months or seven months or eight months that we couldn't get and that stopped us from being able to make a decision on something now I could be wrong, but I don't believe that there was a missing number. Okay, I'm good. Okay. Okay, so just just to recap make sure that that way correct ownership on stuff. And so it sounds like as far as the construction process.

We've narrowed it down really don't need anything specific. You guys are gonna come up with maybe a couple, you know couple bullet points of things that you need Teddy, you know, and that's as far as a tagging and then as far as a construction process who's owning the construction process that I just want to make sure that stuff gets done. You know, it's a good conversation. We all remember it now, but I think that I think that new bullet new bullets taught owns bulletifying Ione Okay, so construction process you guys are taking away. What is okay.

So so hang on so let me jump in and kind of simplify things for so here's what I'm gonna here's what I'm suggesting that we do the very first step is that let's for right now. Let's just start with a notion document. That is the let's name this notion document, um bullet, um construction and QA template. Okay, let's start there. I'm gonna do um, I'm gonna I'll be the first person to go in there and put all of the stuff that I think belongs on that checklist and it's ultimately going to be a checklist and then uh, I will let you guys know let's say I'll have it done by end of day Wednesday my contribution to that.

I'll let you guys know and then you can go in there Teddy and you can see if I missed anything in like the actual infusion soft stuff like, you know this tag or something like that and Chris you can put in the details of what qaing a done campaign would look like and let's see if ultimately what we could do is put together a checklist that ultimately let's just see I think this would be helpful for us. But let's see if we could put together a checklist that could potentially be used to train somebody right in a magical world on this is what the process is of setting up a bullet campaign and QA in it. That's ultimately the aim and so I'll set up the Page by end of day Wednesday or end of day Wednesday. I'll be done with my contribution. I'll let you guys know in the leadership channel in slack.

So that Thursday you could go in there and Teddy you could begin to add anything or tweak anything that I put in there. That was incorrect and Chris. You could add anything to the QA section. Let's start there. Awesome.

I appreciate that. That's perfect. Okay, so but just so you're clear to it. So like we you know And we did add the right way to do. It would be something like this is like Hey, we're launching a campaign.

Here's the dates. Here's the stuff that's got to be done. Here's the offers. Here's the pages in The you know, like everything kind of all in one place. Properly stored and then you know you can we can set these up so that when it's you know, hey, okay, you need to build build the main offer page.

Well, the main offer page has a checklist the bump offer has a yeah, so can we is it is it cool if we start with just a simple doc almost as a brain dump for us before we go in here. Let's start with a doc simple brain dump. Let's get it out. Right because there's gonna be stuff that's changing that's tweak that we don't need or we do need. Let's get it out and then we can we can talk about like do we want to take that and go to this proper, you know to this next level with it, but let's start with just a brain dump.

Perfect. Yeah, and today we can we can maybe just use what we already started. Now. Let's just trying to find was this and this one for emails at least. Yeah.

So for emails for instance, we already have this as a template yet. Here's the checklist of What to check and test for an email? Yeah. I really I what I what I really what I really think like so we'll start with a you know, we'll start with a we'll start with this brain dump document. But you know, we've got a like let's you know, I hate to say this.

Let's baby step it. Let's see if we could let's see how well we can get this one brain dump document done. Good God, right like let's just see if we get this done first. Make sure that we've got all the right steps on there. Like I think that that is gonna be insightful in and of itself because I think Damien Teddy you'll be able to see where the gaps are in terms of.

Hey, it would be cool if we could plug in something here in the portal blah blah. Um, and let's just start there and then once we're done with the brain dump document and we're all the all all four of us are like yes, this is good, right everything that we need is is here then we can determine what what the next step is before we go Hog Wild and and have you know, 17 different sheets to pull up to get a bullet done. Makes sense. Is that cool? Okay.

Good job everybody. Um really really excited we're doing you know, look we always we always play well, we always play hard, but I feel like we're Consistently playing smarter than we have before and I'm excited to make 20 23 even more of that just to continue doing what we're doing doing it smarter doing it better, you know staying in our lane knowing you know, hey, let's win with singles. Let's be the cow ripping here and and let's do this well and not try to you know, jump over the moon and do all these crazy things that exhaust us and and create all this the swirliness and the business and so appreciate you guys and gal. Thank you Glenda and yeah ready roll cool. All right.

Go to it guys. I'll be answering back for a little bit if anybody needs me. Yeah, I see you guys.
