---
title: "Level 10 2022-06-20 15:59:29"
date: 2022-06-20
duration: 51m
duration_seconds: 3082
vimeo_id: 722270456
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2022-06-20 15:59:29

**Date:** 2022-06-20 | **Duration:** 51m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

and all right, man, so I'm gonna show you how to use that thing since you haven't used it yet. Chris oh, yeah, I'm here. Yes. I was the the audios. Set setting that I had both.

speakers I'm Be cool. Yeah, so from here just go to go to new Lee in this case. It's leader. So you you would do the Ops one, right? But this is the leadership ones.

We're gonna do the leadership call. And just go and give it today's date. 20th to leadership a and I just full screen. Hmm and what's up and Club day? How are you good?

And everybody doing good you get home safely, Teddy. I did. Yeah home safely. to Kid Rock concerts Saturday night so interact How these days he's got to be pushing May 30s. Kid Rock he's alright.

He's like 50 isn't there? Yes 50s. Yeah, you said he was about three. He said he thought it might be his last show or his last tour because he wants to go play with his grandkids. So okay.

He wants to go hang out. What's going kids? All right, cool that I interrupt anything. No, we were just I was just gonna run this as a normal level 10 just for because Chris is gonna start using this notion template tomorrow for his calls or just make sure we're just knew how it worked and I've been using it. Even though yeah, don't let me interrupt, you know, you can go you can go with your personal professional best.

All right. Let's go out professional best last week first. Yeah. I wrote something down to literally just wrote something down for this. Hold on one second.

Can I go next? Oh sure. Yeah, appreciate. Okay. Yeah, so yeah, so personal best.

Son graduated last weeks that was a momentous achievements and any and then going out to the kid rock kind of a hybrid Father's Day slash both my wife's birthday and my daughter-in-law's birthday. We're well the week prior so it's kind of a hybrid celebration but it was good. We went out we had fun and then after the concert we went looking around for several bars that we normally go to that all closed early for whatever reason and we ended up at this real real sketchy hole in the wall kind of And we we didn't have necessarily the right skin color to be there, but we were we were very well accepted with no conflict. So it was fun. It's actually good time professional best professional best.

Just you know, just a great week at top one just reconnecting with everybody's great conversation particularly with you know, Mike vitican and Greg and Yeah, just like yeah Mike and I got really close last week, which was really cool. Just cool personal bonding. So What about what about you going to a specific professional basketball last week? Not just top one was awesome. Right?

I mean I would say getting to connect with the international members that I've never met in person like Andrea and Dev. I thought that was awesome because we've chatted only virtually and now actually being able to you know, speak with them in person and also connect with them like since I was sitting next to Dev at dinner, we got to chat a lot. So that was nice. I thought that was great because it helped me also to yeah offer more to them because now I met them in person so vertical vertical crest Yeah, I don't have anything major but I would say working with Lizzie and just be kind of reminded. I was talking with Josh bolby and just that kind of sparked this, you know kind of remember and so the fact that we had Bowlby here for x amount of years.

And now we have Lizzy who's taking this role over as you know, kind of our interim. I'm not even interim but she's becoming and this is really where the business best is she's becoming our you know in-house designer and so just working with her last week on some stuff. It was just encouraging right just to just to see again be able to raise somebody up somebody who didn't have that experience. They they came here part-time working working in support and now she's working for the agency and she's literally doing design work for us. I mean this is that's impressive, you know, I mean, you know, I think we one thing that we do exceptionally well is higher great people and I think the fact that you know, Lizzy's able to wear this many hats and do a good job at them is Estimate to us as a company and our ability to build a raise people up in these various different roles.

And so that was a huge win for me last week. I'm gonna say my big win is just the one-on-one meetings at top one. It's just very humbling and exciting, you know to have people in the room be like, hey, can I sit down with you and then to sit down and just deliver value and be able to wow them, you know, obviously we're you know, you know, we're known under Todd's brand but it's always good to see when you can add value. No 10 experiences the same thing and John does consultations, and I know Chris you've done it once or twice virtually, um, you know, just good feeling and so I want to run down a and just a public kudos to Glenda, you know couple couple bumps in the road, but went okay, hold on one second. Let me grab this real quick.

I'll be back in just a moment Talk Amongst yourself go. Yeah going I I had a good conversation with Dev to he was on Friday as I was killing time. Wait for my flight. He was kind of rebooking his we spell like an hour kind of in the bar chat and right. Yeah, I gave him a lot of good advice.

I think yeah, he's really cool and down to earth. He's so funny because you know, we were sitting at Cuba leave it together and he was like, I'm fascinated with how Americans are obsessed with ice that you drink without. Hey. Yeah and Andrea too. I didn't realize I never realized that in Europe and other countries outside of the US they never yeah, and they typically don't drink Still Water either.

Right, they drink Sparkling water sparkling response. Yes. So so he that sparked such a whole it went to a rabbit hole about how the US and the refrigeration system Damian started going down the history of their information system it and then Joe Irwin with which I didn't know this he used to work as a or he was like a I think a refrigerator salesman or something along those lines. So he didn't want nothing to do with the conversation because I guess he has like bad memory and it was giving them like some type of PTSD. It was so funny like that whole conversation just went South so but that was hilarious.

So I thought that he was really really cool. And then us can you know at the at the bar with Mike? I thought you know, that was awesome too, because the last couple of times that he's been around us. I never really got to spend anyone on one time with him like that. So he's really cool as well.

Yeah, Chris, you would have been proud Glenda. Glenda was a bar scene Trooper this week. Hey serious. Yeah, she was up past midnight several several times. Yeah Blended you already went to bed at 2:30 was up at 6:30 cuz I woke up 30 every morning and it's just like oh man.

Yeah, and we also witnessed another big win Teddy myself and Mike witnessed one of our top one members, you know Mackin and he was successful so they went back to the room with her. So Wow, I can stop taking place at top one. Oh top one. illegitimate babies being made, right right and Kyle's a party animal he was at some like yacht on Sunday because I saw his story on Instagram. He was at some other.

Party or situation that he was on a yacht. how like as far as like the the other event that was there it was there a lot of mixing between that event especially in the bar scene with top one. I mean it was I mean there were two other events that there was the financial copy, right? That's the one I'm talking about. Yeah, that one was kind of ending as we were coming in.

So like it was only like a day and a half overlap and then there was a big Insurance convention, which is where we're Kyle found his future wife. Obviously nice Kyle's leaving his house and that away baby. Mama. We're like Mama. What was that Honda?

I said more like Baby Mama because I don't think he's looking for a wife anyways. All right, can I hop back in you guys good? Yeah, and thank you for your patience. I just had to grab it. Um, so what I want to do is I want to start with a quick minor update.

Then I want to walk through a bunch of notes on top one, which I sent to going to this morning, but I want to talk about them together as a team. And then I also want to cover updates on the Suzanne project before I jump into anybody else have any topics they need or want cover? Now okay under your camera keeps going in and out or if your lens is blurry, or you're not your camera's not focus. There you are. All right.

So before I start working on the list going to how did how did the rest of the conversation go with Rachel? Um, so I told you is where we left off because that was right before she left and so I reached out to her again this morning because she told me she was gonna be with her husband. She was gonna be away this weekend with her husband to catch up. So I yeah, I'm waiting to hear back from her and see what what came out of the convo because she was very clear that her husband handles all the finances and he's kind of that gives you approval for anything. So yeah, okay.

Great. Um, so just an update on that so, you know. So Rachel great guess she is another Mastermind, but we're gonna see if you know, she absolutely loved it adored our group felt super welcome certainly fit in one million dollar Power Hour, so she'd be tremendous addition. And so hopefully she'll come through my body Matt enjoyed it loved it. People loved him fully expected.

He would not join and he did not he has a Two young kids one with special needs and so he doesn't travel a whole lot. And the kind of surprised was a was Sean Donahoe. Um, just kind of weird overall like showed up didn't didn't like left the next day didn't say goodbye to anybody like, yeah. So the whole thing was on weird definitely left a little bit of an icky feeling. I'm not really sure what's up with him, but long and short definitely for us.

We want to make sure and this is something Glenda that you're gonna be in charge of it's making sure that whenever we invite a guest We make sure they're coming for the whole experience. You know, it's one thing if they have to step out of the hall for phone call, but the whole point of us investing them in an experiences to give them the experience because that's what gets the buy-in to become a member but they're like, oh, yeah stop by for an afternoon, you know. We want to we want to be sensitive to that. and not do that and we certainly also want to start and I'm just and who invited Sean like who was who is his connection with us? I know who he is, but I just don't.

Yeah, I had mentioned him a while ago. I think Todd brought him up this time, but I did I do think so as well. It was not yeah for sure. This is weird. I mean it I don't know.

I mean be good to follow up with him right to find out why I mean, I think that's that would be really Well, here's the thing. So he cut out really early from dinner. None of us. Saw him leave didn't say goodbye dinner on night one. So that was Wednesday and then I texted him when I got back to my room and I said, oh man.

Sorry I missed Jenny to get a chance to really talk with you and he said yeah, I had to kind of early because I have a really early flight yada. So then I started kind of nudging top one. No more response after that. Right. Well, I thought that was very telling because he was communicating with me just fine when we were talking about his presentation.

We were talking about, you know other things, but when I started talking about the you know the program and joining it that he stopped responding. Yeah, wow. Hey, Teddy. I know I goofed on him. I think I goofed on him once or twice.

Do you think he was like? Had some trim, you know, I start to review things and I'm like man, you just never know what people do you think that do? You remember me goofing in a way that like might have like he might have felt like humiliated or something. I don't think so. I I think I think with him it's it's a couple things one is He you know, there's going through a divorce which you know may or may not be be in effect.

Um, but he's also got so many different businesses. and and like I think he's pretty much like where he wants to be financially. I don't think that he's necessarily looking. to grow all that much that he feels like He needs a support team to to grow. I think I think he's you know, he's he doesn't and and by the way, like I would also say like and and I like the guy personally, they're gonna on issues of a big suit super smart super talented, but in terms of You know, the the one thing that we always talk about in the group is that everybody kind of checks their ego at the door.

He's not one that's gonna check his ego anymore. right and and then to be a third Trader guy in the room would also I think the conflict so Well, I I don't know if Trader guys are necess. I mean it's that's such a huge Market. It's not the same as like having two tennis guys in the room. I mean, it's like well, we already have somebody in the financial Market Financial Market is is gigantic.

That's true. Um, you know now granted if they both had a stock trading software that's a little bit different, you know. um But you know, we'll go from there. Okay? All right.

So before I start breaking down this top one list of notes that I put together one quick note. So, uh Glenda kudos to Glenda. She asked me, you know, she kind of brought up last week and I'll bring this up. I don't think I'm saying anything she would not say but she kind of just brought it up. She was like Hey, you know wanted to talk about reporting structure because it's kind of crazy because I get things from you.

I get things from Todd and then, you know sort of then it moves back to Chris sometimes and so first of all just want to recognize you appreciate you for keeping it real and just for rather than stewing or muttering just saying hey, you know, this this is a little crazy. Is there a better way to do this? And so Glenda's just gonna report exclusively to me going forward. So she'll not be rolling up into Chris then rolling up into me which will be nice as we're just continually simplify things. And so obviously we all still work together.

She might you know, she's gonna work with Christopher fulfillment things. She might come to Chris Are any number of things like hey, someone's Billings mixed up. I need help with this it up. But in terms of the performance and management of her role, that will be me and no longer Chris so that there's not that sort of weird dangly multi-headed thing going on. So it makes sense.

Any questions on that? Easy enough. Okay, great excited to go through my top one notes. Love to hear people feedback thoughts especially from you teddy since you were there to experience. Um, so note number one.

I'm gonna go from this event to next event. So this event make sure that whenever we have guests when you confirm gas, let them know it's a three-day experience, you know, we want to make sure you're able to experience the full three days and if they go, oh, no, I could you know, I'll hop in and out on the third day, but I'm gonna leave early. I'm gonna come late. No. Just say hey, you know, we only let you know totally bites, you know, maybe two guests per experience, you know, and so we really pick it rather pick an experience where you can be here there and play all out 100% Okay.

Um Glenda, I know you're I'm assuming we don't know anything yet just yet in terms of credits for mishaps on this event. Not yet. I'm meeting with her this week. Fantastic. Yeah, so update us on that exciting here about that.

Um next note on this event. Never never want to do anything back in a room like that again without Windows shut in again. Those things are fine. If we were having like a 90 minute planning event, but for what we do where people are sitting in for hours hours you need use you need High sealings. Otherwise, I feel like you're suffocated in a box.

This event make sure to get Joel the copy of the infocast interview please this week. Yeah, we're we're talking about that now because I know that it's a huge file. So we're trying to see how we could upload it to like the Cloud Drive. He well Joe came up to me and requested if we can just upload it to the cloud. So I'm talking through that with Lizzie, see how we can.

I'll let you guys handle it gal's handle. It is almost it just gets to him. Also this event Kevin Rogers said he had a referral for us. Yep. And so just follow was that I reached out to him.

So I'm just waiting for him to let me know who like the person's contact and stuff. Yeah, and then just usual get them to fill out the top on application and then we'll schedule them with me. But again, you know, we we mentioned we really wanted to you know, really need to close one top one to to offset the cost of this month. And so getting that referral in this month would be key getting that and Rachel would be tremendous. Okay?

Yep. We'll talk a little bit about next next month next event. And so these are notes write these down I slack them to you. So you have a record of it but write them down as well Glenda when you start however, you plan the next event. I was thinking and today I'd love to hear what you think of this about since October sort of towards the end of the year.

You know, just keeping our events different but all having people. Get takeaways. I wonder if having Todd do some sort of an Epp where they actually do some physical work and planning might be beneficial. What do you think Teddy? Yeah, I don't know if October would be the time to do it.

But maybe yeah where they could that way they can meet with their teams in December and and run their teams through the process but yeah, I think there's I mean, I've got a list of stuff too that that would potentially fall under. Okay. Yeah, so so put a pin in that keep that note. So that was your plan the next experience. Um, and with that if we went with that then we would certainly want the theme to be fitting to that whether we call it, you know best year yet or something like that.

No new year, you know, we would we would feed it out like that if you decide to do that, but when we have that meeting we start planning that just keep that in mind because I just really, you know, there are people like Rachel who is you know, the first day she's like, oh, I've already told my team they're starting to implement their stuff and some people just are a little bit harder to do that and I feel like having them going home with thinking and writing done is super valuable. And so I think anytime we can do that and maybe it's a way we find it find a way to do that more going forward would be great for them. Also, you already mentioned this but just let make sure we want to make sure the next experience. We announce all the 2023 dates. Um, unless Teddy you you or Glenda see an issue Chris.

I'm not excluding you, but you weren't there. So maybe I am excluding you. Um, you can take your big boy. Um, Teddy Glenda, I think the format works. Well, I think Two and a half days with half days and you know three half day work days and I feel like this is a good format.

Does anybody disagree? Yeah, I kind of disagree. I feel I feel like the afternoon's were just completely wasted now. I don't know how they felt like maybe they did have stuff to do that. But I mean certainly I didn't see a whole lot of them.

Connecting during that time so pause for one second. Do you remember you weren't there last time but last time we did massages and wine. It was a hit everybody hung out. There were about 10 guys smoking cigars out watching the golf course there were people inside working. It was the space the space soft, excuse my French and so it was kind of like dude.

There's I'm sitting here like this. I can't even like say hi to other people without getting up and awkwardly so the space killed it. Um last time it was productive. But really more than not that it can't be better but more than anything. I'm just asking do we feel like it's the right length for an experience.

I mean, I think I'm getting at two things. Right so so whether whether that was the factor or not. The you know, I heard from a couple people that like look, you know, they they come the masterminds to get problem solved to be able to put up ideas and get feedback from the group on what their problem is. We didn't have you know, we could have allocated time to that instead of the free time. And so, you know, especially especially as more of the international people start coming over like they're there for three days.

I think they want to work this and maximize as much of that as possible. Like look, I love the networking stuff. I love the free time. and and I think the ways we try to modest, you know do networking in the past will hoking with the dating thing or whatever that doesn't necessarily work either but I'm just saying like it felt like Again, like if I even for Michael Drummond for death, you know for those guys like, you know, spend 20 hours on a plane to get here for for really four hours whatever. It is six hours worth of actual in the room time.

Well, it wasn't six hour. It was 12 days. What form remember that Michael and Paul were also meeting with people one-on-one throughout those afternoon, so there was constantly something going on. Yeah, and I'd like so there might have been stuff that I just didn't I didn't see right in the background. So I yeah have to ask them whether they felt it was valuable or not.

And so Glenda what also might be cool. I feel like you're still you have 100% valid point Teddy and I want to talk about it. But I feel like you still haven't quite answered my question but to Teddy's point, I feel like what might be really valuable especially when we have you know, John back in the room is we have me John Teddy. Um some of Todd possibly we have a call or Michael out is maybe we do that. Maybe we just put all our schedules right so they can meet.

Hey, I have a meeting with Teddy today and a meeting with John later and then tomorrow have meeting with odd and so they can have these these one-off meetings. Um, you know, I'm just, you know, my concern is that we're in you know, four hours a high power Matt, you know. Whatever you want to call it top warning and then we have a lunch and then we come back and there's like 30 people and you know, somebody's like hey, ah, I'm not sure whether I should run a vsl and like the other 40 people in the room are like, oh my goodness. I need to take a shower sit in the bed. Like I'm exhausted and they're just listening to problems that aren't related to them.

Is that not a concern Teddy? No, I mean that's that's what a mastermind is. It's great. Yeah, that's what a mastermind is, but I don't know if masterminds. I understand Master mining is valuable, but I valuable but I feel like The Mastermind experiences can be highly inefficient and Draggy, you know I'm saying we're we're someone's like talking about radio ads and everybody else is like dude.

I I doesn't even apply to my market like right, you know, and as I was talking to James about it and you know, one of the things that he said that they you know, obviously is is more of the the breakouts in into little mini Mastermind groups so that everybody can get their question answered by a few people at least, you know, so, you know recommending groups of five. They can for two hours. They can work on that groups issues within that group. The only other issue obviously, which is always been the problem is, you know, our fear of them getting bad advice from somebody that we don't agree with right? All right.

Well, so so let's let's put a note one of that. That's something we definitely want to address. Again, and the answer might just be having that. Better networking where people actually stay in the room because it's a room you want to stay in and then maybe on the other day. I have a calendar open Teddy has a calendar open John has a calendar open, you know, we have another team member representative there.

They have a calendar open and that way they can schedule two or three or even four meetings a day for one-on-one cons, you know consultation and guidance, but the question I felt like you didn't quite answer Teddy is the actual just the Lent like the over the idea that you know, so originally we were four times a year for two days. Welcome. Welcome cocktail hour and then two days and then gone at lunch on the second Ghana like whatever four clock in the second day, and now we're at two and a half days three times a year. I just wanted to see if you had any you the length the length is fine. Yeah, I didn't know.

Okay, so it's it's just too much open space in the middle. I think so. Yeah. Okay, and remember if you remember we we switched because we started getting issues where people are like oh my goodness after one day. My head's exploded already, right?

yeah, no, I think it depends on I think at the It depends on the cut. Like I didn't feel like the content this time. Was that heady that anybody and maybe that was part of it too like to me the content this time. Honestly in some respects was was a little boring just because it's stuff. I heard already like, you know, like Sean's presentation wasn't that interesting right?

Jim Bakers. I thought was valuable for people to hear but I already had heard that yeah, that's what I wanted to see presented. So I'm glad he presented it, but I'm not sure you know, how ground scattering it was for people. All right, so Glenda so let's let's take a look at that. And then with that in mind, it's always important important post event to in addition to the recordings coming out figuring out like what's a good follow-up?

Right? So if there was a presentation, you know Todd mentioned that actually is perfect. Linda Todd didn't end up doing an overview of E5. Did he? Yeah, he did.

Oh he did and around about way. Okay was that he didn't call it an overview of E5, but he did he did his typical Spiel of the E5. Flow okay, so Glenda make a decision. Whether it's one second, I'll add this to. one up virtual event So I think it's important that we have a file and Glenn if you've disagree give me push back, but otherwise, let's do it is to this week.

Obviously, you know excited. Hey recordings are coming, but then also announce that there's something to look forward to next. And so whether that is Todd wants to do a full-blown E5 presentation. for top one if he wants to do live E5 copy critiques if if they if they want to do a you know, a unique mechanism workshop with with John with a Michael Drummond, if there's one of the members who presented that they wanted to hear a deeper dive into okay. So let's let's think about that.

Sorry you think about that and then, you know bounce one or two proposals to me and Todd. And let's get that on we want to announce that this week. Because we don't want people to come back and be like, well, that was really cool. And then you go wait was that worth the thing, you know, and then you want to give him something to look forward to next right? I want to keep them looking forward.

Does that make sense? Yep, um next up. Go ahead. And I said, yeah, it makes sense. next up if if we do not have a Al whatchamacallit sorry, if we don't go with something that's about annual planning.

I like the idea of calling the next event based on a conversation that happened with uh, Dev and Glenn calling it let them hate. And just sort of about you know, being able to get into markets businesses and and not being worried all the time about what other people say and what the say or say and what all these other things are. I think it's kind of a cool thing. And I've always wanted to do some sort of a pumpkin, um, you know, kind of 80s retro Punk black shirts with white streaked out that kind of thing and so put a pin in that as well, please um Terry had an idea I thought it was a good one seeing and I don't know if you all noticed this I certainly did but did you see at the At the dinner on the second night. Just how much talking and how much commodity camaraderie there was.

I just felt like more than any other experience. I felt like we really saw people like like they're really was even higher level that family experience. And so Teddy had suggested. Hey, maybe we should do, you know bowling next time? Usually I think where our group has been I'm kind of like you that could go people could just be like on bowling.

You know, can I send you a slack like, you know slack message, but I feel like now people are starting to connect more. So I think doing something like bowling or Top Golf is worth considering Um again, I'm not saying we have to do it stops saying it's a must but I think it's worth considering okay. the other thing I suggested to Glenda afterwards too was you know, if there's and obviously the group is a very mixed bag, but I would say there was probably probably about 10 people that probably would have stayed out and enjoyed that restaurant District area after dinner. And there's another 20 that wanted to go back to the hotel and go to sleep. So like some way to accommodate transportation for those that want to hey, you know, there's one shuttle going back now, maybe another shuttle at midnight.

Yeah, I think that's a great idea Glenda. That's a great idea. And Teddy obviously would be our evening concierge. I don't know Glenn Glenda held Glenda kept up with me this week. So good job.

Um and and do it, you know, but that requires then also going to a place like that like I mean, look most Orlando there's most of Orlando is in walking distance of a million other things, right? Um, so so obviously that's you know, one of the one of the benefits of humor Orlando But yeah, I think either bowling or Topgolf, you know, we have a lot of golfers in the group. I've heard of Topgolf is a lot of fun even if you don't golf. Um, and so let's consider both of those. Okay.

Um next guest we talked about having Anthony giannola's out we talked about getting Kelly Felix out. And so just keep that in mind, you know special people that are that are the kind of people we want to talk on they book pretty far out. And so the sooner we could book up guests the better, okay. So a couple things on guests though. So number one, I would say.

You know making we need to establish like what are the criteria that's going to make them most likely to join obviously can afford it aren't in a group are are afraid to travel several times, you know, like kind of figuring that stuff out. But so that's from the sales side. There's that but more importantly I feel it was completely wrong for guests to win Awards. Like like Kevin Rogers like really wanted that million dollar Power Hour. Yeah.

Yeah, so that that's an interesting point on. This came up with him. This this is actually came up like I think a year and a half two years ago. And I remember Glenda and Kat when she just with us like had this very, I don't know if you remember this one. I'm pretty sure you were there it was you.

Okay took this like staunch like the winner is the winner. Like we can't start, you know, do you know when the people voted we don't listen to that, you know, and so we end up with this situation where it's like, okay. Well if they're not participating in the experience, they're not really getting a tape, right if Rachel participates in the million dollar power. I'm like Hey, we're gonna go for our favorite million dollar power. Just you know, we're not gonna vote for Rachel because she's not you know, like that's weird her meaning and not being a member yet is weird, but and then having her not participated at all.

Detracts from the group because they don't get to learn something from somebody fresh and it attracts from her. So I'm not sure what I agree with you. 1,000% I was like great the two awards are going home with people who may not actually be talking about members, right? They still want awards from our group, but I'm not sure what the answer is. Everyone's delicious.

I'm kidding everyone gets a trophy. Do you have any solutions Teddy now? Unfortunately, no, I mean that was the other part. I was dealing with like like yeah, I mean like Rachel could like look she deserved a way and she her stuff was valuable, but I could just tell like if it was me and I you know, and I was in Kent, you know, Kevin didn't say anything to me. I'm just saying like it was me and I was in those shoes and I you know paid the money.

I'm here all the time been here for a while. Finally, you know had something I thought could win me that coveted trophy that he's wanting. You know, he just yeah, but I I would I would look at it. Honestly if I was compared I'd be like wow so somebody who's a stranger. Still gave a presentation that everybody who I know like more than what I share.

Yeah. No, I mean there's a lot, you know, like that's the reality situation. If they voted for stranger over Kevin, they were neck and neck. I will say that Rachel only had like three more votes and Kevin and it was in them too. However, the way I see it and I understand I get the point as well Teddy, but they voted for her themselves like the members themselves right now.

I get it they loved her they loved her and they loved Matt like it would like everybody out of the water. Yeah. Yeah, it's tough. I don't know again could be me so don't take it with a grand salt, but just something to consider. Yeah.

Yeah. Um, all right. Yeah, and I think the other thing with guests that's important. I just thought about this splenda. For example, you know, Joe McCall, I would not invite Joe McCall's a guests because even though he joined up, Clearly his schedule doesn't allow him.

Like right the odds have been going once is like a crap shoot clearly. He's not gonna join. Because he just doesn't you know, I knew Matt was gonna join but I wanted Matt to come just because I knew we would add value to the group. He's a friend. It's a great relationship.

He's done stuff for Teddy. He's hooked us up with stuff and so he was there just because I knew he'd be a great addition to the room and and all that other stuff but in general we just need to be aware that if it's somebody who's like, yeah, I could come as a guest like 12 months from now. It's like, okay clearly this person either doesn't travel or doesn't have a schedule that allows them to travel. So there are the likelihood of them joining this extremely low. Yeah, okay, um next event.

I think Wireless irregardless is irregardless a word Chris. I like that you asked me. Um, I think it's a word. Does that helping you to bring some value to the group here Chris and somebody yeah it is. It is a officially a word now irregardless.

Okay, so irregardless of the theme I think that it would be tremendous value to the group for me to share about net profitability and the stuff that Chris and I have worked on how we restructured the financial reports how we thought about expensive and all that other stuff. on next experience Um, you know, and so I could do that preso next event. It might be good to switch it up. I know we've been hitting a lot of Latin stuff lately is we did more Moto once which was which was solid but also it seems like there's there's definitely a lot of people who like sushi and sushi restaurants often. I have different stuff.

So just something to throw around that for our off campus. Maybe we do something like that. That's Steakhouse in the hotel can't fit us because we've never done. Yeah, the steak. What do you mean economy?

I don't know about the Asian one that it is. It's called Mikado Mikado. Yeah, I'm not sure I would have no we thought we've done we did Macado one year. I don't think you were here at Buna but we did Macado one year that that certainly might be an option just to do Mikado. Yeah, because if we do something else offsite like Topgolf or bowling or something right down keep the in-house Hotel things simpler and we could just do Mikado.

So all right. Okay, just keep it in mind. Um. And those that's the end of my top one notes, Teddy or grounded. Did you have any questions or Actually, you have something to add in regard to top one for next time and I just I don't want to forget so bowlby's just got a new job.

And so if you guys have a moment to send them a message congratulate them that also means I just talked to him this weekend. That means that he is no longer gonna be helping us out with events. So as we're planning for the next top one event just be mindful of that. So he just wanted a lot. Let me know.

Hey, I'm gonna have no room for for extra stuff. So Got it. Okay. Um, all right kinda any any other thoughts about the event either questions or ideas that came out of the experience. um No, I mean, I think we covered most of the stuff that I was thinking about.

Yeah, nothing is nothing else is coming to mind right now other than obviously the events face and we already have hawks just so you all know. We have Hawks already secured for October. So definitely won't be in anywhere in that dungeon area like Damian called it again. oh, when can when can we discuss the the dates because I kind of want to lock those in and let me send me a proposal with with two dates for each month. I think we stick with the format we've had on Wednesday Thursday Friday seems to be good.

Yeah, I agree. The only thing I wanted to change as possibly them like the the summer months. I think June at that hotel is extremely busy. um, so not sure did you guys feel like everything was normal or you know, it was a cluster and I thought the food quite the food quality. Honestly there ever since covid is continued to continually drop down.

Just the overall. I don't know. I thought it was I I know you're the foodie but I thought it was all delicious and so did most yeah, I'm sorry teddy with all love. You don't know what you're talking about. Now.

The only thing I thought was underwhelming was what inner yeah that to me. I was like how in the world is this even? You know considered like Gourmet or anything like that. So that's the only thing that I was underwhelmed about everything else. I thought was really good.

Especially my favorite is the Asian lunch that we always have so right Yeah, so that's it. I was thinking instead of June. Maybe we could do July because it's less, you know, because June is like we don't need to discuss. It. Just send me your proposal.

Well, I want to find out from you if that would be okay because we would have like four months in between it's almost I mean that's always what we're gonna look at is making sure okay. Well if we're gonna meet in July then maybe push back February a little bit further, you know, so we want to just try to keep the space between meetings relatively equal. We don't want to five month break or anything like that. So as long as you're doing that just Okay, okay any other questions or or thoughts? Only other thing I would say would be for for international people like inviting them to come in a day early.

Just so they can get. Adjusted, you know, like I saw or Michael was like, you know fall asleep in the afternoon practically just from the time zone changes and and all that all I mean that was fine. So yeah, that might have been not the best planning on Michael because I know like Deb Andre and Paulo all got in early. Mhm. Usually they all do anytime International full time.

They always get there like Sunday or Monday. Yeah and Michael, you know, it wasn't his thought that his flight got canceled. So that's another yeah. That was a bummer for him. Yeah.

I felt bad for him. Okay, so any other thoughts or feelings enough experience technique that you want to share? No, overall I felt it was like I said, you know really good. Oh like went fairly smooth just didn't feel I didn't feel it as impactful as previous ones. And I think you have to remember Teddy.

You've been going to these experiences for four years. Right? Right. Yeah, that's actually yeah and compared to the bathrooms. But I mean what I mean just not that you're just comparing it.

But you've heard from so many people you've been in that, you know, so at some point. I mean, you know, it's not gonna seem as fresh as new, you know what I'm saying? But I mean, I still had some good eyes definitely for for sure. And like I said, I had some good connection but what I'm saying is like And I think maybe it's on maybe again. It's back to the networking side like You know like there were no there wasn't a lot of us hanging out at night at the bar together.

Yeah as they're usually was and they could have been off in other groups, too. I don't know like I know there was a cigar group going on kind of thing that we weren't part of. mmm But yeah, I don't know just felt like something was missing this time around. Yeah. Yeah, and like I said, I 100,000% attribute that to the location of the room.

Because it's also you know, like because Hawks Landing is by everything you tend to linger and that's like off by the FedEx store. I don't know where the heck we were it just sort of it doesn't lend itself towards let's keep the the Mojo going. You know what I'm saying? um, and so yeah, just let them know they ruin this experience Glenda and you're gonna be terminated if you did and the contract and we're never gonna do business with them again, unless they give us a big fat ridiculous whopping concession and And remember, what's the thing? No matter what?

They say no matter what the concession is, right? We're gonna role play fun. We're gonna see how you remember guys coaching. Um, so Ohana we're so sorry. We're gonna give you a 20% discount off of this experience.

And also on your next one. We're going to give you a $5,000 credit. Okay. What else can you do? No, no, what else?

Can you do you say that's it? Good what else he told me the one time? Yeah. It's alright, really? All right, guys.

So I'm gonna bounce but listen. Uh, let's Glenda I'm gonna call you separately. And then Chris I'm gonna call you separately to talk about this Suzanne stuff. Okay. Okay, we're good.

Yeah. Okay. Well, what's up with the infocast? Nothing waiting on Todd. Oh, that was what's off wanted to say, please all be on standby because he said probably later today.

There'll be some stuff we need with fast turnaround. Okay. Okay. We need to we need to pull some stuff through this month to to keep this month in the block. All right.

See you later. All right.
