---
title: "Level 10 2023-04-24 15:28:22"
date: 2023-04-24
duration: 32m
duration_seconds: 1964
vimeo_id: 820579284
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-04-24 15:28:22

**Date:** 2023-04-24 | **Duration:** 32m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, man? Hey man. Yeah start. Sorry about that. That's definitely my fault.

I I dropped the ball on it. And yeah, that's okay. Let me just yeah, let me know the solution on it. Okay. yeah, and Yeah, you know obviously we're transitioning over to notion.

And so I just started i i instead of doing the slack Loop that I used to do, which is I come through slack make sure I'm not missing anything. I stopped doing that and I started just going solely to notion. And so that was you know, obviously a gap. I think that I think the biggest faux paw was just that you filmed it up. It's not like you just missed it.

You know what I'm saying? Well, it's because I saw it and I couldn't address it in that moment. And I like I don't want you to have something that sits and you just say hey, but you should use the thumbs up to be like, let me just send an emoji to make somebody feel good. Right a thumbs up. You know Johnny, it's all it was was I was acknowledging like I saw your message, but I didn't do my normal home through.

Okay. What did I make? Okay, did I get this? No, I didn't look look where you say. It's my fault.

Nonetheless up what? Yeah, just you know, obviously we're we're using notion. Um, and that's fine. But we're we're not an ocean company. We're a slack company, right?

We're doing our best to put projects in tasks and to notion. We've made a huge shift with that, but we're a slack company. So always don't I would not back off of Keeping slack on lockdown, you know? Yeah. No, you're you're spot on.

Yeah, so can't argue that. Hey about not the unit, but about the game plan. Let me talk with Alex. The only tricky thing will be the car. Because she's now doing instacart and so I just need to find out what she has planned with that and all which is the oh she's driving for instance the car.

Yes driving friends car. So she's I did not know that because you've got saying Oh, Alex is busy doing instacart. I was like, okay, I guess she's like ordering some groceries. Like I didn't understand that. She was dropping stuff off.

That was very very unclear. You're like, yeah, man, if you guys are doing your budget one thing I'd encourage you is to stop buying stuff on instacart. Yeah. Okay. No, she's she's driving for instacart.

So she yeah, she's gonna be doing that in Phoenix. But right now you basically have to you have to have X amount of deliveries on your belt before you can start doing two deliveries at once right now just like getting the experience points, whatever you call it. And then when we get to Phoenix, it'll be a lot easier for her to like do two and one deliveries and stuff like that, but she's she's doing that and then I'll find out about soccer. Practice and all that kind of stuff. Yeah, we'll just let me if you can let me know rather sooner rather than later.

I will yeah, I've just been in here I'm gonna talk, you know, whatever whatever's good for you. I know you got a lot going on, right? Well, I wanted you both so we have to put do both on the books. I just gonna figure out which one we can do for this week or the day and time for you. It's Wednesday through the weekend right that you can't do.

Correct. I mean Sunday I could after church. But Sunday could be an option actually. Um well, I was gonna say by the way, I Bridges very excited that you're moving to Phoenix. So he wants it he wants he said to make sure to let you know I'd like to say hi and see when you're on Phoenix.

So are you serious? Yeah, I didn't know that you still talk to Bridger. Yeah, and that's just me once in a while. He's doing real. Well, he's like, oh man, he's like Chris.

He's like what he describe he described you as a Yes, that's he is some funny bridgerism. we're talking about using and he said this will dictate where we meet up. where that message go Oh, he described you as he's a badass integrator. Nice. Okay.

Hey guys. Yeah, his mom is actually I think I forgot what his mom does but she's super smart. He's like, oh he's like actually my mom lives all about like mold stuff and he's like, you know, she has a protocol and really yeah. So yeah, he's good too. He told me Um, he also said that you know, he's been walking with the Lord really strong the last couple months.

So be good for you to catch up on them. I did not know that that's it. No last time we talked to he was starting like a male escort service or something, you know? Yeah. No.

No, he's not. He's not in a dating it. She actually said he's he's stopped dating for the last five months and it's just been focusing on his walk with the Lord. And so yeah, so the Good Feet to catch up and he's you know, this is he said he's business is on track to do something like five six million this year and so Wow, yeah in the fitness space. dude, I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have to Say I mean now he said I was a badass integrator.

So I mean you start off like that. I mean he's walking with the Lord now now definitely all right. Be nice to meet somebody in Phoenix, right? Yeah would be yeah, I only know. Oh, I know one guy out there.

Actually a guy that I have known for a pretty long time. We we every once in a while chat we've kept up talking and Yeah, cool guys. I know at least one person out there. I don't know. I mean not something I'm super close with, you know, it's just you know, somebody I could have coffee with every once in a while type it all true dude.

I have a perfect guy you're gonna meet in Phoenix. I can see what you like. Is it a joke? I can see here. No, okay.

So my buddy matte lights, you might not right. I don't know what lights are builders. Which one? Oh, there's not like no. I haven't met him.

Really good guy. He met us out at the AI Summit. He lives in Phoenix. Um, Which you know, he's a nice guy to me, but he's pretty busy but his his right hand guy his Cielo. / I guess he's director of obsession.

Oh, there's a guy named Jeff who I work with over a clever investor. He's a Believer really nice guy. And really sharp too like really just a good good dude and knows the business. Well, he'd be a great guy to just catch up with and really just nice as nice as apple pie. Yeah, please.

Yes, send me his info. I'd love to know when you're out. When you're cool, I'll be great. It seems to go folks aren't are in Phoenix that I've you know, Phoenix they're big areas. Yeah.

How are you Tony? I'm good, man. Oh. Did you get it? Did you get it Ted Nugent album collection?

I did not I I set my limit. It went over my limit. I went over my limit and then it went over my limits limit and I walked away. So I'm oh that that unit. Yeah, no Furrow.

No sword. No Bullpen. No Ted Nugent album for me. Not this week. So how much did he go up to because I'm it went up to 9k, oh Jesus.

geez, did you ever stick around with the guy that bought it to see if it was worth the 9k like and so it's that mystery of like, what would I have gotten if I had if I had did it I would like to I would like to All right, so so I wasn't. Is Mrs. G jumping on? no, no, she's got she's a she's underwater right now with June. So June's not doing well.

He's got he's going in for surgery this week. I don't know if they're doing the surgery on the shoulder or the hernia this week, but he's kind of She said she's was a full-time nurse last week. Actually, he's pretty banged up. So it's keep our prayer Reach Out. This is Jay.

She's not that old. But this is Mrs. Gary from all that I call our Mrs. G between between us. So yeah, you also call your wife old lady apparently have quite a way quite a way with the women.

Yeah. It works. I mean she's still around, right? Fair enough. Alright, so let's give it up there on a handful of things happening.

um So as you know last week, we did John's AI offer looks like it'll finish around somewhere on 85 than 95 units. There were originally was an upsell on there to just take 45 days of agency. Work for 2500 dollars was not converting and it was a pretty big jump from an info product. Like hey, let us run your media and so switch to a paid consult. Um that is converting which is good.

It's got a handful of those going through and so they offered it pretty good good enough for a low ticket. Um, would you say it's a single Oh single hit the mark brought in the revenue. We needed it to bring in. So, yeah, so that's that's good. the this week, so I'd like to start tomorrow.

on bot builders and so I tweaked I actually took the copy. I I got an argument with chat GPT because it was really upsetting man. I was our Dude I kept giving it I was like trying to train it. I wanted to take the swipes and just kind of revoice them and Todd's voice and I was like I was like, hey, I'm gonna give you some some emails written by Todd Brown. I want you to just observe how it is writing style is like, do you understand?

Yes, and I sent him an email and then chat GPD is like here's a Rewritten version. I was like dude, I did not tell you to rewrite it. He's like sorry and I'm like, okay, I'm gonna do it again. I was like do not do anything. Do you understand?

It's like yes, and then I said that he's like I have received the emails. He was like a shame ashamed dog in the corner. Like he didn't want to say anything else. He was like, he's like, yes, I have received confirm. So how to put chat cheapest place.

But anyways, so we have the emails are the numbers. It'll be interesting. You know, we talked about this we made a very strategic as well. Not only it is decision to say Hey, you know, yes, this is another AI offer but it's all anybody's talking about and it's also from a different angle. We had an offer about copyright and we had one about media.

This is an AI offer. That is about building a business using AI. It's a bit different. That's a great marketer and the numbers have been really good Todd. Did a recorded an intro outro with those guys the emails are not wired up in the bullet have those been audited.

No, okay. Yeah, so those emails should be audited today and then let's stop start them tomorrow. Am I correct that everybody should be pretty much by tomorrow everybody but pretty much should be through John's campaign. Yeah, pretty much about the second chance on the Second Chance on the the upsell, but other than that, okay good. Um and then next week.

Yeah good. So you guys will audit that then we'll drop those in. Um Teddy I asked Teddy and he did a good job pulling some good data. I'm not sure of the decision yet, but still want to think through a little bit our day one day two day three, it definitely seems like this pretty strong data although you could Make some circumstantial arguments against it that you know about 75 to 85% of our sales come from the first two days of emails and so it might there might be a case that we want to start testing due to date click sequences. I don't want to mess with it during an external promo or during a top one thing next week, which I'll explain in a second.

but just putting it on the radar that maybe when we get to the The copyboarding long form sales letter that we do maybe we do that. Maybe we try it with a two-day click sequence. And again, that'll just keep the list a little bit fresher potentially also make more room. If we do it a two-day click sequence either do content really what I'm throwing around on my mind and Chris just keep this in the back of your head is possibly shortening the clip sequences and adding content in but having a very soft call to action to some other bullet in the content. Right, so you might just be a good it might be a contextual ad.

Um So is it so it's kind of a just to kind of break it up a bit. Is it break it up? Yeah, just add value to the list. But I think that look when people are reading an email and going I really like these guys like I think you should always give them a chance to do something. But I'm not talking about doing thinly guys content which is really just a promotional email.

I'm talking about impure content value driven email that at the bottom says hey, by the way, if you're struggling with headlines or hey, by the way, if you're not sure what to do with your aov, here's a resource, you might find helpful and they click and then they get dropped into a bullet. On the short shorten have some sort of option maybe in between that three day sequence. So if we shorten three days maybe to two days. Yeah Point drop in a Content like obviously value. I think it could be two birds one stone, right?

It could add could add value to the list and good that's an additional marginal sales. Um, we want to do we want to test out just dropping it down to two days and see if that has so we're not doing two different tests and I think the test the test are independent because we're not gonna know the attrition on the list for a month or two. It's not like the cost. It's gonna hit the fear with the promo. But so we'll deal with it.

It's a week or two away, but the reason I mentioned it to you is because I really want to start being smarter leveraging AI tools and so there's no reason in the in God's holy green and blue Earth that we can't do AI content from Todd right whether that is I mean if we don't even want to do AI we could just you could just dig up great content emails that he wrote from a year and a half two years ago when he did like a year or two of newsletter content and just make sure it doesn't reference anything like the Stanley's, you know, the Rangers won the Stanley copper. My daughter just turned 15. I said to order my kids always say like what do you say daughter my daughter my daughter? That's he my my daughter right or you could do things. Like look at copy calls right get copy calls transcribed pull out one or two nuggets drop it into AI boom have it say hey, I want to 500 word email summarizes these three teaching points, you know, maybe come up with a format like hey, there should always be three points and then a golden nugget or a proverb at the end of it.

Right, like it's a chance to use some tools add some value and do something smart. Okay, so I'm just telling you now so that when I bring it up you're not like whoa. Yeah, no and total side side note, but it reminded me of this which is I mean should we? It should we be having chat GPT like right blog articles on our on our site as a separate thing. Just just a hundred percent.

I posted this in the in the AI conversation. We're having that like All these things that were like dude it's amazing like okay, but so amazing like let's see it do something valuable for the business that we've been building and working on that pays all the bills for the last eight years. Like, you know, let's have a you know, if it's like man you can actually create a Content. Well, that's create a Content Empire then let's figure out how to leverage strategypt have it put out, you know, three YouTube videos a day or tweets five this six this seven blogs and let's blanket the internet and see if it actually works and it actually moves a needle. So the answer is yes.

um with that with that being said, could we Yeah, actually, okay. Yeah, that's good there. I'm just just saying on that note since we just went down this Trail. I intercom which you guys are both familiar with intercom is rolling out a chat GPT for bot. They haven't rolled it out yet.

I'm on the waiting list right now, but it looks pretty freaking amazing spot to do what so so the so the bot would be a customer support agent. And what you would do is you'd set up you still have to set up basically knowledge base right giant giant giant knowledge base but able to pull from that now I don't think it's gonna obviously replace human human contact but after hours and while it's getting smarter, it could reduce, you know, the time spent on tickets. So quick questions, like hey, you know, how much do I owe on this blank blank watching it couldn't do that because from but it can pull from sales for so I think we are getting getting to a point where It may integrate with something like Infusionsoft to be able to pull pull data from there. Now. I don't know.

I don't know what legally it'd be a lot of poll. But even if we just use it for a knowledge base for just simple things like hey, what what's the difference between E5 camp and this like the girls wouldn't have to answer that chat GPT. I mean look if you can come up. I mean, what I would probably do is just look at the you know top 50 or 100 most commonly asked questions and tickets and see how much of that you can build into a knowledge base. That would get served through a semi-smart AI bot don't even have to build a knowledge base.

You just have to create one video answering All Those Questions feed it that video or audio. You can take it from an it could take it from an audio. Sure. wow, nothing It's pretty cool. Yeah, I mean the reality is the because the the other one that I was looking at which is which is nice because it's already it already leverages all so when we built the E5 coaching portal all of that content was uploaded to search e so that remember all the videos are searchable like you jump to the timestamp well, so so searching now has a bot as well.

Based on GPT that is already leveraging all of that information that's already been uploaded to search engine transcribe. So basically the whole E5 coaching basically all of our stuff E5 coaching's in there copy calls are in there. A lot of our workshops are in there. So basically everything we've created content wise there's now technically a chat but for it and I play with it a little bit and it's, you know, barely smart enough to be able you know, you ask it like what a unique mechanism is, it'll give you a coherent answer and more importantly it'll show you the videos where that was talked about. Yeah.

So so I think that that's pretty neat like why let's figure out let's give it a cool name. Let's call it AI Todd and and why wouldn't we release it to our top one members and just say hey, it's just a value add something more experiment with it. Take a ride. Let us know what you think. You could start having a I taught as you're you're marketing buddy with you, you know, yeah.

I'm just waiting to find out what the pricing is because it's not part of search. I don't have you what's up? That's a really good idea Damian. Just testing that out. I like the idea of kind of, you know, Todd in your pocket, you know.

That yeah, but just I just on a higher level though. I am curious because you know you were you were fairly convinced. Otherwise, what changed? Yeah, I mean it was really just sitting down with Todd and just kind of talking through like okay like this hypothetical like man we could do this we could do this and it's like, okay. Well why you know the business that we've built in the market that we know and the prospects we have to work with and the products that already built like let's focus on actually figuring out like can we actually do the things we think we can do with those tools rather than just saying let's let's create some hypothetical opportunity with some hypothetical tools.

We've haven't actually used and got results with like, yeah. Like let's let's do that. Let's see what happens, you know, if we sit here in my life, holy cow. We're all sitting back to doing our thumbs because we've got AI to run this whole business and it's doing as well if not better and now nobody has anything to do. It's like okay that says a lot.

You know. so It this is you know, because I know we were talking about you know, yeah. Oh, can I pull back to the promotional calendar course before we run off because I was on a yeah. I want to we got a lot. We got a lot of balls in there.

So we got AI John finishing up we have ai promotion chatbot, which I tweak the copy to have it be more like about using chat box and leveraging chat box with AI then just being like it's an AI prompt thing. So coming from a different angle that needs to be audited and then next week. This is the other thing I want to tell you about. So Paul and I have been talking we talked about this on the calendar about having a top one promo week and we're like, well, we could potentially promote a drop in the top one. What we decided to do was to do a breakthrough in a day.

And so it's a hey if you're doing about one to three million bucks. We're going to help you shot with a glass ceiling and a single day. We're going to look at these strategic parts of your business, which I laid out in the video yada yada yada want, you know, the goal is, you know, really want to sell it out. I think if we could sell it out and be fantastic only charging three KSC doing a end of day 25x Roi meaning at the end of the day. You don't feel like we've given you value Direction insight and direct plans that will get you 25x or Roi.

Let me know and I'll write your refund and I'll pay for your airfare and hotel up to a thousand bucks. We used to do that with our intensive day. Nobody ever took us up on it ever. And so the goal is to get you know, 10 businesses in there that are top one candidates generate 30k that pays for the mansion and pays for the event. And then if we can generate a couple clients from it top on clients, that would be a potential scalable model that we can, you know do once a quarter and have an experience like that.

What would that be? It's going to be the day before top one starts. So it'll be that Tuesday. I thought that Tuesday is the copy what you are correct, but that's in the fall. Oh, yeah, this is summer.

Um, and really where that where this came from was that it came from two things number one. seeing that a lot of our top one members who have been the most eager to join and have seen the best results are the people that are in that one to three million dollar Mark and they're kind of stuck and it's something that I've seen over and over again that you know the set of skills that get you to a million are very different that than the set of skills needed to build a multimillion Dollar business and most people don't realize that and so they keep trying to rerun the place that got into a million box and they just end up spending their wheels and so Um, so yeah, I'll give more details once we get closer on how we execute on it. Paul will be taking responsibility for that campaign the way we're gonna run that campaign is we're gonna run it like a plf. Our product launch formula Jeff Walker launch style. And so we're gonna have a he's taking the flag presentation of like the eight things.

He seen top one businesses missed the mark on over years of Consulting with them. He's turning that into a report we'll send probably to three emails at most of the list, um talking about that report and then out of that list till then run a plf. So once that once people have opted into if they have an option to that list, they'll be back in general population and then Paul will work that list for I think about a week into a court close off of that product. Okay, and actually on that because he reached out to me about getting a transcribed and turn into a report. What should I talk with him as far as format and what it should look like and and this project.

Okay marketing for top one. You know, I came up with the idea the strategy the offer. I want him to execute it on. I told them I messaged him. I really like us to run just a simple postcard with a QR code that drops them into the campaign.

um And so hopefully I don't know. I know he deals with some other clients up early in the day. So we connect with them, but I'd like to get that out just to get some additional people into that campaign, but that will leave room on the back half of next week. And so maybe we'll run count down here. We'll see I got to get in touch with Todd and see if Todd.

I really like to run content hero to our bullet Workshop buyers before we run into anybody else just to see if it converts and maybe that doesn't doesn't matter since the numbers look good, but I feel better promoting it once and then promoting it to the whole list. And so It um, yeah. Okay. Keep going. Sorry.

I just have a arm. Any questions on all that? No. Okay, um. And that's it.

Glenda starting to plan for top one crazy as it sounds for less than 60 days out from our next top one. Um, you know, Teddy by the way, so I sent. Oh, thank you. Thank you. So I sent videos there's about five or six people kind of my top one pipeline.

So I sent videos video messages to all of them just saying, hey, we're doing this thing. It's gonna go out to our list next week. It's only 10 spots and I imagine They're Gonna Fill up pretty quickly because there's a 25xr washer was to let you know before I put it out to the whole list. Would you like a spot? So I'm trying to see if I can pull a couple people through so if you have those one or two people and you want to close them now like close them down.

And that would be all that much better for us to open up and have the page already say two spots are gone. It was sherrog Patel on your list. I see the tennis guy. Yeah. No, he wasn't he was on he was on my coaching call.

That's true you profits last week and said he might be interested. Yeah, so I would like, you know, I mean sell it sell it and Pitch it anyway you want but it's like dude. It's it's actually I'll send you the BSL. That's even better. Hold on.

So I I was laying in bed. So today you're telling us. What's up? No, I just I've talked to a couple people. I talked to there's a girl I met in Vegas lives in Orlando.

Who is potentially interested? as multi-million dollar business and then there's that shrug's been interested in top one for for a while. He ended up he ended up actually joining war room or Brian's other Mastermind, but that's coming to an end. He said it's just about done problem for him is just getting getting over here to events. But he said he was coming to the states in late may already anyways, so I my workout yeah, so you can I'll send you both the link to this.

Yeah, so you could watch this. Okay. Yeah, so you can watch and you can see how I pitch it. All thought it was pretty fantastic. He said he wanted to run around Staten Island screaming and telling people about it.

So so it's compelling. So, all right, cool. Um anything else anybody needs? um Okay. All right, I'm gonna bounce I'll see you guys all online and in notion and in slack and we'll go from there.

All right, so, right.
