---
title: "Level 10 2023-11-13 16:29:54"
date: 2023-11-13
duration: 21m
duration_seconds: 1262
vimeo_id: 884057899
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-11-13 16:29:54

**Date:** 2023-11-13 | **Duration:** 21m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

It's up. Glenda can't hear you. I didn't realize I was muted. Sorry. How you doing?

I'm super fantastic. Awesome. What's up, Chris? Good morning. Hey buddy.

Oh man. Look at the new gear. Top one. Come on. All right.

Yep. Little jelly, but all good. You jelly? It's nineties, you know? Yes.

Uh, Uh. How are you, Chris? Good. Good. I don't know how you don't have a top one hat on.

That's kind of messed up. Yeah, the top one hat. I never got one that fit. Um, it was my head. My head was too big.

Uh, for the, yeah. I'm not blaming, I'm not blaming Glenda. I'm blaming, blaming, blaming your head. My head. Yeah.

Um, all right. Be there in a minute. Teddy's coming in a minute. Um, Oh, hold on. Lemme see the back.

Oh, that's cool. Yeah. Okay. Were you modeling it in the back? He was.

It looks good. Yeah. It's actually one of my, Probably my, I'm, I'm really dizzy now. I have no ability to keep my orientation one spinning When you work you up every time we're gonna, we're gonna increase. It's just a little bit Right.

Every week. So we're ready. We're, we're here for gains. We're here for gains. Okay.

I, I, uh, I decided, by the way, I was, I was almost gonna go out for one last bow yesterday, and I decided I'm gonna save my energy and my focus for opening day. I was just like, I could feel myself starting to wear myself out, you know? Yeah. And so, uh, but I've been watching the camera and so, uh, yeah, hopefully it's, uh, hopefully it's a good one. I think it will be.

Yeah. I mean, I, I, especially with, with rifle, just 'cause you could shoot in such a far range. I mean, I don't know. I don't know if I've had a, i, I don't know, in the last four or five times I've gone there that I haven't at least had a sighting. And usually with a rifle, with a scope, you have a sighting.

You, you probably have a shot, you know? So Yeah, for Sure. Four. Sure. So we'll see.

So, uh, so Teddy's gonna get here in a second. I just kind of wanted to briefly talk about the bullet we have coming up. Uh, but let's talk about anything else, anything else that you need, we're fulfilling on the handful of swipe files. Todd's gonna probably come up with, again, Todd is gonna be, the idea is we're gonna message these copy leads separately, uh, in the hopes that we can sell them some copy stuff and do right by the partners and generate some additional revenue for them. Uh, and in the meantime, the rest of the list, we'll just continue with our regular bullet strategy, which I updated our calendar accordingly.

And so, good morning, Teddy Morning. Sorry. Um, and so first of all, in terms of the wrap up of the Legends promo, any questions, concerns or otherwise? Uh, yeah, so I had, well you said we were not gonna mail them to the bullets 'cause Todd was gonna keep promoting to them and he posted in leadership that, uh, to make sure that affiliates would get commission on whatever else he's promoting. But I need to know like what a, what that percentage is and he's gotta make sure that he runs it through the same funnel or the affiliate tracking will get all Yeah, I'll, I'll let him know that right now.

I mean, I, I posted it in there. He just didn't respond. So it was, So, so you're saying affiliates did promote, obviously for co copy legends, we got to pay commissions on that. W we needed know percentage and then you're, uh, pass that by me so that I can pay them out. It Wasn't a lot.

It was like, I think Benson had, Benson had four sales, rich had one and Kim had one. Dan Ferrari maybe had two not. Gotcha. Okay. Yeah, if you could just, yeah, fill me in that way I can make sure they get paid.

Okay. All right. So I'll let him know about that. Um, you're okay, uh, with, uh, bullet this week to non copy leads. Yes, Chris?

Yep. Yeah. Fantastic. I love that answer. Just a, yep.

That's all I need. Uh, we're Running, we're running John's, correct? John's? Yep. Yes.

Mul re ai, uh, Todd said he already slacked you last week. Is that not the case or is there lost communication? Select who Select you, Teddy, About, About the affiliate stuff. I didn't see it. I saw him post in, so he posted in leadership on Friday.

I responded and I don't see any response beyond that. Okay. I just messaged him. Um, and then remember the week after that we then go into our, our Black Friday promo, Chris. Okay.

And I think we need to check Teddy, do you know last year when we ran our 17th for one Black Friday promo? Mm-Hmm. Did we run that as a deadline funnel or did we run that as a, a hard deadline? I think it was a hard deadline ended on Tuesday after Cyber. Yeah.

So essentially you just wanna take a look, Teddy and Chris and just run the same way we ran it last year, right? Yeah. Campaign's already. We have the campaign set from last year, um, in there. So, Okay.

And, and remember the i the idea being right, the reason we're not going with a deadline funnel is because since it's linked to a specific event, namely Black Friday, that's why we don't wanna just have it be like, well if they click on on, you know, if they click the first email on Sunday, it's like, Hey, we're having a broth Black Friday sale and then it ends on a Wednesday and that's all we, you know, like we want to sync it up with what's happening in the universe, which we rarely ever do. Todd said he will reply to you in Slack. Um, okay. And that takes care of, I'll Keep everything same then for that. Um, we already have what's, so we already have the campaign set, so great, I'll just keep all the dates the same.

We'll keep everything the same from last year. Um, and did you, did you have a chance to uh, kind of get a sense for whether or not, uh, we feel like we can get a micro bullet done for seven 50 or under? Yeah. Um, I mean I don't, I don't think it's feasible to be honest. I mean the more I thought about it and What do you think the budget is?

Uh, I would, I would think maybe with the new AI update can maybe put it out for a thousand to 1200 would be my guess. Like proofed and everything. 'cause we're doing, we usually do a workbook. I guess if we scrap the workbook, um, we've, you know, probably can hit under there. But I think the workbook, especially when it's a new info product, it's, or a micro bullet.

Yeah. How many micro bullets do we currently have done? Is it three or four? Three? There's actually, you know, there, there is an AI tool for creating workbooks.

Lemme find it. That might help with that. I mean, I'll send it to you, Chris, but, uh, Appreciate that. Yeah, I'd say 1,012 hundred. I feel, I feel comfortable staying in that zone.

It, yeah, it's just, even, even though it's pumping it out, we still need to read through and um, you know, I'll usually end up rewriting, revising the whole thing and since it's pumping out a lot of content Yeah. It's revise. Um, Well just, just remember though, right, when we're talking about cost, you're on salary and Jay Shell's on salary. I'm looking more at Michael. Oh, if you're just looking at Michael.

Yeah, I think, I think under a thousand, I feel No, that's fine. Let's, let's have a micro built bullet done. Um, pick one of the topics Todd recommended actually, and just double back with him and just say, Hey, we're having another micro bullet built so we have it in the, in the arsenal for later this month. This is the top, this is one of the topics you recommended. Just wanna make sure you feel like this is still a great topic.

Okay. Well we were running outta we were, we were not running out of, um, but in a way running out of I ideas for really good, good ones, uh, based on the copy, copy calls that, that you guys listed for us. So I'm gonna have to go back, get an idea of what would be a good one. I'll, I'll message Todd, don't worry about it. Hold on second.

Hold on one second. Just to clarify. A thousand or under is really what I meant. I know, I think I said under a thousand, but I'm, I'm saying it, I'm like a thousand or under. Okay, great.

All right. Um, Glen, did we have, uh, so we're good with all that? Yes. So you're gonna wait for me, Chris, to give you direction from Todd. We'll have Michael with Jay.

It'll be a good exercise for them as well. Um, Todd's gonna post some directions for you, Teddy, just to make sure that you know, the offers and funnels that we're paying partners and how much we're paying 'em for. Um, we're all good with that. Yeah. And, and the first, uh, micro bullet that you had listed, you had micro bullet and then you had micro bullet for the following week.

We can run casting for conversions for that first one 'cause that one performed really well. Yep. Um, and that gives a little bit more of a buffer for Yep, no problem. Yeah, that gives us, that gives us almost a month. That's fine.

Um, Glenda, did Kyle, uh, Kyle payment post up? Yeah. Great. Great. Um, did, um, do you know if Jared, Jared paid yet seat deposit?

Jared has not paid yet and I was actually texting with him and he said that he's waiting on his founder. Yep. 'cause he's in Europe right now, so, Okay. Yep. Well, great.

Do great job taking the initiative, reaching out and so just stay in touch with him. So, um, I'm pretty sure it should be good. He said that his founder approached him and was like, Hey, if you could be in any group, what would you want to be? And pretty cool. He was like, well, there's only one group I've ever wanted to be interested in being a part of.

And that's Todd Brown's top one. And so he was like, all right, cool. Go meet with him. You know, I go, go get the details. And so, you know, uh, pretty sure he wants to do it for him.

So hopefully that's all, that's all good. And those guys are, those guys are believers too, which is pretty cool. And they're helping farmers. Awesome. Um, okay.

Uh, other news. Okay, so Ted, John, uh, Todd just replied to you, Teddy. Um, all right. Uh, Glenda, any other top one news, anything you need? Not at the moment, no.

And nobody's up for renewal in November of December, is that right? Right. End of December we have, um, Clayton, Is he really up the end of December again? Okay. Are we gonna put the, uh, are we gonna put the Betts out on whether Clayton renews again?

It, I don't know man. He's so funny. He just keeps renewing. All we know is honestly, there might be this, I'm not just making this up in certain places like Australia, like I know they have like business education credits. It might be one of those things where if you have a business, like you get $30,000 of tax credits for education.

Um, I think I've heard about that before. Chris, do you not feel like you've heard about that in certain countries that have weird stuff like that? You're muted. Muted buddy. That's funny.

What I said was just really profound. I don't know if I'll say it be able to say it that way again. Uh, but no, I don't know. Um, I don't know of that. But Arizona, I mean, I think Arizona does what it does with homeschooling, so who knows?

I mean, anything's possible. Yeah. Okay. Uh, you know, but yeah, I mean, look, if he's paying 40 however much, he's paying tens of thousands of dollars. Like we should at least make sure that he has a quarterly call or something like, So yeah, I always, always reach out to schedule, but sometimes he chooses not to.

'cause he doesn't really have much to discuss with talk. I, but I would force it anyways, even if he's got nothing. Like I tell him other people through like other leadership team members. Um, so yeah, I always offer it and I'm always trying to stay connected with him, but you know, There should be a call to find out why he's got nothing to discuss. Like Yeah, I mean, I think that's a call that, that Glenda can take.

Uh, but that's not a call we're gonna put on Todd's count. We're not gonna put Todd on this awkward call where, you know, he's like, Hey, you know, Clayton's like, well, I'm here and Todd's like, okay, how can I help you? He is like, I don't know, Glenda said I should talk to. And he is like, what do you wanna talk about? And Todd's like, you know, Clayton's like, I don't know what I want to talk about.

Like, we're not, we're not gonna do that to Todd. We'll never see Todd again. Uh, he will never show up to another meeting, another client call. That would be the end of us seeing Todd. So, Fair enough.

I mean, sorry, back on the Australia, it is tax deductible. That's all I know. So I thought there were educational credits in Australia, but I could be wrong. By the way, how's your, how's your garbage disposal? Doing everything.

Okay. Mine. Yeah, but you know, you know about for real, we actually, so the garbage disposal went out, uh, last, uh, last and then we fixed it. I don't even know how you know that I'm, I'm just laughing because whenever, you know, sometimes the girls will be like, let's ask chat GPT and I'll pop on chat GPT and all the questions, the random history of questions come up. And so I know that you're usually the only one in there.

And so I'm like, oh, it looks like Chris is having trouble with his garbage system. That's funny. Hilarious. I was like, how did you know that? Yeah, so now I, now I either delete, I either delete my footprints or I just have like one thing that I bury everything.

'cause I was like, I don't want you to see the weird questions. I'm asking yours Though too. Like, I know you're using it for strange things. Just like I am like, actually, you know what, why don't I ask Chad GPT how to do this. Yeah.

I'm asking all sorts of questions about what, what deer meat should smell like at different times of year, you know? Yep. So what you guys can all learn is that you can use Chad GPT for more than just work, work stuff. Okay. Plumbing, Yeah, You name it.

All right. So, uh, what else is doing? Anything else? Anybody need anything else? No, sir.

No, but, uh, l little, little side note on the ai, did you see the new, uh, chat GPTs or they're calling him GPT with the new update? I know, I know Teddy has, but it's pretty No, I, I I do know whatever they're doing now, chat. JT seems to running crazy slow. It could, it could be because they're rolling out that new, uh, everybody's on it. Well, and, and they, and they bumped up the number of tokens, so I'm sure that's, Yeah, I, I jumped on a call with Michael and he, he walked me through, uh, a little bit of what it looks like.

It's pretty crazy. Um, this next, this, you know, this next rollout basically just low like leveled the playing field. Instead of needing all these prompts and everything else that you need, you, you don't really need those prompts a anymore in the way that you did before. Um, and you can really just build out your own personal, uh, if you wanted to. I mean, you, obviously you can use it as business, uh, GPT as well, but you can build out your own GPT specific for something easily shareable.

Um, easily buildable and yeah, just ne next level for sure. Which is all the more reason why it shouldn't take seven 50 bucks to build a micro bullet. That's why, that's why I told, but I love, I love that attitude, Teddy, but Damian, to be fair, that's what I, that's literally what I mentioned, I said with the new Chachi pt. Again, I don't know, I haven't used it yet, so I have no, I, I have no idea. But that's why I mentioned that.

I said with the new rollout whole, that's why I said we can maybe get it closer to that number, um, was because of that. But again, I don't know until, you know, until we actually try it and use it. So yeah, I'll, I'll, I'll give, I've got, I've got access to, to Benson's thing now too, so I can share that with Michael and he could play around with that. Yeah, that might Get us, uh, pretty far as well. Cool.

Alright, cool. All right. Well listen, gang, I will bounce appreciate all of you. Um, Do we wanna launch John's thing today or tomorrow? Doesn't Matter.

Uh, script shoot chair, uh, tomorrow? Yeah, tomorrow's fine. Okay. Correct. Cool.

All right. And Chris, just uh, make sure I, I know, uh, you're, you're focused on helping out in the, the real estate with God world. Just keep an eye on, make sure you're just staying on top of just once a month, keeping an eye on the books, make sure they're clean, make sure we're not getting weird charges and stuff like that. And just kind of running your regular audits. Okay.

I'll need, I'll need access for, do you want it for, because it's all gonna be connected under probably one, um, no, For, for MFA. That's what I'm talking about. You don't need access. Oh, you're not talking about real, you just said real estate with God. Yeah.

I'm saying I know you're focused on a lot of real estate with God stuff and I'm saying please make sure make to just keep that in mind that I still want you to, to keep an eye on those things. Gotcha, gotcha. Okay. Sounds good. Sense.

Alright guys, appreciate all of you. Have a blessed, uh, and productive day and, uh, see you all later. Alrighty, we'll see you guys.
