---
title: "Level 10 2023-04-17 15:29:59"
date: 2023-04-17
duration: 51m
duration_seconds: 3062
vimeo_id: 818437383
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-04-17 15:29:59

**Date:** 2023-04-17 | **Duration:** 51m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

or La chica one of the fox say who you can't chica. She go in a minute and a drink. Oh. chica eats Chico Sir, what's up gang? Oh baby you Damien you you making something shuffling it up on the chef it up.

It's a brazing morning. Oh like that. I'm on fire and so is the venison so Oh, you saw one liners? Keep it keep it rolling. Don't don't get yourself on fire cooking.

Okay, I don't fire. You know that was not a cooking accent. That was that was one. That was one of the reasons to stop smoking book. All right, so look decided to get everybody on the call today.

Um, Please enjoy the cooking show that's happening in the background. But look when it comes to braising you got a breeze early in the day and you gotta let time work. It's magic and so um It's got to get it's got to get in the oven. It's got to get in the oven. That's just there's just no two ways about it.

Um, all right, so I want to talk about a whole bunch of things. I'm gonna be a little over the place because we have a lot of exciting things happen, but I'm gonna do my best to be brief everybody and get everybody on the same page. Glenda we're gonna want to do I'm gonna at some point we're gonna turn to like a full top one run down. What's up event all that other stuff on Teddy. You saw my message about Jaden.

Yeah. Yeah, I did. I didn't assign it to her last week though, but I'll get it done today. Okay? Yeah.

All right. Yeah, I definitely I definitely need that again because I want to start looking at You know want to start looking at like what's yeah, I mean what's happening? And is it basically to you guys know we're gonna look at the bullet sales through day one, two, three to figure out like if we're getting 80 to 90% of our sales by by second day. Of course, when guess what we don't need a third day of Click sequence, it keeps the list a little pressure. Maybe we can be content maybe, you know all for the very least you can preserve the list a little bit and it comes down on what we have to do so important to whether or not that way you think that she's gonna run an assessment of the last three bullets that we ran.

Okay. Yeah, I did update. I did update the super bundle scorecard though. Okay, I appreciate it. All right, the other stuff that's happening.

So as you know, we have Todd's bullet Workshop is ending, uh, probably started on Thursday you figure quick sequence is Thursday Friday Saturday three day conversion sequence Sunday Monday Tuesday, so we should still see decent sales through the rest of today. I would say by tomorrow. We'll start to see them drop. But so far this would be considered a double. If not a triple for the price point.

We're 50 plus units. So as we suspect good offer fresh offer. The list likes it. Um kudos to to Teddy or on the Fly Sunday topping into a to z copy Workshop upsell so there was no upsell and that was what kept us from being a home run and that's not on anybody here. Honestly.

It was just You know. It campaign didn't get on done because you know talk to the extra time on it and so went out without it up. So in place we got the upselling but we have upselling beginning on certainly will be in place. But when we write will probably run this offer again, you know one probably just be some of the promo email and stuff like that. Because you could not a little bit when you're over there, but I think you're saying when we run it again, we're gonna run it with that upsell in there.

So what we wanted again, the upsell will be in place. um And I'll update the the copy a little bit the subject line certainly as well as the body copy. I'll update a little bit. Teddy on that sheet. Can you take a look at that data?

And since you have any thoughts or you see anything specifically in terms of? Offers that make sense of Customer because it you know, the reason I I track first time buyers on here was to really get a sense. Hey, are there other certain offers that first time buyers never buy and they're certain offers that first time that are really good at activating first time buyers because it might be a little smart for us to think about that. Um, because I'm always like man, we're mailing 25,000 people who never bought from us and two people are gonna buy he's got to be a better use of our list and we might find that there's a different offering I find that it's the offer we're doing this week with Johnny a I offer that does great to meet people, but I want to keep that in mind last week that I We ran John Benson's AI offer. I think we'll be doing something around.

Ah, 15,000 or so in conditions. And so that certainly will be a bullet that hit the mark generating needed. So that's really good this week coming out John's gonna have his AI offer. So Teddy he sent that all over to you. And he sent over the coffee to get wired up.

We're gonna run our same QA process. I'm thinking Teddy. We dropped them in Wednesday morning rather than tomorrow. Just to give us five key way and time for Todd's bullet Workshop to end. What do you think?

Yeah, it sounds about right? Okay, so we're gonna drop it in the upsell on that offer is gonna be the I told John let's do a 2500 dollar or run your topic for 45 days and put your AI offers in the platform and blah blah blah. So John's gonna put that all together, um, and that they'll collect money and then hey 80% of agency. Or whatever something like that. 80% will pay 80% today agency will give you 20% Commission on it.

Um any questions on all that? No, but just just a point here. I mean could we leverage since we're obviously promoting it can we leverage his software paired with our coaches just Even if I just there, um, obviously, you know, John software's pulling in, you know, obviously using Jasper and I believe he's still he's using chat cheap different John. Oh gotcha and gotcha. Okay.

All right has an AI offer that's like how to craft, you know engaging video YouTube video Scripts with with the Benson from I mean actually never mind too. I keep going. Yeah. Okay Josh from what John's from it wasn't for beds events is not ready yet won't be ready for for a couple months good. and go Oh.

Thought to work we're hearing we're taking the Venison and we're just going to steer it equal and raise it. It's the little step that a lot of people just do ingredients in a pot and they throw it in and they don't arrest and show affection to each ingredient before it joins the pot and you taste the difference. So the little things like sweating the onions actually decided to blame roast the red pepper and Searing the meat before it goes to the party. That's the difference between an average disc and something special that touches your heart. Thank you for watching.

Oh, wow. You should start a YouTube channel, dude. It didn't come up as one of our potential sub some debit or ethics. But that's your personal that your personal project or we could take it up a notch and we can have an AI impersonate dating in and that's it. Um By the way, just just quick side note on that.

Everything that everything that I told you guys would what when I said that AI would be able to build the entire company create the project plan like yada yada like it now exists if you haven't if you haven't heard or seen Auto GPT yet. All right Auto GPT is give it tell it tell it ex tell it three things to do and it'll run for days and do everything necessary. It's not ready yet, but It is now just kind of between ready and uh actually gets a result is very very different. Yes, but the proof of the proof of concept that is capable of having its own commands. Yes, daddy with the flow be anybody can cut their hair at home.

Yeah, that's it. Doesn't mean the flow piece it desirable results. Car it let's put it this way. It's been out a week. And it is already the the most downloaded thing on GitHub ever.

Wow, ever. Oh just GPT Auto GPT. Yeah, it's nice. It's not it's not user friendly. You got to install Python and your machine and it's all.

command line but It I don't have a UI soon. Anyways, continue one more thing on Johns all from then I want to talk about next week. And then I want to talk about the top one off and then I want to talk about the cocktail hour. So one more thing on John's offer Teddy, he's gonna message you with the hazard already. We're gonna need to duplicate that funnel and make sure we have a separate funnel traffic and a puddle for the bullet campaign because we're all going to start running it to cold traffic the offer.

And so I don't want to mess up the stats and also the timer is not going to make sense on the cold traffic campaign. We're not getting an opting and so all that stuff's not going to make sense. Um next week, we're gonna promote matte lights my buddy matting lights who does Bob Builders is gonna we're gonna promote his bot Builders offer. I'll get all the assets from him this week, which will probably just be swiping emails which I will rewrite in Todd's voice. I'm actually probably gonna use chat GPC to see if I can upload like ten of Todds emails and then say rewrite these swipes but it's odds voice mom, so I'll be a fun little exercise, but I'll get that all over we'll get that loaded up with that'll be next week's promotion.

Um, Any questions before I go to the top one thing I'm working on. Nope. All right. So so I've been talking with Paul about coming up with a an offer, you know coming up with new ideas. Right?

We got to figure out some some better ways to get central get people into top one and we talked about potentially selling a drop in the top one for 10K and I thought that was good idea, but I felt like it's still a 10K investment on and it's still kind of really you're going for the highest highest level of awareness because it's somebody who's like well, I'm thinking about a mastermind already. I'm kind of wanting to commit maybe I'll try this one. Um, and I felt like even though it's a little bit more work on our end instead doing a one day consult with them. And so it'll be a one day team console Model A little bit after Harry belcher's offer. Although we had the idea before so far but his Clarity kind of clarified my thinking Which they'll be very specific areas their business that we look at, you know, I'm gonna look at their financial Optics.

I'm gonna look at their team structure, you know, Todd's gonna look at their front end back-end model. He's going to look at their acquisition numbers, you know, John's gonna audit their media. Teddy's gonna look at their Tech stock how they're doing segment list segmentation how they're doing what their email deliverability is whether or not they're tracking is reliable and we're basically going to take the things the insights that are needed to go from a million dollar business to a multi-million dollar business and given the insights. They need to change the trajectory their business in a day. The offer is going to be 3K gonna be an over the goal was to make an absolutely absurd offer on it's going to be 3K.

For the day, it's gonna come with a 25 x Roi money back and at a day, you don't think that you've got at least one strategy. If not more that are going to 25 extra Roi. Let me know write you check at the end of the day on only at the end of the day, not only that but will pay for your airfare and hotel up to a grant. um And I want to sell 10 seats. I want to get 10 people in there.

They have to qualify. They have to be when a million to three million in order to be accepted in I'm gonna ask to see their sales records. Um, and so that'll go out. I think it's the first week of May be on account one and after you promote it. What happens?

Yeah, did you want to put a cap on you said one, two three million. I mean you just want to make a minimum of 1 million. I said one two, three million the reason it's one to three million Chris. is because Whole are and this isn't sales beep. This is the truth and tell you might be able to speak to this as well.

I've seen time and again not only in businesses I've built but consultant for that people get to a million to two million and then they get absolutely stock because the types of strategies tactics and thinking that gets you to a million or two million are not the same as the ones necessary to build a million dollar company. So the way you think about customer acquisition aggression about team about the types of offers you have about LTL LTV about your financial very very different. And stop there's something specifically that happens that time part of it I believe has to do. With their margins changing because up to a million dollars or so most people do everything themselves. They have no team little to no expenses.

And so they can grow from the top line. But what happens is is the business starts to evolve you have to be able to grow from the bottom line and most people have no idea how to do that. And so you're thinking if I keep it within that sweet spot of one to three million. I have the same problems in the room. So more value meaning you're not bringing a guy who's doing 10 million in the room where he's gonna be like hey, why are we talking about the stuff?

It's not really a value. So you're staying if I if I get the same same group together. It's gonna be exponential value for the whole for the whole class or the whole room, right? Okay makes sense. also I'm pretty excited about it.

We've never test anything about it. We'll see how it goes. I'm certainly have you know, I know Teddy has one or two more leads. I have one or two more leads. I'm gonna try to sign up directly into it.

um and so so yeah. Make sense. Yep. Okay. So another thing we decided to add a cocktail hour to copy Legend walk in just add a little more value to everybody all that are you know people that I And so we decided to add account fell out of the night before we're not the Mansion.

Um, I've already set up a court but Glenda Glenda has a part of no she would all the logistics. We're just finalizing the time on London. Are we still waiting to hear back? Yeah, they they got back to me last weekend and said if we you wanted it before what you might shutting your video your blood your breaking up. Okay, can you hear me now?

Yes. Okay. So what they told me was that if we wanted to go before four, we would have to rent the mansion from 12 and up and that would be another 1200. So I told her well what if we just get there like by three and we could just say drop or at least I start unloading and putting stuff in even while the housekeeping is still cleaning up and she said that's fine. So I think that's what we're gonna have to do perfect don't need to spend the extra 1200 box.

What time do we want to plan on that? So logistically Teddy your expert on all things social here. How long is two hours appropriate for cocktail hour basically drinks and light finger foods. Is that the right time two hours? Yeah, two three.

Remember the goal here is we don't want people getting tanked and showing up late or missing the day that they're actually coming to be a part of. Um, and so I want to be very sensitive to that. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. So this is just for those two for that initial group.

Yeah. You see. Yeah two hours fun. So fun. Do you want to do seven or nine thirty or or you guys think 6:30 to 9?

Well, so you hold on two or two and a half hours? Two hours is fine. Okay, you want to do seven to nine? Or seven to nine to be seven to nine feels good. Yes, it works.

Okay. Is this this is this is Teddy bartending or So we're still working for the logistics. Glenda has a budget we might hire abor attender. It might be Teddy bartending. Um, it will figure it out.

um Okay, and let me just make a note for this show right now. One that's good. I mean good way to we can find out what they're drinking and see if they fit in top one. Anyways, right because if they're drinking anything, but whiskey they're not gonna they're not gonna mesh. So yeah.

All right opportunity for our photographs right for promotional style. Right like people hanging out by the pool blah blah blah, you know. You know what I'm saying? Yep. Okay, and so I got I'm just gonna say this.

I'm putting this on the record. I love Harvey. I love him. He stinks at photographs. Or he doesn't understand what usable photographs are you just walks around and he's like happy snappy snap.

I think that literally I could have had a camera on my hip pocket and gotten were usable shots and that guys thousand shots that he got in a day. I don't know if anybody else feels the same way. Um, you know, I'm gonna tell you I think you're wrong, but I'd like Does anybody feel differently? I I haven't seen the photos so. Okay, why did you feel differently?

Well, I guess I didn't really care for all the selections that he had as well and maybe because he's more of a wedding photographer and he does that I guess that's that's his Forte and not so much these type of social events. So one that makes perfect sense that like okay discuss used to shooting the kind of stuff. We want the wedding album. Not for me. Oh Um, but yeah, the point is we're going to need to make sure at that copy Legend say first of all, we need to make sure obviously that hobby is there to record it one.

Yes. Rhonda yes. That Hobbies there to record it, but then we'll also gonna need to make sure that the night before honestly. I'd rather have a Lizzie or Michelle if we have to rent the camera, or maybe you just do a like I'd rather tell them and teach them how to take pictures and pay hobby or some random wedding photographer because like I'm sick and tired of getting it down pictures like three of them or mediocre house. How's Jaden at taking photos?

Just gonna tell you I was actually gonna suggest Damien Armani, you know Armani that's like his Forte. Is it really? Yeah, and he does a lot of stuff for the church. Like he's actually our the church photographer. He does all events and he has a really good eye.

He's also really good with footage. Like he does really good videos. Let me know what this photo what his are Okay, anybody charges? Oh what you would want them to come out on that Tuesday or Monday. I think probably would just take them for the cocktail hour.

I think we could get most of the pictures. Okay, or maybe would have in the next day too. I really just got to look at it. Okay? Okay, I'll talk to him and find out.

Armani is Michelle Son by the way, and he is Jaden's fiancee. And that's like he is like phenomenal. All of that. Well, that's what that that's what we really need. Right?

I mean, it's not we know that even a guy who is a photographer who to captures the most important event of anybody's life. You would think that that would translate over into yeah thinking but it so I think this is a prime example of you know, just having anybody take pictures just we're gonna get that effect. We're just gonna get average. Okay mediocre photos. Well, I expected him to at least I mean, I know that he does weddings and engagement and stuff like that.

That's like what what his field is in but I just assumed that any like if you know how to do those type of pictures and you know how to capture moments that you would understand what to look for cuz I also gave him a clear directive like we're looking for good shots with, you know, the top one members engaging and you know with one another especially with Todd or the team and I gave him exact details on what we were looking for. So when I saw all the footage and I was reviewing the tons of pictures, I was just like what is this? So I'm willing to give Armani a shot if depending on who's HR because I know Armani so I'm comfortable coaching him and telling them what to do and having some level of confidence that he'll listen like his part is the classic Hobby's like great photo opportunity London. Chris are making a cheese board together. What are you what are we going to use that photo?

And then he took a map a ton of them of just as well. You don't say like it was Todd putting cheese and serving like Rob cosberg usable photo person blender. Meet me stirring onions in a pot. What am I going to how are we gonna grow the bill? How are we gonna pay?

Everybody bills next month with a picture of me having stirring onions in a pot like Yeah user for your YouTube channel, at least you know, that's right. So, yeah. All right. So hobby on video. We need to get that day recorded and please reach out to Armani set yourself up a notion card now.

I got to tell you something. Ah, I think I've announced this but I'm not gonna announce it again. I hate notion. I just did. Okay anyways, so in notion, it wasn't there.

I created it probably didn't create it the same the right way, but I'm not gonna I'm just gonna do things and not ask for forgiveness here is that there's a complete category. So if you completed something move it to complete. Also, if I if I click on done, it doesn't automatically go to complete. Why don't you click on done? Everything's already kept like categories for you there.

Well, she clicks on done but it's still sitting here that she supposed action tasks right up right up. She's action task by owner right under so go to the top left. Okay, go to the right no up. No, no don't click on that. Oh, right right there completely that you happening.

Okay, we're but where do I where do I go? I want to see that action items. We'll show you everything that's completed that way because if you add another step people aren't gonna fall so you're gonna have some people putting completed stuff there this puts everything for you automatically completed action items and you could just change the view. So completed no, no don't mess with no. Yeah, I want what the stuff that's unchecked.

I want to see what's sitting up here that as an integrator. I need to go to. I just oh, well, you just so clone the board and and make one where the filter is just only shows done tests. Well that's completed action items though. This is what I want to say.

You answered my question, but he wants to see it as a board. So fun with this. I I now I now have the done stuff uncheck which means there are two things that Glenda's working on right now, which is fine here. Okay. right, so Also, we need to record Tuesday, okay.

okay and Mission Hey upgrade my my signature. I mean Glenda's Glenda you took it to the next level. I think you have the best thing, you know, I did that when Josh was still here. I said, hey hook me up here. I need anything.

Nice. Yeah, I have to ask. Jayden to bring me bringing these well 90s are in now, but my my signatures pretty bad. All right, Glenda. So give me up.

Give me a rundown of where we are with the upcoming top one specifically. Who's our vp'd RSVP. Yes number of businesses again. Always talking number of businesses with RSVP. Number of businesses said yes number of businesses that said no number of businesses that are unresponded also want to know where we are at just the overall event session, ah leadering since I was an issue last time you give us all around, please.

So so far, we have 15 businesses that have rsvpds how many businesses. We have I think around the same actually because I'm looking at the list of yeses and same people except for Michael. And and his wife that are gonna be joining us. So last time I want to say 14 businesses were present. and now we have 15 so far still waiting for a couple more to confirm.

Baba I have money in blood confirm. Who's that Mike and Glenn vitican and and um, Mike is going to try he hasn't said yes for sure. He's he's still he's still gonna get back to me to let me know if he definitely can. And the only knows that we've had is Paolo because he has an event that's conflicting at that time. Um, even we might have Edward Tang.

Yeah, we might but it's still very up in the air because he told me that things have lifted in Hong Kong and now he would be able to travel. He just has to make sure that everything is is okay, you know, yeah. Ever comes I'm not kidding. We're gonna do something. They're gonna have someone calls to him or fireworks really big deal.

Not just not just in case it's gonna be a lot bigger than just again. Yeah, I'm really hoping I told them we're all like dying to have them there with us present and we can't wait if he really is coming. We're excited. Oh and then Uh Petter and Maria also can't come in June but they said that they should have their visa for the October event. Oh fantastic.

Listen, make a note on the important put it in notion for your event stuff. You should have an event card here. You should create event card a notion that says checklist of all the things asking for for top one. So you have it next top one and I could work on it. We can work on it together with Jaden.

We want to announce that we're gonna have a special. Family holiday dinner at the fall top one, uh, yada is gonna you know wanted to cook her boneless turkey. So we're gonna do Thanksgiving family dinner. And ah for people that want to contribute it's gonna be a top one potluck. So people want to cook their favorite Thanksgiving side will buy all the ingredients everything like that and they can you know cook something and share it with the group because everybody keeps wanting to cook and I think it'll be a really special.

I think it'll be really special for people to share kind of stuff. I think it I think it'll be something Definite or editing, you know, we should probably give him a room in the Mansion if he shows up just been paying forever. It's never been good at badly. I know that's outside of the mansion room rules, but if we have one All right. Yeah, let's figure out if you confirms.

Yes, let's figure that out. Okay one. Now and we'll make that's a good idea. I like to wear your thinking Teddy to be honest. I'd Rather somebody in in on our team share a bunk bed or or take the shuttle take somebody who's paid over a hundred thousand dollars to US and it's been on lockdown for two years and you know, and again show them show them that matter show them they're special, you know, so I love that you're thinking about that, Teddy.

Good idea. By the way, Teddy's gonna be like, I can't believe you made me bunk with Chris. I'm just a very modern room. Come on and the heart now this time it's like the set it's an article we have Audible. So, let's see.

Yeah. I I think we might have our whole MFA girls Squad and a six room bunk bed, if I fall as well we have Other membership properly so okay. I'll sleep in the Lazy River if need be. Yeah, I like a little concerned about drowning. But otherwise like a resourcefulness Teddy.

Um, all right other side. Okay other stuff so first postcard went out on Friday, and then the other two will go out and increments of two weeks just to give them time. and Let's see. I sent you some of the catering options that the rest that the resort now offers which was a new thing. So, I don't know if you got to review those but I'm also gonna be in Orlando this week and I'm gonna be checking out those other spots that you recommended.

Yeah, so what I'm so so here's the thing with the with the resort right? So we have Right. I'm going to cook one meal which means we have. Like one dinner two lunches to plan for you. Now three lunches one day three lunches and one dinner.

Yeah. Yeah, so I would not use a resort from more than two because again, I don't want to put all our eggs in one basket if their food is mediocre or whatever but send me their fees. So tell me how much we paid for lunches last time and then tell me how much lunch would be if we had if we use the resort in House Catering. Okay. Have those numbers yet or their numbers within a range, or are they out of range?

no, they're not out of range the The numbers that I sent you or the menus that I sent you it had like what they would what it would be per but it's all depending on what we select. So I would have to just go look through what would be like the best option so before before I look at it make a recommendation to me say hey Damian, I think we should use them for lunches and we'll come in at or be below last budget and here the three lunches that I think are impressive and meet our needs and then I'll do my thing. Okay, okay, and then you're still gonna need to find at least two more outside vendors right right for at least one for the dinner? Yeah a bunch and the dinner special like the dinner the dinner, especially like we got to go the distance and you saw all that other stuff right? Remember we're now gonna have a double cocktail night because we're having a cocktail night or no that's coffee Legends in the ball, but we are doing our outdoor Cabana night, whatever this time.

Right. Yes. Right. Yes set up. Okay, as soon as this calls over Glenda set up a notion card for yourself and create a checklist of all the little pieces that are coming up.

Okay. Yep on that list, right? So right there's that whole night, right? So we're gonna have a cigar roller. We're gonna have some sort of Music whether we go with a DJ or a dude, but a ukulele serenading to us and I definitely we need you know, I want to find out about getting a ping pong table in the house and he looked into that.

I mean great and then all so about, you know, maybe making sure we have some additional games in the house. Um, just because again, there's less games in this house in the last house. We just want to make sure that that culture and that funness is all it's all carrying over. right Okay. Yep.

Oh and trying to we were finalizing the extra item that we would give in their swag and you suggested a beach towel. I suggested some type of nice sunglass. I don't know. Maybe we can get some ideas from Kristen. Yeah, so so every every top one we're doing two pieces of the power that they can wear an event and then like one third eye item.

That's a little bit seasonal. Oh, so last time what was our item last time Linda? So last time we had the zip up Hoodie the t-shirt and the hat. We did a hat last time. I'm sorry not a hat.

No, what do we do? No, we have two items. So it's a T-shirt and then a seasonal item. That's what we're giving them for everybody. Yeah, so we could do.

I feel like just by default like Sunglasses if they're branded. I don't feel like people will keep wearing those. Yeah, I know and everybody's head is different. So specific. My head is uniquely shaped.

It's something I have to live with and so yeah, you can't do some glasses. We'll do our nice fall hat in the fall again. We'll do that. I but any other ideas of I mean, I'm not against doing two shirts if we did like a regular t-shirt and then we did like I always wanted to do these and we've never done them and I always get her is like a baseball team. I think it's pretty cool for summer.

Um, I don't know if you guys like baseball tees. Well, it's more it's more more clothing not less to me a tank top would be more summer like yeah. Oh, I don't think our demographic is busting out tank tops on a regular basis. I think if you're in Florida by the by the pool, it's just relative. Are we gonna use the pool or not?

Because that beach towel, you're not gonna use unless you're getting wet and so by default if you're willing to get wet. You'll be more comfortable in the tank top, then you will with your shirt off and so it's got to me. It's like compromise that summary unless we just go with a t-shirt. This just has a summer feel to it which we could also do as well. Teddy voice voiceover reason I mean that yeah, I I well I would definitely say that we that you make a point to tell people to bring their bathing suits this time because it would be hot this time and in Orlando so and be nice to actually use the pool.

But yeah, I would find the tank top. I wear my I wear my other. Top one tank top. What about more like instead of the tank top? Like we did at the last time kind of like a sleeveless shirt so that it's like a crew neck and it's just kind of like a muscle shirt.

You know what I'm saying? Maybe the dry fit or something like that. Because I don't know if like the tank top that we had last time I'll be honest it wasn't that convenient for females. and so maybe if it's just like a sleeveless, you know, you mean use me to hire higher tank. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it could be a higher tank. I think we're talking about the same thing there. It's instead of being super low cut.

It's the ones that I and and a full thing that's cut off sleeves. Not not the thin right. The the last thing we had was like a kind of like the a shirt right like the spaghetti straps. No not spaghetti but a little bit thicker but still it was kind of like a wife beater type type style shirt. Oh, yeah, not something like that.

So when I'm picturing and I'm picturing a Target actually sells on there. It's gonna be just higher up. They're thicker here. I still think they call them tanks, but I don't know. Maybe there's another name for.

But yeah. Okay. Yeah, I would not do a beach towel. Nobody wants that a beach towel to their luggage. No.

Yeah, okay respect. Oh, actually if you're flying Frontier. You would know Teddy you have to wear that beach towel on that. Yeah, literally. Okay, I'll send you some tanks up ideas.

So we're gonna do a tank top shirt on anything else. I'm gonna send you a couple looks a couple Styles and shirt that I think are again. I just don't want to do a regular cheap tank top with a logo on it. Right? I want something that has some Design Elements to it, you know instead of a hat you could do like, you know those Florida visor.

That's a good idea. They they were that the golf and everything. Yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, I just don't know. I don't know anybody who's like, oh there's my favorite advisor. Like it just feels like it's not something that gets a lot of usage.

Yeah. That's that's a specific very yeah. Yeah advisors Next Level, you know. My my I still need another top one hat Clinic. Mine is still roaming the streets of space Oh, yeah, I have to go and send you one.

Sorry about that. Okay. Do you feel like drinks being that hot if people are down? So here's a variable if people actually bring their swimsuits and actually go swimming. Do you feel like it's going to switch from from whiskey to something else?

for that Or is it just you know, I mean the right my might be some more Mojitos like a drink this time, but or pina coladas, we have a blender. That's a fun idea. I like a lot of those will be nice. Yeah, let's definitely plan on that. I like I like the way you're thinking and and don't make them too strong that not too strong.

We do not like oh Fashion is pure whiskey like there's no way not to make an Old Fashioned strong. Okay fine, but don't take your old fashioned mentality to the to the to the people like we want people to remember. Yeah. All right. Yeah the last of that man.

I don't remember it was pretty good hobby for that not Teddy because having pictures if we get the pictures, you know, yeah. Yeah. I don't think anybody blacked out last time. Hello. Is that our new object?

Is that our new that's Awesome. Nobody puked nobody blacked out. I don't think there were too strong. Yes. Yeah, I'm just yeah, I'm not sure.

Chad was up pretty late and he can attack and then Chad's back was hurting so yeah cat had too much fun. That's true. so so I sent you a handful of Does not now I'm not saying these but the idea of a tank top that's a little more elevated right? It's a little like wow, like this is cool. Like design went into this.

You know, I'm saying like, oh people all right a lot of screenshot before you look at these just to be clear. I'm not saying these but I'm saying pretty interesting. These are example to me of a higher fashion tank top that looks like a piece of designer clothing not like a Target wife beater that happens to have a Target logo that happens have a top One logo on it. Oh my goodness. So like suit on this super loud, but something like right fitting the one on the bottom that if you're if you're not jacked, you're not gonna want.

Oh, I wasn't referring to the cut. I was referring to the fact that it had full design through the whole body of the shirt. Um, even like having like the way like having like the color edging on the top and the sides, um, like the two-tone like all these things just make it a a nicer. You know I'm saying something that looks a little bit nicer not just like we've got a cheap tank top from you know, Aeropostale Surplus and through a top One logo on it. Right like people talk all the time.

Like we built a reputation people are like dude top one is like the best of power like I just don't want to give them a tank top. I want to give him a tank top. That's like man dude. This is one of the nicest tank tops I've ever seen. Right.

So start working on that wind blender yesterday, okay. Yes, sir yesterday because guess what I'm gonna want it at my house and I'm gonna try it on before we go to print. Okay, you're behind the eight ball. You're officially behind the eight ball. Do you agree?

Yes, sir. Okay. No, I mean do you agree that you're behind eight ball right now? Yeah, I don't know what that means. So that means that you're in a position where you're like in pool.

Yes. Yeah. Okay. You don't want to be behind people. I mean that it means that they're gonna be harder and there's gonna be more pressure on it because again, even if you started designing it today by time you design it we went through iteration.

It got printed it got to my house. We're talking first second week of May. Which which by the way to just added just just so you know, Damian I have Jaden on on projects as well. And so that that was something that I did want to bring up just because I'm trying to manage that time. Yes.

I want to also ask. Yeah, um, and so either either making sure all design stuff comes through me so that I'm aware because a lot of the due dates some of the stuff that I've been working with around. She's like, I'm sorry. I've been working on top one. I'm sorry Paul reached out and so it just so I know I can move due dates around because we have obviously stuff that we're working on right now as well for our campaigns separate from top one with Jaden.

So okay. Everything comes through me for prep 100% get it all. Yeah, when you when you have it on to put it in notion and assign it to Chris first, okay. Okay. Well the tank top.

I want to see three. I want to see three iterations. I want to see three different Design Concepts. Some, you know based upon the kind of shirts that I picked out. I want to see something loud and crazy.

I want to see something a little more classy. I want to see something a little more sporty. But I want her to look at like nice Brands designer, you know, look at a Lululemon. Look at a I don't know who what what's considered. You know, look at an Armani tank top, you know, like look at some nice Brands and don't just like pick a shirt and go here's what it looks like.

What a top One logo on it and I will okay can add at this component because I think this is important if what we want people to feel comfortable wearing it. I would say thicker not thin Because unless you're you're Todd you're gonna you more than likely like if you're not willing to take your shirt off if you're gonna wear a tank, you don't want it to be like Beyond exposing if that makes sense not paper thin. Yeah. And so that's those are two right so your your point is absolutely well taken just like that muscle shirt in the back that would showcase my rear delts, but maybe want some other people's um, but is separate is something right cut is the the seamstress niss of it is separate from the from like the pattern and design look. Yeah, I'm saying fabric.

I'm using fabric s*** that thing you don't talk about that super. Yeah, well everything like right so right the type of thing where you see like little bumps of the hair on your chest on the tank top. Yeah, so right so we're gonna want to nail the right like the design color patterns all that stuff and then you're gonna need to pick the cut that's appropriate for our group and age demographic. right one more idea just to throw it out there. Top one Speedo.

Oh my gosh, please. No anybody that will be traumatically. Absolutely love ever and definitely some board shorts, but not a speak. Yeah, actually well board shorts, that'd be a tough. Tricky one to try and get everybody that can fit in in this.

I mean, we asked their shirt sizes. I don't know people are comfortable with their pants sizes, but your shirt size can pretty much tell you probably there well, No. All right. We're good. Yeah, all right, a lot of stuff happening a lot of exciting stuff stay focused if you need anything, let me know and let's let's go keep one in one day at a time.

All right, okay. Yeah letter. each
