---
title: "Level 10 2022-09-26 16:57:47"
date: 2022-09-26
duration: 59m
duration_seconds: 3584
vimeo_id: 753970102
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2022-09-26 16:57:47

**Date:** 2022-09-26 | **Duration:** 59m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

whatever Oh, there we are. How you doing man? Your man? How are you? Good good.

Looks like you're in a hotel room. Yeah, San Diego. Oh, hey, you have to suffer somewhere, you know. They could think of worst places to be suffering you. It's kind of cute that they have a little AC over there.

Is that just like for that two times a year when it did over 75, you know pretty much. And like add it, you know, let's just add it. makes people feel comfortable to know that it could be turned on if it needed to be turned on but I mean it was hot here was hot when I got in here last night, but really I mean just hot in the room just you know. Yeah, yeah that I when I lived out in California we have so I used to be a store manager and one of the things that we would have to do is we have to write down what the weather was just because it we did a correlate with the foot traffic right? Like, you know when it's 70 do we have more people walking in and so on and so forth and it was always 75 and like perfect every single day for the most part year.

So it's just ironic that they were would even ask that. You know, it's like I mean, I guess 75 and Sunny I just put it on here 75. It was it was like to me it was it was so perfect. It was to the point where if you put a hoodie on you'd be too warm and anything less than a T-shirt and you might be a little bit chilly, right? Yeah, that's cool, man.

What are you out there for? a trafficking conversion Oh, okay TNC. All right. That's cool. I am not an event person I needed to become one.

I think I think I feel like that's just what our space calls for. Yeah. Well, I mean it's been I've been here since f****** covid now, so it's been like three years since I've seen all my friends sucks. Kind of looking forward to it, but we'll see. I mean, it's such a big event.

I don't even know. I mean, I'll see him at the parties. I'm sure but how many days? I get back Friday night. Wow, okay.

That's right. Fred is mostly travel like early like six six in the morning and Friday. And then you're then you're coming out to Orlando. So it's gonna home for two days to really it's been a bit September. It's been a busy month Music Festival covid DNC top one.

How long did you how long do you have code for just a couple days? Right? That wasn't too bad. It was like for artists. And that's not bad.

Right on last time last two times. I had I was sick for a month. So I'm glad that was not the case. Yeah, no, I I think it's it sounds like the the strains are are starting to die down a bit. So as far as severity.

so hope it keeps hope it keeps going that trend. so it sounds like let's you and I well I sent you a message. I guess since around here. Are we on the right line or I think so. Yeah, we'll find out.

I mean, I think it'll still hopefully say something. Leave us hanging on here. We're just hop top one brochure request leads. What tag? Do I need to pull those up?

Do you know? Alex Alex is out in Washington right now, which is kind of cool. So she's she's doing her thing. out there What should? Josh you remember Josh used to work for us.

Josh is getting married to one of my best friends daughters. So Josh clad not. Well Josh clad. Yeah Gladys. hey, hey guys, howdy and good to see you guys as always.

Right back at you. It is it's offer top one opt-in magalog Chris. Okay. Hold on one second. How you feeling Teddy?

I'm pretty much back to normal. Okay, you sound like you got a little congestion still. Yeah, San Diego last night so planes yeah air congestion. So for what's that for TNC you How is it? Is it the jamming?

I don't know. I'll know tonight I guess, okay. And so Damian is going to jumping on. Ah, she said she's finishing a call on and off. She's not with the hotel or whatnot, but we'll let her take care of that.

So you could kick it off and then when Glenna comes back on I'll jump in for a few minutes and then let you guys do your thing. Yeah, cool. Well there are so there were a couple things I wanted to cover which we're gonna be gone before I want to talk about how we're gonna do masterminding as well as the virtual stuff for top one coming up. Does anybody have any specific needs other than that because I'm top one focused right now. Yeah, just Teddy.

Can you screenshot that I just thanks man. You're good. Okay, so we're just waiting for London those two things in terms of Ted I'd love to hear from you on this and she's been in the in the Leader and also Observer for all the top one events in terms of masterminding the thought is again because people said hey, there's too many breaks. We're gonna add take that feedback. We're gonna have a mastermind in the first day and we'll have them submit specific issues in advance anything else you would add to that other than making sure that they submit stuff in advance.

Should I have them just want to hear any thoughts on how you think that should run? Or what you feel like would be most valuable having kids. How much time are we allocating for it? We'll talk about two hours to two and a half. Yeah, I think that I you know, I think the biggest thing that we always run into is whether they're the whether it's they're looking to us for answers or they're looking to the group for answers.

Right and it's finding that that right balance of you know, what when do we pipe it? Like, you know, the power of the Mastermind is the group not us per say right? but obviously if time if they're getting wrong advice we got to speak up to but so I was gonna be like so that's the thing like so there's submitting the stuff to us just for Vetting purposes but they're gonna know it's again. It's a leverage the group. It's to leverage the group right?

But so they're gonna present their problems to the group. correct problem or opportunity you got It okay. um Yeah, the only thing I would say beware. Alright, so what out what I'll do is Glendale, let me just make it real simple. I'm gonna shoot a video.

I'm gonna post it in Slack. And I'll let them know to send it directly to you and then based upon how many you get That's How we'll manage the time. Okay. Every time about the Mastermind right now because I just hopped on yeah, we're talking about the Mastermind right now. Great.

Okay. All right, so I will post up and I will let them know for the message Linda. Okay? Great. Okay.

All right. So who are let's talk about top you want to hop in before you don't need to be here for the virtual stuff. So yeah sure. That's cool. Um so very quickly, so I just want you guys I want to steal you guys for three minutes tops.

I want to go through a couple things with you guys and I want you to listen to me, right? I love everyone on here. It's gonna sound like I'm talking about specific people and in certain instances, I am talking about specific people but this applies to to everybody so it a couple things number one if I send you guys a message right this applies to everybody if I send you a message whether it's in slack or whether it's a text message and really for me what I'm gonna say is that I really think as a team as a whole we should try not to text each other business related stuff. I think that right I'm starting to get stuff on slack in email on on SMS. It's hard to keep track of where stuff is.

Me I get slammed with messages and so stuff is absolutely slipping through the cracks for me. But if I send you a message, please read the message carefully and if you have any questions about it, then let me know. But if you don't let me know if you don't ask me a question about it, then I'm gonna assume that you know exactly what it is that I want you to do whether it be with a plane ticket, whether it be with a conference whether it be with a campaign, right, so please make sure that you read the message that I send you carefully fully and then if you have any questions about it, let me know ask. If you don't ask then I'm gonna go on the assumption that you understand exactly what it is that I want and you're good to go to execute and so does that make sense? yes, okay, so Uh, so somehow someway.

Um, so how to somebody tell me Damien Glenda. So how did a how did Marie Maurice's webinar end up getting scheduled for 11:30 when I specifically said twice twelve o'clock. So I'll answer that question which was she said that either we could do 11:30 or 12. Yeah, and she said that at 12 she's like I have another webinar which means the sales Q&amp;A is gonna have to be cut off which helps boost conversions. Yeah.

And so I moved it to 11:30. I thought I messaged you about it, but I didn't know. Yeah. No, so I said 12 specifically, right? So I don't care.

I'd rather have the end part the Q&amp;A cut off and and our sales suffer. Right? I said 12 not 11:30. And so right you asked me right and then I mentioned it to Glenda a second time and then I look at the page and the page says 11:30. And so I felt like right I said 12 for a reason and so right make sure going forward right like I don't care I would tell I would I would happily told Marisa.

I don't care it let it let it cut off right and so right it shifts everything else in the morning for me, right and it might seem like it's only a half hour, but that's important to me. Right and so You manage your time? I apologize. That's a hundred percent on me. I just was like that's 30 minutes if extra sales, let's do it.

Yeah, and so next is um, so uh, what was I gonna say so Glenda, um, the majority of top one related questions often the time often. I feel like the majority of questions that you ask really relate it to top one should go to Damian and so I would rather you message Damian and then if Damian says that's Todd needs to decide on XYZ, then you can message me but rather than going to me first go to Damian first because most of the stuff is really is through him. Does that make sense? Yeah, I got it. I Next is so uh you and I need to meet Glenda about um about when with all this travel that I've got going on, uh now and going forward.

I need to make sure that um everything that needs to be booked gets booked and then all the info for me sits in one place. So like my flight my you know, my flight at the confirmation for the flight the flight out the boarding pass out, right the boarding the the flight coming back the boarding pass for that the hotel information my confirmation. Um number there how far the whole the airport is from the the hotel all that like rather than me message you hey, can you send over my boarding pass and and all that right? It's pain in the buff for you pain in the butt for me. I want to make sure that all my stuff for all these travel things are in one spot always does that make sense?

And so we can figure out where that lives if it's right. Use typically what I do is I just take it and I set up a note inside of Evernote for me and then I put it I don't care if we use notion, but I just want to make sure when I travel that I know that there's one place that I can go to that's got all the information that I need in that one in that one spot so that I don't have to pester you for it. Yeah, so so taught if it's okay with you, I don't think we I'd like to hold off and you have in a meeting with Glenda Glenda 70 put up put together a template send it to me and let's do it that way for myself Todd even Teddy if it's helpful for him and send us each a separate, uh dossier. And then Todd if it's not exactly what you want then have the meeting funder. Okay fair enough.

Okay, I just Hold on Teddy. So just send me the template later this week Wanda because it's not just the information. This is something important for all of us. Right we have slack we have email. We have texted it.

It's not just information. It's the way information is delivered right arrival information departing information hotel stay. It's not a matter of just and I'm not saying this is an a knock on you blender anybody but just always challenge us. The easiest thing to do is just copy and paste and throw big I spend more time making my messages shorter than I do writing them when I communicate with the team. And so that's important.

You're gonna say something Teddy. I was just gonna say like, did you have a preference talk? Like it seems like Notions probably the most logical place to to build a template for something like that that would have, you know each individual thing and then you could even track your expenses back to the expense sheet if you had to or whatever. Yeah. No, I don't I my preference is whatever is most efficient and effective for the team and so would seem like the more stuff we can put into notion the the better also we can turn it into a template so that you know, Glenda can just create it every every trip and and boom rather than you something new.

So I'm all for notion all adapt to whatever it is that makes the team most efficient the key for me is that I've got all that information so that I'm not the night before I got a message Glenda right like even Glenda right so that you you remember like I'm part of the template checklist make sure that TSA pre-check. So right you're not calling you on a Sunday and you're not calling right and all that jazz and so that boom I know once once the day AR. Is everything I need is right there. You're not going to hear from me. Unless something crazy happens and and all good.

And so if notion is it cool bring me Glenda and I can help you kind of put that together and they're awesome. The the last thing that I want to mention is so this is gonna sound self-serving and it is for that matter. But so if you're asked a question that you in from a team member any one of you if you're asked a question that you can legitimately answer or there's something that somebody needs and it would take you a little bit of time to dig it up and um and and get it for them. Please do that rather than send it to me for to do it. Right?

Like please do that so that I'm not then doing this, you know, like I'm not taking time away from all these presentations that I got to put put together marketing all that all this kind of craziness. So Damian, so got a bone to pick with you. So Paul asked for a bunch of he asked for us an E5 slide deck that he could use exactly one the other right I sent it to you two days before I sent you four versions of it and so right and so and then you sent it to me. And so then I had to go back and dig up those four those four templates. Right?

And I said, I just I was like I just sent them to you and so when you can even if it takes you a little bit of digging I would appreciate before it gets to me like if it gets to me, I'm gonna assume that you have zero access or zero ability to get access to whatever it is that's being asked for not that you just don't want to do the work and you'd rather me do the work and so fair enough. 100% And just to just to emphasize something I Todd said right this is not this is nothing else that other than strategy for the business, right, you know, we've simplified the business we've leaned up our team to a game that we love playing and we're really good at that game does involve that you know Todds our Market Todds are Mark, right? So when the promos that go out the promos that help us, you know, make great month after great month, you know. 80% of that lands on Todd shoulders. I help out with some stuff Teddy support some um, and so we can't have the guy who scoring the goals to win the game like Doing anything else anytime we're taking them away from anything but scoring the goals to win the game.

It's gonna hurt the team and so we just need to to be that much more sensitive to that in. Yeah, and that's and that's why I just waiting and we're doing great at it. Um, well, I mean look we're doing great at it because you and Chris have done a tremendous job, you know in terms of the control and the financials and so it took us all this time to finally, you know to finally look at every line item on the p&amp;l and realize like what the heck is this, right? Like, you know, we're even you know, like when we finally spotted and I think full responsibility for this. We finally spotted that we were three years into an infusion soft app that we never even used or whatever it is or Teddy spot at that thankfully and so it's thanks to you guys that we're able to to you know that we're as profitable as we are right now the other thing that you know for Glenda and this is you know again, I take full responsibility for needing to find the time for I to um to get together but you know the way my mind works with questions that that come from you guys as I always think to myself is this a question that's gonna be repeated and what I mean by that like is this something is this an issue that can can and likely will come up again.

Right? And when the answer is yes, I would like for us to think about how do we um, how do we figure out some rules or some some criteria so that you guys can answer the question without needing to come to me for example Glendale, like when people request a podcast, right and I know like, you know, you know, like you don't know who these people are right in some people are they they request podcast, you know me coming on their podcast and they've got 12 listeners or whatnot. And so but yet right it then is this process of right somebody requests a podcast and we get we get those a lot or somebody requests my time. We get that a lot and then right you have to send it over. Me and then I have to review it and then I have to figure out is this the right person that's an example of right a wild inefficiency in the in the business in terms of communication.

We need to figure out when these are questions that are going to get asked more than once we need to figure out criteria so that you guys are more equipped to to be able to answer it the way to really think about the team as a whole and this is just something to to ponder right and Chris's, you know wizard at this from a systems perspective. Right? But the reality is is that in an ideal perfect world. You would have all the answers to the questions that arrive within your sphere of authority and and um an impact in the company in other words in an Ideal World. Teddy should you know in an ideal perfect world and I know we're never going to get to this ideal perfect, you know Nirvana, but right Teddy doesn't have to ask anybody anything he knows exactly what he needs to to do and want once he gets the green light.

Goes and does it Glenda right in an ideal? Perfect Universe? There's no question that you need to ask. Once you get the the green light go ahead and do this right? It's all right.

So when questions do arise we've got to look at is this a question that is likely going to come up again. Well, if the answer is yes, we need to start to figure out how to get you guys the criteria to be able to answer it so that we're not this it goes from Glenda Glenda gets a message from somebody. She reads it then it goes over to Damien then he goes back to Glenda and then Glenda now comes to me and then I'm like no. No, that's really for Teddy and then teddy gets it in there six questions that Teddy then doesn't know the answer to and I have to go back to Damian and it's just this it's not and and we see that I see that over and over and over and over and over like so many of the questions that I answer are not new questions. They're not new they've been asked multiple times in some for more fashion and that just creates Wild.

Efficiencies for everybody and then it also opens us up to mistakes right to like errors that are the fault of the you know, oftentimes the chaos that I create with when I send something to Teddy and it's nine o'clock and I'm like I needed this live at 8:30 right Lake. And so then he's jumping through hoops, and I'm you know stressed and right and so make sense. I know I'm rambling but I want you to begin to think about when you have to ask somebody else on the team a question. I want you to ask yourself. Is this a question in some form or fashion that will likely have to get asked again.

If so, right. How can we begin to build and create some criteria? And initially, I'd rather with the the podcast just as an example Glenda. I'd rather people slip through the cracks like I'd rather I'd rather, you know, I'd rather come up with some criteria to get us more efficient that potentially could lead to somebody's show that I want to be on they get weeded out accidentally. I would rather have that happen but be efficient in with everybody else then stay inefficient just to make sure that somebody doesn't slip through the cracks.

Does that make sense? And so go on that on that side like, you know, I think the one of the things that we end up coming to you a lot for are some type of file via sells slide deck a custom image that you created that needs to be edited. Like do you have I know you must have that stuff organized and and your machine well because you can usually find it pretty quickly, but do you have it in the cloud as well? Where? We don't have to ask you for it.

Um, I do usually most of my stuff is usually saved in the cloud. Like I got a bunch of different Cloud accounts for different different roles different purposes. And so, you know and look like let me let me say this to be crystal clear right? Like, um, I am wildly I don't want to say disorganized because that's not really accurate right? But you know, I I just operate best my thinking like in the moment and so sometimes meaning like, you know, sometimes things come to me when I'm doing something and I realize ah, there's a better way to do this.

And so that does right oftentimes create these chaotic moments where it's a Friday night and I'm messaging Teddy and I'm like blah blah blah and whatnot. I don't know to be honest with you how much of that I'm gonna be able to tame. I don't even know how much of that I want to tame. I want to start by teaming all the other things, you know, I I'm actually talking more about like Legacy stuff. Like sometimes it'll be like, oh like yeah, do we have the the script to the vsl for Apprentice?

Yeah, create six years ago, right? Yeah. It's all right. Yes, ninety nine. Ninety nine percent of it is in the cloud.

Um, you know, it's evolved over the year like what you know, some stuff is in Google Docs. Most of the copy that I write is in one folder in is a Google doc. Right? And so the answer is yes and so as like if if there is a you know, if after I write a piece of Copy in in Google if I need to copy the link and just paste it into something in notion. I'm totally cool to do that.

What I don't want to do or what I don't want to entertain right now is revamping an entire like hey, can you write it in notion and blah right, but you think it'd be worth while talking now that we're focusing on bullets that and we're using notion. Good job Todd for seeing it and Chris for sticking with it. Do you? think that whenever we come up with a promotion, you should just have a file drop that's attached that our promotion where you just throw in sort of the the stuff that's most frequently asked for just so it's there. Sure.

I mean I don't you know, I'm I'm fine with You you know, I'm fine with. Whatever where if after I'm done, if you want me to to put to link it somewhere to you know, I find doing that if you drop a link in notion and take literally 90 seconds to record a screen capture of just hey, this is the offer. This is who it's going out to this is what it includes. This is what it excludes. That would say massive.

confusion internally and just and just from an operations Viewpoint. I think that makes a lot of sense even you know, as far as notion works as well, right? Because if you drop in those files Teddy, you can have that kind of link to our file database as well. And so that way it's all in one place. Nobody more logins.

I love that Simplicity, right? It's but we do have we do have to create like an actual Camp because you guys are making a mess in there because every time you create a new campaign, you're just creating a new page a new tables and I'm like, what are you doing? But yeah, that's something you and I can talk talk through. Yeah, maybe create a template or something like that. Um, Okay.

Yes, like as all like, you know, I'm willing to you know, if this is not we're a team and I'm on the team and I'm part of the team and so I have a responsibility to support the rest of my teammates. And so the answer is yes, as long as right, right like, you know again the you know, like like I have this weird chaotic way that I operate and every time I've tried to tame that it's no bueno. Not for me. Not for anybody else right wife. Not for anybody.

Yeah, I think if we put together a template Teddy and in the temp what there are two highlighted places where it says Todd when you're done drop a link to the assets here Todd, when you're done record a 90 second audio explaining what this offer is and who it's for and how what needs to be delivered. I think that's the least burn some thing we can do that'll help create some because that's a lot of times all it is is it's literally a 90 second call with you go. Oh, that's what's on that. Yeah, you know, but let me look lastly and then I've got to jump and I want to leave you guys lastly. I would be remiss if I didn't say that there's no question about it that I cause more issues than anyone on the team and so in terms of my just the way that I approach things in my craziness.

And and so there's no question that I create more issues than any one of you do. I want to make that crystal clear. This is not like I've got this thing down to a Flawless science and none of you do that's not it but thankfully it is Todd Brown ink and so I get to put pressure on you guys. And so and so there you go. That's it.

But I I and so I appreciate you guys. I know like I see a message from Glenda and Glenda's like I need the slide deck for so and so and I'm like, oh poor Glenda poor Glenda, it's three weeks out from the presentation. If she only knew that it'll be done three hours from my presentation. She we would all be better off. Um, but but think about what it is that I said, I appreciate you guys listening to me ramble having amazing.

Okay, if you guys need anything go ahead and slack Damian and you want to focus on well, I'm out here anybody we need to connect with just Keep an eye out for what's hot and Trends and all that obviously. Yeah, just see what people are really migrating towards like what are the time? Like, I just see what gets most people excited. If there is any kind of trend like within the within the crowd I'm just curious to to really see, you know, what gets people what gets people excited Teddy. We also need to talk about getting clickfunnels 2.0 and right and and getting that bad boy always sounds like some people got access to it look like Chris Cole might have gotten access to it.

Yeah. Well we should have access to I just got to follow I gotta I'll message them and and get us access and then hopefully it doesn't break everything. It's a whole new account. Isn't it? Like a whole new be a separate account?

Which would be nice. Okay, it's nice clean slate to work from too. Yeah. Yeah. Okay and Glenda I'll message you later about the Boise thing because we need to to figure that out.

All right. Thank you guys. Appreciate you Todd later, buddy. He's gone. All right.

Okay, so nothing else to cover. We have our schedule let's talk about Uh our virtual attendees. Uh, last time we talked we spoke a week ago. I know top Christian Glenn we were working on it. Just I don't need to know the technical details.

I just need to know if there were any significant expenses and or if there any issues Yeah, I found. Someone that's going to come and do it for 1500 and they're gonna bring their own equipment. They're gonna bring a monitor. They're gonna bring the mics and this person was recommended by one of the guys that was part of the AV team from last year. fantastic amazing and so I'm gonna say something first all Bravo Glenda and I'm gonna say just as a reminder like we talk about Chris.

There's there's always there's always another solution, right? It doesn't always have to be part of 10,000 hours. It doesn't always have to be the most complicated thing in the world. And so Bravo Glenda, I think that's a you know, assuming it goes. Well, I would plan to do that going forward.

It's a tremendous add-on and then assuming it goes well again, we have our top One Vision meeting which you all will be invited to in November. That'll be virtually we'll talk about if we do continue it and then just kind of having our statement of faith about you know, what virtual is for and what it's not for. I I did score us last night at the airport bar. I met up with a with a wine supplier. So I now have a wine supplier for when we have the Mansion nice when it wholesale.

Oh. And and Damian they're out in Texas and if we wanted to do a retreat to go hunting on their 4800 acre f****** lodge nice hunting and drinking. All right, I need a little I need a little spice in my life. Yeah Southern running like that. All right good.

So everybody's good. Yes, sir, and no I had some questions because we were going to talk about the schedule and I was if you guys already did I missed it because I was on another call. Did you guys already talk about the schedule for everybody the schedule you can and we could talk through well, you know peace will be. Okie, dokie smokey, I like that. Okay.

And here she is. I don't mind the top dates, okay. Damien we also talked about in slack how we can possibly implement. What was it the like the after session? Like an exercise after some of the presentations?

Okay so hold let's hold off on that. Let's look at we can talk about that. But let's look at the schedule first. So strong. Can you make your screen a little bit smaller so I can see the whole day?

Okay. You see everything? Oh, sorry. Not too you have to scroll. I can't see the nine o'clock hour.

Oh, okay. Okay, so power our presentation. I wonder lend us it's Todd was saying. I mean, it's not a huge deal. But you know Todd was mentioning that we have a lot of copy heavy stuff and to the preseos that are not copy right gone.

So I'm wondering if it's better that we have half a day. That's kind of broken up without coffee or try to intersperse those a little differently. Okay, because we could legitimately move. Kyle and Keira to Tuesday morning and then I can go and then John can go, you know John Benson. And put more on day one.

Yeah, okay. Where's the hot seats you were just talking about? Those are gonna be after day one after afternoon right here. Oh. so that's I mean after we discussed schedule, but for the Mastermind, I need to get a little bit more information so that I can relate to the Top one members.

I mean if they're ready for that if they're already prepped for that time, I would say let's just leave it the way it is, but I think it's a good point from Todd going forward. It's just always think about variety about not just the variety of presenters. But then if we have Todd was saying Teddy and Chris, we have a lot of copy heavy folks like the hours copy Benson's copy, you know, Kira Kyle. It's all coffee. Copy copy copy just to try to have different types of topics.

But then also Nixon in a little differently. um well, there's anything I would say is the the 90-day best always takes more than an hour. So like you yeah schedules pretty tight on Monday. Like you're gonna have to push something. Inevitably because they usually goes an hour and a half easy.

Yeah, so let's let's give a little more time on that at least another 15 minutes minimum. Yeah, I'll push Todd's keynote down more. um Do Kira and Kyle and Kennedy? Do they already know what day they're presenting or no? No.

If they don't know what day they're presenting then I would prefer to move especially if the top if we give another 19 minutes to the 90 day best, then we can move mole Ray. to day one maybe have more and Cure on day one and then we could or yeah or more and Kyle on day one and then we could have Kennedy Kira me break. Benson okay, and he thoughts on that. Anyone, do we know what they're talking about, you know their topics. Come on to those.

I only know Kennedy so far because you know as as you know, like I told Todd and Damien marketers do not ever know what they're gonna present until like the day of I said Teddy, I still remember it like yesterday and I was literally like biting my arm when Phil saying was an MFA live and he's like, yeah, you know, I was I was on the plane getting ready for this presentation and I was like Bro, you got people that like bought tickets and flu here from India and you're putting together your notes while you're flying over like I was like don't say that man. You can't say that. Yeah, but I know he's not the only one literally that's what they all tell me. Yeah, so so if you can make those changes and send it over to me, I think that would be helpful gonda. Got it.

And then what we're gonna do is scroll down a little bit, please. On day one in the afternoon. We're gonna do our our Master mining day two is going to be a networking networking and let again words inform let's not call it chill massage, uh Network and I said chill because we're having massages and wine, but I don't know what I'm such on the schedule. This is for my this is my personal, you know, I understand but the way we write it down the way we talk about it then becomes the way we think about in the way to communicate about it. Let's just call it Network and Consulting with massagers and wine because this will be time.

So John's gonna offer to do traffic audits for people and so just like obviously I don't know what's up with Paul and his dad. I don't know but if Paul's there this is when Paul will do stuff as well. They want to schedule time. Okay. Is there something specific Chris that in your experience through MFA live through top 1 conversations.

Is there some specific area that you feel that people have asked you a lot about that you could bring a lot of value to if they were to say. Hey look over this with me. merchant processing Yeah, do you feel like to offer on that area Chris? I mean, I really really basic it's pointing them in the right direction and I feel like that would be better better served. No, like I think that would be better if you message somebody say hey if you have any questions to reach out, but an actual session at a top one of that, I'm Merchant.

I'm not a session not a session. I'm saying that during the networking and Consulting with wine and massages that what happened last time as we said. Hey Paul is here and Michael Drummond are here. So if you want to have a 40 a half hour session have them look over your idea your offer the work with you John's gonna be here so gonna say hey if you want John to do a traffic audit you can schedule a time and he'll do a traffic on it with you. Oh, yeah, I mean I I mean I'll help in any way shape or form.

I don't know help but is there something that Teddy I didn't coaching honestly, I think setting up a coaching program how to set up a coaching program or question. That's valuable. That's not what do you think Daddy? Yeah, that can be valuable. Okay, Daddy.

What about for you? Okay, so I'll do I'll do tracking reviews. Make sure they're okay. So so Glenda, can you please make a note about that very important very very important. This is taking place during the networking on day two.

Correct. Okay, so we have Chris teaching about or coaching coaching program fulfillment. There you go. I like that I missed that coaching program fulfillment program. Okay.

okay, and then Teddy tracking tracking reviews tracking audit. Yeah, something like that. And where are we doing massages in the middle of the hallway again? Like what room are we in? Well this time we're in Hawks.

So the massages will be right in like they did it study. The session is called networking Consulting and hallway massages. If you drinking wine and Consulting is this is oh, yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Whatever, whatever you feel.

good, the best information to people is this gonna be formatted like what we did with Michael and Paul that you know, you mention it and then they have to Tell me I wanted like okay perfect so it'll be in time. So how how long should each? What do you say happy hour or 45 minutes 40 to 45 minutes half hours too long half hours going to be rushed 45 minutes, okay? So it's just Chris and Teddy right now. If Paul comes out and John and John, so what well we have John do.

ah media traffic performance audit paid media performance audit Okay, very good. And that's value. That's like such value to people right rather than again one for everybody to listen. Like there's a difference between. Oh, yeah.

We'll all be around in case you need help. As opposed to saying hey, you can schedule time with blah blah blah blah blah and I I would offer my time as well, but I'm usually running around putting pieces together and so on and so forth. So I don't want you to think I'm above meeting with people, but I'm always meeting with them Non-Stop and so All right questions. So you guys were saying that we should give an hour and a half to the professional best. No, what's it at right now 45 minutes.

No, I had it at an hour. And so now moving it to school more time, please. I'm just saying like, you know, we generally don't get started. Till 9:50 9 10 9 15. Yeah, you're right.

It'll down and then Todd and Damian are enjoying for 10 or 15 minutes. And then it's You know depends depends how many long-winded on how many people are in the room and who the long-winded ones are, but I haven't starting at 9:15. Okay, and then I would move it down to 10 15. So an hour. Yeah.

Chris I know Chris is like, oh my goodness the schedule's not congruent this whole thing's gonna be a nightmare. Oh and the lack of symmetry is disturbing. It is really not it does it's it's so like useless to think about it that way because it never happens that way every time we're in it things always extend and we end up doing our buyer break a little bit later, but what I'm trying to do, why not making a bad you're gonna mess it up. Anyways, it's still the idea and principle behind it. I'm not saying I'm right.

But Damian is right. It is driving me crazy. I just don't look so the reason why I was asking because I was trying not to have the Bible break too late in the day. um, if we do it after Todd's keynote, I usually goes for an hour, so that would mean they're sitting in there for over two hours without going potty and most of the time they'll end up walking out during that's what I'm trying to avoid. So that's I'm trying to see how I can right.

All right, we'll just you have an idea play around with it. Send it back over. If you need to obviously, you know, happy to look at it again. I will look at it again. Um, let's talk about the last thing which was can you explain to everybody with what you were really about implementation or action?

Yeah, so it the book was saying that after every lecture just to keep people their energy levels high and to also bring implementation that it should be followed by some type of exercise. Which is obviously about the same topic but you know from an interactive perspective something that they can interact whether that's doing a quick turn to your neighbor or you know, talk about this with somebody and let's see what you come up with. And so that's what I was thinking. Maybe we could do with our in-house which Todd Damian. I'm John if maybe we could do something like that.

Right. It's just break it up. I also breaks it up. So it's not just them sitting listening sitting listening taking notes, but they're putting things into action as well. I mean I think in church we do that really well.

So I mean, I think there's a lot of a lot of things that we can pull from, you know, like get into a small group maybe you know in some context turn to your neighbor write something out. I mean, it doesn't even need to be turned your neighbor too. It could just be writings having somebody actively right now, you know my presentations into like turn to somebody on your tea. Yeah. No, I don't know.

Um, I really like what you're saying. I'm just not sure how I would say, let's start blend up by you certainly. Seeing if that's something Todd wants to include in his periso. Mm-hmm. And what I said was just I'm just saying that off top of my head.

I'm not saying that that's I'm just saying let's try to see how we can do something. Yeah interactive for them. Not necessarily turn to your neighbor, but just something that has to do with what you're speaking about, but it's also like breaking up the Lecture lecture lecture format, you know. Okay, I will think about it from my preseason. Any any big takeaways from funnel hacking life?

Oh my gosh. First of all, I was extremely overwhelmed the first day because I didn't realize there was gonna be like 5,000 people there. I thought it was gonna be like a thousand to two thousand and when I saw the mat like the massiveness of what that was. I was just like, oh my gosh, and I would say like they the last day that we had Ed. Mylett speak.

And he had me in tears and I was just like what is going I felt like I was in church like at a church conference. I got it in the back and I had a hat on so I kept like covering my face so nobody would see me but um, he was just you know, what I found a lot with most of the speakers where they were very motivational and and powering so what they would say, I was like darn I don't know the business and I feel like going and finding something now that I want to get into you know, so Yeah, one thing that Ed said that stuck out to me was that if you want to be more influential stop trying to get people to believe you they got to believe that what you're representing is something that you believe in. Chris that reminds me of something. I was a good word. That was a good word Glenda.

Listen, I'm telling you. I felt like they were preaching to me all week. There was so many of them that and they would even include scripture too in some of their And some of their presentations which I thought was crazy. Don't get me wrong. They would curse a little too but they school and say like, oh, yeah, that's what John says in Scripture.

Yeah, and so what what a takeaway right put this in the notes for the um for the vision cap for top one is especially when we're at the man. She's a little bit like should we incorporate some sort of something that inspires people? You know on because let's be honest, right? Like, you know, if you look at MFA live versus fhl right, totally different everything but people would come to our experience and they'd be like, I got so much information. I got so much education and people walk out of fho going.

I feel so inspired and so positive. Yeah, but there's a fundamental like, you know, we're talking doers versus dreamers, right 100% a hundred percent. But the point is that there's value In people coming and walking out and don't like oh man when I walk out of top one and they do this now, but is there more that we can do to have people walk out of top one and feel like man I could conquer the world. Right you I I did too. I think and I agree with really what both Teddy and yourself are saying right there, you know, we are talking to doers but the same time inspiration is usually the pretty cursor of every major life-changing event you've ever had in your life, right?

It doesn't matter. If you're not there is this element of inspiration now that doing can inspire you but there is this mindset component that even even for a doer, you know, maybe less it may not need to be as jazzed up. But I think there is a mindset element and Teddy it goes back to what you've been saying for years, right is there is this mindset component that that is maybe still missing so well, I I think you know, I think one thing that we could potentially even try and this coming one is like during professional best. It's not just what did you do in the business? But like what was one personal growth thing that happened to you in the past?

Yeah. Yeah. Make a note about that Glenda and I'm assuming all these notes are going in notion, right? They're not going in post. I'm just I have like this strange fear that there's like Post-it notes all over your house of things that I am jotting things down on my notepad as we go along so then I can you know, put it in Online so, okay.

Good. Okay. Got it. You know my remind me before I do personal best. I'll see if this group can do that without getting into like well, you know when I was a child, I fell off a bicycle and it turns into like 80 minutes of therapy.

Oh, yeah. No just like, you know over the past quarter. Like was there one thing where you feel like you've grown personally that would help other high level on your room from a mindset or personal growth. Okay. So Glenda, can you also please are I love getting your notes about the the book and starting to think about that which is perfect going into the vision meeting.

We'll have a November for fhl. Can you post up for us? Either on the leader Channel sent to me or put it on the top one channel just you know, five, you know, five ahas and five things that you're gonna think about implementing or changing. Or incorporating to make top on that much more of a successful experience in program. Okay.

All right is everybody good? I know we're past our 1:30. Yeah, any other offers running this week? I had a question about the Mastermind because I missed you guys talking about it. And you said you were going to post a video.

So that's all that needs to be done right now. Because we're gonna help us out. Let's see how people respond. Yeah don't need to do anything right now. Okay.

Got it. Yep. Um, all right. Yeah. So for October you said promotion so Todd is focusing.

So what's gonna happen is Todd is going to focus on the Marissa promo continuing the Ford promo. And then the Marisa promo where someone sending our non buyers to a promotional Marissa Murgatroyd good product different offer and see if it's a hot but our buyers and then October we're just gonna do a really three things which are really more like two things. We're gonna run coffee boarding and early October because it's a lower ticket offer. And so especially in terms of activating buyers, that would be good to see then we're gonna promote the swipe file internally and then we'll have our big partner promotion for the supply. So we're doing anything with that other the email.

persuasion funnel that I changed to the so we're just we're just gonna leave it for now and at top one Todd and I are going to go through the Is going to check our Todd and I are gonna check through the follow-up campaign on that. Okay, whether something I need to be monitoring or not. No, I mean I'm tempted. I'm tempted Teddy to just say at this point the new offers not working any better. It's just to switch back to the original.

Um, except maybe run it as a delayed after cart. Well, so like the question is are we're not running in traffic to it. And no, I mean we're running leads to it. We are still running leads to because I didn't see a whole lot of traffic last week. That's why I was asking about yeah.

No, we're running leads to the email subject lines. Okay. Yeah, but let's just leave let's just leave it the way it is. It's not it's not it's not worth it. Let's let me just wait until I'm able to sit down what's on and we'll go from there.

That's good. All right. Awesome God what one more one more big takeaway for TNC is you're saying what can you bring bring back? Another top bring back a great top one member. Yep, right.

They talk about their Mastermind. It is a mini conference. I did a breakdown of it in the channel. I don't think it holds a candle to top one, especially because you actually get guys from the guru. Um, and so yeah.

Something fun. Alright, how fun guys alright peace and great job going to get it done. Keep going. right
