---
title: "Level 10 2023-10-02 15:30:37"
date: 2023-10-02
duration: 19m
duration_seconds: 1175
vimeo_id: 870355992
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-10-02 15:30:37

**Date:** 2023-10-02 | **Duration:** 19m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

How are you? Good man. How are you? Good, really good. Um, busy, but good.

You? I'm good. Had a, had a good week at, uh, funnel Hacking Live. Oh yeah. Did you run into Lou and his boys?

Uh, I did not see Lou and his boys. I did see Phillipe and Paulo. I was surprised she didn't run. I, I think I thought Judah actually, uh, except that something on stage, His little, uh, yeah, it could be. I mean, I didn't go to the awards room.

Yeah. Okay. Fair enough. How was it? Uh, it was a perfectly architected event to sell a 2,500 a month coaching program.

Yeah. I'm I, no doubt, no doubt. That's what they're good at, man. That's what they're great at, you know? No, It was, it was well done.

Uh, a couple, couple good speakers. Definitely couple, couple ahas, but, uh, yeah, I just went, I went for the networking. Did you have any successful networking? Uh, yeah. Uh, actually I got somebody, somebody who might be a good fit for top one that we should talk to.

Um, his name's Jeanette Metta. Um, he's been in the game for a long time. He is at a lot of events. He's already in a lot of masterminds, digital agency, uh, kind of like John, multiple Two Comma Club award winners. Um, but he, he approached me about it, so he was interested.

And when you say digital agency, what does he specifically do? A little bit of everything. Traffic tunnel building strategy. Yeah. Okay.

Yeah, I'd wanna understand a little bit more of what he does, but yeah, definitely open to, to conversation. If you wanna make an intro, we're just having an map actually is the best next step. It's always, um, how are you, Glenda? Good, good. How are you guys?

Good. I haven't heard your coffee yet this morning. That's fantastic, Chris. I'm not talking, so that's why, Um, it's not talking. Geez.

Um, all right, well, let's, uh, let's get to, we have a lot to cover. Um, so let's, uh, Chris, can you give us just, uh, an overview of last week and then I Yeah. I'm pulling up ClickFunnels right now. My, my internet's going really slow. I'm sorry.

Yeah, just going forward. Always, always have that up. That's always the first thing we don't wanna dive into is look at last week's bullet, Chris. Yeah. My, my internet, like I said, wasn't working.

That's why I was on my cell phone when we first jumped on. So that's, that was the intent. Uh, the internet obviously is a crucial component to get that done. So, um, here we go. Here we are, Joe Oray eight K sold 27.

Yep. And so that's we, yeah, So, so send 'em another check. Um, send it, send money fast. That's always a good practice. Yeah.

And do, do you remember what, I think we said a, I'm trying to remember what we said per sale. It was a hundred or something like that. I'll look it up. All right. And casting for conversions.

So let's see where we ended on this one. A little. It was higher than that. You're not pulling the right numbers, right? No, that doesn't seem right at all.

That went down like 20, I think it started before the 25th. Oh, that's why. Yeah. Makes sense. So let's just say Thursday.

Yeah. Great job on that, Chris. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, sold 81.

That's, that's great for that. And those 11 are three pays, I think of 2 97 too. So Yeah, two pay. So that's another, Yeah, two pay. So that's another three grand.

That's a winner, Chris. Good job, buddy. Thank you. Yeah, that's, that's a huge win. Uh, very good job.

All right, so let's talk about, uh, coming up, uh, swipe file. So I, I got off a call with Todd, um, to kind of go through things. And so the workshop, and it was very confusing. The workshop was actually a bump offer, so that wasn't the campaign. So when we sold swipe, so what we're just frame of reference, we did this decade plus last year, we did whatever, 300 something thousand dollars.

We decided to do a short print run, run it again, just, Hey, by demand people have asked for this. We did a super limited print run, 30 copies, whatever it is that we're gonna say. Um, and we're just trying to figure out how to, what we did before. Um, and so there was a campaign, was the original offer getting an echo? Someone's got me on an echo.

Okay. Uh, was that there was a bump offer to a workshop. So they did a paid workshop that showed 'em how to use the swipe file. Um, that's the campaign you were looking at. The way the campaign was run last time, Chris was, it was the click sequence led to a waiting list.

And then the card opened, which was a conversion email. And so Todd did not run it as a bullet 'cause he likes to run big promos in broadcast. And so here's what needs to happen. So you pay, this is all, this is all getting recorded, so you can go back to this. Um, and you could also write this down.

So the first thing you need to do, again, I'll hop in, I'm glad to crank on this tonight. I'll do whatever I need to do, uh, copy wise if you need help, if there are pieces that need updating, whatever that, uh, either beyond you or beyond you and Jay Shell. So the first thing you need to do is you need to go back and look at the broadcasts in that window and figure out what emails were sent to who. I, I already, I already did that. I already pulled them in.

I already pulled everything that was sent as broadcast into a campaign. But yeah, they were weightless focused. So my confusion or concern was, are we running this as a wait, wait list? I mean, my thought was three days to build a wait list and open a card on Friday for the weekend. Yeah.

So my thinking is to run it just exactly the same except the wait list this time is, hey, buy proper demand over the last year. People then keep asking for this. So we decided to do a limited print run. This is the wait list. We're opening it up this weekend.

There's only 30 copies. Do you know what I'm saying? Um, and so what needs to, you know, we'll still do, we'll still do, uh, stew, we'll still do the workshop as a bump. There's no reason not to, we'll still do Agora as the upsell, keep all that stuff the same. Um, really where, where the, in addition to making sure the emails all make sense, Chris, is there's gonna be a little bit of work in just making sure that on the page there's nothing that references, you know, if it says for the first time ever, or I've never done this before, it's just gotta be updated to last year.

I did this for the first time ever. It's been closed since then and unavailable, but people keep banging on the door asking for this. So I decided to do a limited run towards the end of this year. Once they're gone, they're gone. Right.

For all the people that missed out. Um, and then you're also, and, and the Workshop's not, and the workshop's not live. And the workshop obviously is not live. Thank you Teddy. And then just make sure in the video, uh, you'll just have to listen to the video and see if anywhere in the video he says anything by 2022 where he references the year.

And if so, Jayden might need to update that. In addition, on the sales page, some of the, you know, Todd creates some of his pages with images not text. So there might be an image that says 2022 on it or have a date on it. And so just get those over to Jayden and have her update those. Yeah.

There's images in the emails too that need to be updated because they have a hard Date. I can tell you launch launching today. You're talking, uh, it, it sounds like this might be a no, not, No, no, no. We're not gonna, we're not gonna launch tomorrow. I'm sorry, I, I mean, say I'm saying launching tomorrow.

This seems like A, ah, no, I mean, look, I think we have one, one of two choices. Hold on. Lemme ask Todd a question since he's texting with me. Yeah, it just sounds like everything needs to be redone on it. So I I, yeah, I, the images and if you can do some of the images, that would be, Um, just get 'em to Jaden.

That's what we have her, she's on retainer. Get 'em to Jaden and tell her we need 'em and we need 'em by whatever tomorrow. Whatever. It's The email image. All she's gotta do is crop out the date.

She doesn't even have to recreate the image. Okay, cool. Um, okay, so just asking Todd, Todd, one second. All right, so, so Todd said probably not a big deal if we run it next week if we had to. So what if we, what if we did this?

Let me see. Um, okay, here's my idea. Let's start this. What do you think about Thursday, Chris? Do you think that's a reasonable aggressive but not inhuman deadline?

Yeah, I, again, I, i, I don't know because I don't know what, um, you know, the project that you want me to work on, um, this week. So I, I I Don't know. Yeah, it's gonna be, it's gonna be a packed out. It's gonna be a packed out week. That's just, it's what it's Totally, again, I, I dunno what that entails.

So, um, I have, Okay, so let, let's say, let's, let's go for Thursday and worst case Friday. And in the meantime, why don't we fire that other micro bullet that we're gonna do next week. We've gone to the head. Let's fire that for the two days right now. Which one is that?

Lemme Look. Whatever was on the list. So if you look in notion, We were actually gonna, we were actually gonna fire, we were gonna fire Benson's to, you want me to fire that? Um, hold on. We just did come to the head.

Head Crushed. Did. Okay. So, um, lemme see. Today is the second, I'm just looking at my calendar.

I think we'd have, I mean, how many days do you think we need for Bensons Teddy? I got three swipe emails for it. Um, So just one a day and what, what about conversion? No, nothing on that, right? Just No, he handles it on his end 'cause they opt into his list.

The other option, Teddy, is we could do it, um, next week. So we could do, we could leave guns at the head on the bench. We could do it like Benson's the nine 10th and the 11th because by then the early notification, whatever the wait list for the deck guide plus will be done. Do you know what I'm saying? So you're saying we would run, so we do, wait, so we're gonna run wait lists, what, five, fifth through the eighth and then not open the cart till the following Thursday?

No, I mean we would open the cart whatever Monday, Right? Yeah. So you wouldn't know, right? But The, but the point is, we would've, We Would exclude the, we would exclude the wait list and mail the house list to Benson's offer on Monday. I'm just wondering if it's just too cramped to to to, unless you think we could pull Benson off.

Um, I, I think we pull off in two days. Just do two today and one tomorrow. Okay. Wednesday's three. I'm, I'm good.

I'm game for that. I'm gonna put notes right now in, in notion. So hold on one second. So 10 Actually more accurately the one, one today, two tomorrow, because I'll get, I'll get the first one out there set a little later today. So Do you need me to jump in on that or is that one You got it.

It's going to his funnel. Um, I mean, and if you've got something else you need Chris on this week and you need me to take care of this funnel, sure I can handle it. Appreciate that man. Thank you. Okay, so this is the note I made just so we're all on the same page.

So this week's audible, Monday, Tuesday we promote the Benson offer, which Teddy will handle. Then Thursday we begin wait list, uh, for decade plus next week we can do a micro bullet after decade plus. But let's play it by ear. Meaning if for some reason we don't get the traction we want on decade plus, we might decide to go to the whole list to, to push the final units. But hopefully we get enough on the wait list that it takes care of itself.

Are we all good with that? Yep. Mm-hmm. Anybody have any questions? Do you want me to do decade plus or Crystal?

Okay. Yeah. Chris is, I mean, unless there's stuff, there's stuff No, it sounded like you had, I didn't know if you had, it sounded like you had something else for him big to work on this week. I don't know if it was. No, I I asked Chris to help out with some, some real estate with God stuff.

'cause we're getting bombard coaching students and we need some, some experience in there. But, um, he can handle both. Um, he's been handling the bullets, so I want him, and he's been handling the copy, but if there's stuff that you're not sure about, like get Jaden, the, the only thing that should be a hangup. So if there's any logistical stuff, Teddy should know the answer. Like why are these emails here?

Like, but if there's any design stuff, which is probably the only stuff that's gonna slow you down, that's all jaded. Hey Jaden, update this video. Edit out this. No, I got it. I I was just, I I was just saying if we were launching today between this and all the other calls we're doing today to even get coordinated.

Yeah. Thursday. Thursday, Exactly. But that, that's why I was saying, And, and just so we're all on the same page, if you look at it last year we converted around and obviously we'll need to remove the partner bonuses too, Chris, right? So we're not gonna pay partners out on this.

So obviously it wouldn't be right or fair to use their bonuses any longer. Yeah, no, that, that is very true. Okay. All right. Questions?

Not at the moment. Teddy questions. I'm good at the moment. Also the partner bonuses. Yeah.

And there might be a few other, uh, broadcast emails, Chris, that were sent that I didn't include. 'cause we didn't need as many because it was like a week long campaign for the wait list last week. But, so you should have enough in there to work with. But if you need a couple more for some reason, let me know. Um, And for, and for the broadcast, is there a, is there a way that we wanna See?

I wouldn't do it. I, I, we're gonna do it as a campaign, just like we, we always do. Just when Todd's running it, he runs it as a broadcast, but all the emails he sent as a broadcast are in that sequence. I said. Okay.

Cool. Um, okay. So we all good? Yes sir. Alright, good.

Well I'm excited to see, uh, uh, Teddy, I feel like I haven't seen you in forever or talked to you in forever. I've been traveling, so. Yeah, I know. Well, I'll see you in, uh, are you coming to the full copy legends experience? Absolutely.

Uh, and the pre cocktail hour and all that? Yeah. When do we need to get in there? I actually need to book my flights this week. Um, Monday.

Monday afternoon? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Um, and so, okay, good. Well look forward to, to seeing two of you.

I won't see you there, Chris, but that's okay. Uh, you'll be with me. Um, alright, I'm distracted 'cause I'm already going into my next meeting. I'm gonna keep I'm gonna keep Glenda on, uh, talk some top one prep stuff. Uh, Chris and Eddie, you are free.
