---
title: "Level 10 2023-07-03 15:29:03"
date: 2023-07-03
duration: 32m
duration_seconds: 1936
vimeo_id: 841921434
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-07-03 15:29:03

**Date:** 2023-07-03 | **Duration:** 32m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up man? Hey. Hey. How, how, how you doing, man? Oh dude, it's dark in there.

Where you at? Uh, David Levine's basement movie theater. Gotcha. Makes sense. How are you?

Good. Just groggy this morning, man. Uh, yeah, I broke my, uh, or I broke our, broke our, uh, coffee pot caf. Oh, Yeah. Yeah.

It was like, just super, super groggy this morning. I did something so, so stupid, so dumb. You know, I don't know if you, you have those, I don't feel like you get morning grogg, but I, I, I assume in your life of being Damien and there's been a time that you have, uh, and, and so I was just out of it. I wasn't thinking I didn't, it's so dumb. I'm like, I can't believe I'm sharing this, but this is just humility here.

I grabbed the whole raf, so we have a, a like a water filtration, right? Right. And it's like on our counter. So I, instead of like grabbing a cop, I was like, I'm too tired. I'm just gonna grab the whole machine and put it under the, and put it under the water filter.

Right? Right. Pull it in. And I didn't, of course, like a dummy, the craft is in there, so it just falls right off. Shatters into a thousand pieces.

And, uh, so I have no coffee and no craft to make coffee. Um, so that was a very smart moment. I, I gotta be honest, I I, I say this with, uh, love and affection. You're like a heroin addict with coffee. I've never seen somebody start and stop so many times, you know?

Well, that's just show that if anything, it shows me that I have self-control. Most people don't stop. I have self control to stop for fi five or six years. That's impressive. Most people can't stop for, you know, a week.

This guy shows that he, hey, if, if he, if he doesn't want it, not Gonna have. And, and just so you know, morning Teddy, that's not a commentary on, on coffee. Uh, you know, like people drink coffee and that, that's fine. I don't have a super strong opinion on it, but just like the, the rollercoaster of up and down with the coffee man, Well, hey, it, it, I was on for a long time. I quit it for five years and then I decided, hey, I really love coffee.

And, uh, lemme try it again. See if it's what Life and marriage is better with coffee. Yeah. I mean, I, I, I always thought co coffee and beer are the two greatest, uh, uh, beverages in the world, in my opinion. And so, you know, uh, you know, if I, I'm not, I don't drink beer cuz it does affect me.

Uh, and coffee used to, but when coffee stopped, you better believe. I was like, yes, I'm gonna drink you for sure. And so, but not today. Obviously Damien not today. Today is not my, today is not my day.

Um, uh, so I'm waiting for Glenda. How are you Teddy? I'm doing pretty good. How are you? Where, where are you?

You're in Jersey, I'm assuming Jersey in David Levine's, uh, movie theater basement. Nice. So I did for later. Um, all right. So I'd messaged Glenda, I'm waiting to see, uh, let's see where she is.

How are you, Teddy? All right. Can't complain. How did the, uh, rich launch go? Uh, let's go.

It's not, not not gangbusters, but it's something, it's a new front end, so, yay. And is it going to paid or is it going to coal? Uh, unconverted leads. Where is it? Who it going?

It's Going, it's a house list at the moment. We'll go to, we'll go to cold eventually. What's the price point? Uh, 2 97 or 3 97 for the v i p. It's a weird offer.

I'm not, I'm not totally crazy about it, but cuz it's like, so it's a, it's a five day, it's like a five day AI challenge kind of thing, or like a, it's a five day masterclass, right. And how to create campaigns with ai. Um, and so for 2 97 you get access for the week for 3 97. You get to keep it forever. Little gimicky.

Yeah. Little gimicky. Uh, and, uh, what are the, what's percentage conversion rates right now? Uh, I haven't Looked this morning. I think it was around four or five over the weekend when I looked, when I looked last, looked at it.

Not bad. It's not bad, you know, is that to unconverted leads or is that the buyers or both? It's the entire list. Yeah. Yeah.

So I'd be interested to see what it's doing to non-buyers. That's really the, the telltale, you know, if, if you could do 4% plus to non-buyers on the list, you could probably do potentially 2% to cold traffic, which means 2% on the 2 97 leads at 10 bucks a clip, it's five, you know, uh, means you need whatever, 50 leads, so $500 to get a 2 97 sale, plus you have some upsells. Put you in the ballpark, you know. All right. So, uh, not sure, uh, hope Glenda is okay.

Uh, should be, she Was texting me this morning, So Yeah, I have a text and Slack out to her. I can only assume that either she's driving or she's on the phone with, uh, hotels. Uh, but in the meantime, uh, let's get to it. So, let's, uh, anybody have any, any wins or any news they wanna share from last week? Um, I mean, I think, I mean, of course, getting all the campaigns out, but I just got a couple, uh, Uh, Reviews back or responses back from people in support, uh, in, in response to that email we sent out.

Yeah, I saw that. That's awesome, man. Yeah, I thought that was awesome. You know, when people take the time out, you know, time out just to be like, Hey, that would, it was impactful. So it's awesome.

Yeah. Yeah. And, and, and did I know we were slacking did what I say about the point of view and the story. Did that make sense? Yeah, Yeah.

It, it, it did, it did. Right. And that, that actually, I mean, some of the ideas you sparked, I don't know if you noticed, I kind of ran with Right? Like an idea kind of off of that anyways, for that one. So it worked out well.

Yeah. So I mean, it, it's always like, think of yourself as like the insider reporter on the street, like the behind the scenes of, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like, you know, dude, crazy story. He'll never, you know, it was the end of a 16 hour day.

Todd was exhausted. I thought he was gonna pass out, but instead I heard him, you know, have this one little conversation in the corner with a client who had an 8 million business. And this is what he told 'em. I still remember to this day, you know, like, it's like you are giving them this privy access, you know? Um, which is always, again, it's more interesting.

It's always more interesting, like people like hearing things from that story point of view. Um, and then it also just is good in terms of positioning, right? Yeah. Uh, all right, so let's take a look. Uh, all right.

So, so campaign rescue look, uh, you know, for all the, uh, yeah, I don't know man. It converted decent. Not bad at all. I mean, if you look at this, I mean, close to, uh, about 6%, actually probably close, about 6.5% on 700 uniques. Um, and who knows, we might still have a couple sales trickle through.

Um, I know there was at least one test in here, but we have about eight private interrogations. And so Chris definitely want you to set up a, uh, a spreadsheet please. And on that spreadsheet, put on note notification so that whenever you dispo a, uh, a session, I get notified. Cause I wanna watch it and see, uh, again, what's happening with these people. Cuz this is, you know, we did it once and uh, we didn't see any necessary fruit from it, but maybe it was the wrong front end.

Um, you know, I don't wanna just say no to something just cuz we did it once. But the point is, people are doing paid consults or doing 'em at a decent rate. And so, let's see, it only takes one or two conversions for us to scratch our head and go, Hmm, maybe we should do this again. And, you know, maybe it's valuable. And campaign rescue remember is also a little bit, you know, gun to the head is a little bit more opportunistic.

Uh, campaign rescue is more problem driven. And so the people signing up for these sessions are gonna, you know, different set of hand raisers. Yeah, no, that, that's, that's good. And, and I, I guess we won't get to it now, but, um, something to think about will, will be the price point. I mean, if we can get that price point of the coaching down, I think, um, you know, obviously that, that might be a game changer for us as well.

Yeah. I mean, look, yeah, I mean look, uh, in, back in the day, now granted maybe the market's changed in the last, That's more what I'm implying is, is just say with the market changing with the, you know Sure. AI and everything, you know, you're getting Yeah, no, I, I, I agree. I think that if we have a really strong offering, so, um, Todd is back this week, um, cuz again, he was out for most of last week in Vero Beach on a overdue vacation with Kelly. So he's back this week.

Um, you know, uh, hopefully he has time to look over Michael's stuff. And if he looks at it and goes, wow, like, dude, if this is the first iteration, like I can put my stamp of approval on this, I think this is good copy, then we can really sit back and say, Hey, let's, let's start running some tests on this. And maybe that means that we, maybe we run a promo to the list and, you know, generate some appointments. Maybe we, maybe we sell it on a webinar. Um, I don't know.

But, uh, Teddy, what's your thought? I feel like you have, you always have a pretty good finger on the pulse of the market. If we were to do a hey proven methodology, E five plus a live coach plus powered with ai, we'll have your campaign written, plus we'll have your email follows and add copy written and we'll get it done in two weeks and two sessions. Value. Where's the, where's the price point that you think you're like, dude, we, we could use an order form because the value proposition is so lopsided?

Well, I, I'm not su uh, first thing I would say is I'm not sure that I would necessarily reveal that we're using AI to do it. Uh, I mean, it's more, it's more just like James's funnel in a day type offer, right? It's just about speed of execution, whether we're using AI or not. They don't necessarily, like if we were teaching them how to use AI to do It, that's, that's a very, that's a very, very astute point. Uh, very, very interesting.

I don't know whether it ads or takes away value, but either, either way, the end result being in two weeks, in two sessions, you'll have your message written, your unique mechanism developed, you'll have plus, you know, again, we can create 10, you know, 10 unconverted email follow-ups. You can convert, uh, create some YouTube scripts, all that stuff done. Two weeks, two sessions, or 10 days in two sessions. Value, Uh, you know, I would, I mean, given that the E five camp course is still two grand, uh, 1497, but yeah. Yeah.

Still, uh, supposed to be. Yeah, But I mean, but let's, let's leave that aside. I mean, the day of 1997 self-study programs is, it is continually coming to an end, even though we still sell it once in a while. It's not like we're selling a handover fist. So let's forget that, like everything else aside, just in the market, I mean, for, for all that copy to be created, I, I think it's worth five easily.

No, if you want to go no-brainer, then yeah. 20, 2500 bucks, Right? That's kind of what I, I was thinking maybe like a two pay of 1997, like something where it's like, dude, this is kind of stupid, you know? Mm-hmm. Um, and, And, and kind of on what Teddy said too, I mean, there, there's definitely no disadvantage of omitting the idea that we're using ai, right?

Because at the end of the day, we're, we're delivering the, you know, the result. Um, but I do see what you're saying too. It, you know, wa obviously walking them through how to use AI and leverage E five, um, I just don't know in the mind of a prospect, is, is that worth 4,000 or do people think, oh, you're just having AI write it for you? That's not, I can go do that myself. Yeah, Well, it just Also, that's the, that's the whole, you know, knowing where to tap analogy, right?

No, totally. I Just, yeah, but I think that also depends when the time comes. If, if Todd says, Hey man, I think this copy, I could put my stamp on this. I need to understand better. Like, what is Michael's interaction with the client in order to make this process work?

Is it a black curtain or is he saying like, Hey, okay, let me, let me look at this. Let's look at these outputs together. Do you agree with these outputs? Okay, let's drill deeper on like, do you know what I'm saying? I have to understand how interactive it is or isn't with ai.

So we know whether or not that is an option to just leave AI out of it if that's what we feel like. I mean, I, for once, for once, we might be able to actually flip the formula on its head, right? So, cuz before the formula was, you know, go through E five aa, we'll teach you how to build a campaign, uh, and even though we didn't offer done with you, like done, done with you or done for you, was the upsell now done for you is the front end. And if you want us to teach you how to do it with ai, that's the upsell, Right? Like, we'll give you our prompts, we'll show you our process.

We'll show, like, Especially if It's another five grand by the way, Especially If you're able to turn AI into a mini time. You know what I mean? Like, that to me would be that, that that'd be valuable, You know? Right. But, um, so yeah, so right, right now, again, uh, next step is really for Todd to look at the copy and the process and see whether or not he feels like it is up to snuff and whether or not he feels like it represents us well.

Um, and, and then we'll go from there. Um, all right. So in terms of bullets, uh, we are firing out, uh, our July 4th sale, uh, which starts today. Yes. Yeah, it went out this morning.

Sweet. Um, Justin fy I and the campaign rescue, though, we, we did, we did run into an issue that we didn't find out about till this morning when support got, got in and saw all the emails. So, uh, apparently there is a very big difference in Deadline Funnel between a 48 hour timer and a two day timer, which I didn't really realize. Uh, so 48 hour timer is exactly 48 hours. It doesn't give you that extra buffer and go a full two days and end at midnight.

Uh, and so the, the campaign rescue timer was actually set for 48 hours, not two days, and that screwed up some people that got the email and it was already expired kind of thing because of that. So, Okay. So is is, uh, is support getting 'em in the back door, Chris? Yeah, I gave her, I gave her a reset link to, to send anybody who had an issue, and the people that did email, I already kind of reset their tracking and stuff like that, so, Yeah. Okay.

Um, all right. So, uh, we have, uh, 4th of July going, uh, this week. I'm waiting to pull up stats. Uh, click Funnels has this, uh, delayed gratification feature they've added to statistics where you just click it and then you have to just really, I was talking, I was talking to James ABR of James about it. He, he will not confirm or deny, but my theory is that this is Russell trying to force everybody onto ClickFunnels too Really Makes perfect sense.

Like, why else would stats all of a sudden take forever? They loaded fine for years, all of a sudden, Right? Why, why are we not on ClickFunnels too? Because it was, when it was released, it was extraordinarily buggy. I don't know if it's gotten better or not, but that Was why.

And technically we've never actually been given access to it. Todd's never, our accounts never been give given access to it, honestly. Mm-hmm. But I've played with it in the past and it was still buggy, and it still appears to remain buggy, but Yeah. Okay.

All, uh, all right. So eventually, sometime later in this meeting, wow, they really put the delay on this thing. Huh? Did he, did James actually go like, ah, did he like give him, he Was like, uh, yeah, he just, I'm gonna plead the fifth, I think made It obvious. Wow, is this, uh, wait, I still can't stand.

I can't believe and I can't stand that. You can't update the, uh, you can't delete certain orders or put in test orders. Like, that's so annoying, you know? Um, but it looks like we might have had a, an A to Z copy sh workshop, uh, upsell. It's just one that was, that was Chris or me.

Uh, if there was just one order then, then the answer is yes. We already got an upsell, which is great. Uh, we did, maybe we didn't, hard to tell all, but we're getting some, uh, we got some DUP orders in, uh, just to keep an eye on that. Yep. Also, uh, Chris, Kevin Daley bought something, I think Kevin Daley, if I remember that name correctly, that dude is like a, he's old rabbit, I think you spoke to him at one point, right?

Chris? Yeah, I, I know that name. Kevin Daley. Yeah. So you might wanna just check Notes.

He's a rabid buyer. He's bought like $30,000 of stuff from us, and it's never even been top one. So I don't even know how he spent that much money. And somehow we spent 30 grand. He probably did an intensive day, but yeah.

Uh, definitely always worked, checking notes, reaching back out and just say, Hey man, just checking in. Glad you grabbed that. You know, great deal. Hope you enjoy it, man. Just wanna see how everything's doing.

Wanna see your businesses, wanna make sure we're serving you to the best of our ability. What's going on? How's the business, what's happening? You know? Yeah.

By the way, speaking of top one, and I'm, I'm seeking clarification cuz I, I got a weird message about it, but, uh, it looks like Eddie might've moved to Miami and it was like, all right, I'm, I'm ready for top one if Todd's still have me or something like that. Oh, did he really? Okay. I didn't see that. I saw it on Facebook that he, that he moved.

Yeah, but I couldn't tell whether that house was in San Diego or Miami. Like it was, the pose was on, he's like, Rob, he was like, Ram, he's like, because he's private messaged me too. He is like, Hey, we're getting the band back together, blah, blah, blah. But the post was about The same. Did he say he moved to, uh, okay, I'm trying get you from Sandy.

Did he message, did he message you or Page or Todd? He messaged me directly and then he, but he sh but he copied a link to a post that he made. And in the comments of that post was the message where he tagged Todd asking if Todd would let him in, basically. Yeah. So I, I would just, I would just message him back and be like, again, and Yeah, that's what I was trying to figure out.

I was like, did you move? I messaged him back. I was like, so are you in San Diego or, or Miami? What's the deal? Yeah, but once, once he does, I would just be like, dude, epic, you know, super sweet bro.

Like, get your application in asap. So, you know, uh, yeah, just be like, dude, get, you know, get, get your app in ASAP so we could, you know, see, see where you're at with the business and, and, uh, sure. Damien will be excited to hop on the phone with you. Yeah. But I just wanna make sure like there's, there's a process, you know?

Um, and so, all right, so we got July 4th going out, um, and then next week will be Joel's offer. Uh, Todd's done with done or making the final touches in the B S L. I messaged him on the leader channel to have stuff done so we can do the qa, uh, and all that. Um, any questions on, uh, any of that? And then we're, we're, we're honestly, you know, that takes us through this week, uh, and next week.

And then after that we're at, uh, lemme just see what we currently have scheduled. Yeah. After that we have email persuasion triggers. So, uh, Teddy, if you like to work on your own clock rather than a deadline, um, I wanna run email persuasion triggers. Uh, so we've, you know, obviously we ran it as a front end for a while, but we never ran it to as a bullet.

Okay. Um, but we have all the unconverted emails, we have all the, everything's already created. It just needs to be wired together. Okay. Um, so if you wanna start wiring that again, we don't need it till the week of the 17th, but if you'd rather just be able to do things when you're bored rather than when it's needed, I'll throw that on the Radar.

Radar. Okay. Good. Um, Chris, are you ready? Uh, are, is your brain now that we have the 4th of July out and the other one's done, or is your brain clear to start thinking about micro bullets?

Yeah, I was actually gonna ask you, Uh, you know, when, when are we doing that? What does that look like? So on the week of the 24th, we're gonna run E five camp. Okay. And, uh, I wanna start it on a Monday.

And then basically anybody who's not in the click sequence or who's done with the click and conversion sequence by Friday, I wanna drop 'em in the micro bullet. Okay. So, so that gap between bullet one and bullet two, you're thinking that gap is where We'll, we'll drop those micro, Correct. Cuz now that now we're starting to condense some of the click sequences a little bit and, uh, and just being sensitive to going, hey, there's, there's minimal return on investment and we don't wanna beat the list up too much. So what I'm gonna do is we're gonna try this process, uh, inspired by our conversation, Chris, which is, I'm gonna draw a picture And I'm, let's no, let's not, let's not do that.

Cuz your picture ended up being completely wrong and caused more confusion than It. Chris loved my picture. Teddy, I Understood, I understood the picture from like, I understood the picture. It was the, it, it was that that couldn't be done in some scenarios. So just making sure that the pic maybe just running the picture by Teddy first and be like, Hey, can this be done?

Yes. So giving it to me via picture. So look, look, I I, I've become more and more self-aware at this stage in life and I'm extremely good, maybe even the best at a lot of things, certain things, I'm not processes, I'm not, I'm mediocre at best. So I'm looking for you guys cuz I believe both of you individually, let alone together are better at that than I am. Like to just figure out, like I just wanna have one conversation, one communication to hopefully dump out everything that I'm thinking and then have you guys be able to execute it.

And I would just say like the, the, like the thing is we shouldn't be, there should be no reason for reinventing the wheel on these, right? They should all be all be the same, pretty much. Like there shouldn't be this much confusion every time there's a, a different bullet. I just, I'm not sure why I'm, I'm talking about micro, I'm talking about micro, I'm talking about micro bullets right now, but regularly. That's a fair point.

That's a fair point as well. Yeah. I, I, I think if, if there is nuance where something can't be done, but Teddy is the one that knows whether it's it it can be done or not, then, then one message, the the thing that would make the most sense would be dropping that in a group message with Teddy and I, um, you know, I would relay it via a picture cuz I can, I'll, I'll totally get it via picture. I think it's clear, concise, it's one thing. And then if Teddy says, can't be done, can't be done, can't be whatever it is.

And if there's modifications we draft a new picture, we all agree on it. Boom. Done. Um, and, and so I assume in most cases is long as we're following similar, uh, things that we've done in the past, we shouldn't run into an issue most of the time. So it should just be you drop the picture in, we give it an A.

Okay. And then you're done. All right. So I, I'm gonna do that for the micro bullet concept. Okay.

And then I'll drop it in the conversation with the two of us. But once you like, the point is this, once you guys say clear, I don't wanna be a third chef in the kitchen, I want to just be out. So like at the beginning if I drop a picture and you're like, Damien, what you drew is nonsensical or impossible, like fine, like let's all three talk about it. But once you guys go like got it, like I wanna pull myself out of that and just let you guys do anything cuz you guys I'm sure don't have fun when I'm like leaning over the stove and switching the recipe and I don't particularly enjoy it either. Yeah, you just kinda, but so I guess what I'm getting at is like, you gotta make, so like the issue with the last picture was, you know, obviously first of all it changed, we didn't have the vsl, so the VSL changed, but then for the upsells you had, you had two paths, which was if they, they bought the strategy thing, they went that way and ended, or if not they went to the webinar thing and then it changed to you wanted both so that even if they bought the strategy, they still saw and that's where the picture got Yeah.

In, in all fairness. Right. In all fairness to my picture drawing, I drew that picture in 60 seconds while I was talking to Chris on the phone. I'll actually use a Google drawing tool and I'll actually spend a little bit of time this time. I Mean you can hand draw, it's just the logic's gotta make the logic has to match what you, what's in your mind.

Cuz if you just cause that we would, we interpreted it correctly. Yeah. Okay. If they buy a strategy, they go to the calendar. If not they go to webinar and then it was no, well I wanted to see the webinar and thank you page two and I'm like, well they ain't getting to the thank you page.

If they go into the calendar like, Oh, speak. Speaking of, do we know, uh, the people that got dropped into E five camp, do we know if anybody's bought from that or how do we check that Teddy? Yeah, it's in the, it's in the E five webinar funnel. I sold an E five camp, uh, last week. So, uh, to one of my, uh, uh, what do you call it?

Um, uh, your winning offer folks sold, uh, E five camp to that. Um, and, and, and, and two as far as, I mean we're just gonna keep doing what you said as long as it's not, as long as you don't feel like our tweak. So if you drop something in course him Hold, hold on Teddy. So is this the, is this the buyer? Is this Chris's buyer or Chris's buyer should have went through Infusionsoft.

Is this, is this the right funnel? And and is this from campaign rescue? It's the right funnel, but click on, click on the number and you'll see who it is. It's probably Chris. Yeah, Yeah.

Stop buying our stuff Chris. Yeah, that's me. Yeah, I don't see, I don't see any. Okay. Alright.

Um, everybody good? Yep. Okay. And, and I just want, I just want, just so we can seal it with a bow. Uh, so as long as him and I we're gonna make executive calls, uh, well I'm gonna make calls like last time that we talked about in so long as you don't feel like that call is going to obviously jeopardize the campaign or impact the outcome of, of the campaign, then we're not, I'm no, no reason to bring you into the equation.

Correct. Right. Okay. Right. Um, Teddy, where, where are we on smoking?

Did you get those over? Did you get it over to John? No. Okay. Uh, what's left on it?

What's the issue? So I just got, I gotta finish the vsl, which will be done tomorrow during the day off. And then obviously John's out anyways, but I will work on the creatives and all that stuff so that when he gets back we can launch it. Okay. Yeah, like I said, I mean I wanna, you know, we've been, when did it, when did it start?

When did what start The, the AI non-smoking started what? Like may. Yeah, but I, I think, I think the problem was that, that I took it as it was more of a, of a pet project for me. Would no, would no deadline. And so now, now that you're putting the deadline, which I appreciate, Right?

It so, so this is, this is like the cultural diff, right? At first it was like, yeah dude, we don't need to put a deadline on this. Like get, but then at some point it's like, okay, like it's, you know, it's two months. Like let's, right. If this is something that we think might have some promise, like let's let's launch it in the space And I'm doing my typical overthinking and rewriting and and reconfiguring and it's not good enough.

And yeah. So it's right, it's on me, but, Okay. All right guys. It Work man. Cuz I, you know, I do all the work.

I, it, it could be, could be a multi-million dollar business if it works. So, Um, dude, forget, I mean, forget about mul. I mean, dude, if it's just, man, if you just have a cool VSL that sells a non smock smoking pro product, it could kick off money for you every day. Yeah. But I mean, I'd rather, I'd rather like, I'd rather like if I'm gonna do it, I wanna do it right and actually solve the problem and help a lot of people and, and sell a s**t ton of it.

Not Yeah. Yeah. I, I know that. But the point is like, you know, one win at a time, you know? All right.

Um, okay. I'm gonna bounce and, uh, I'll be on Slack and, uh, I'll see you guys. Uh, I'll see you guys later. Cool. Good.
