---
title: "Level 10 2022-07-25 15:58:46"
date: 2022-07-25
duration: 36m
duration_seconds: 2185
vimeo_id: 733308423
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2022-07-25 15:58:46

**Date:** 2022-07-25 | **Duration:** 36m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What up, brother, man? It's cool shirt. Good. on your birthday Thanks, man. 38.

Was it what you do you? oh, yeah, we went went shooting so brought out a brought out some guns out to the range and shot at stuff Yeah, it's my it's my inner redneck coming out, you know. All good. Yeah. When you when you have cousins and uncles named Butch Dax bike and Spud, you know what?

I mean it. It has that and your grandma has a tattoo that says Bob. You're still in by that $30 mic. I told you to buy I want to go. better yeah, that's better I suppose.

How are you teddy? All right. Good. Good to see you Glenda. What's up, Chris?

Oh. and which dog is this Teddy? That is moose. moose Very good. All right, so let's talk about wins from last.

Let's talk about wins from last week. I'll go first. despite Covid and being slightly Delirious. We'll get a bunch of bunch of copy stuff done that I wanted done for top one. So we are one step closer to having an actual marketing plan in place, which I'm super duper excited about and we'll be talking about today.

Who's up next? Professional win from last week I can go. Yeah. So after our call Damien on Friday, I jumped on with Benaiah. And he gave me like a two hour private workshop on Mech Labs methodology in regard to websites just because again, I was just brainstorming thinking through kind of some of the stuff that we were talking about.

And yeah, it was just an amazing and they amazing session really I think brought light to some of the bigger questions for me that you were asking, you know it what undergirds all that and why would you put this picture versus this this picture and it was just really turned out to be like a 20 minute answer he ended up going into a full. Yeah, two hour two three hour session. So it's pretty amazing. Cool, and you feel like you have some stuff that you can directly apply to how we do this. Yeah, I mean at least a parameters now how to look at it, right?

Because I mean again trait creative. I something that's creative for for one application can be disastrous in another right there has to be an undergirding philosophy or understanding of why that is creative and what the messaging is that's going to lead to the conclusion which we want which is that they're gonna click whatever button it is and get more information. And so it was just really good because they focus on iPath. I'll really just a flow of a web page. Like that's a big big thing that they're they're great at and yeah, I was directly in line with what we're trying to do.

So help I think help me a lot. cool Amanda Yeah, I would have to say talking with the hotel and you know working on those concessions and pushing for that which actually turned out to be a benefit because now they are definitely giving us much better concessions than what they were originally trying to do. So. Yeah, yeah, so that's a huge huge win. So Glenda got us a 20% reduction on our last experience based on all the Are the shortcomings that we experienced and so that's great and it's it.

Look it's great for a couple different reasons. Obviously, it's great for the company financially. It's great. Also just for the dynamic of the relationship that they understand like hey, look if you really give us a subpar experience. We're not just going to be like, oh well, like it's gonna affect the relationship in the graph to pay for it.

And so I certainly think the next time they think about putting us in a subpar room. We'll think about moving somebody else instead of us because they know if they do like we're not just going to quietly shrug it off. And so that was Superman. Great job, Glenda. Thank you.

Yeah, so Teddy I would just say the call you and I had uh the cup calls we had just kind of talking through all the different options for the things that we could do for the site and kind of research and what else is out there stuff like that. Got you, okay. um Oh well, and I did get all the music color stuff shut down. So okay good no more charges on that. Okay, cool.

Alright, so I have stuff to cover with top one. But before we get into that, does anybody have anything else that they need cover? No, Chris Cole wants to be an affiliate. And I wasn't sure what to tell him that he could or could not promote. Especially especially if like, you know, if he sells camp and then that leads to coaching sale like what?

There's anything on coaching. I don't assume there is special sales person sells it but we haven't talked through any of that stuff in a while. Or we can just say no to either right? I mean, this is something that always keeps getting brought back up which even when that question was asked that Todd Todd pose, which is you know, what would you what would you do to add? You know, I love your your answer Teddy.

It's you know, obviously it's hitting on affiliate marketing and it keeps coming back around and so I think even if we don't know how to answer the question with Chris Cole, I think we do need to set some time aside it sometime to talk through whether or not we're gonna you know, we're gonna do this or not, you know, are we gonna turn it on? What are the parameters? Well, and especially because I'm I'll be out at T&amp;C unless you September. So we're gonna do something that will be the time for me to be talking to people so um I mean, it doesn't cost us anything. I don't I know there's always costs as far as time but we have the capacity.

We have the ability. We have we have the people right? I mean if you count over the past year and a half how many people have asked us if we have an affiliate program? I mean, it's I mean we could move the needle and I think it would move the needle. There you go how much I don't know.

Well, that's yeah, I mean move the needle Mean It by definition the needle Intimates a significant movement right that that's what I'm saying. I'm saying it could it all depends on our our effort and and how much we think through it. I mean we know affiliate marketing works. That's why I almost everybody uses it right. I mean there's yeah, but yeah, look, I think we're looking at just too big of a thing like look if Chris wants to promote it.

We know Chris we know Chris isn't going to put together some bogus stuff. So that's fine. So give him a link for camp and that's it. so just can't yeah. I Maybe now is not to call to push back on it, but I'm just curious.

I don't. I don't feel like we've we've we've we've really really done that done that Avenue in a long time and really entertain the idea of you know, praying affiliate program. And what would it take running an affiliate really running an affiliate program? Running an affiliate program requires someone to run the affiliate program requires, right? It's not an affiliate program isn't something that just magically might as well turn it around, you know, like somebody has to like to actually have an affiliate program.

That's not like oh, yeah, by the way, all the links are expired. Sorry, we forgot to tell you and by the way, we like that actually run a program. It means that somebody is running the program. And that is a you know, I'm just dedicated roles for sure. Yeah, I mean we're dedicated person.

I'm rich Asia. That's all she does every day is talk to Partners. Yeah. Yeah, and so I just don't like, you know again because you know, we're not a weight loss company where a marketing company. So when we put things out there that we put out there and then dangle it looks just bad.

It looks bad on it reflects poorly on us. It reflects poorly on the brand. It's the same reason. I'm like dude either have a podcast or don't have a podcast but don't do that. We have a podcast we put up four episodes and then we don't post again for six months like that looks bad.

Is there and it makes total sense? Is there a way that we could do it where it would be it wouldn't be this full-time thing. We keep it simple. Maybe it's just one, you know one offer we do that exceptionally. Well we communicate on that exceptionally.

Well, we you know, not everybody can join we obviously there's verification as far as what offers they're putting out is it in line with our you know, our our standards and we keep it simple and and we kind of go maybe go from there. Like is that a possibility you think it would be? Worthwhile, like if we just did a free five Camp, that's it. Right just one. One program we have one offer, you know create create a very simple standard as far as what we're looking for.

Everything needs to be verified before we pay out on it. I mean with that. just thought I mean the you know, obviously that there's no question it'll work but but I do agree with Damian. It's like somebody somebody's got to manage it. It's not gonna it's not gonna imagine itself right?

So I I can definitely And I mean I'd be willing to do whatever it takes to to make that a possibility because I really do think that there's there's something there. Just I mean over the years. It's a one thing we keep coming back to whether or not we fall through with it or not, but they're they're definitely seems to be at least something there. Even if we start all light, you know set the parameters. Right, maybe just work with a handful.

10 different 10 different people to see how it works and really just take it and do exceptionally well with a small group of people with one program or two programs at Max couple offers, very simple verification process. So to run an affiliate program, right? It's more than hey make sure people get paid on time and they have their links. It's it's let it right. It's putting things in their hands.

It's saying hey like we have new promotional swipes that you could send out. This is the way you know, like it's it's a Quicken people to make money with the program. Right, like it's it's more than just it's not an administrative thing. It's it's being a marketing support to them. Gotcha.

Oh, that's that's I know you're you're kind of like dude, man. I totally happy to communicate with them and help them if they need support and customer service, you know. so Oh, well, just something to think about. I mean if there's a you know. There's a way we can do it.

That'd be great. But if it's not possible, we can't do it at a high standard. I get what you're saying. Yeah, um I just think right now. I think if we had an offer that was maybe a more moderate price point that we could move right because the value in.

Right, you're paying affiliate 40 to 50 percent. The value in the affiliate program is in the acquisition of customers, right? Because you're paying 40 to 50% off the bat. Not that that's I mean look, okay thousand for Camp. We're still making money.

It's a digital product. But the real the real thing is just gonna like man, that would be great. If you could, you know put on an extra, you know, 20 30 customers a week or 100 customers about if you cut whatever Oh, but we don't have a we don't have a product that that price point. That's it. That's the other thing.

or webinar I mean We do it. relax Yeah, because then that's the that's the other right because then Affiliates what Affiliates okay, where can I say? Well you could send them to this funnel. I'll House of funnel converter. Well, you know, we're seeing you know, average rpls of four to six dollars.

Okay? Great. Hey, I sent you 200 leads. I didn't get any sales what's going on? You know like then it just looks bad.

It just looks bad. It just looks bad when it's not done. Well. You know. Makes sense.

And so So fine Chris, I trust Chris, you know how to talk about E5. He's not gonna put some crazy people in there great do it. Was that Teddy? What was that, Teddy? I said, okay.

um All right, anything else before we get into? Nope. Okay anything on this on this? Your way infocast thing right? No, just oh we're just gonna keep driving.

You know, we got about seven sales so far none from cold traffic. We've been around 900 bucks on cold traffic and so we're just going to start Club, you know, Todd's working on the follow-up and some of the other stuff to see how much many more people could push through and then we're just gonna get more data with cold traffic and go from there. And that's it. So All right, so my goal is and I I don't have this fully figured out. I have kind of the end.

In mind, but it's not really clear the rest of it's a little bit unclear to me. So I'm gonna do my best to try to explain this. I'll share this Doc and then you know, Chris and Teddy I'll be looking for you to take the ball on the setup of this. And so remember the goal here is number one, you know again on Todd's vision of hey, let's keep top one out in front of people. It's about two things one how to add a little bit more different things to keep in front of them.

So it's not the same thing over and over again. Um, and then honestly, it really made me step back, you know, thanks to Teddy Teddy shirts and good Intel on kind of what else is being done in Industry. Maybe step back and say, okay. Well, what is it that we want to say about the program what's different about the program? And so I worked on the copy and so not all of it's done but the the parts are done that need to be done done to get started.

And so let me kind of walk you through this and hopefully this will make sense in the next few minutes. You see my screen. Yeah. Yep, so the idea is we'd have headline on the page. You know, so obvious marketers in the game top one product client group that kind of be like a little eyebrow and then the main headline would be no white water rafting no selfies with Lambos and no raw motivation in just in the trenches building monster businesses with most effective Rock response marketing working today period I want to do the the chat conversation, Teddy.

This conversation between like a chat conversation video posted up. And then there would be the hey, this is what it's not, you know, it's not of any conference no motivation inspiration. No, he goes no white water rafting no idea overload and then have A picture of Todd with this kind of blurb of just you know, we talked about what it's not talking about what it is. And then the you know, we have endorsements in the magalog. We have the endorsements.

I'd like to use in in the top one nagalog just kind of like and flip style where they could just scroll left and right, you know, there's Josh Reaper. There's Rich there's Andre and then having at the bottom having one of two ctas either, you know peek inside the top one room, or you know, are you right for top one? They click already right for top one. They go to the are you right for top one page? If not, if they click peek inside the room, then they'll go to a page of Todd teaching which we can either have an immediate opt in or we can have an opt-in after like two minutes.

Where they have to opt in for the teaching and that way again, we're able to segment those people and put them into a follow-up. Are you ready for top one? This is the content for are you right for top one? We're going to leave out this gray section for right now. And then who is in top one?

We'd include the highlight video, which is currently on the main page where Todd goes through all the all the people and says, hey tell us your wins, and then we'd include pictures of members below which once that page is ready. I can work on that with the pictures that Glenda's polling. um, and then the CTL not would either be go to the next steps page which will be you know, or apply today and then I like the idea of having a a leap video message Again, I record can record something for that whenever we need that but the idea being we want to get the multiple ways to have a call to action. So that ultimately this would be a new homepage and then we'd also have different Standalone Pages within this. URL that would be that we could send cold traffic too.

So if they want to do retargeting directly to a teaching from Todd or retargeting directly to a you know about the members page or whatever the case may be we could send them to different locations and have different ctas. and so the way I see this is just all starting with one page on its own, you know top one Mastermind URL separate from you know separate from Todd Brown. and so that's it. I mean, I'm wondering if With the text. Is it too much text.

Do you think I mean that soon there? You're not gonna see it all at once like that though. It's gonna show up as if it's a live text message feed. Yeah. I mean, I I like it at least I like the beginning that at least act as you know, one of the couple questions that he mentioned was, you know, where am I?

You know, what can I do and why should I do it with you? Right and you really have, you know, four inches and seven seconds to address or at least create some interest and I think for me that Tech Message would create interest in my opinion and I do like the fact that it does answer some of those initial questions right from the get-go. You know, I want to talk about starting a private group for our highest level clients. So it does reinforce like what why am I here? What do you guys do and it is different and Damien.

I did check out a lot of different masterminds and that would be something that would be really unique and why I don't think we should add other images because those would be competing images, right? um Yeah, so so I like this I think it's really good. So Glenda just to catch you up the idea being. that I Different beats better and really just you know kind of looking at a lot of the sites for the main masterminds are very much. They look and feel the same as those ours because ours was model after war room and just really taking a step back and saying like hey like Let's let's do different.

Let's not try to do better. Let's do different and really highlighting right what really is different about the way we run our Mastermind group. And so that was you know, kind of came down to these like, you know, we don't do a mini conference. There's no motivational stuff. There's no egos in the room.

There's no white water rafting and there's no, you know ideal idea. Overload. You know what? What side note one thing that might be interested because I know I saw this on Facebook over the weekend. So looks like Lucas and Jim are are in war room and they were just in Cabo for for war room.

It would probably be interesting was Lucas and Jim Okay, Lucas and Jim gotcha. so just maybe worth taking their mind in terms of what they see is the difference and what you know why they're in both even. It's a lot of money. right Yeah. Hotel in Cabo looks sick, though.

Well, I mean dude, I'm not good. I'm just yeah, so Okay. so so Teddy and Chris if you could start crank on this, I'd love to see a First draft what is a reasonable amount of time since I'm off and unreasonable with this? couple Wednesday at the latest it's not sooner. Yeah, that'd be great with keeping with the dark color scheme, or you wanna go light or when and definition of done before we even get to that let's let's clarify our definition of done.

I think. Okay, so not not done. I want to see your first draft of the first of the main page. Okay, I want to see the look The feel. That will be the model for the rest of the pages on the site.

On honestly, I think what do you want to see from? Yeah. What do you want to see for look and feel? Classy simple. Well, that's that's a great question.

I mean, I think I think we want not a thing. I definitely want to stick with different right I want to do different than than what the other right everything. It's got to smell different too. Right? Like if something smells the same even if it looks you know, it kind of yeah.

Well, and and I will say at least on the first before the fold right kind of going in into the first four inches seven seconds that obviously want we want Max focal point on that text component. So as far as design at least for the before the fold, I don't think we need a whole lot of design going on right there because we don't want to track from the text and that Obviously that the text, you know thing that's gonna be playing. Right. So I think what you're saying is just different. I mean, I think the whole messaging is different already.

And so I would hate to detract from that as well to make it busy visually. Yeah, but at least you're busy. I just want it. I remember there was a it was a while ago Todd showed a sales page and I think it was from a Russell special bundle off or something like that. And it was like he used this really cold tall block font.

Do you remember Teddy? It was a rich it was a really sweet font. It was just like a pig there was nothing special about the page. I don't know Chris you're going to you remember it but it was just the the font itself like just made the page pop like it kind of the font had like a little Edge to it a little attitude. It wasn't a typical font.

You see on every day. and so yeah, so I mean I think Just having it look. fresh and different okay. Fresh and different is gonna we're gonna add a day for fresh and different so I know Teddy said Wednesday, but I'm gonna go ahead and say fresh and different deserves, but let's say Thursday. so so what I what I will say is I'm going to I'd like to just see examples of what you're thinking before you get too far down the field.

You know what I'm saying? He yeah, I mean though I think with rough draft is rough draft, isn't that far down the field by definition? Right? I mean there should be a lot of where I mean, we're not I don't think we're gonna Outsource design work at that point yet. So it should be coming.

I mean, that's the road pull on that's the road. The real question is are we are we doing a wireframe or are we doing a design right? Those are two completely different things. You know Damon's got the wire frame there pretty much. like so there's there's popping that plopping that on a page and getting layout but you know, it's like I'm not I'm not gonna pretend to be a designer that we know that's not my skill sets.

Like if you want to design right then I would honestly say I you know knowing that Josh probably isn't available. He's not I would I would consider talking to James like I thought the guy that did the music color pages did a good job. I don't know if he's available. but um now that's a design for you know, now that's a whole different Molex too. Is that is there a Is there a is there not a template that we could just use Teddy that would avoid the whole design thing.

You can't use a template and say you want to be different? Almost I can hold us like it. You're you're you're misconstruing things so attempt. The different if you're using it that nobody your industry uses. Right a template just because right like the temple goes well, it's not unique.

Maybe it's not unique in the universe of uniqueness. But if it's something that is different than anybody else in our industry uses then it's Unique. You put the copy you created isn't that the flow of the copy that you created isn't different right? It's a sales page layout. like It's going to look like sales page.

It's gonna have a different video element than a regular video. It'll have a phone conversation. But other than that, it's like a sales page. And and one thing I I can recall from Friday was you know, I mean there is a reason there is a certain flow that just works and I think we all we all obviously know that there's a certain way of doing things. There's a certain I pattern that every human tends to follow and if you Veer off of it, it doesn't work as effectively if you stay on it, right and so I mean that being said that's probably why we all use the same similar sales message flow.

But the messaging I will say this I think the messaging is different, right and so I do like what you're saying Damien about pairing the message. That's what you need. That's what is like, whoa that that is different and I will say the the idea of the text is different. It is disruptive. I mean, I haven't seen on any of the top one paid.

I looked at like 20 or 30 if actually probably closer 30 different Mastermind pages and I didn't see something like that on there. So I think that would be disruptive indifferent and I do think if we added different font, I like the idea of kind of what would be disruptive in that area without it being gaudy and and weird. So I think there could be and I think that's where this draft comes in, right? This draft comes in and hopefully that answers it for us come Thursday. We look at and say man, that isn't different that looks like every other site or we look and say wow that you know that the messaging paired with the text video thing paired with Unique font I think that is something that sets us apart.

And so but I do it I get what you're saying Teddy, right if we're using a template is that going to differentiate us? And again, I don't know. I don't know if anything would unless we throw away all of the rules and methodology that we're all accustomed to to make it different. I mean, that would be It'd be contrary to everything we do right because it is just a sales page and we're following the same structure and flow as every other sales page for the most part out there, but the elements are different. And the messaging could be disruptive.

Let me let me play around with a version. So you see we can come up with yeah. The only thing I would say like look is just be sensitive to I don't want you doing a ton of work, you know, like once you have a little bit of a sight of where you think it's going like just touch base that way if it's something that I'm like wow, this is I mean, I don't know the most consuming part is getting the the copy on the page and and format it and once once copies on the page and we want to move stuff around that part's pretty busy. Right? Yeah.

Yeah, okay. I still gotta I gotta find the software. Remember and Damien. That can you send that picture of the Blurred out faces that you did. If you have a if you have a decent version, that could be a high enough.

You know quality to put on a web page. Yeah, I do hate the way that looks though. Graduate whatever imagery you do want I need in a folder. Yeah. Yeah, right right.

Now there is no on that page. There is no image. I mean the images of Partners or either from the magalog or or from whatever other site that we have their images on already that we have decent images of them and then there's one image of Todd. Which you can pick whatever image you want. That looks decent.

But I mean the one I mentioning I'm saying because it's a rough draft. It's just to get the idea of it. So if right right because that is the those are the other images that have to be done. You're right. You're right.

You're right. Yeah, and so just I thought we I gave this to you already Chris if that's the I mean if that's the next quality. I don't know if you Yeah, that's that compressed. I mean again if they're just yes those were not done in digital online things. And so But yeah, that was the other thing Teddy that I told Chris is to think about.

And maybe that maybe there are no images right? Maybe that is part of what makes it. Different is that we don't you know, we kind of just focus on Words as images, but there's not you know, I was thinking like, okay, how do we how do we if everybody's used to like, oh cool you go white water after like what's the anti-boy order acting images at that image torn up is that and if you're on fire is it blurred out? Is it what a big X through it, you know, like what? What conveys that message?

What like like meat out of water? Yeah, you know like me does running out of its drying up right now. Yeah. Yeah, so there you go something about Lake Mead. now that all right.

Are you guys good? Yep, Chris you good. Yep. Okay. All right.

I'll be on if anybody needs me. Okay? Sounds good.
