---
title: "Level 10 2023-05-09 15:30:46"
date: 2023-05-09
duration: 38m
duration_seconds: 2297
vimeo_id: 825158743
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-05-09 15:30:46

**Date:** 2023-05-09 | **Duration:** 38m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, Teddy? How are you? Good, how are you? Good. We're waiting for Chris.

Did you just set up your patio or, I feel like I've never seen you here before. No, uh, I just, I don't sit out here as much as I should. So today is the absolutely quintessential, perfect day. Perfect temperature. Nice little breeze.

Especially if you have Lakeview, man, you gotta be out there. What's that? I know, I know. Well, my, my wife used to always sit out here and she would always smoke out here, so it's kind of nasty to sit out here. But she quit smoking, so that's good.

Oh, good. And, um, and Shannon home. So Cool, man. How you doing? Uh, good.

Pretty good. Yeah. Not a whole lot to, uh, not a whole lot to report. Um, yeah. Um, so what's up with the market today?

Is it a little crazy? Uh, I haven't even looked, honestly. Okay, fair enough. Is it crazy? I just saw one of my stocks, took a little PayPal, took a little dive.

I didn't know why. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know if it was indicative of anything else happening. I've been, I've been still mostly trading crypto, although I did try to go trade the F O M C announcement last week and get my ass handed to me, so that was funny that, that's pure gambling.

What was it? What, what was the F1 c What are you talking about? So, you know, whenever, whenever, uh, what's his name speaks when they do the F omc announcement once a month, like, I think it's the third, third Wednesday of the month, uh, everything goes kind of crazy, like, you know, whatever, based on whatever he says, like the market will move 10, 20, 30 points, like the s the s p x s and p 500 wheel. Um, and so you can trade that and as long as you pick the right direction, you can make a lot of money really quick. But, uh, I picked, I picked the wrong direction and stuck with it, unfortunately, so, Yeah.

Hmm. Okay. I'm trying to get a hold of Chris, not finding him. Um, there's a podcast you might enjoy. I've recommended it's a Chris call this last week in ai.

Mm-hmm. I particularly like it cause it's these two super nerdy guys with zero personality and zero agenda, and they kind of just review information. Okay. So it's not this, like, you listen to it and at the end you're like, that's it. The robots are coming from my family.

Like, it's only a matter of time. Like, they're just very like, okay. Uh, Google just added a new set of servers to their, to their AI algorithm. The reason they edited it, like, it's just very like, factual, like, Hey, this is what's happening. Hey, a new chat bot was released, it's doing this.

And, you know, like just very, you know, this is what's happening. And I like, and I like that. I did have, uh, so on Friday, oh, there's Chris. Cool. Um, yeah, on Friday when I was working with Michael on the, on the stop smoking thing, I think I had a, I had a pretty big epiphany and started building over the weekend, uh, a solution that I think would be that I think it'll be kind of killer.

Um, and it's kind of something I've always wanted to do, but was never really possible before, before ai. Uh, so it's, it's, you know how I've always said, like, you know, the easiest way to be able to buy traffic at scale is to target as wide a market as possible and send them to a quiz and let the quiz figure out kind of what to do. Well now with ai, the quiz itself can be built on the fly, right? So Right. Couple, couple core questions, but then from there, the quiz kind of builds itself on the fly.

And I've got it building itself on the fly according to their Enneagram type. Interesting. Right. And then once they answer the quiz, it'll generate the sales letter on the fly based on what they just told me in the quiz, including the offer. And then once they buy the offer, there's a, there was a new library released last week called AI Tutor, where it'll actually build you a complete training program on the fly based on a bunch of very specific criteria.

Like, like what level of knowledge, level of depth do you want to go into on this subject? Do you want a very high level overview or do you want an expert level deep dive analysis? And like, what's your preferred learning style and what's, like, what type of questioning do you want? Do you want Socratic questioning or, but anyways, it's a, Well, what tool for the quiz to do? I'm build, I'm, I'm Build, I'm building it, I'm building it from scratch.

But, so basically the quiz is like, as you answer questions on the quiz, it's going out to chat G G P T. And based on the stuff that I need to know in order to build a sales letter for you, I'm asking you the next question, but I'm asking it based on your personality type. Wow, that's huge, man. Wow. So Still, still playing with it, but, but technically possible.

What are you using? Are you just, uh, form before, um, You're breaking up too information. Your video Is, is there, uh, can, is that better? Yeah. You using, uh, chat g p t for the information or, or is it a direct gap itself that you're building or you to connect between chat G p T four and the quiz?

Yeah, so it's, well, it's a, it's a two, two-prong app. Like, so there's an admin side of the app where you're like, Hey, what's the niche you want to go after? And, and then it'll build some core questions around that niche. Like for instance, like for how to stop smoking. Like the very, the very first question I ask you is like, which, which solutions have you already tried?

Right? But the answers to those solutions are generated by Chad, G p T, it's going out and saying, what are the most common solutions to quit smoking and listing those as possible answers. And so based on that answer, I'll know your level of awareness potentially. Right. And so I can then start whittling down the copy based on what you've tried, how much success you've had with it.

Like that kind of like, I mapped out a whole framework before it kind Of That's amazing. Are are saying though, like, are you, are you platform to build this out? Um, like what tools just type No tool man. No, straight, straight, straight PHP code, straight PHP code that actually chat g p t generated to be honest with you. So, Wow.

Um, that's huge. Uh, and talk about Big Sky, you know, we were talking about before, like that to me, is, is that I mean big? Yeah. I mean, Your internet's terrible, Chris. Yeah.

You need to dial on or something, Chris. Okay, We'll wait for you. One sec. Uh, I think what's important, Teddy, go ahead. AC actually go do what you, you're gonna step away Teddy?

No, I was just picking something. Yeah, I think it's just important is to start with a focus direct application. You know, it's kind of like, just like the knowledge base for E five where it's like, Hey, let's o upload everything. And then I ask a question and it's like, well, it's given me like bizarre answers because the underlying data is like, it, it doesn't know what to do with it. You know what I'm saying?

So I think like, while it's great, like imagine if we could sell any product to any prospect in any situation. It's like, dude, nail the smoking thing. Like figure out how to nail the smoking thing and build a model and something that kicks off money, uh, you know, kicks off money for you and proves that these tools and our methodology be, you know what I'm saying before going to the like, Hey, we could sell anybody to anyone anything to anybody at any time. You know what I'm saying? Well, I mean certainly that will be, certainly the smoking thing will be the first test test of this tool, uh, as to, as to whether it's viable and, and, you know, building minimum viable funnel.

Like there's no, no formatting to the admin pages or, or, or any of that kind of stuff. But like, this is like, the goal of this would be twofold. And this is, this is goes beyond M F A, right? But this would be a get it to work for that offer. B, if we do wanna go play another niches, great, we'll have a tool to do it.

But c this could be the next ClickFunnels, right? Like, cuz there's already an offer in the market. The reason what sparked this was a couple things. One was a combina conversation with Michael. Two was when I was working with Michael on doing the avatar stuff, it took John's, John's prompt, avatar prompt template and only changed one thing about it, which was like, Hey, tailor this, instead of just giving me nine avatars, give me one avatar for each of the nine Enneagram types.

Uh, and then, uh, and then I saw somebody else who has a, a webinar right now that is completely crushing it, which is kind of this push button AI thing, which is the same kind of model. It's like you go in, you tell it the niche and the target market, and it builds a website and a sales page for you and all that kind of stuff. But it's not that, it's a very crude implementation of it. So, but anyways, those three things just kind of came together at the same time. Right.

And, but no, this is, I mean, I, I get what you're saying in terms of get one thing working, but I also, I'm, I'm looking way, way bigger picture than Well, well, it kinda goes back to what we said before, right? Um, early adopters, right now, this is the window. It, it's, it's, it's one of those things where I think, not that you can't jump in later, but I, I I, I, I actually agree with that first conversation that we had. And Teddy, just as a sole separate note, just to encourage you, man, I mean, I think what you're doing is exactly that, right? It's like this is the time where you jump in, you know, if there's ever a time to jump in right now, now would be the time to jump in and, and an idea like that, you know, like, I mean, you wait a year, you wait two years, most of this stuff is already gonna get built out.

You're gonna miss the missed a wave for sure. So, smart man. Yeah. Well, and part of it's too is a market that I, you know, I don't really care about. I don't have a reputation in any of that kind of stuff, right?

So lo watching it as a ClickFunnels type tool, that's a different story, but just testing it out in some broad markets and seeing if it could literally, like literally just throw traffic at it. And I don't have to build any course. I don't have to build any pages. I don't have to write any copy. I don't have to create any offers.

I don't have to think about it. No, I mean, Look, that, that would be a profound, uh, Exactly Profound accomplishment, Right? So, so the goal is to have some sort of proof or evidence of life by top one, so that that could be part of the shared top one as to it's possible too. Anyways, sidetracked. Well, I, I will, uh, since you guys have sidetracked, I'm gonna sidetrack to get you back because I just have a story I have to tell, uh, which is, so, so I, I told you Chris knows, uh, you, you know, I'm doing a little bit of treasure hunting, you know, won this big monster mu unit out in New York.

So I took a road trip to see my buddy. I'm working from his movie theater in his basement right now. So we're unloading this, this thing, and, you know, and it's, you know, random baseball cards, jerseys, all this other weird stuff and, and, uh, including a lot of pirated DVDs, you know, uh, uh, anyways, you know, pirate to DVDs, including Asian stuff, including un unfortunately, some, uh, some smut in there as well. Anyways, so we're, we're, we're, you know, kind of building some bins of things to throw out, uh, just so we could kind of get rid of some of the bulk and in one of the bins, find a photo album, right? Said, okay, that's interesting.

So I picked the photo open, open, and it's pictures of sightings of UFOs. Are you serious? That's serious. From a 35 millimeter phone, and I'm flipping through it and there's like something in the sky. Then you could actually see a spa.

Like, there's pictures of sightings, like from, I don't know where he got it. It's not like part of a, it's not like a collectible item, like it's a dude's Well, you said phone, did you mean camera meant film? Yeah, Film. 35 mill millimeter Film. 35 mill.

I didn't know there's a phone out there. Yeah. Uh, and then my buddy goes, oh my gosh. He's like, dude, just, I hope there's not like a picture of an alien or something. And there's like a picture of a weird alien.

I'm not, I'm, I don't know if it's something he made. I don't know if it looks like kind of like a fetus. Um, it was extremely disturbing. I closed it, I threw it in a box and was like, we probably need to deal with this later. But, uh, certainly, uh, one of the oddest things I've, uh, I've uncovered so far in my treasure hunting.

Did You have to, and send, come on. You don't, you don't just say like, you found Aho a weird photo album. It's like sort of a sci-fi movie. Like, you don't, you know, gotta you gotta take pictures of it. Don't throw it away though.

Somebody, Oh, no, no, no, I won't. Um, and then, and then he had a v h s tape called Manmade u a UFOs. I don't even know what that tape could, what could be on that tape. But it's a VHS tape called Manmade UFOs. And so I don't know if he's making UFOs and trying to scare people.

I don't know if he's finding UFOs. I don't know if he's accusing people of making UFOs to scare the Amer. I, I don't know. I don't know what the conspiracy is. All I know is, uh, it was definitely strange.

I, I don't know. I don't know. But there's a great lead here somewhere, right? Like, I bought a storage unit inside. I found this Right?

I, I was hoping to find a Nicki Mantle baseball card, but instead I found something that's still keeping me awake at night. You know, it was this dude's photo album of, uh, of It was an alien holding a Mickey Mantel card. Yeah, I, I, I dunno, uh, but, uh, Find, we'll get the money back out of the unit. So that's the, that's the key here. Yeah.

I, I, I gotta be honest, part of me is also like, I'm just thinking with the right copy, I put it up on eBay and Mayback itself for some, for some serious money and just be like, you know, opened up this storage unit, found these old photos of sightings, of UFOs. Like, Honestly, bro, uh, I forgot the name of the organization, um, but I'm actually serious about it. Um, I'll, I'll find out the name of it. But they, they have like, the large, they own like the largest collection or one of the largest collections of, uh, U f O evidence. Um, and I forgot the name of it.

I've watched enough U F O documentary. Uh, but, but they would, they would either, I'm pretty sure they'd probably buy it from you. Uh, no, let let me know, man, cuz I got a long road. I got a long road to break even so I could go use the cash. Um, yeah, by the way, you look like you dropped a couple pounds, Chris.

I dunno if it's the camera angle, but No, no, actually it's an, uh, unflattering camera angle. So, uh, thank you. Thank you. Uh, but yeah, I've been, uh, gluten free and uh, drinking coffee. So I'm eating less food.

Okay, that's good. Alright, well now this is, I, I almost wanna end the meeting now cause I feel like this has been the most thoroughly irrelevant meeting we've had in the history of, of our company. You know, I'm enjoying it. I'm enjoying talking with you guys. Um, all right.

So, so here's the recap. So last week we ran a thrive cart to the non-top one, uh, people, non top one campaign. And it was cool, you know, we did something like around, uh, 6,000 6,500 in sales, which we split 50 50, um, which is great, you know, it's great because it was, uh, something, we weren't planning on doing anything during that time. So rather than sitting the list, uh, letting the list sit, uh, sit generated a few thousand dollars bottom line dollars. And, uh, equally important helped out, uh, a valuable top one member in supporting Robin Kennedy.

So that was pretty cool. Uh, we opened cart for the, uh, top one intensive day. Uh, unfortunately, still not sure why, but just no takers, just not, you know, we have about 600 and f uh, actually just shy of 700 people, uh, who raised our hand for the, for the free report lead magnet. Paul's been nurturing them, uh, you know, probably sent at this point, close to a hundred people to the sales page. Um, and so I spoke with Paul this morning, he's gonna kind of switch things up.

I told him like, let's not have a delayed ad to cart. Um, let's lead with the promise of, Hey dude, it's a 25 x, you know, money back guarantee, breakthrough in a day, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Um, so he's gonna make those changes and we'll start sending to a new page. Uh, I also spoke to John. John was like, man, he's like, if that thing doesn't sell out, he goes, I think I could, I could fill that thing, you know, by doing a power offer style add to where warm audience is.

And I said, okay, let's try that. And so, prayerfully, prayerfully, uh, I'm very much hoping that, uh, Paul or John will and or the both of them will, will move the needle a bit, uh, so that we're not in an awkward position of deciding like, okay, what to do. We only have two people in it. Um, you know, because, uh, last thing I want to do is, you know, don't wanna, don't want to turn away six grand. But, uh, equally important, don't wanna turn away two people that could be $45,000 clients.

Uh, but on the flip side also, you know, I'm sensitive to something looking a little weird red. It's like, okay, why are there only two people here? And also, uh, taking up the whole team da team's day to just service two people. Although if it was just two people, we could legitimately start later in the afternoon and it would be just fine. Um, but we'll, we'll, uh, we'll figure that out.

Well, if it was just two, if it was just two as well, you could, you could just schedule them so that, that they're, they each come in at their own time, right? And they don't see the other, so they don't know that there weren't eight other people there before them. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, I said I said breakthrough in a day, but yeah.

Yeah, good point, good point. That Teddy, geez, left and right brilliance. But, uh, that, that to me is, is the answer. That's how you say face, for sure. Cause I mean, again, this, this hopefully leads to them wanting to be involved in top one, uh, which is a marketing mastermind.

And so I think setting the tone of you showing up to an event that's supposed to be packed, or, you know, more people and, and there aren't more people, I don't think shows evidence that we're the, we're the guys you wanna spend 45,000 to learn marketing tips from. Now, I'm not saying they wouldn't, but it's, it's not a, it doesn't support that, that that belief. It diminishes it. So I think separating it one, one by one. Yeah.

So we'll let, like I said, I'm, I'm not, we'll cross that bridge when we get to it. My hope is that over the next 24 to 36 hours, we see a couple pops, and then we can go from there. Can can you post those in real time just so that we we're all, um, yeah, Sure. Um, and uh, and then next week, uh, we'll be doing, oh, so then this week obviously we have, uh, copy boarding. Did that start today, Teddy, or no?

Yep. Oh, it did. So let's hop in and see how that's doing. Have you checked it by any chance? I haven't checked yet.

All right. So let's take a look. See here. So good, good teamwork on that, Teddy, I thought, uh, that came together relatively seamlessly, perfectly. Uh, it's working with some, it's got some pop to it, or particularly like how, uh, ClickFunnels makes you wait for your stats for like five minutes.

It's kinda like a, is that like a new upgrade? They just added? No, I don't know what's going on. I mean, it's, for some reason it's, it's happening on all sites. I just reached back out to that person.

I just shared it with. She, she started ghosting me. So Hold on one second. I'm still waiting. All right.

Um, and so while that's loading, actually hold on one second. I'm looking at, uh, yeah, so it looks like we had a couple sales start to come in. Somebody bought something for $2,000 today from Bolivia. I don't know, I don't even know what they bought. Bivian always buying, always buying the big stuff, you know.

Yeah. Bought an E five camp. Great. Paid in full love that They may buy your U F O tapes. They might, they might.

Um, all right. And so, uh, so yeah, so we're doing a two day click on that. Um, Chris, I do wanna send out, uh, uh, I wanna start sending a little bit of love to the list. Um, and so for now we'll just plan it on Fridays. Uh, and you could do it one of two ways, uh, way one would be the way I might consider doing it, uh, if you don't wanna necessarily make it more complicated, which is Todd's written a bazillion pieces of content email that as long as there's nothing that dates it, like, my daughter just turned 13, or I just had my 40th birthday in it, you could just, we'll just recycle those emails.

Um, we haven't sent content to the list in probably about, uh, over a year. And so What would, what would be the best way to search for content emails that aren't connected with campaigns? Um, so that way, that way you, I'm not cherry picking stuff, and then I go back and I'm like, when did I, did I ever send this one? Did I not? I'd rather catalog it first so that I have a catalog of stuff that I can check off and make sure it's systematic, because if not, it'll get messy as as we progress messier.

Um, Teddy, is there a way to, Yeah, they were all sent as they were, all the content stuff was always sent as broadcast. And there was that, that period of time where we were doing kind of the, the weekend email thing. I forget what the hell we called it. Um, Roundup Digest. Yeah, it was something like that.

Uh, but I mean, you should be able to find them just based on subject line and just kind of repurpose, repurpose those potentially. Yeah. So I, I would probably just do one dig, Chris, and if you pull up, you know, whatever, 20, 30 emails you're, you know, you'll have enough stuff to pull through for the rest, you know, for the rest of the year. Okay. And what, what's op what's Plan two?

You said? I two options plan, Plan two is just, you know, take podcast. Todd did take little modules of a training, feed it into AI and have AI generate articles, content, basically, you know, tr you know, say, Hey here, you know, put it through ai, have it transcribed, take the transcription and say, Hey, you know, turn this into a 700, you know, word, you know, email. Okay. And, uh, and then once that's written, I, I assume we wanna come up with some sort of, uh, do we all come up with a name for what this is?

Do we not wanna have No, no, let's not, let's not make a name and a thing and then we decide it's not a thing. Just man, hey, happy Friday. Just, you know, wanted to share a lesson with you today about how to do this, right? You know, want to talk to you today about what you can do to make your offers better, and then just no, c t a, um, yeah, so, so it looks like the page did launch. Um, And, and what, what I may do is, uh, his repurpose his email, but not use the exact, I may feed it through ai, um, and see what it, see what it does if it, if it gets repurposed, um, or I rephrase it and then I re I sent, I rephrase it in my own words, set it into chat g p t to write it in the style of Todd and see if it, you know what I mean?

See if it writes it differently than Todd originally wrote it, but still in the voice that's similar. Yeah. I mean, like I said, you know, I, I mentioned this would be coming, so whatever tools or things you wanna try, use or experiment with, uh, would be good. Why don't you hold on. Why, why don't, why don't we do what we learned in Vegas?

And, and, and instead of having AI try to write like Todd create, create a new columnist that can write in whatever voice we wanted to it to write in that can just repurpose Todd's wisdom through its own voice. And then it doesn't have to, you know, then don't have to worry about, did Todd write this or did AI write this? No, the AI writer wrote it his name Ai, like, be honest with it. Like, hey, this is basically, this is ai, but we, we call it something. No, no, I'm, I'm saying, I'm saying we create a new, a new content person role.

Steve Jenkins, who is hired to create content, Steve Jenkins is an ai, they don't have to know it's an ai, right? But it's, I like that. But then you don't have to worry about the voice thing. Like then it's Steve's voice and it'll, Steve will always sound a little AI ish Dam that smart. Okay, I'm gonna make a tweak on that.

So I didn't, I didn't like it until I just made a tweak. What I didn't like about it is I didn't like the idea of like, now we have to introduce a personality, as a personality, have authority, da da da da da da. But if we introduce it as a person reporting or sort of talking about what Todd teaches, then I think that that works. Can't we just use me? I don't.

I like, yeah, That's fine. Yeah. Let's use Chris, right? So, hey, you know, Chris here, you know, wanna share one of the lessons that, you know, Todd teaches that I think you'll find super valuable. You know, here's what Todd says about this, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

You know what I'm saying? I, I, I like that. Cuz again, it's a whole lot easier, uh, to write from you, but also obviously leveraging ai. Um, yeah, I dig it and it's great, Right? So it's kind of like still content from Todd, but it's endorsed by you.

So that doesn't have to be that we're trying to mimic Todd's, Todd's voice. Yeah, let's try that and let's see how that goes. Teddy, do we have, uh, timers on those sweet, uh, on those copy boarding pages? Uh, definitely on the order form. It was on the sales page or not?

Yeah, let's put it on both. If it's not, We'll get in there after this. Okay. Um, and then, uh, yeah, Todd said just kind of be on beyond, uh, availability Friday. He will have some stuff for, for you guys, uh, and for us to do with the Joel offer.

And then the week after that we'll be doing the borrowed bestseller. I know Chris, you said you wanted to, I don't remember if we did it last time or not, but you said you wanted to add like, an extra video training or something you felt to just make the program a little smoother, deliver a little better. Um, Oh, if there's there they're really for borrow books book bestseller. There really isn't. It's just, it, it, it, it's, it draws in cl it just draws in an odd group of people that that's really all it is.

Um, it's a strategy and, and the, the, the people that we get from borrow book bestsellers, at least in my opinion thus far, again, this is o isolated, this, these are just people that reach out to us. They're just way different than the rest of the clients that we get. So the people that are attracted to that offer are generally people that are like, Hey, you know, I haven't had a job in eight years. Uh, you know what I mean? It's just, I've never used a computer before, you know, with this work on my old Nokia, you know, big, you know, my, my old Nokia phone and you're just like, why are you at what, what's hap what did you, why did You, you asked a set of questions I don't even know how to respond to Yeah, Yeah, yeah.

So that, that's it. I don't think there's really anything to, to change in it. Um, it's just the people we get. And then we'll see even further down the road, we'll see, you know, we plan to run your winning offer as a sales letter, not as a vsl. We'll obviously see how that works with the copy boarding conversion from VSL to sales letter.

If we find that, wow, we converted it to a sales letter and the VSL crushed the sales letter, then we'll just, I'll look, you know, we'll, we'll work together to update the design on the VSL page rather than convert it to a sales letter and have it not convert as well. Great. Um, and uh, that is about it right now. I know, Chris, you're, you're working with Glenda Yes. On, uh, on top one stuff?

Yes, yes. Yeah. I mean, I, I didn't wanna, I didn't wanna bang on, on, on the, you know, shirts again, it's hard enough for to, for, for one or two visions to get together to alone three. Um, but my, my, my thinking still was, and maybe we're veering from this, was that there would always be one shirt that would always look almost exactly like the shirt you had, except it would be with different seasonal colors and wouldn't be insanely crunchy. Yeah.

I honestly, I think, I think one, I think the tank with the embroidery and, and basically this shirt, but not with the, the crunchiness just in a different color. I actually like the size. Um, I think the size is great. It, It, yeah, no, I, I like that. I, I like a shirt like that again.

Maybe we make it a nice yellow for summer, you know, something that looks really good, um, you know, nail the color combination and then do a nice embroider. Like that's what I would do, you know, I mean, like, I feel like the easy, it's what I said, it's easy and straightforward and we know people like it, so Yeah. And it's classy and we can execute well on it. Like, that's the thing. Like it's gotta be Teddy.

Do you reme you, you have a, a good, pretty good memory. Do you remember what the, uh, remember, uh, Perry was saying at the front of the stage when he was talking about all these different advances and he was talking about printing and he is like, oh, my guy has this stuff. There's this new printing technology. It does like a bazillion colors and it prints with super flex stretch, so you don't even feel that it's on the shirt. Do you remember who was talking about that?

I remember him talking about it. I don't remember what the name of it was, but Could you guys find what that is? Because I, I did, I found, I, I found the style of printing that we used when we, that we liked in the past, but there's not a lot of companies that use that anymore. A lot of the companies are switching over to this. Um, so if you know the name of that one, uh, that would be really helpful.

I'm not sure. Do you, do you know anybody who's kind of like buddies with Perry without like, well, I mean, it's, It's in the recordings. I think it was probably, I believe it was on day three. You talked about it Percent. Sure.

Yeah. So if you want to two x that, I, I'm not sure. He might have brought the dude on stage, didn't he? Yeah. Yeah.

I'm pretty sure it was day three. Sorry, it wasn't day two cause I wasn't there, so for most of it. So it had to be either day one or day three. I'm pretty sure it was day three though. Day three.

And this is at the AI thing, right? Yep. Yeah, The morning, morning is day three. I'm pretty sure You might be able to, Chris, another thing you do if you find either, uh, I don't know if we have trans, do we have transcripts from that? No, We don't.

We just have decks. He, he didn't do a presentation. You just came up and chatted, right? I think so, yeah. I mean, I mean, there certainly are slides from day three, but, uh, No, no, no.

But about about the shirt stuff. There wasn't like a presentation was there? I don't believe so, no. Okay. All right.

You guys good? Yep. Okay. Let's, uh, let's, uh, look forward to hope, you know, hopefully getting some people in this intensive. And if not, we'll talk about it later this week.

And, uh, we'll go from there. And if you don't see me, by the way, uh, it's probably cuz the government took me, tell my girls I love them. Okay. Sounds like a plan. Yeah, we'll, uh, you gotta send pictures, man, so be sure to send, send some pics, man.

I got, I gotta see what this thing's all I, I, I, I will. All right, I'll see you later. Bye guys. Bye.
