---
title: "Level 10 2023-03-06 16:59:05"
date: 2023-03-06
duration: 30m
duration_seconds: 1829
vimeo_id: 805229577
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-03-06 16:59:05

**Date:** 2023-03-06 | **Duration:** 30m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

How do you Junior anger? how do you Looks like I had you. Looks like I had your had the speaker on so everybody here. Yeah. All right.

Well good. I'm glad they got that this morning or this afternoon. A little oh, yeah, you had to exactly 90s are back. So, you know, they're in they're in full speed for reals for real. That's funny.

It's crazy. I think about how you know, when we're in the 90s that you know, this 60s would have been a cold one of the 90s now, right? Straight crazy it is the wild it is wild. Because I when I looked at the 60s, I'd be like and that's all you know, they're saying about us the 90s. Yeah, what are you talking about?

How that this the 60s are when you were when we were in the 90s this to 60s are equivalent to what the 90s are now for folks, who are Right now like living right? That's weird. I feel like that I still feel like the 90s is like the Lost decade to me. It's such a meaningless. Name speak what's Decades?

You know, I I had an older older friend of mine. They are making argument that the 90s actually had the best music and he wasn't even a 90s nice guy. He was a 70s and he was like the 90s because you had so many you had so many different styles of music breaking out at one time. Right? It's funny.

By the way, the way you're your thing is is situated and the stuff it almost looks like you're on a train car. Like I see stuff moving through the light. It looks like you could almost be a railway car because of the movement on the side of the frame which by the way, I don't know if it's the lighting would you look healthy man? Thank you, man. Yeah, son energy cheeks.

You guys are correct. Doesn't he look healthy Glenda? Thank you Rosie. Yeah, come on guys. That's gonna give me all blockchain now.

That's awesome. Well, I go outside every day. So I'm trying to try to step up my my health to the next level. So Alex Alex has me on a bunch of different supplements. As you know, Damian, I've been you know, just been working out consistently and then going out in the morning for Sun.

So first thing in the morning to big thing for her, it's like yeah just getting actual sunlight so, you know, Yeah. All right. Well, listen glad everybody here. I know Teddy is still away until next week. Teddy will be back trap from traveling the world next week.

But just wanted to take the time to touch base on some different stuff. First of all. Promotion wise we have gun to the head going out this week. Which is exciting Chris we've talked about that and infant and all of you. And so that's all good to go.

Chris we spoke about your good you're starting you're getting the pieces in place to start the testimonial thing as if q1 including retro to the sorry starter Q2 at including retro to the q1 sales. Yes. Yes, so I'm I'm we're building out the letter. We're building out to testimonial page this week. We'll have that done this week.

And so then we'll start working. Yeah, depends all that good stuff. But one if you could very good one, if you could make a note I was gonna say this to Chris but I think it's more important to say this to you is um reach out to Paul and just make sure you support Paul and the top one marketing. I mean you you're the you're the product manager and so I know like he comes to me to talk about the marketing stuff, but it's good for you to be in communication. Like you want to know how program is being promoted, right?

So and your supporting right? He's like if you're you know, he's like man, I wish I had this it's like, oh actually we do have this Paul like why don't you ask me and so my guess is since we're all virtual and we don't all work in an office now lunch together. You probably don't talk to Paul a whole lot at all. Not I mean not really like that like just whatever. I need to send him something or yeah.

Yeah, like make it like it's right. You're the program's manager, right your program like take the initiative. Start reaching out to them maybe once every week or two. Right. How's it going?

What do you need? Are we seeing some good apps like house? You know like again this is this is right. It's your program. Yeah, make sense.

Yep. We can out right now. Yeah, and Chris just make sure with Jade in to get get him in the queue with Jade and stuff like that because I know there's some design stuff that needs to be done. Oh for for what so you in general? Like he has brochures that need to be updated and other stuff that needs to be done.

Just you know, just make sure that you're you're you know, your communicating and getting them support and letting them know that you know, he's not on an island. Yeah why I talked to I've been talking to him every day for for a while. So I mean if he knows if I mean, so if he knows there's stuff that needs to get done. He's already in the queue meaning, you know, we're knocking out the letter right now this week. So, you know, what we'll make room obviously money in the door is always gonna take priority.

So especially big money in the door, so Okay good. You've now both but this is important since we say this together, uh, you guys are both now in the loop at about Brazil, right? So Todd and I are going to Brazil. We're seeing the palace event. We're also going to you don't know about this from Linda's working on the airfare and stuff like that, but you don't know about this park on it, which is we're gonna do A we're going to support we're gonna do a something in joint with an missionary down there.

So I have a missionary friend from a really cool mission called Oscar is a Grace you should look about they're incredible and actually he and his wife are worship leaders, which if you are super into worship music you probably heard of them. So you said shores of Grace shores of Grace like course or yes doors of Grace. Yes. Do you ever hear Nick and Rachel Billman? That name sounds from Nick and Rachel.

I've heard that couple. Yeah, so they've been around for some time. He's actually from Philadelphia really nice guy anyway, so they have a mission down there on that. I've supported for a number of years and I've always wanted to do something. I was like man we're going to Brazil and they're you know a couple hours away from Sao Paulo.

And so what we're gonna do is we're gonna eat five books translated to Portuguese and we're gonna play a promo video and we're gonna we're gonna get them. I got them a booth there ever just you know, for donation of any size that can get a copy the E5 boat in Portuguese. And so we're gonna help raise money and awareness for the mission. And and so it'll be pretty special. It's gonna be a little it's gonna be a take a bit of doing to quarterly everything.

Oh Christmas already in it, but just looping you in just in case you hear in case I'm like, hey Glenda can help Chris out with a case of books and you're like, what are you talking about? I have no idea. That's To be honest, like that's the hard part of not being physical because I feel like if we're in office you kind of just catch wind of things but certain times certain things. It's just like, you know, I don't need anything from you regarding that Glenda so I don't You know, but that's why we have level times. And so yeah what one and I think you know culturally we we used to because we were so bloated and inefficient and our processes weren't simple we used to be on a lot more calls together.

So, you know, I I will say this we built we definitely all built, you know relation strong relationships in the early going but I will agree it went from like, you know Glenn and I used to be on calls all the time and we went from that to like we don't we don't talk to us. How are you exactly? I'm glad you said that so with that this will probably be some what news to the both of you. So we we agreed with Paulo. I don't remember he asked us or I asked him or how it happened but to have all copy School translated to Portuguese.

And so that was the video we shot some promo video glamor knows about this. You may remember the last top one. So right now Paulo is registering. He just started got her first 600. Lead free lead registrants.

They're gonna be running a webinar about a week. They want to get like 1000 people on the call and they're gonna be selling A to Z copy score for the first time ever in Portuguese. It'll be supplemented. It'll be all they translated subtitled everything and that'll be supplemented from some modules from Paulo on like how to actually then get a job and get paid doing copy righting in Brazil since that's like his area. That's our area but I mentioning that because in that ties into that's also why I felt like it was really good great for us to support Paula with this event since if this goes, well, it's a chance for us to kind of get a little more in-road to the Portuguese Market, um tons of footage and all that stuff and you know, even in the book will put a promo for that new Portuguese, you know International, you know royalty.

Program whatever in the book as well. And so awesome And so yeah, and so so Connie. um What else? John I have John working on a new front end, uh, probably May or may not wait till Teddy get back to launch it. But basically just putting a new front end off or out we're gonna try to call traffic and then we'll launch it as a bulletin Q2, um, which is going to be kind of a combination of a YouTube's course that he put together as well as the biggest stumbling block or the hardest part in the course was doing some of the ad creation and so he's creating a model or two on how to use AI to do the ad building and so it'll be a YouTube strategy AI course and so we'll be testing that in the next week or two.

And Todd and I are meeting about the our bullets about our Q2 bullets. We're meeting today at may or may not be finalized today. But part of that strategy he's going to be certainly bringing some fresh bullets into play new programs. So we'll be doing we'll be taking the the three-day, you know bullet approach three day. Bullet Workshop Krista, you're working on with Jaden.

We'll turn that into a program. We're gonna do a program with Joel irway. Um, which were pretty excited about and then we'll do really by the way. This would be really good stuff to have like have lived somewhere like live somewhere because this is a lot happening. I just have a feeling, you know, not that it's gonna get lost because obviously whoever's responsible for is gonna be bringing it down, you know, but just stuff like this having it live somewhere.

Just you know, I mean Yeah, I don't know. I mean I'm certainly could just put it on maybe that Mark in their marketing calendar page. Yeah, if you could do that for now anybody references that you feel like anybody's gonna look there. I feel like I could just make stuff up and put it there and people won't even notice. Well, I'm in yes.

I mean, you know, maybe Glenn and I will you know, we'll build a refer to it. It would be it would just be helpful maybe more for me because you know, there's more people I'm communicating to right. All right, Hey listen, yeah, I'm all for supporting you Chris. That's an I'll put some notes in there. Completely unrelated have either of you seen the Jesus Revolution.

No where we were just talking about that yesterday go see. Take the kids Chris told, you know get friendly not too intense. At least. I don't think I would feel comfortable taking my kids to see it. I mean they talk a little bit about drug use because the 60s and a girl does foam at the mouth.

But otherwise, there's no no profanity. No nothing else and it was profoundly good in my opinion, especially honestly Glenda like the the minute it's not a movie about Ministry per se but the ministry aspect because it's the dynamic between, you know truck Smith who becomes a founder of Calvary Chapel Lonnie crispy. He becomes the founder of Vineyard and then this other guy, Greg who I keep forgetting his name. Who becomes the founder of harvest Ministry and you get to I think it's somebody who's you've spent your life in ministry as I spent large part of mine as well. Like there's just certain stuff that you go.

Like wow, like I get that, you know, like I get the attention and the yeah as you not take anything away from you Chris. I know obviously yeah you I mean the high like Linda Yeah, I already said these book answer today and not so yeah, I'm gonna take it right now and some you know, you're looking out for me. Okay. So yeah when you watch it. Slap me let me know what you think.

For sure. Yeah, that that's on my eyes. I saw an interview from the league. I forgot his name the actor who played the lead character the lead role and he's tearing up in an interview and he's just like, you know really moved by the movie in his role in it. So I was like, I gotta see this special given the fact that when I was in California, that's actually I went to Calvary Chapel so Wow.

Yeah, Mom. All right, so other stuff doing While current before I turn over to Glenda and kind of talk top one. Do you have anything or do you need anything? Um, no, I don't I don't think so now, okay. So so top one was so you know Glenda I got I got a guy who's supposed to be getting back to me today does a CRM.

It's kind of almost a confusion soft thing. Um good candidate. He's on the fence. We'll see if by the end of the day whether or not he comes through obviously, we have Clint who you know who's committed to becoming paying by age and so we'll just it might be sooner. Yeah, you know, and so that's good.

And then I got I actually had a really good text chat with Lori and Yes, she was like, you know, I keep in touch with her and she was like, oh my goodness. It's so funny. You reach out. I was just thinking about you guys. I was actually thinking the time might be right I said, yes, and you know, I think it'd be great.

And so so she's like, yeah, you know, I'm just getting one more person in place. It's talking a couple of weeks. And so hopefully, you know, she's on my list and hopefully a handful of weeks. I'll reach back out and certainly would be great to have her back. Yeah, that would be awesome.

Oh great. Yeah. Yeah, she's creating there. They're kicking button doing well, which is good and the new gal. I forgot her name from Australia eight mcgibbon Kate McKinnon.

Did she ever kick off with Talia? So she was supposed to have it on Friday and she fudged up the time because of the time zone. Okay. Well, I rescheduled it for this Friday. Australia is a time.

He was what was that? Australia is a tough one time. You just got to send an email reminder and say when you open this email we're eating in two hours, you know, I I when I enter because I was like following up with her and I said just to make sure you know two pm and Eastern and she was like, yeah, that works. Perfect. Cuz she has a toddler just that works perfect for me blah and then she was like, oh my gosh, I think the day of she just messed it up.

You know, I had this lady that I sold E5 a while back and she's from Australia and it was she was getting so confused with stuff because the days were different too so it'd be like, hey, let's chat Saturday and be like, yeah, it's like, you know, you get all that Sunday over there. Yeah. Yeah, so I'm with Kate and it was like nine o'clock. Time I met with her super late at night or like nine o'clock. That's not super late but nine o'clock and it was like morning for her, you know the next day.

So so something we went, you know, so I mention the Todd and this I mentioning it to you so you can remind him is that after he doesn't kick off offer him to do a little intro video about the member. Oh, I just thought I'd be right takes 60 seconds. Right? Just got off the phone. Okay, you know, she's from Australia.

She's amazing. I can't wait about this. You know, that's yeah, it's just nice and so we might want to think about sinking up when we add them to the slack group so that it happens on the same day that Todd has to kick off and Todd's video goes up. Okay, because I think you know because it you know, like it's still good but it's a little weird like we welcome her last week and Al Todd sending welcome video this week. I think it might be better for it to all happen at once.

Okay. Um, you know, it's not like looking so they meet Todd and feel it's not like they're gonna hop in the slack Channel and do a whole lot of anything anyways, and so right um, and so I'm gonna work backwards because I think I might be right about that. So let me ask you a question but last top one When did all the food get finalized? You remember? Up until okay.

Were you where you're not still working and finalizing caterers in the last week or two? Yes. Yes. That was a doozy for me. It was hard good to you.

Enjoy that. No, I was stressed the heck out. Okay, and and you think the quantum was the quality after snot. No, but I thought it was gonna be that's the thing. Okay, so you got to do it.

Are you are you scheduled to go to Orlando yet? I know I'm gonna do that this month. I already have it on my calendar to go this month and start looking at those places that you sent me. Don't worry go overnight find some of your own places. Don't just trust my right right booty spider senses.

Um, you know, if you want to leverage me too by the way Wonder because I yeah, you know, I I it's like I want to just have very good. Okay, if you want to leverage some weird stuff, but for the most part Chris is Chris's I I always call him. He's my he's my my foodie partner. He yes good sensibilities. And so You'll get the union Yang with with Damien and myself we'll pick different different places, but I think in the end it'll give you and I like doing it.

We'll have Indian and I might do you can't have any food for top one like that. You'll he always wanted Indian. Oh, yeah, guys, come on come it's the best food in the world. I mean, that's why that's why I want to do it. I mean, why would you not want to serve best food?

Wow! Oh hands out. Yeah, so don't get me going on why it is but so yeah, so it right it's gonna be it's gonna be, you know, I would plan our to get down there in the morning and that way stay overnight and have like two full days of just scouting and eating I'm so jealous. That's not wildly fun to me really does. As you need to throw it if Damien and I need to come down there and do that like yeah, you know, it's so close go through.

You know again, let's talk more as you get closer by all means send me The Hit List and you know, like hey, I'm gonna plan to go here here send it to me and Chris will happy to weigh in and just kind of say we should mix something this this but like let's let's plan it out. And I'm already working on the in-house meal. It's gonna be it's going to be it's gonna be really special and so I'm gonna do it's gonna be all it's gonna be Farm to Table and the farm story. And so I'm gonna I'm gonna share some personal stuff from my life. I'm gonna actually bring in the meat from my local farmers and so come on all the meats that I hand pick from my Farmers that I know and trust and so it's gonna be it'll be it'll be super special dude.

Hold on. I'm sorry idea for when we start taxing out ideas right when we're starting like, okay, we've done everything. What if we what if we went down there and we shot a bore and then we actually like we use the board or some sort of meat that we shot and we and we provide that you have to shoot something else though because you and I both know the more stringy unless treated with the most death of hands. That's the truth. We don't want the truth garage trendy bore.

Um what? Yeah, I I think for liability, like look, you know me. I'll serve also I'll serve we're all we're gonna meet to anybody like I don't care but yeah. I I think that might be pushing the envelope a wee bit. That's true.

I don't think we're going off the Wild game piece. That's something we do on our time. Sure. Hey, and and the the one in the fall, you know yacht already said she wanted to do her deboned turkey. So we're gonna do a we'll probably do a potluck Thanksgiving.

And I say potluck because I I think there's something to it. I haven't really thought a whole lot about it, but I've had At least three separate people that I could think of who were like, hey, if you need me to cook something, I'd love to cook like and I was like man, maybe there's just like there's something to that that like part of that like family is that people want to contribute and be a part of it. But what including yada that's the fourth. John Benson was like Hey, if you ever want I'd love to cook my steaks for everybody. Um, you know, John Morris said something to me Granny's not top one.

He's part of our staff and then even Andre was like, hey, it's like when you're cooking he goes if you need help, I'm happy to come help if you make like like people want to and so I don't know. Maybe we'll maybe when we do Thanksgiving, maybe I don't know might be a disaster. Maybe we'll maybe we'll do a potluck like everybody, you know, if they're a couple people that want to make a favorite holiday dish. Um, that might be kind of super special and fun, you know. Well the fact that people are volunteering.

I mean one thing to say, I want there to be a family atmosphere and we're the ones doing the things that would Foster that it's another now to see the fruit of that and people actually offering yeah. I say lean into that right? I mean, yeah, and that's the thing like I don't want to write that if there's kind of like this this little urge towards it. I don't want to shut it down like I don't be like, oh no man now we're good. We're good, you know like and so maybe that's what we'll do for ah, you know, the holiday time is a perfect time, you know, and again, you know songs we have the protein now we could do potluck sides.

We can pick up all the ingredients they can just give us ingredients. Well all the ingredients there so they can just play in the kitchen and put something together. I think they would love that. I think they would I think that would be super special. I think there would be people that would be like dude.

I can't miss this one just because I want to serve my potato salad like, you know, I was literally thinking that to putting them on on the calendar too ahead of time and be like, hey like not this not this next one. But the one after that I got you down. It's like now all of a sudden they're on the hook for it. Like we may be surprised how much how much value that actually contributes not only to the group as far as the atmosphere and culture. We'll do that right Thanksgiving.

Well, we'll go the distance with Thanksgiving and while we may or may not pray. We'll see how spontaneous they get. What will definitely go around the table will give thanks and we'll really do like a family thing that I think will be really really special. And so that's cool. Take us that'll take us through the end of the year.

Okay. There is something I do want to make mention of and that's in regards to jail. He doesn't look like he's not in a train Wanda. You don't yeah, there's there's Cars Moving behind you. So because the the window is so like white it out.

You can't really tell that their cars. Yeah, so it yeah now you could see that the building but from that angle does look like there's me something we're gonna say about Jaden. That's cool. Yeah we so so Jaden is going to be doing so Damien Damien asked for date or for Jaden to start learning how to build out funnels so that she could start editing the desktop version of them. Right?

And so I talked with Teddy. Teddy was not fully on board. However, You know his whole thing was like well, she's got a really learn how to build funnels for her to do that meaning like she can't just learn she can't just know that the design aspects. She really has for it to be affected. She's really got to know the ins and outs.

And so I press just so you know, Damian I pressed on him a bit. I was like, hey, you know, like I I hear what you're saying, but I do think it'd be really really like obviously just between like if he was on the college say the same thing. I think it'd be really valuable to have somebody else on the team knows that anyways, right? I think the more we could start doubling things. So I'm Teddy is out.

It's like forget somebody like Jaden that knows long story short. He provided a master class for all throughout Teddy. Did it's a Master Class by I don't know if you know the name the guy's name is I don't know. I don't care neat Neil cirrode. I don't know if it brings about style.

Okay, but long story short she's going through that. And so she's insert going through that aspects too. She's gonna have to learn basically his point is it's not just a simple little thing. She's going to learn how to do the whole thing for the small thing. Just don't make sense.

So cool just heads up. She's gonna be going through training. I'm gonna be facilitating that training. Smart anybody anything else? No, no, like I said one more update Portuguese translating it.

I found a gal in Brazil. I was chatting been chatting with her got it for a ridiculous deal. And so I'm Sherry started working on working on it on Sunday. So go ahead Chris right? Come on now.

Yeah, she's she's great. I love it everything. I'm like I was like Everybody everybody else was like two to two and a half months to get it done and I was like, I started off with four to six weeks, but I was like really, you know four weeks which is ridiculous. Basically, I was asking her to do it in two and a half. I got a bouncing gotta grab this.

Yeah. No worries. So good super job. You heard it? All right.

Bye guys. We'll see.
