---
title: "Level 10 2023-08-28 15:29:32"
date: 2023-08-28
duration: 46m
duration_seconds: 2807
vimeo_id: 858708225
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-08-28 15:29:32

**Date:** 2023-08-28 | **Duration:** 46m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, man? Hey, what's up man? How you doing? Good, man. Good.

My deodorant came back together. Nice. See, I didn't even know that happened, but Alex was like, oh yeah. Oh yeah. This is, this is the scoop.

This is what you need to do. Yeah. The the funny thing is, or maybe not so funny, is it, the instructions were right on the box, but I don't read instructions when I buy deodorant, bro. I take it out and I put it on my pits, man. I, you know, she told when she said that.

So when, which I, I didn't know that's what happened to her. Um, but she said the same thing. She was like, yeah, it was this, it was like this direction that was in the box. But I mean, and, and as you know, at somebody that, you know, we've taken part in how do we get people to consume the information? It's like, well, surely there's gotta be a better way than some like, like set apart piece of, you know, advice that nobody would think you would need to read.

You knew put Yeah, no, like, It was inside the box cover. So the placement was good, but it was just white on black text, you know? I thought it was gonna be like, save the planet and smell good. You know, I'm, I'm not reading your message, bro. I just want my deodorant.

Well, They should put like a sticker, like a, you know how they do that on, uh, uh, uh, like night Quil type of stuff. How you have to peel back, you know what I mean? How it's like, it's stuff You feel back. Yeah. Or even like a, even like a picture of like a dude holding a melted thing going like, be like, don't worry this, because this is a natural deodorant.

Sometimes when it warm, you just have to have it reset. It only takes three minutes in the fridge, you know? And there's a picture of him in the other side. Smile. I don't know.

Something more than this. Yeah. Oh, I actually like this. To be honest. Maybe I should read the instructions when I buy deodorant.

Well, if it was in a, if it was in a little, I, I don't, again, I don't know if it is, but if it's in a box that the deodorant's in, it would be much easier to dedicate one panel. Right? Like, stop whatever you're doing, you know what I mean? Like, stop, you know, giant, and then you peel it back and it shows you the, you know, the instructions, right? Weight or, yeah.

Something. Yeah. Just, yeah, Because I feel, I, I just have a hunch, man. I just have a hunch that that happens. They, their support has to be flooded on a daily basis with that.

Like, this stuff is, I sure. I was like, dude, what the heck? I was like, I just spent $30 on like, what is this? What's up? What's up?

Teddy happening. How are you? How are you? I'm, can you hear me? Yeah.

Oh yeah. I'm good. Yeah. Good. Uh, you ready to get to it?

This is rock and roll. All right. So Glenda is in Puerto Rico, uh, at an event conference that very proud of her. She applied and was accepted and they invited her out there. Um, and so, uh, which is great 'cause then she's also seeing property and all that stuff for our first ever Destin, well, not our first ever, uh, our 2024 destination top one, which we're super duper excited about.

Um, and so we actually have some fun decision making stuff to do today. And so what I wanna do is I want to take a look at The Apprentice, the last, I did not check it over the last couple days, but last I checked it, it was definitely performing weak. Um, and it just might mean that either, uh, the list has seen it multiple times. Uh, we're not getting fresh leads. We're be the, the offer's dated.

Um, but we'll take a look at that. Uh, we'll take a look at the micro bullet, we'll talk about this week. And then we have to look forward to the rest of the quarter a little bit. 'cause there's a couple things we might need to maneuver, not, might need. There are a couple things we need to make some decisions on, and I'd love for you guys to be a part of that as well.

And so, Chris, why don't you walk us through, uh, our bullet, last week's bullet and then the micro bullet. Perfect. Well, I have the micro bullet up. Um, Great. Let's do that first.

Well, actually, it looks like the regular bullet is still loading here. All right. There we are. So I guess we'll, we'll start with the, uh, apprentice. So apprentice, uh, 67 86, which, I mean, that does mean that we hit our, hit our target.

Yeah, it's high, high ticket though. It's our high ticket. Oh, Our high ticket Target is is, Isn't it 15? Is it 15? Yeah, It, that's high.

That's high. I, I would say if we hit a mid ticket at 10, and I would say a high ticket at 12 fifteen's gonna be high. 12 is really, uh, a better spot for us to be in. Um, and at six, do which prices? Prices?

Two K or fif? How, what's the price? 2 97? No, drop it down. Drop it down so I can see the price and the pay plans, please.

No, next to the order form the dropdown next to order form with the six orders, please. Oh, right there. It's fine. It's not what I meant, but that's fine. Yeah.

Okay. So it's, it's 15. Yeah, it's 1500 and there's 1, 2, 3, 9. Uh, yeah. So, all right, so that gets us, that gets us right around 10 K, so that's actually not bad.

Um, how many people are still in that sequence? Teddy, Uh, shouldn't be any, well, that's, uh, hang While he is pulling that. Chris, you wanna go over to the, uh, Yeah, micro bullet. So yeah, micro bullet 29 62. Right.

So I know there's, there's one of those, uh, annual copy calls as you, so it's actually 2,500. Um, but yeah, man, I mean, the last bullet last, No, the copy calls isn't, uh, well no, one of them is. I'm sorry. Yeah, so this Is, yeah, I think the, the last bullet only did around two K, right? Yes.

Yeah. So we'll, we'll be, we'll be, and there should, there should be some more trickling through. Um, On the copy, there was only one of them. So only, only 500 missing. Yeah.

So we're, we're almost at about 2,500. Yeah. So there's a second chance One of those would be though, Probably It is. Yeah. So one of those, uh, copy calls.

So, so 500 there and then, uh, uh, okay. Yeah. So kind of across the board. Gotcha. And how many, how many click emails are we sending Chris?

Uh, three, Three click emails. So I definitely take a look. Uh, the, no, granted, we usually send five click emails for like, the apprentice, but, um, we probably could bump up the clicks on that. So I would look at next time, next, next micro bullet. Just, Hey, is there anything, go ahead.

Maybe doing four, two and two. Uh, I don't know if we need to do four per se. I mean, I think it's more, more a matter of just looking back and figuring out, okay, what emails are getting the best open rates and the best clickthroughs, and then how do I emulate that, either in content and or form, uh, to boost it up. Um, but yeah, that's, that's great, man. That's really good.

Teddy, you were gonna say about an apprentice, Uh, apprentice. There are roughly about 80, 87 people still going through it. 69 of which basically have, uh, the three emails left, the last three. Okay. Today Basically We have a chance for one more to pop, which would be good.

Right? Um, that, that would be good with the pay throughs. That would put us up the right around, uh, 12,000 in sales. Um, okay. Any questions or comments on these?

Okay, so next, next week. Go ahead, Teddy. I already mentioned it, Chris, but I do wanna, I do wanna have a call this week with me, Chris, Michael Delle, whoever's working on these micro bullets just to streamline some things. 'cause they're Okay. They're a little messy.

Okay. Well, hey, listen, man, anytime you make anything in the kitchen, it's gonna get a little messy, but at least we're making something, right? We're getting new offers out. People are buying 'em. Uh, it's something, um, I do wonder, you know, and we're gonna see, you know, that's so, so, uh, this week we have copy calls annual.

Yes. Yep. That's what we have on the, on the calendar. We fired the bullet before, so there should really be a whole lot to that, uh, to discuss. Um, is there anything to discuss?

Well, The only thing to discuss, which is great, that you, you, you prefaced it, uh, with that, I'm gonna be taking off on Thursday, so I'm gonna be in a wedding. So just, you know, another reminder, Thursday through next Tuesday, I'm gonna be out, out of the pocket. Um, so this is the perfect bullet to fire off. Uh, so if, if, if I need to proof it, I need to proof it on Wednesday. So let's just plan on, um, I mean, I guess I, I can just, you're Talking about the next bullet, not copy calls.

Annual should be starting today or tomorrow, the latest. Okay. I'm, I'm talking about next week. So what are we, yeah, We'll talk about next week, but copy calls annual. We're good.

Yes. Yeah, I mean, I mean, I mean, even though that's what we just promoted over the weekend, But no, we didn't promote it over the weekend. Well, I Mean, yeah, that's, I get it. But I mean, the main part of this offer was company calls annual. Yeah.

Oh, that's a nice, is that a digital, is that a digital frame? Teddy? Oh yeah. It ha it had to be too much light coming out of it. And you're too digital to put a photograph up.

Yeah, it's nice. I like that. Um, anyways, so, so yeah, I mean, we're talking 28 people saw it. Um, you know, what I would do is let's do, this actually is a really cool idea, Chris. Let's put the last two micro bullets as bonuses in the copy calls annual.

'cause they, like, they're part of copy call. I know we don't give them old calls, but why not include those as, as bonuses unless there's a different cool bonus you want to include. Um, no, I mean, so basically almost reversing this micro bullet is kind of how you're thinking in, in a, Uh, I, I mean it, I wouldn't quite call it reversing, but I'm just saying since the top, since the topic and content is very similar, and we have cool graphics and we have the copy, why wouldn't we include those as two extra bonuses? Are we saying, uh, just the, the two front end reports of what we did? So the, so the Give 'em the whole thing.

Give 'em the report, give 'em the audio. If there's an audio that came with it, you know what I'm saying? But not the upsell. Not the upsell, uh, the upsell as well. No, not the up.

What was the upsell on the other one? The upsell was, uh, for, um, not, not just naming you, remember we were talking about it, uh, the masterclass, uh, you know, deciding what product, right. Product re Yeah. Give that upsell too. Give that upsell too.

Okay. So basically all, all the content we've created thus far, give them as, as bonuses. Yeah. As long as there's no material to, yeah, just use the same exact thing. Add that into the sales letter, and then just add that into the email somewhere.

Hey, and you also have this sweet little bonus bundle waiting for you. We good with that? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah.

Um, just trying to think what, 'cause I don't wanna miss anything. Uh, so, so make sure in the sales page do, is there anything design-wise, I, I, do I need to pull? No, you have everything. That's the whole, the whole point is we're leveraging work that's already been done since you created the hero graphics and all that other stuff. Do you know what I'm saying?

Yeah, yeah. So I just have to have Jayden add, add in, uh, add in those graphics into the existing sales page, work that in, um, yep. Gotcha. And then update the copy. Okay.

Okay. So we, uh, now Chris, when I saw something in notion, when do you need to know swipe file count? And do you need to know both of them? Uh, actually let's just do both of 'em. When do you need to know it by?

Is it by, by the time you get back? Uh, let me go ahead and pull up the date that I have in there. Unless you're in Notion right now what? Seven 20 file quantity. August 28th.

That's today. So I need to know by end of today, Remember I told you, tell me a week before. Gotcha. Okay. Well, I set, I, I set the, set the alert for A week before you actually meet it.

Um, it, it may be, I mean, I know I'm putting extra buffer in it for sure. Yeah. So, okay. So what I want you to do, I will do my part when you do your part, which is I want you to take 20 minutes, actually, Teddy would be great to help you with this. And then it'll only take 10 minutes.

And I want you to give me your recommendation for how many of the original decade plus wifi file we want. Forget about top one. Forget about top one. And friends of m f A that we're gonna give free, just from a pure sales perspective, how many decade plus do you think we should get? And how many should we get for copy legends?

How many for decade plus? And then how many for the, the new copy legends one and just, you know, look at it. Look at, so We're calling, we're calling the new one. Copy Legends, by the way. No, we're not.

I'm just referring to the event. I don't remember what we called it. What did we call it, Chris? What? The, the, the new what?

The second volume? We don't have a, um, yeah, We didn't have a, whatever the volume that's going with the copy ledger. Yeah, Let's go volume two. Swipe, swipe file. Yeah, But I don't recall volume two.

'cause then someone's gonna put volume two on the cover or reference it in something and say, here's volume two and I'm gonna get very upset. So I can't call it volume two. Yeah. Oh. Um, I sent you a, a picture of, based on our conversation, I know you sent me copy.

Yeah. This, I, I, listen, I'm not, that was The name that we ended up deciding. I mean, unless something's changed, I need to know. Now it's not called Volume two, correct? Uh, no, it's not.

We already, yeah, so you could send me that separately. But my point Check plus mail, uh, mail swipe file two, not volume two, but it, it is two. I don't remember the two going in. Send, send me those images. Yep.

I'll send you that. Oh, My point, my point is, I need, like you're talking about stuff that's important but not relevant. I need to know what the, what your recommendation is for the decade plus, and then what your recommendation is for the swipe file that will accompany the what the copy Legends offer. Okay. And so, make sense?

Uh, It, it does, it does. So a lot of that's gonna be based on anticipation of what we're gonna be. So can we, can we talk through the offer? So, because I mean, again, it's all gonna be hypothetical if we're like, how many do we need it? It's like, well, I don't know.

I mean, how many, who, who are we selling to? I, I mean, yeah, I mean, the idea, the idea is obviously we'll launch to our list. It'll be either a two to $3,000 offer. Um, uh, probably, probably around two grand to 2,500 bucks. Okay.

Uh, and we'll certainly try to get people in the room to also promote it, Plus people in the better room. Yeah. Okay. And so, I mean, unfortunately, I mean, the only thing you could kind of compare it to was, was, uh, Yeah, when we promoted it last time, I mean, we can, what was the Last No, no, I, I would probably honestly compare it to the decade plus swipe file last year. Like that's probably gonna be our, 'cause the time before that is a Agora Copy School, but that was like four years ago.

That's like a, such a different market. I would probably look at the decades plus swipe file last year and say, okay, what did we end up doing? We did 80 units at two grand, whatever, 1500 bucks or whatever it is. Okay. Or a hundred units.

All right. So realistically we run the same offer. Maybe we can do half of that without part, you know, let's, let's look at how many we did without partners. Okay. If we did 80 units without partners, we did 45 units.

Okay. But we ran it once before. Let's trim that down. Let's just do 30 units or 25. And then I would look at the other one and say, okay, last time with partners, we did 85 units.

Todd's really bullish on this. Let's just plan for a hundred. You know. But are we doing partners again For copy legends? We vote The partners that are going to copy legends.

And just to be clear, um, what he's saying is, uh, so promote two, we're gonna promote the first file again, correct? Yep. This is, this is on the calendar, and it's been the same since. Yep. Okay.

Yep. So we're, so first, uh, first file again to our list. And then we're also gonna be promoting, uh, obviously the new, the the new file. Now the, the new file, is that gonna be an upsell? Well, we're not, we're not promoting new file.

We're promoting copy legends, which is a bonus will include the new file. Okay. So, so, okay. That makes more sense. Gotcha.

Makes sense. Yep. Okay. And then once you get me those numbers, it'll help me just kind of, it'll expedite the whole process. 'cause once I have those, rather than just saying to Todd, Hey, what do you think?

I could just be like, Hey, here's the recommendation. Do you have any feedback? If not, that's what we're going with, and it's done. Okay. Got it.

Yep. All Right. Uh, and by the way, just so you know, I, I, I love you. I think you're amazing. I'm not mad.

I'm just being very to the point this morning. And I hope, I hope you can understand that. Oh, that's fine. Yeah. Good.

All right. Uh, so, uh, all right, so let's look at this. So Chris is out next week. Um, we have a bunch of stuff here that's kind of googly, googly a little bit, like we gotta figure some stuff out with. Um, so we have copy calls annual next week.

I'm wondering, I, I think we should rerun John's offer AI offer, but I think we should try it at a higher price point. Why not? Teddy? You felt like it commanded a higher price point? So did I.

Um, and so I think we should run it and run it at a higher price point. That might be good to do next week, because it doesn't require any work other than truck changing the price points, um, which Chris can easily do. So if we hypothetically do that here, uh, and what was the price point last time? 47 bucks. It was 47 bucks.

Yeah. So what do you think we should put it to? Uh, Teddy 1 47. Great. Let's do it.

Teddy said it was such a conviction. Um, okay, so then that leaves, do we wanna rerun Joel's offer? Should, should. We just might as well, might as well rerun it. Get Joel a little extra money did Decent.

So if we rerun Joel's offer, we put, took G t H off because we didn't like the upsell on it. But I want, I think we should try G T H with e P P as the upsell, because it really is perfectly in line with like, Hey, what would you do to add a million dollars? It's like, Hey, here's my exact annual planning process step by step. You know? Um, yeah.

It, it is, it is planning. I mean, the thinking behind it is, is very much like looking at what you're currently doing, what you're not doing, what you should be doing. But you can go in a lot of different directions. Gone to the head too though, because I mean, he does, he, he does talk, he doesn't talk about the, the in-depth strategy of what to do, but he does diagnose at that point, the fact that most of the time, right, most of the time you have a front end, uh, you have a front end issue, right? And so it goes back.

I mean, it's really just a layup for what we wanna do. So we could do sit on, we could do camp. We could do, yeah, that camp doesn't really perform well, but yeah. What if we did upsell one campaign, rescue upsell, two e p p. That's better.

Yeah. Campaign, I mean, campaign rescue makes a whole lot of sense. As long as I think that's what we did when we did, didn't we just do gun in the head not too long ago? I think we did. Uh, No, we just promoted campaign rescue.

We just promoted campaign rescue the week of the 26th. Yeah, but I thought we did gun to the head. I remember Chris and I going through gun to the head, right? Oh, we stopped. We, we stopped because we realized that the gun to the head upsell sessions like amounted to absolutely nothing.

And then we switched it and we put the offer bundle in place. Got it, got it. Okay. So we do that. We do that.

So my question is, what do, before we sprinkle, sprinkle in micro bullets, sprinkle, sprinkle, um, which I would say I'll, I'll actually, I'll sprinkle right here. So if we did Marco bullet this will that way. Wait, you're out this week, right? Yeah. So let's, what, what I would say for gun to the head might be just a, you know, a quick rele, quick relea, relea, uh, in terms of, because it's the, it's the end of September anyway, so it fits perfectly.

It's like, Hey, we're heading into the last quarter. You got, you got three months left. Whatcha gonna do to add a million bucks in the last quarter? Yeah. I love that.

Let's do that, Chris. Okay. Relea for and of there is coming. Okay. Uh, we'll do a micro bullet here and we'll do a micro bullet here.

So we'll do two more micro bullets, Chris, which will be amazing. So that leaves a blank nine 11 week. So we can do, um, open, put around some ideas we haven't camped in a while. Although again, uh, my feeling is just still that namp at its current price point and the lack of information, it's, I'm not sure it's gonna sell. And the list has seen it a bazillion times.

We could do an affiliate offer if we could find something we're really excited about. Yeah, I was gonna say, 'cause 'cause Rich just promoted, uh, Matt LE's AI offer and it did really, really, really well. You might want to do that. I mean, we already promoted Matt's thing. We did.

Yeah. And it didn't do so well. That's interesting. Yeah, we did it. Uh, yeah, AI bought builders in April.

April. I mean, we could look at what I mean now that, again, I don't know how much this is like insider stuff you can't do. Hey, just, just tossing it out there. But, um, you know, you've seen it really well. Could it be just the way we positioned it?

Uh, you know what I mean? Because I mean, we're talking pretty much the same, same people on both lists, and I don't think we're targeting that much of a different list. When you say it did. Well, what, what does that mean, Teddy? Like what were the earnings per opt-in or whatever?

Uh, I don't know. I think we made like 12 grand though from three emails. Yeah. No, I think that's around what we did last time too. But that again, that was, I don't know.

You think four months is enough time? Uh, no. I, I forgot that we, we had run it. So, I mean, maybe the other thing, and maybe this is something we should just maybe start considering as well as just a general benefit of, of top one to a certain degree. Like instead of running Joel's again, like why not run one of Benson's offers?

Well, I was actually thinking it's, it's interesting. I'm thinking along the same lines. You know, Carlsberg has a pretty good offer, Right? Why don't we run Carlsberg? Okay.

Right. We love him. He's legit. Uh, it's a little different than what we do. Right?

Get your own bestseller author, publish. It's something we don't talk about. Do you know what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. Okay.

So then we run Coburg the week of 11. We rerun Joel's bullet since Todd spent two months building the campaign. And we only ran it once so far. Uh, and it was exactly two months ago. Uh, Damian, you want to talk with Robert just to, uh, Yeah, I'll talk to him.

Uh, John and I have a meeting with him. Uh, uh, we have a meeting with him. Wasn't not on my calendar on Wednesday. Gotcha. Remember The reason I said Benson is 'cause they're, you know, Ben John's, I think it's chat v s l one of those is the offer that Todd created with and for him as well.

Right. Um, And I know it converts, It does overlap though with, with, you know, 'cause it's an, it's different, but it's another AI offer. Um, I mean, we certainly could do more than two offers in a given week. When and where could we do Benson's offer? No, I'm saying instead of ju instead of running Joel's again, How did, uh, let's pull up the numbers on Joel's offer.

You know, I'm just thinking again, it's another chance to put money in Joel's pocket. You know? Would you think having two back to back affiliate offers is, Oh, Joel, Joel was not an affiliate offer. Oh yeah. If we did Coberg and Benson true, decent, I'd like to do 'em all.

Look, I'd rather, I'd rather do campaigns that are shorter and don't wear the list out and get the right people who are interested in the campaign. So how can we get Bensons in here as well? I mean, you could run it as a micro bullet as well. Oh yeah. Okay.

I dig that. We good with that? Yeah. So that keeps things, uh, other than updating the, the bonuses on copy calls annual that keeps things light while you're out of pocket. And then, uh, you know, and then obviously just updating the price on mid ticket on John.

And then, uh, I'll be talking to Kosberg this week. We good? Yep. Yeah. And, and as far as, uh, putting together the affiliate offer, um, who's, who's putting together the affiliate offer?

Uh, so let me see what's up with, uh, causes. Uh, cause cause birds Causes I like cause Yeah, causes, I mean, they should, they should provide all the copy. We just need to get put it in Todd's voice. Yeah. So that's all that should be involved with Cosby and Benson, same thing.

Mm-hmm. So, so, so with that, is that something, uh, since it's a main bullet, is that, is that Todd? Is that you? Is that me? Is that just so, so I know we can plan accordingly.

I'm gonna ask the same question. No, It's something, it's something I'll ask you to do. So, uh, so I like the swipe file, but we need to, uh, we need to add something. Let's add a Starburst on this that just says 2024 never released before. Okay.

For, okay, so for, for what? Which one? Remember, remember we co we covered this, bro. We a a hundred percent. We covered, I I was somewhere else.

That's why I'm just, I'm, you're, you're bringing me back. I was. Okay, so, So we covered this. Remember what I said? Um, you know, brand new 2024 release, you know, it needs to say something like, brand new 2024 release never released before.

Uh uh. Okay. Oh, We, oh, you're talking about the the, the swipe is what you're talking about? Yes. Okay.

You, you gotta you gotta gotta bring the context of the conversation back. Um, yeah, we, we did talk about it. I put some, uh, let me look. That may not be the one. So, So I, I put right, I've Been on micro bullet stuff.

I'm not, I'm not even, my, my brain hasn't gone back to it yet. So, um, before swipe, I might have it written down. Oh, just needs to have a starburst on it, uh, To have a starburst on. You mean a little asterisk? What Whatcha trying to say?

I'm Starburst, like on the front of a promotional book, it says Starburst caller one 800 number. You know, Starburst? I never heard that term. Starburst. We've used it.

Te Teddy. How many times have I used Starburst in the last eight years? Too many. See? Yeah.

So it's a thing, Chris. It is just, you know, like on a front of a book, they used to have it. Remember when we were in grade school, it would have the little gold thing, and it was that special like library award that the book's got. I forgot the name. Yeah, a hundred percent.

Yeah. That's a Starburst. So there's a Starburst on the front of the book that says 2024 released the lost files never shared before. 2024. Release.

The lost. I already saw. Did the lost file be shorter? If we do any more in a starburst, it'll have, the starburst will have to be this big to see. I I know how to make a Starburst that big.

If Jaden can't figure it out, tell her I'll teach her how to do it. Oh, You want it, you want it that big. I want a Starburst, dude. Am I, I, no, I'm Just saying if you're talking about the, you know, mother Teresa, you know Stan that you had No, no. The star, the Starburst Be, Look, this is the page.

The Starburst should be about that big on the front. That's massive. I want it to be massive. That's the point. So when people go, oh, I think I got this already.

They look at the Starburst and they go, oh no, I don't have this already. And then they pony up and buy our stuff. But if we do 2024, um, you know, swipe file, that that would, I mean, and it's in, I don't want it to say 2024 swipe file. That's not what I wrote. Okay.

Well, It says 20 and that's Where we left off last time. I do remember last time talked. No, I just, I just wrote, I just rewrote 2024 release. The lost files never shared before. That way it clearly, So you're good.

You're good with the above is what you're saying. You're good with where it's at right now. Just put the Starburst on it and we're, and we're good to go. Yeah. Add a starbust and send it to me and let me see it since clearly I'm a very concerned about the, the handling of the Starburst.

Yeah. Yeah. You, and you and Starburst are, uh, prior to, prior to Damien, I don't think I've ever heard the, the, the term Starburst. So, All right. Listen.

Are, are you guys good? Uh, I, I, I, I think so. Uh, the, I'm gonna keep, I'm Gonna, I'm gonna keep you Chris, uh, part of me, but I have back to backs coming up, and if I don't eat, I'm not eating. So, um, Well, well, why don't we keep, uh, keep Teddy on for a second, just 'cause the, the, so the micro bullet with John. I'm gonna stay out with you, Chris, so let know when you're done with I'm talk to.

Okay. So, and well, and this is, this is is you too. So 2024, no, not 2024, the John, uh, John Benson micro bullet. Um, is that something that, uh, again, same question. Is that something that you're, uh, you're writing up or is that something that we're gonna, I'm John Will, John will give us a package of promotional emails to which we will then take our favorite three, put them in Todd's voice, and release them on like a Friday, Saturday.

They're seeing fast. We do a microphone. Okay. And then the, okay. Gotcha.

Sounds good. Yep. Uh, and then I think Teddy, you and I were, I was gonna stay on with you and, uh, and look up the numbers for swipe files. Yeah. Um, unless we wanna just plan on jumping on after I jump off with Damien.

Yeah. So either way, we, why don't you stay on and finish with Damien and then ping me. Okay. Sounds good. I've got a 12, I got a 1230, but, Okay.

I mean, you can, could easily just run the sales report, uh, in infusion and just, uh, select either with, you can either select all the partners. There's a, there's a cri, one of the under the criteria is referral partners, you can say includes any of these or doesn't include any of these to see which ones we're with and without partners. Okay, cool. Can't fix it then. Lemme know.

Okay. Sounds good. Hey, All right, man. I will, uh, I'll talk to you later. Peace.

What's up buddy? How are you? Good, man. Good, good. Just, uh, morning Brain, that's all.

What was that? Just morning Brain. It's all, yeah. Get up earlier or drink more coffee, man. Yeah, I woke up earlier and I drank coffee, so I did both.

Got more coffee. Yeah. Uh, so listen, man, great, great job with the micro bullets, man. Really good. You know, I mean, look, it's not, it's not, uh, it's not bazillions of dollars, man, but it really matters, man.

And, and you're doing a good job and you're doing it without me. I would say I'm probably involved, like, to the extent of 2%. So you're handling it, man. So that's really, really good. Love that.

Thank you. Yeah, no, it's, it's, it, it's been really, really, really, uh, yeah, it's been, it's been intense because we're learning a ton of stuff, right? I mean, it, you know, it's, it, it it one thing to talk about it or learn about, like learn about it by, by osmosis, which I picked up so much, which is amazing, you know, that that's one huge blessing is jumping into it. I'm like, oh my goodness. Like, you know, I've been around this stuff for so long that I, you know, there is just this, oh, I didn't know that.

I knew that. Oh, I guess I did already know that. You know what I mean? Which is awesome. At the same time, there is this other element which is like, okay, I've never done this, um, and I need to learn it.

And so, uh, yeah, a lot there. And then of course, we're, we're trying to learn how to, how to leverage ai, which is, I, I think the, the trickier, the trickier part. Um, and it produced something that's actually good without your, you know, it requires a person still to this day, it requires a person whenever it pumps out. It's like, I'm still convinced at this point, uh, unless, unless you're not, if you're not a marketing company and you're just some, some person that has this amazing product and you can't write worth, worth, I agree. Hundred percent, Then yeah, it's gonna produce something better than what you could produce.

But it's not putting good copywriters out of business. Let me just say that. Because everything I, I percent, Yeah, everything that's putting out right now, I'm like, uh, if, if anything it, it, and trust me, we've worked, uh, we've worked out so many different, spent so much time trying to figure out how to, how to get it to write what we needed to write the report side, I would say for product creation. So here's, here's the takeaway for product creation. I think it's actually dynamite.

So for that 100%, uh, but building out a campaign, uh, it, it, it provides ideas, um, is what it does. It just, it, it cuts down your time as far as idea creation. Like, oh, okay, that's a different way to spin the same thing. Okay. Yeah, I kinda like that line.

Oh, that's it, that's a couple good lines. And then you hit another line and you're like, that is terrible. Like, why I could never send this out. Um, so, uh, take, take that. I will.

But I know, you know, part of it was AI research, right? This, this whole, the whole idea behind the micro bullet was spend time figure out how to, how to get AI to leverage stuff. And at this point, product creation is where the, where, where I see it as being the biggest, you know, biggest win. I think the other side of it is just, again, you still have to know how, what a sales page is supposed to look like. You need to know what a headline, a good headline sounds like.

And if not, like, it's not gonna do anything for you on that side. Dude, I just came up with a swipe file idea. Have we done this before? Have we done the swipe file as a stack of pancakes? No, but Let's do that stack of pancakes, dude, syrup coming off and like a hand and a fork coming into frame.

Oh, dude, thank you. So I, I kept, I, you know, I'm the one who came up with all the ideas for this thing, and I'm like coming out of, I'm like, I can't, I'm like, if somebody can think how I'm thinking on this one. Yeah, that helps a ton. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. I like that. That's fine. So I, I haven't asked you in a second, um, but yeah, I wanna like look like, just to let you know, we're still, I'm hoping over the next, uh, week or two, uh, we certainly expect to get a little more clarity to start making some decisions, but this is all critical, right? Like managing the existing business more efficiently, having you expand your role, having you drive a, like, that's all, that's all making, it keeps more options open on the chess board.

So you're just keep it up. You're doing a really, really, really good job. Um, and you're increasing your value, which is great, and your, and your skillset, which is awesome. Um, so, uh, I have a given and ask, my give is, I've messaged you, I can't do it now, but I wanna kind of talk a little more about what Alex is looking for. Yeah.

Uh, because I'm pretty sure I, if I put something out on top one, I can get her something pretty quick. I just wanna make sure I fully understand what she's looking for, what her dream is, and then, uh, how to it in her. Yeah. Yeah, I can definitely talk on that for sure. Um, but the ask I have for you is, look, you know, we have this, this huge vote with God thing coming up as you know, um, you know, the majority that honestly is falling on Josh.

Josh is in the middle of everything. And I feel like Michelle's getting lost in the shuffle and strategically for us, right? Strategically for us, it's not just taking, it's taking care of one of our own, but it's also part of chess moves that we're trying to do to make our right, to keep our core business as a still fuel efficient vehicle, right? We don't want the right, we don't want the core business posting up, you know, negative months in a row back to back like that. That's gonna become an issue real, real fast.

And so I'm working, uh, the good news is I'm 95% sure I'm gonna have Jim and Josh on board to have Jaden in a social media role, um, which will allow us to peel some off. So right now, how many hours a week is she getting from us? 30. 30? Yep.

Yeah, So, so we could probably cut her back to, uh, 15 and I'll pay her more. Was she getting 18 an hour? 18, yep. Yeah. And we'll pay her more with wealth with God.

We'll pay her whatever, 20 an hour. Is that fair? By 20? Yeah. Yeah.

It, it, it is. I mean, wages are just, they're, they're, they're, they're going up right now, so I'd have to look again. Yeah. So, so if we play, if we pay her on a trial of 20 an hour at 15, then we could take 15 hours off of M f a. And for her it's like, Hey, you're making more money and you're doing something that you're really excited about and it has more upside opportunity.

It, it, it's a no brainer for Yeah. So I'm going bat together with, appreciate That Out. Um, so I need you, uh, I need you to just get with Josh and let him know, Hey man, I wanna make sure Michelle's crushing. Damien said, I know you have a lot going on and I need you to manage his issues working for us. Like, like, listen, hold on a second, dude.

We had, you know, she told, and maybe I, maybe I, you know, I know sometimes things with Michelle communication get a little confusing. Um, but she was like, no, I didn't collect anything. And I'm like, dude, we had like, whatever, 50, 60 orders last week, which means I know we had a dozen declines. We probably have literally three, 400 people on payment plans. I know there's money floating out there, you know.

And so, um, I just need to know that she's making an impact and it just, I don't, like, she needs more than me just having her send, send me a report once a week. Well, Just, just so you know, uh, she sent me a message. So this is, this, this is perfect time. I Told her, I told her to send you a message, by the way. Oh, you did?

Gotcha. Okay. So, so she sent me a message. Well, I, I, you know, again, I talked with Josh, I know this week is gonna be a really, really, really bad week. 'cause I'm gonna try and pa like, I need to pound out everything I could possibly get out for, for this week so I can take, uh, take time off.

Um, a couple things just, and this is, this is unbelievably important for me to do this. Um, uh, you need to talk a couple things. I need permissions to everything. Um, because if I'm managing somebody, I need to know where stuff, I need to be able to log into stuff. I need access to stuff.

That's number one. Number two, you need to talk with Josh because no matter what you do, um, he's a super sweet guy and I know he crushes it. But anytime that you have another guy, uh, you know, anybody jumping into your space, that needs to be very clearly communicated. Because I'll, alright, I have a call with him in like four minutes and I'll, I'll tell him I'm gonna be stepping on, I'm gonna be stepping on toes. Just let him know for this week.

Just, I just need him to get me access to everything, everything he has access to. And then also permission to mess things up. 'cause if I'm gonna manage her, like I would manage her internally, I need, you know, and I'm, of course I'm gonna be leveraging him. He knows he, you know, he, he knows his stuff. Uh, but yeah.

Yeah. I, I, I don't wanna, I don't wanna make a mess, uh, of, of somebody else's kitchen. So I need, I need permission to go in there. He needs to be aware, um, and, and access to stuff. But I can definitely start jumping in.

Done. Cool. Um, all right. Everything else good? Yeah, man.

Yeah, I, uh, I, I'm, I'm starting to, my brain's starting to wire wire back up. So good. What was that? I said my, my brain is starting to wire back up. I've never, you know that man, you've, you've known since you've known me.

Uh, you know, anytime before, I used to always say it anytime before nine 30. It's like, you'll get me, uh, I'm just not talking, Chris. I'm not conversational. You know, what you need to do is you need to change your, you need to keep all your household clocks on. E s P.

What was that? You need to keep your hot cold box on E s d I was the same thing when I was e s d. Um, you know, it's, yeah, I, you know, I, I can wake up at 7:00 AM and still I'm still just in, you know, just quiet to myself. And then I then come nine 30 and my brain is just like, good. So I have, I have a wealth of, but, uh, I started doing my crosswalk project.

Yeah. What? Oh, nice. Th 30 yards. Dude, I, I was blow blowing bullseye, no problem.

30 yards. I dropped back to 40. Um, I had my height wrong twice, but then I blew a bullseye in my third shot. And dude, fierce, bro. The thing is still like, shooting through wood and through like a one foot block at 40 yards, like the velocity on it is, Is that with the new scope?

What's that? Yeah. Yeah. How's the new scope? Is it, is it way better?

Good. It's great. Oh, way, way better. Way better. I gotta jump on this call.

I don't wanna be late. All right, brother. All right. Keep me posted. We'll talk soon.
