---
title: "Level 10 2023-03-13 15:26:39"
date: 2023-03-13
duration: 1h 6m
duration_seconds: 3985
vimeo_id: 807606780
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-03-13 15:26:39

**Date:** 2023-03-13 | **Duration:** 1h 6m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, man? Howdy howdy, how are you? Good, man, how's Arizona? Man, it's a it's a it. It's great man.

It's way better than yeah way better than what I thought in a good way. Yeah succeeded. Just just how interesting the kid. It's kind of looks so blue. I'll do the kids do all of us or Skyline.

I know it's super soon. But do they feel any different at all, or Probably too soon right now just because I you know, yeah, I'll say this though. We haven't seen any any mold on any of the buildings and in the places we've been in the only thing we so the only area that they've been affected by so so I should say yes, right feeling any better that that takes a while but not being not reacting in the moment in a place is something that we can measure and the only place that they had a reaction was this old. So there's a like just a free park that they have here. They have like a bunch of trains that you can walk in.

And they went into one of the old trains like an old old train car. That's not even from here. Right? It's a train car that drove all that I that's going in like an antique mall, bro that places like Crawling with spores it was bad, but that was only ironically those only place and it was the only thing that wasn't really from here. So so it's been a really good sign.

In fact, we went to an old Colombian. I say an old Columbia Restaurant was a Columbian restaurant like a strip mall, but I was like an old one like from like the late 60s early 70s shirt Mall, you know the Hank that down ceiling right and she was actually a remarking the fact that almost every time we've ever gone into a place like that. There's usually like some sort of like Funk right and she didn't even get that from inside there. So I was impressive very cool very cool excited and appreciate the pics and love seeing you guys on the journey. So yeah, what's up, Rhonda?

Hey, hey, how's it going? Good, you getting some fresh air some some sunlight. Yeah, well, it's actually ugly today. It's dreary and raining but I'm out here with a pup. So that's oh did you just did you just get the dog?

Yes a week ago. Oh, you have to show us. Oh my goodness, you know what now, but hold on. Yeah, like you said, I got a new buff right here and shoot the baby. Come here though.

Come here. Yeah. We got a demon this is Oh gosh, look at that. That's okay. That's a cute pod said part painful.

It's full blue nose. Blue nose paper and it's a girl. So her name is though my son named herzo. Because it means life in Hebrew. Oh, yeah.

Oh, yeah now I'm a dog mom. So your talk mom. Why their work? Oh, yeah, all the journeys of Life. Yeah all the phases.

All right. You know me. I'm so anti everything. I can't type. I had an idea.

This is a business you guys wanted that I haven't an idea. I am the Grinch. Hello, it's called one of my ideas to my entrepreneur. I was the idea. It's called bad packs.

Right and it's a rental store and like when your kid is like right. So let's say Scholars like Dad Dad. I want a cat. I want a cat so bad. You're like no problem go to bed pets and you can rent a horrible version of a cat that comes home.

Attach your son pees everywhere bite some kid after a week kids like dude. I don't want to cat saves you literally tens of thousands of dollars. Okay, imagine the reviews that you get on that like thank you. Thank you bad pet you save this thousands don't exactly. Oh my goodness.

That dog was the worst like my kid never my kids terrified of dogs now. That's just five stars. Just one of my business ideas. Kicking it around, you know. I like it.

Uh, you'll like this message. I just got so I just just got this today if you see that hey. Hey wanted to catch up about top one. From our friend you may not recognize the ZIP code but Mr. Charles blue, so Charles Lewis Master.

Yeah. Oh man. Yeah. No, no doubt. He's all the pictures of the man.

She was like I have to be I need to get into that. Yeah, I told you he said to him. He said I mean I got to really taught and I got to really kind of know Charles a bit and I remember he said to me once he was like He's like, yeah, he's like I like coming to these things. He's like, I really don't have any friends. Oh, wow, this is where I talked to people which I get like it's not a weird thing like as an entrepreneur as an online entrepreneur, like I get it like I completely you work from home.

Most people have no understanding of what you do or how you make money. It's weird, you know, so I get it. Do you know do you know Damien when you my first met you and I remember I actually wouldn't like I don't quite know like I I think I do like I was always confused, you know that my my parents I have talked to my parents numerous times about what I do and they they're so confused. Like I don't we doesn't think online. I'm right online.

Nobody says about any other like gyms a plumber always like I don't know like He doesn't mean my favorite. My favorite is Todd goes he goes dude. He goes Kelly still does this to me? She'll be like hey our neighbor Rick his computer's broken. I told him you could help him and he goes, why did you tell him that she's like, well you I know you work on computers.

He's like no idea. I don't work in computer. That's not what I do should be like no, but you do you're on computers all the time and like that's what you do. See that's funny. What do people think you do Glenda?

They don't really get it. I'm just like horse for marketing. I just leave it at that because it's too much like that's a good. And they're like and I say I work from home. They're like, wow, that's so awesome.

Are they hiring? And I'm like no. Um, all right. Well, listen, I want to talk. So we're gonna meet tomorrow Teddy's back lots of stuff happening.

Um do are we confirmed for tomorrow Glenda? Chris said is okay, but I have to still hear back from Teddy and make sure that he's good. He's back in style. Okay. So the reason we're meeting today is I want to talk about copy Legends super important.

But before we do to either of you have anything else that we need to cover. That do you have any needs issues? I do. I don't know if we want to maybe talk about this tomorrow, but Jay shell is like hey, I'm ready to come back basically like ASAP right now. It doesn't mean that we you know, we could still push that out say yeah, that's more but sure looking at wanting to re-enter and week.

So, you know, there are some ideas see you and I have talked through some ideas for that. And so I'm just it's becoming more real now. It's a bit. So I'm saying all that I I obviously have a lot of calls happening right now. We have a lot of projects happening.

So I want to want to be able to give enough attention to this. So if you can just be kind of Hyper Speed thinking but I know before you and I were thinking about it, but I'm back so so I would say I would say a couple things to that. So first of all, there's definitely gonna be you know, I don't know how much it's gonna be. It's not gonna be 30 hours a week but there's definitely gonna be some additional stuff of copy Legends. There's gonna be a lot of calling and texting that needs to be done every single day to both the RSVPs and then on oursvps, so I think should be great for that.

So I would probably just let her know like hey, you know, I'm gonna start getting you more work. So, you know, you're just gonna to keep communication because I don't you know, I I would I don't want it or something like hey heads up like I just went out and got something out like so you're just gonna need to have an open conversation with her and just say hey like You know, we want you I'm working on moving pieces. I just want to make sure like, are you just eager to work or you like you have a ticking Time Bomb where hey if I don't have this many hours and this many days. I need to find something else because I need to know on my end. So make sure to have that conversation with her on there's definitely going to be some critical stuff that I would happy happily.

I think she'd be great at I know she'd be great at and we could use a copy Legend stuff the other thing, you know, like we talked about I'm gonna say this right to you. I'll say it would blend a here. Is you've told me many many times right that you you making an extra? 500 bucks a grand 1500 bucks matters. Yes, correct.

Like it. It impacts you like it not just like it's helpful like it like doing that regularly is like lifestyle changing. Yes completely agree. Yes. Okay, so you have the opportunity to do that, right?

We now have I think we've got 10 11 or 12? scheduled paid consoles Yeah, dude, getting close one or two. These are paid consoles. Right? Like they are the creme de La Creme, you know, they're gonna show up they paid they're interested like they bought a product already.

They're looking for help close one or two and I'll pert light. I'm gonna be managing bullets going forward. So Todd's just gonna focus on new stuff. I'm gonna be the the dude the trigger the guy with the trigger finger and I'll work that in as much as possible in the campaigns, but I need you to do your part and show me that we can generate revenue from it because it's a game changer, right if we offer a low ticket like hey man got to the head is done, you know, it's generate five or six friends the first bullet that and I'm proud of this is generated over a hundred units in sales, right 37 dollar product, but still getting a hundred people to buy is not an easy thing to do now and The numbers though, right if we sell a coaching now all of a sudden we have a low ticket bullet which we forecast to bring in 5K now of some low ticket brings in 15K you sell you sell to now it brings in 25 K that changes everything you agreed you two on I think right now I think there's at least 11 there might be 12. You're talking too closes on 11 or 12 consoles.

Right. Yeah, so bro. It's like all all the balls are in your court man. I will I will commit I will promise you you hit the ball. I will build it in I will build it in whether it's monthly every other week.

I will build it. I will build the upsells just like I did to this to get paid consults on the calendar, but I need you to do your part and I need you to call. Absolutely. Yeah, I mean and that's excited for it. It's a huge opportunity.

So on that thread, can you do me a favor? Can you go into that Chad that we had and in that thread look through those talking points and kind of I mean just just thinking through what's being promised right on that call and kind of how to package it. So because I'm twofold I think that I think the the trick with this one is having them walk away with fulfilling their their expectations as a program meaning I'm paying off I'm paying, you know, I mean not a huge amount of money, but I'm paying, you know, Small Change should jump on a call with somebody to get something to make sure that that feels like a hundred percent. You knocked out of the park and because of that, right it also the opportunity to sell them into another program. So so they don't feel like it's a sales call they feel so what And this is good at right you're a seasoned dude, your season sales guy and your seasoned with our company.

Um, I know there are a lot of guys that do two steps two calls on stuff like that. I'm not against you feeling it out. And if you feel like this might go a little awkward if I suddenly try to close them at the end of this just say, you know be able to get to the end of the call and say hey, so let me ask you a question. Terms of getting that key that campaign in place if there was a way for you to know for sure that an eight weeks you had that campaign, but Bob who's built with the right mythology that is that something you think that would be helpful. Yeah, what great, so I'll tell you what, I'm gonna do I'm gonna send you a little bit of homework.

Let's schedule a part two to this. I want to give you a little bit more time of my time, right? And let's hop on the call tomorrow afternoon. Right and then I would give them something to watch give them something E5 to watch give him a case study. Give them a webinar from God give them a piece of content right find something that's gonna wet their whistle and have them be like man.

I need this thing in my business and then hop back and a call and just people say you have a chance to reflect on everything you shared to get to think about that, you know, do you feel like you see the opportunity in the business? You see how important that is, correct your chance to watch that great. So let's get back to this. I know you said you felt like it would be helpful right? Help me to understand.

What why do you feel like that would be helpful for you? Well, you know, I usually when I build stuff I don't have anybody to bounce ideas around, you know, I have campaign in place that I see the path now great. Let me show you how we can help. Awesome, that's super. Oh, you know it, you know and I would feel that out.

I'm not saying look you you're you're not a rookie. You have seasoning and you know, there's some people you know, when you're like they're they're just itching to invest more that they're like, yeah, like saying if they're nibbling without you even even saying it there just like man, I love to all my goodness how else what else what else you know, like they're just chomping at the bit then by all means go for it. But if you have to call it to call it, right if you feel like that's just gonna give the right experience. Then two column. Just don't call over two weeks to call it over like 24 to 48 hours at most.

Yeah. Yeah, I usually don't like two calls. However, yeah, I will feel that out. If it does require that I'll pivot I like that idea of how how you pivoted. I thought that was really smart.

Um, but yeah, if you can if you could still just look through on top of that like just look through those questions kind of that. That's if you could just bump it up a little more than the thread I get hammered all day on stuff. Okay. Yeah in all I'm asking for is just just to feel it. Yeah, I mean again, I'm trying I'm yeah, it's leading them into the sale.

Of course. I think I do a good job in there but also delivering value like look at that and just see if there's anything that maybe that's what it is. Yeah, you know what I would say like if I was taking this call, no script no outline just boom. Hey, you got all three minutes. The thing that I would be prepared for is that when you start the call, you have to be prepared for the fork in the road, which is are they somebody who kind of has something going?

This is Charleston. Hold on. Hold on and that's actually really good. Hold on because I I think I am this. A preliminary questions even know how long I should how much I shouldn't be going into it which mean I'm gonna deliver value regardless, but if I already know that this is at that end, I'm gonna handle that call a lot different and so, you know what they just getting feel for what their business actually is in the beginning, right?

Which You know say I think would be would be key. So. It almost getting it feel where they're at Revenue wise because that honestly for me giving them value to knowing what stage in the game they're in is it's a it's a whole lot different if you're yeah right similar to like when we do a top on entrepreneurial intake right? There are some people that you know, not typically this is not the case because they want to get in the top one on but even when applications like okay, like six out of these seven questions, they have no usable answers to because they're not doing anything. um now granted you and I might say hey gun to the Head really sounds like you know the Right.

It doesn't it doesn't necessarily mean that they're they're right there. They have something going right. It still may be the case. And so you're just gonna need to kind of ask a question at the start. I probably like.

Hey so so cool. So saw you saw you grab gun to the Head really really excited for you excited for you to sit down, you know, this is gonna be powerful. This is gonna be fast. This is gonna be impact again, I would I would build it up at the beginning just so you know, right, you know, I am a nice guy, but I'm here I'm here today. So that by the end you have Clarity you have Vision you see things you haven't seen before.

Is that cool with you? Is that okay? We really take the gloves off and just get our hands dirty together great cool. So just real quick. You need two minutes or less.

Give me show tell me what the tell me what the business is. Who do you what do you sell you sir? And how's it going right now? And if they just say, hey, well, I just have an idea or have something I haven't sold anything yet. Then you're gonna need to be able to hit it, right.

You're going to need to be upright if they say yeah, I'm up and going then you could say well how big's your list how often you message them. Do you have a back end you have a secondary offer. You have a follow-up, right? You can ask all those other questions, but if they're just like yeah, you know, I kind of have something I haven't started selling it yet or only got two sales then you're going to need to be able to Pivot. And be able to say you're gonna have to ask them separate questions and say, okay, so help me to understand a little bit.

Uh, how we understand your model right? Like what are you trying to sell how much you're trying to sell it for? Right? Are you planning to have a front end as well as a backhand you have a do you have a way to generate leads in traffic in mind? Have you thought about it having tested that you have a budget for that?

All those other things right? And then ultimately all those questions are gonna leave back to okay. So let me explain what I'm seeing right now, you know, there's a mistake that a lot of entrepreneurs make, you know, they focus on blah blah, but at the end of the day the engine of your business is the ability to have a predictable way to get new customer sales every single day, right? That is the most important thing you have to focus on right now in the business without the ability to get new customer sales every day. There is no business.

Let me explain why Bob do you have a plan current? Like what is your plan to build that campaign to build that system out that I don't know. Let me explain why we always talk about, you know, a lot of people talk about you know organic. I'm gonna go viral. I'm gonna become a YouTube influencer a lot of people talk about, you know, you know blog posting or affiliate link that it let me explain why we always Advocate with our hot to our highest in clients with products advocated for two decades all the biggest best response marketing companies.

Always use paid me. Here's why use pay here. It's controllable. It's measurable. It's you know, it's scalable, right?

But in order to use paid media, especially now through your current paid media costs have gone up and up. You really have to have a dialed in E5 campaign. You have to have that kind of campaign that has the my recommendation is to use to put all your focus all your Firepower on this, you know, I know a lot of times entrepreneurs can focus on like man. I want to make the best product that and that's true you have that great product, but let me let me share something. Let me ask you a question.

Well, who do you think is gonna make more money at the end of the day this is when an average product and great marketing or this is a great product and average marketing. I'll tell you it's no contest. In fact, there's a lot of great products with average marketing that go out of business or never been making to this, you know, like that's where you have to take. Yeah, totally. Yeah, this is all importance of London can get to this afterwards, please.

That'd be super helpful. Um, yeah, great. Thank you. Yes, super helpful with all of that in mind, which I think what you laid out with a flow of how you're thinking what questions to ask net. That's exactly what I'm looking for.

So if you could take a look at my list and see if there's a way you could take maybe what I have and and what I'm missing I'll definitely be listening to your reporting but I want to make sure that you know that that flow is dialed and I don't the less I have to work it out in real time on a call sure better right like I mean granted we're gonna have to go so I would say once your first call scheduled tomorrow morning tomorrow morning. Alright, so help me help you right I'll be on I don't mind logging on late if I have to like take what I just shared and add that in and then let me look at the way you think about it and give you feedback on that. Okay supposed to meet up because because really again you have to have those two traps, right if someone is hey man, even if we're generating 5,000 a month, right you can ask those questions. How big your list is how often email your list you have multiple offers, right? But if somebody is what you're gonna get them, right if somebody is like the you know, yeah, I want to add a million dollars to my business.

Well technically don't even have a business yet. I don't know if I'd say that or not maybe I would with some people I would just like it gonna be honest like you don't have this until you're getting customers every single day. You don't have a business. Let me explain why you know, yeah. Now, that's really that's good.

Cool. I'll do that. You know, I'll put something together. I'll revise it. Definitely agree to tracks right one for you know, obviously an established business the other where there isn't one.

It doesn't mean that the folks in that camp. I can't offer something, you know still think E5 Camp is a smart route. I mean, I always go back to what Todd said which is, you know, if you were to build another business he would start with the marketing camp. Something I always try to share with people. I'm like, hey, you know oftentimes they want to get all their ducks in the Row first, but they have no idea the idea of even the idea to sell the minute, you know how things work and and what constitutes a good offer that changes what you're gonna offer right like instead of being like Oh what let me try and figure out what I'm passionate about.

I love dry cleaning. It's like really like, I mean, you're kind of limited in dry cleaning. Why because you know, you you have data you understand how are entails works and so starting with that first, I think gives people a better option or better idea of what would actually be a viable product or not. So thank you. Absolutely.

Absolutely. And yeah after you have the call, I'm happy to hop on feedback with you strategize together Glenda. I'm gonna jump into coffee while I'm doing this could please tell me I'm assuming Charles who was that a Founders rate in which case I would put them in third, correct? I believe it was at 30. Let me double check in his Infusionsoft.

Yeah. Well 30 is the renewal for everybody. Right? I mean, we're not on it except for the ones like for example. Pete Rizzoli, that signed was grandfathered in that 25 Yeah, I thought I thought about it at 30, right?

Okay. No, no Pete. It was remember that 2021 when we brought back like Kevin P. Yeah, they were all grandfathered back in at 25 because they were in like the original top one like the first yeah Charles Charles who was the father wasn't he? I don't think he was in the first year.

I think he came in the second year. No, I think I think he was. I think he was I distinctly remember this fantastic story where where Charles were basically at the night session. He gives his Infamous incognegro speech in front of the whole crowd and I'm like, oh my gosh this guys lose Canon and then the next day I see him in Hall and he's walking around. He's got like a little special bag and he's like always like I'm in I'm in top one like my awesome.

I'm like, oh my God. Yeah, you're right. Which disclose this guy which is funny, but eventually happen. You're right came in. He came in that are you know, we're not we're not founding a 25 I was gonna found him at 25, but then he didn't take us up on it.

So it'll be 30 for him. Any fourth thing is I told him that anyways, but anyways, oh, okay, so Right because I told him I would give an E5 camp and I would hold his rate for the year. He decided not to activate it so gotcha. Okay. All right.

So check this out. So here's what's happening with copy line. So there let me explain why this is so important. Obviously the ability to sell these recordings even with me to do a very very successful promotion. It could be one of our best promotions.

Probably of the year is based upon having Stellar people in the room as we know sometimes people don't reply sometimes people say they're coming and they don't show up. And so we have two campaigns two separate initiatives which Chris I'm asking. I will be the marketer, but you are the quarterback you you're the Executioner honest. Okay. Okay.

Now we need to run to make sure right marketing campaigns that we the people that say, yes, we make sure we build dentistry and we get them in the room. The people that say don't reply that we do everything we can to get them to her clock. Okay? So I created this spreadsheet which I will share now. Hold on one second, and then I'm going to share my screen.

Oh, it's already sure copy link. I'll start to guess which it's the I just I just added it did guest list. She okay Chad Chris. Okay, Chad. Yeah.

All right. So this is what I'm thinking and we could talk through this that's not Final on so let's talk about the answers. Okay. Um, obviously we have a room block of this Glenda, correct? The room block for the copy Legends, you know like mansion.

Yes. Yes. The Mansion is already reserved for that week. No, but we have a room block right because they're not all gonna stay with they're all locking all sleep in a room with us. Oh, so you want you want an extra room block for these people?

And can you start existing room block? Did we sell out of our last room block? No, no. No we didn't but usually it's like 25 so I can just tell them to raise it. That's okay doesn't put us on the hook raise it but so obviously booking the room is kind of like the thing that most solidifies them showing up is that they have their room book.

Yeah. I'd like you to work with Jay shell either have a call with Jay shall or Chris huge Glenda, Joe since Glenda always does the event RSVPs. I'd like to kind of to share what she does. However, okay so over here everybody who says yes is going on the show. So everybody's gonna be on one of these two sheets, right?

So everybody from this list, I want to make sure that this is all super important. So let me it's all being recorded. No, I know but I mean There's a lot happening right now with projects. I mean, I don't want to spend an hour and a half. Okay, we're all Frontier Chris well friends.

I'm making myself some wild or wrong which didn't as well. I don't know if I don't like beliefs or parsley my bone bro, but we're all day and it amazing amount of all it turns out it actually not an amazing amount. I don't like to drink. All right, we're good. I think it's the least of the parts that need a little bit of money taste.

But I didn't think I did learn to make Glenda my own birthday sauce. Which I was close before but look at the beautiful color on this. and look at I love a good. Just beautiful jalapeno of garlic cilantro and just yeah, you know gorgeous anyways, all right talking about right now. I love Peppers, you know.

Yeah. All right. Yeah, we still we still laugh about when I threw the hot sauce on your Crest every time I anytime someone sees the hot sauce bottle you come up. I love it. Versus eating dinner with me and the girls and I had Hots he's like always like I like hot sauce on my cure and I shake it up with the capital and I basically through half a bottle of hot sauce also over Chris.

Yeah. No it didn't and there it was like I have a movie like everybody was spilling everything. Do you remember that? I mean every I don't know, okay. It was awesome.

All right. So to be clear every single name on this list unless it's a test name. I don't even care. I don't care if they're top one or not every name on this list. Okay.

Needs to show up on either this sheet meaning they said yes or this sheet meaning know what they did not RSVP yet. Okay. So the people who said yes, the first thing that's gonna happen is gonna be a confirmation call. Okay, this is just an example Bob Jones. Okay, the call was made it's in green meaning answered.

Everything was good if there's no answer. Okay, we'll just keep note try to call them on the 13th the 14th to 15 the 16th. I texted him whatever the case may be, right. Well, I had notes here, but we want to be able to see in red or green have we made contact with these people? Okay.

When they are RSVPs, we're gonna add them to a six-week email sequence. I will be writing the copy for this and I will have time record the videos, okay? um and they will then get dropped into this we'll have this be automated but they'll be manually added to this unless we want to automate adding them to the that's fine. I'll leave that up to okay, man you yeah. Okay.

We then want a welcome pack that will go out immediately. We'll talk about what's in the welcome pack in a second. We then want to follow up physical mailing on May 1st. Um, and then we're gonna have a series of postcards that are like we are only, you know, just 90 days away from you know, the coffee Legends just 30 days away just 40 days away. See you there.

Everyone's waiting whatever I'll design, you know, all you'll tell me Damien I need to design here suspects all design. I'll show it over to Jade and she'll take care of it. We'll have a final call that will go out 30 days before the event just like blend of those with top one. Hey, just checking in you have any questions about your travel? So on and so forth.

Okay, and then we'll have these will be the two sort of follow-up packs. That we're going to do and so we could talk about what's going to be in each of them in a second. Okay. Can I recap any OS fashion just to make sure that we're on the same page that way it's just possible. So right now we have the invite list which is basically all the people that are obviously are invited those folks the end of the day need to be in one of two lists, either the yes list or the no or did not RSVP at first for organizations sake everybody's gonna copy everybody.

This is I'm just telling you what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna copy everybody from the invited list over into the yes column right now. And what we're gonna do is obviously something where Jay shell is Gonna Come In which perfect she's going to be confirming with folks the folks that um, obviously say no those folks are gonna go over into the no list the folks that say, yes, right. We're going to go ahead and add them to a six week email sequence that you're gonna be writing. I'm probably gonna manually add them to that.

Following that that's where we're going to start talking about the welcome pack as well as the follow-up pack for May 1st. And then after that we're gonna have a series of postcards kind of going from like Hey, we're three months away or 90 days away 60 days away 30 days away and we're gonna create postcards for that. Is that yes, correct. Correct this welcome. I want to go out as soon as possible.

So let's talk about we talked about right so we talked about the badge. um so in the okay, so this would have a badge. Plus letter for me. Plus what else can we include in here for them? Do we want to give them travel like all the travel information?

Yeah, yeah. Well definitely not a t-shirt. I know we talked about that that's gonna be too hard to get size and all that stuff. Yeah. So I like the idea of badge.

I like the idea of having something branded some sort. So I don't know if you know, is that a notebook or some sort of like note taking I don't know people still use that if they use their computers a bag maybe because a bag is is doesn't matter to the size, right? What about if we do a badge letter for me travel information save the date magnet and maybe next time we send them the hat and the journal? That's good. Because when when she does a confirmation call she can maybe actually that's it.

Not a bad idea to ask for the size. We want to send you something, you know, we don't need their size for sending them a hat and a journal. No, I'm safe. Listen t-shirt and sauce. No.

No, I'm saying a t-shirt. Okay, so you call we could I'm just saying is it with a T-shirt be cooler than I feel like hats can be flops. Sometimes everybody's a hat person. Everybody's a t-shirt person, right? Where's shirts?

So do you think we send the journal on the hat on the second one or a journal in the shirt on the second one or just the shirt on the second one and say send the journal? um I said we send the journal on the first one. Now that I say it out loud just yeah, cuz that's the the mindset right number one. It's branded number two. It's like it's setting the tone that stuff is gonna get done right you're gonna have to write stuff down.

So I I like it. I think I think bigger at first to wow them while I'm with the invite. Wow, and what the confirmation maybe I'll send invite more formal schedule anything else we could send that second back. A t-shirt. Yeah t-shirt formal schedule for for sure.

Do we want to put it so here's a thought right? We had we had that. By not binder but some sort of like and we say welcome pack. But and again we're going to produce deliverables for these right but some sort of like pack of information whether that's you know, another rebranded version of that gate that's good. That's gonna have the travel information.

It's gonna be a letter for me. It's gonna have the room block. Okay, that's true. Okay, never mind. So is there anything else we want to include with the t-shirt and the more formal schedule?

Now, I'm just trying to picture opening that. Would that feel? Kind of just random. No, I could work work. That's not bad.

What do you think Linda? Um, so we're sending them three mailings then. That's what we're doing here. What we're saying packages, we're sending them two packages. So name a welcome pack, um, you know, obviously as soon as we can get this welcome pack put together, they're gonna get that in the mail which is going to include a badge a letter as well as some sort of like details about the event right package number two, it's gonna include and so I don't know that this is we're looking at May first.

So let's just say a couple months, you know, you know down the way we're gonna get t-shirt and a formal schedule and the whole idea is that it's being dripped in right that we're maintaining that excitement. So they're saying yes to it. It's an event. That's further away. But the more things that they get especially the Branded it it brings them it ties them to the event the more guilty they'll feel if they cancel.

So I I think that's 100% any any is there anything else we can Guilt them so you could but other than in the letter my guilt trip in the letter, um, is there anything else we can include that might have their name like a badge in the first one will have their name that might have their name on it. That would be I mean, I mean we could send them like there, you know their table sign to go at the table, but that's kind of weird like want to travel with that. Is there anything else we can include their name on? Other than the shirts we oh we could do a team. I'm kidding.

It's actually not a bad idea for top one share one to do branded on the back. With what I said, depending on what kind of theme we go for but actually having their names on the back. But that would be cheesy for this event. So we're not gonna do that. And the journal is going in the first pack.

Yeah, let me ask you a question Chris. You just said it was cheesy, but it reminded me a lot of the old rock and roll t-shirts remember like it would have like the concert dates on the back. Yeah. What do you think do you think that would be totally cheesy if we had like? You know copy Legends and we have a list of all the names we said and more but we had all the people who said yes.

and so their names I love I I love that that sparked it because I I dig that it's well and the issue I had the reason why I said cheesy was more because it was a disconnect between the theme the theme is very high-end and and it very, you know, it's it's it's Black Tie, right? Even the even the logo and and kind of how we how we sent it. I just don't think rock or even the sports team. My whole idea was like, you know, it's the actual like sure right. But is there a way to do that and make it look high-end?

Or would there be a disconnect as far as the theme it's like you're sending me a rock shirt, but this supposed to be like high-end black eye copy lock it. I've had or does it does it am I overthinking? It doesn't really matter at that point. It's like it is a cool guy. I love you stand up.

Could we send them a monogram shirt? That has a copy Legends has an initials on it or something like that. I've been pretty cool. Just trying to think we do do that design wise. Without it looking cheesy actually ironic.

I I did your idea. I didn't answer really good. I think. I don't know. I feel like design wise it.

I think it's still look cool and who's to say just to say the opening opening letter, which was an invite was very formal doesn't mean that the event has I don't know is it weird? I don't know. Is that like a shirt you'd wear and be like there's a bunch of names of people on the back of the shirt. I don't know. It's a little dorky.

Let's just think look we don't have to make that decision now, right? This is the second package we have to prepare. Is there anything else that we could think of that might go along with a T-shirt and a formal schedule? haha I mean do you feel like hats are I mean, you know this Glenda I mean I mean the the last hat that we gave out they were all raving about it. So yeah, I was really nice.

Well, let's just do that same same brand if everybody was right. They're free. Yeah, just it just also built right invokes the law of reciprocity people like man these they send things that sure you know, like I think that that's solid. I like that a lot. Yeah, me too.

Done. So is the event formal? As you guys said he marketing of the event is formal like okay. Yeah, looks it almost looks like like an award show like it was it was black and gold. It's very clean.

Yeah. Okay, so Chris. Um, I will get the videos from Todd, okay. I already told you to start working on the badge. Yep.

Um, you need to put together the travel information. And to save the date magnet. Okay. You that travel travel information? I'm gonna but I'm gonna Yeah, just work with them.

Hey, this is the best airport. This is the room looking block. This is how you know, so I'm gonna work with you and Question. Is there a reason why you wanted to send both packages? So close together because since the event this first package should go out immediately meaning now on the next bottom line later.

Okay. But it does take a while. So I mean just just to be clear it does. Yeah, so we're going to just looking at that actually so welcome back he click on it again. What everything that's going into it?

I just want to look at it. So bad isn't gonna take this long obviously letter. That's I shouldn't take that long. We're talking a week. Travel and room info on a card, especially this week.

When he says travel though, he just means like this is the best airport. This is the address of where it's at, you know, so that way they know like they can start seeing the distance and stuff like that correctly put on like a little postcard. Yeah. I'm thinking just like a like a actual postcard that way they don't miss it just because there's not gonna be that many things like, you know, flying to this airport, you know, you know, obviously it's Florida and the summer right? So maybe just some tips on you know, what to bring with them.

And that's a that's about it. Well, I mean Actually, here's a question. They're gonna ask they're gonna ask straight, but where do I stay? So that's why the room the room block links. Oh, so we should put so here.

Here's a opportunity. We want to seize it while it's hot. We want a QR code to be able to book their room on that postcard. Right, and and she should also be doing that on the call. Jay shell should be giving them the room block information room block all and down and black QR for Welcome.

Pack so we need to get the room block stuff from you. But as far as printing I think the the journals by the time we get all the assets together, we're looking at what if we get the assets together finalized by next week print. I don't know why the assets getting finalized next week. The bet I asked for the batch to start getting created but we like but we just can take the badge badges quick and easy. I'm just Right, but yeah, I mean the actual printing part of it.

I'm not really worried. Honestly. It's just the the travel and room info designed on that. And and so right now I have her working on a testimonial stuff. Which we have to talk about and so I I have to get it's really important when people say yes like just this week and we need to get a package out as soon as possible.

So if that means that Jaden needs to shift Focus if that means that Jay shell needs to pick up some support hours. So Jaden could double time design stuff. Do you think Excel said she'd be able to jump on next week? So so she so Jay shell can jump on next week. So I yeah, I I don't I just always I'm again, I we're good.

All right on the sales letter and I'll get the videos from Todd. Are we are we cool with all this? We are yep. Is there anything you need from me today, Chris? Other than the room block I'm gonna reach out to reunion now.

yeah, so just room room block and then you can just jump on a call with Jaden and I because we're going to be you know jumping on and talking through this stuff. Or just you and I but it doesn't matter. I figured it's well, I'm gonna be talking with her out this call if you're out for jumping on with her and myself and then we'll just talk through the event details. Um So how many just like no because I have to give them a number of how many to include in this to add to our room block. How many are we looking that will be coming?

Right. Now we have what third 13 confirmed or 14 13 or 14 confirmed? I don't know. Can you go to the invite list Damien? Let's let's I need to deal with the separate with Glenda because I do have to bounce but it's a money thing.

So I I know it's gonna come back I also okay. That that's just because it's it's we're anticipating. Well, I don't have I don't have RSVPs is on this so I don't know where the s's are being kept. So let's just say 14 out of scroll down. Scroll down.

Okay, 14 not make sure there's not overlap with the top one people. Okay, so Yeah, we need RSVP some of okay. So out of who's rsvp'd right now. We're looking at a little less than half. So the question is is how many out of the remaining let's just say 15 just for easy numbers.

How many more people do we think we can get to RSVP? Um And I don't have an answer. So the question is is you know, if we're either gonna have to sign on over booking the rooms and accept the expense on that or deal with ramifications of under booking. And then what does that look like? Does that mean that I just make sure just just make sure Glenda that you like get us figure out what Chris the room block again.

This is logistics. I understand it's money, but it's not it's Logistics of the room stuff like figure out the room block and negotiate just to make sure that we have like up into a certain period to trim our room block, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, they always give us a period aggressive. Just make sure you just watch our exposure. That's all just watch it's only for I mean technically we really only have to you know, that's that's the question.

We book one or two nights. Uh, but technically we really only need one night, you know. Yeah, we can't have crossover because folks are gonna be coming in the next day. So it's all across the same room. Correct.

But but what I'm saying is we can't do like one room block that starts the day before and then a new one for the event which would which would offer less less of a room block meaning there has to be staggering because some of these folks may stay, you know, obviously they're gonna stay the night of the copy lock-in which would move into the next day which is when everybody else is arriving. Yeah cool her and I will figure it out. All right, so does Chris have access to the sheet? Yes. Okay, for sure.

Just while you're here. Um, okay. so so other than okay this I think we're I think we're gonna go we have a lot lot that we have to pump out. Oh, I don't know if you guys want an update but Brazilian shipping or printing thus far I haven't gotten anything else back I put in five. requests for Quotes, but I got one back which was a whopping $30,000.

Okay talking about 4,000 bucks. I just want to share with but I'll have somebody to recommend her now not for not for printing now, but I I got some recommendations from the gal. That's that it is doing the trans translation. And that was the company that said 30,000. I was like that is okay the follow have a recommendation or no?

No, I said no. Okay, he just said I don't have anybody already didn't reply to you. He said he didn't have anybody for printing. Let me text my missionary buddy. Holly go let me go back now.

I am making me second guess. Okay, so Yeah, I have a hard stop and I I asked them. I'm gonna I'm gonna ask him again. Okay here but I can see in the textile. Good.

Okay, so um So what I want to do is I've got a design postcard. It's okay. So this is the current plan. which is a start outbound which This has to start next next week fine, but certainly the people who said yes, we want to follow up with a start calling Texas ASAP. We wanted the same outbound campaign, but differently to people and to say hey, did you get Todd's package?

Right Todd Central again. Say that one more time. Sorry. Right to call tax Facebook messages people tots sent you a special FedEx. Did you get it?

We didn't hear back from you want to make sure you received it. And then if they did receive it, then the conversation needs to go towards. Okay, great. Awesome, you know want to get yours. He works something, you know clouds excited to have part of this historic event that I didn't get it.

Oh my gosh, let me in. What's a good address for you? Let's address you have on file. Can you check your mail? Let me send another one to you.

Whatever it is that it needs to be right. All right. Now there's a postcard that needs to go out. I'll Design This postcard now. I want to send a postcard out Chris so funny, I threw this out the other day and I was actually um, I need somebody to take I know you're traveling.

She's probably don't have it a picture of the FedEx and the Hope like partially open with like the things sticking out of it. So that I can say did you get this package? Gotcha. Yeah, I would say you mean you have it. Do you still I don't have any more literally just throw it out the other day.

Okay, just so so somebody internally will have to have I literally it just needs to be a FedEx envelope like a little black thing sticking out on the side. That's all I would take a picture of in a handle. Okay, I I don't have it. I I now hearing this I'm gonna have to I should probably reprint on a batch of these for us to be able to do this so well, no, I mean, I don't know how many packages are gonna be lost. But if people didn't get the package we need to be able to resend it.

But I need a package you need to we could put we could have blender systems on this. All I need is a picture of a FedEx envelope. With a piece of black paper or black envelope sticking out of it like mysterious like what's inside with a tour open and a hand holding it in a selfie picture and a nondescript background. That's it. So I can say and you know and not a lady hand Glenda.

Um, so I could say did you get this package? Well, not a lady hand, which means that would have to be Todd Teddy you or myself. I don't have anything you don't have the population or not. Lady Hands Chris. Why are you complicated this?

Well, I think I think your complicating it right now because I mean again but has one that has men in our house. She has male hands in her house. Okay, but so you're saying a fat it has to be a FedEx envelope not enough FedEx on the point is we sent them a FedEx. Okay, so so now we have FedEx envelope black. I can have a black people sticking out but I don't think you have a FedEx envelope on hand.

I would have to go look for one. Yeah, they have yeah, whatever whatever needs to be done. If the house get picked up free from the they're free at the post office. You can pick up a FedEx envelope or whatever. Um, okay, but yeah, I am so if you can I think right now when you're gonna be our best shot for for this obviously if you guys will tell it's just so complicated that I need to literally go good things for my heart what we're just thinking through it.

That's all Logistics and another variable which was Guy hand and that's why I was saying, you know again, but I think but are you good with that? I mean I look for a FedEx envelope sure. Okay, um, then there'll be an email that'll go out. I want to send another letter out in mid April. That'll basically just be a black and white letter.

Same thing want to FedEx. It won't be a packages be a black and white letter from Todd. And we could one in one week one week. Spell that out again. So one week email of the same.

When is that is at? Yeah, so let's just say March. 2020 yeah and email the same. So email the same as a postcard, correct? Yeah, same idea, right like did you get the package?

Okay, but you put your name on that because I think your spearheading that. Yeah, I'll send over the copy. I'll write that and all that, okay? Okay. All right.

I'll write those emails and then we'll do an RSVP postcard towards the end with some sort of a final notice letter. Okay in May. Okay, maybe let's do it in June. So we'll do what we'll do a couple RSVP but postcards a May and then we'll do a final notice postcard in June. Okay?

Is that too late? Should we get should we get more time for these procrastinators? I mean, I don't know if there's gonna be I mean realistically they're at that point August part, wait, what is the date of the event? October October I know seven tenth something like that. 17 years I mean every enough time on student fly out the room.

They won't they probably won't have room block. Are the baby and you're by just taking over buyer Drive? Okay. Yeah, I'm good with that. I know I covered a lot but this is all recorded.

So are we good? Yeah. Yeah, I just have to personal that's which is which is actually good this. You're looking at this project and how many different p70 point on Jaden out on and it's gonna help with Jay shell. So I think it's honestly it's always helps address.

The first problem so cool. I'm good Damian real quick because I'm gonna go look for a FedEx thing you want you want a selfie taking like this, but without the facial and literally just a picture of a hand. Oh, like, you know them not not in the kitchen not in front like dirty laundry just in front of a wall or fireplace or even outside. Or even out on your front porch, right right front porches, actually perfect because that's where male comes right just holding the thing torn open little black mysterious things sticking out the side just picture right like that. Like it could be like literally right front door mat and in front of holding them.

Hey, dude, I sent you something. Did you get it right thought sent you a FedEx package. Did you get it? Okay fish. the beach Perfect.

All right. Yeah, I I think we're good. We just have a lot a lot of things a lot of pieces a lot of projects. So we've got to get moving. Yeah, yeah.

I'm ready to go. It's one that as far as us chatting. Are you going to chat? I'm gonna a little bit. I'm gonna call.

I'm actually gonna jump on a call with reunion now, but I'll let you know. Okay, I want to ask her right away about the room block. So, yeah, but again, just give me like a rough number of how many I should increase it by because usually we do 25 for top one. And then we have an 80% attrition rate. So but it's it's usually 25 for three nights, correct?

Correct. So what's 75 nights, right? This is important. Right? So it's 75 nights with a how much 20% nutrition, correct?

Yeah, so we're talking about adding I would I mean I would probably add. One night, right because I really only technically need one night, right? I would add one night and have well, is it really one night? They're gonna fly in the night before a lot. If you fly in the day before you there are two o'clock you check into your hotel you sleep there the next morning you come over to the event and you go home that night.

I don't know if everybody's Gonna Fly, you know fly home that night. I think we're getting a lot of folks that want we want to probably, you know, hang out with some folks after the event ends. They're already in Orlando. Is the event like nine to five as well? I we haven't set the schedule.

Yeah, Hey listen, I'm gonna take this call. Yeah tell me two days or two nights.
