---
title: "Level 10 2023-10-09 15:29:16"
date: 2023-10-09
duration: 22m
duration_seconds: 1320
vimeo_id: 872619138
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-10-09 15:29:16

**Date:** 2023-10-09 | **Duration:** 22m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, Glenda? Hey. Hey. How you doing Dame? Super fantastic.

How are you Doing? Good, thank you. You getting ready? It's almost go time for another epic top one. I know, I know.

I'm getting ready, getting in the zone. Cool. Cool, cool. So we're waiting for Chris and Tji, so, uh, we'll talk more in probably post. So we have copy legends promo happening, as you know, through the first, I think week or 2nd of November.

Yeah. Uh, but we'll talk more about that. But just to kind of drop a seat. Good morning, Teddy Morning. Uh, wow, your camera looks so clear, buddy.

Yeah. New, new, new iMac. Noticed it right away, buddy. Wow. Right away.

Glenda looks like she's calling us from the past. She's on like a flip phone. Oops. I got Is this like an a o l video chat app you're using? Yolinda?

No, it's just my, my MacBook Air video. Okay. I got a clean, I'll be A little smudgy. Yeah. Let me, How are you Teddy?

I'm doing pretty good. Good. Um, so, uh, I was just saying to Glenda that, uh, just to start to share a little bit of vision that after, you know, obviously we have copy legends is our, is our, is our, a big push. That's where we're really hoping to, to make our year in that promo. Todd's bullish on it, he's heads down, uh, working, preparing for that.

And then really, uh, Todd wants to start getting a lot more involved in M F A, uh, starting in November and specifically to really focus on, on just positioning us for top one in everything we do. And so I don't know exactly what that looks like yet, but he's just like, yeah, he is like, in order to do this right, he's around here. So check this out. Sorry. Oh, there he is.

Um, you know, he, you know, which I agree with completely, he was like, you know, to really do that well, he's like, I need to be in front of the market again. I have to really make a name for myself again. He is like, I've, you know, I've kind of fallen off the radar and I've allowed that to happen. He's like, so I really have to put a flag in the ground. I really have to, you know, think about how we position ourselves.

Um, and so that'll definitely change some of the stuff we do in terms of, you know, he was like, you know, for, you know, giving more content to the list and nurturing the list and not just keep on giving them, you know, little offers here and there to monetize 'em. But the long and the short is, uh, excited to say two things. Number one is that top one's gonna become a, a, a primary focus of the business starting in November. And number two is that, uh, Todd's gonna, Todd's gonna be back the return of tv. And so, really excited.

Hold on a second. I gotta blow my, you know, uh, top one obviously has been the thing that has been the, the most profitable thing for the business. It's a thing, uh, other than E five. It's a thing that we've put our flag in for over five years now. It's, we love it.

Uh, we've impacted a lot of people in really, really meaningful ways. And so, yeah, so excited for that and to talk about what that looks like and what, uh, what we can really do because, you know, we have something great. People love it. But, uh, you know, we have probably 27 open seats on the plane and so, yeah, so excited about that. So nothing, nothing specific other than I was sharing specifically with you, Glen, and then everybody joined on.

Just kind of let you know where, where our mind is and where we're heading, uh, in terms of top one. So, uh, and I think Todd, you know, with that, Todd said he felt like he really is like, you know, I really wanna rethink the de even the deliverables on the program and really think about like, okay, how do we really get them the best result? How he's like, 'cause even from a marketing side, he is like, right now, it's kinda like, okay, you know, good people with a lot of general help. He's like, you know, what specific problem are we solving? How are we solving it in a unique way?

And really, so we'll probably even look at, and it's great 'cause it's the end of the year, which is always a great time to kind of reboot a little bit and really think about like, what are the deliverables? What do people need? What do we really, how do we really help them so that they're not just like, man, we love you guys. You're so encouraging and you're so smart, but they're in the same place for two or three years straight, you know? And so that'll be a Yeah.

I mean, the, the only thing I would say too, to think about, uh, along those lines is, uh, you know, and, and I don't, I don't think it, it's not e it's not e five coaching, but it's something, something else. But we need, we need a feeder mastermind for top one. Yeah. So, so that's, that's where, you know, where we're initially leaning towards is doing. And this, you know, I I really, this is, you know, part of a, a, a revelation Todd and I had, uh, is that, you know, we both do better when we support each other, but we're not trying to dance together.

And so I'm just gonna, like, he's gonna, like, we, we're strategically moving. He's gonna come in and take the ball. Um, current thinking is to do preview events since really, at least in my estimation of the market, you sell high ticket with either a sales floor or live in person, and we're not going back to a sales floor. And so I think that if we can get them live in person, and so there's tentatively a plan to do that in Puerto Rico, um, to add a day on. And actually Todd asked me if I could do like a one day debrief of how I turned Jim Baker's top line into his bottom line in nine months and kind of go through everything.

Like from, this is how we redid his financials, this is how we re-looked at his team. This is how we instituted a marketing calendar. This is how we scaled this front end. This is what we did at this event. Like, literally just break the whole, he's like, I think that would be really powerful.

And so I think that's probably the direction he is still leading, but a hundred percent, yeah, there needs to be, I don't think we want to create another program, but the whole idea is there needs to be something that gives people the chance. And I think getting them in person, like Chris has always said, you know, we shine in person. And so what does that look like to get them in person and get the right people in per people pers uh, in person and see what it looks like. Yeah. Because I, I mean, 'cause that's, you know, like, like I just witnessed Russell do it so masterfully at, at F H L, you know, and it was, and so both he, he's doing it belcher's doing it, same kind of offer, like they're all, we're gonna get you to your first million.

Like, that's, that's the promise, right? Right. And what's interesting is like Belcher's doing it for 2 97 a month, Russell's doing it for 2,500 a month. Right, right. Yeah.

Yeah. And I, and, and I don't think that that's, that's, you know, I think we wanna stick with the top one positioning. I don't think we want to go to that newbie ish. That's not where we enjoy working. And I think that at this point, the curse of knowledge between everybody we work with is so strong.

I think that we don't necessarily understand how to help those people as well. We're just like, dude, what is your problem? Like, just stop. You know, like I, um, you know, but the guys that are doing, you know, the, the Pete Zuli of the world, the Lucas and Jim's, very easy to add tremendous value, uh, and dollars to their business, you know? And so good morning, Chris.

Morning. Um, so with that, uh, so we have, uh, I saw we have, we have I think 430 last I checked on the early notification list was just fantastic. Uh, one, when is our first card? When is card open? Officially Noon.

20 minutes. 20 minutes. Very exciting. So, uh, two things. So first of all, uh, Todd let me know, I'm, I've been updating him on stuff.

He's like, I might need to come in and do a hangout or some other stuff to help move the needle to make sure we get there. He is like, but let's see how the initial response is. So, uh, so if Chris and Teddy just ping Todd as we give updates, but let's, let's treat this like a launch. I know this isn't copy legends, but it's still, you know, it's still a launch. We want to do, you know, 40 grand, we wanna sell these units out.

And so give regular updates, conversion updates, sales updates, and make sure to slack to, uh, include Todd pinging them in the messages so that he can see what's happening and, uh, make a judgment about, Hey, I think I should hop in. I think we're, or I think we're on track, or I think we're off track and we need more of a push. Uh, and what's really important, Chris, uh, and Teddy as you look through the assets, is to really emphasize, we sold this out a year ago. We have not printed a single thing in a year. We only did 35 copies, and we have no plans and may not do it again for another year, or we may not do it again.

Period. So once these 35 are gone, it's gone. Right? Um, it's, so it's really important to push the, both, the scarcity, uh, the scarcity and that, like, again, it's the truth, right? We, the last time we ordered these, it was a year ago, completely sold out, have not, have not gone to the printer, have not done a publication run of these.

Um, we did one limited, extremely limited run. And once it's gone, it's gone. Now the, uh, how, um, so obviously everybody that opted into the wait list will get access at noon, but I, do you want me to put the rest of the list through the same conversion campaign an hour later, or, Um, let, why don't we see how the first two hours go? Like, let's see if we actually get that launch spike where, you know, again, I don't expect to sell 20 in two hours, but let's see, do we sell 10? Okay.

You know, if we sell 10, I would treat it a lot differently than if we sell two. So let's just, let's just plan at two o'clock to get an update, and then I'll loop Todd in and, and kind of bring him into the cockpit as well. Okay. Um, any questions, concerns on all that, Chris? Um, y yeah, well, not, I, I guess question, uh, so what, what are we planning?

Obviously we're doing a decade plus for, for right now, for Monday, Tuesday, potentially, depending on how it goes, Todd steps in. Um, do we have any te what are our tentative plans for, let's just say we sell out to today, right? While we launching anything this week? Um, I mean, look, if we, if we run into the blessed situation where we blow it out, I might say, Hey, maybe we'll run a micro bullet at the end of the week. Okay.

Um, did we, we didn't, we never queued up that other micro bullet, did we? Um, no. You mean, oh no, no, we haven't. Yeah, so we have an extra micro bullet. I would, I would, I would shoot out just to pick up the extra three, four, 5,000 bucks.

It's not an extra, we've ran all the micro bullets, if that's what you're asking. So all, all the micro No, no, No, no. There was a, there was a micro bullet. I don't think we ran. No, we've, we've run every one.

Uh, the, the last one I did did really well. Hold on. Oh, hold on. God, boy. Hold on.

So when we were gonna run the, we did the overselling again, We haven't done it again. No. We've run every micro Yeah, that, so that's, that's the point. If you look at the calendar, Chris, we were gonna run the bullet workshop with overselling, but we didn't end up, we didn't end up running the bullet workshop either, right? Uh, no.

Yeah, so, so basically if we have a little gap, we can run either one of these Okay. Based on the fact that I think let's fill It out. What's that? I said, so we'll just feel it out and see how it does. Yep.

Let's just, let's feel it out and see how it does. Maybe again, maybe we will, maybe we will open the cart. Maybe we'll run like two or three click emails. So the whole list and then the non clickers, right? We'll use that as a hot list and then we'll do the micro bullet to the non clickers, you know what I'm saying?

Yeah. Um, and we'll kind of, uh, kind of go from there. Any other questions? Teddy, you good? I think I'm good.

Uh, so Glenda, for next week, I'm working on, uh, I'll ask my buddy Adam again, if he has Turkey access, if he does this, this has now shifted to turkeys Teddy. Um, you're gonna have to coordinate, uh, he can get the Turkey shipped down, which is fine. I don't mind paying the extra for the shipping to get a good Turkey and not have to be running around finding turkeys. But you are gonna have to make sure you coordinate the thawing of it, because when I get there on Monday, I'd like it to be almost fully thawed so that I could start b brining. Okay.

Um, did he say when he would be able to ship it? Should he just ship it to me? Yeah, he is gonna need to ship it to you. Okay. 'cause I was gonna say straight to reunion, but if you need it thought out by Monday, Yeah.

But again, I don't, I don't wanna get involved with that. I just wanna tell you the end result I need, and then you can figure it out with him and yourself. So I, It's a, it takes a lot of time to thaw to without putting it on the counter, which they say you're not Supposed to. Yeah, I, I know it takes three or four days. Yeah.

So you kind of have to risk it with one or the other, which is if you want it in time, you're gonna Have, once you, once you bri, if you brine it though, that also accelerates the thawing process. So even if you're only halfway thawed, but you put it in brine, you're usually good if you're b brining for two days. Okay. Yeah. Just switch the thaw.

And are you gonna gimme his contact so we can Yes. I I, if you don't have it, I, I don't wanna bug him. Uh, he was away. So if you don't have it to me, from me by tomorrow morning, ping me and I'll ask him again. Okay.

Um, and then what we'll also do is I'm making up a, a whole food shopping list. I'll pro I'm just gonna order all from Whole Foods, have it shipped to the house. There's probably a handful of things I'm gonna need that are separate, like metal cooking trays and some other things like that. I'll let you know what I need. Okay.

Um, and we have two ovens, correct? Yes. And they're full size ovens? Yes. Okay.

All right, cool. And then, uh, yeah, and, uh, we have, so we have the same crew as usual, or, uh, I know Jay Shell's coming, or do you have anybody, uh, else or is that, is that same crew plus Jay? She, Same crew plus Jay. Shell, but Jay Shell's not gonna be there the whole time. She's gonna be there like two days because of the babies.

Okay. Oh, no, that's good. At least she gets exposed to the experience, she gets to see what it's like a little bit, which is super cool. Um, and then, uh, all right. Is everything else looking pretty good for the event?

Yeah, I mean, everything else is, all systems go all Who's, who's speaking or what's the, what's the, what are we talking about? We're talking about life. It's meaning Teddy And pursuit of happiness Probably does need to be at this point. Yeah. Where, where are, where our places in the cosmos, uh, Whether Or not we, we should become an interplanetary species.

Oh, That's really, that's really top of mind for me now since I've been reading, uh, Elon Musk's biography. So yeah, that's, that's what we're gonna be talking about. Teddy. Um, Todd will do, Todd will do three. Uh, presos, um, I'm gonna do a Preso.

Uh, Nate had asked me, Nate Kennedy had asked me about, uh, how we blew up Jim's event. So I'm gonna do a session on that. Uh, I offered for Rich to stay for the whole experience, so Rich is gonna be there. Uh, rich will do a session, um, and then Moray is gonna do something. And so nothing, nothing weird or odd, just good content, good conversations, and focus on serving the clients.

Um, and we'll, you know, and again, we're gonna try to have a little bit of a holiday theme with everything happening. And so yeah. Anything else from anybody? No. All right.

Uh, Chris, I'll hold you for, you can hang on for two minutes. Yeah. Glenda and Teddy, uh, I'll see you on the field. Good job. Teddy.

Working with Chris and getting, uh, 400 plus on the early waiting list. I think that's pretty solid. Do you know how many we had last time when we sold out what the numbers were last time? Teddy? Uh, yeah, it was in the thousands.

'cause we had partners promoting. Right. But it was, but we also sold whatever, like 200 units, right? Do Yeah. I'm just interested if you could slack me, but, but it converted At like, I don't know, 3% for Really?

Yeah. 3%. Yeah, that's what I'm asking. All right. So three percent's the number to beat.

So right now we're gonna sell 12 units if we have the same conversion rate, but hopefully we're gonna do a whole lot better than that. Gotcha. I mean, that's, that, that's good to know that, right? Because that means the campaign, the emails, everything that was drawing, that was drawing people in was converting at 3%. So if we beat that, that means a new arrangement, how we set it up.

Um, you know. Yeah. Yeah. So I think it, with that being said, unless it's like a miracle or timing, whatever it is, we probably will need to plan on having Todd jump in to push in, push those extra units in. Right.

Uh, all right. So before you go, uh, Glenda, if you could help Jayden, uh, I'm having Jayden put together a page and there was a presentation I gave, remember when I gave her presentation? I wanna say it was October a year ago when I did the presentation on how to read financial statements and financial optics in the business. I feel like it was the last World Marriott event that I did that at. Okay.

The very last one we ever did. 'cause I remember I was in the room where I was like, I hate this room, and I, I don't wanna be Oh, so That would've been June. Yeah. So she needs a recording of my session. Can you please get that to her after this call?

Okay. Um, because I have her putting together, uh, a page for me. Okay. All right. Thank you very much.

Chris. You can stay on buddy. Yeah. Hey, real quick, Damien, I had a question, uh, for Rich's session. Are we gonna keep him on day two then?

Because now that you're, I have you going on day one for your individual session, and then, um, you were gonna do a, a q and A with Todd. That's fine. On day two. So Rich is gonna stay on day two, right? Yeah, let's leave him there.

That's fine. Okay. All right. Bye y'all. Ya.

Okay. See you later. What's up buddy? You wanna kill the recording? Uh, I think it's on your end.

Yeah, it is on your end. No, it says please ask Host to give you permission to record. Oh, Glenda, I'll just slack you. Don't worry. I'll slack you separately.

Sure. Okay.
