---
title: "Level 10 2022-06-13 15:58:04"
date: 2022-06-13
duration: 42m
duration_seconds: 2576
vimeo_id: 719941572
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2022-06-13 15:58:04

**Date:** 2022-06-13 | **Duration:** 42m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

We love the double monitor. Yeah. Brown in the house Oh Daddy happening What's up, guys? I was curious brother life changing. crazy, unbelievable, man Yeah, it's stunning and crazy and nuts and I'll fill you in when we're in Orlando, man.

So, Kansas and and Close they're they're right on par with each other. Yeah both have great food, right? Slightly different views. Yeah and Landscapes Kansas was Kansas have to do with it. I have no idea.

Okay something. All right. So Glenda is let me know. She's running a couple minutes behind she's getting out of a meeting. Um, and so we're just gonna get started.

I asked Todd the hopping because I figured everybody missed him. That's why I came here to massage and make sure he's okay, but excited to catch up really there's there's two things. I want to cover while we're here is you know, I know we're working on a number of things. I let Todd know about the your idea Chris, which we're not you know, which we're gonna put out we'll kind of get to that later. But Todd was definitely excited about that.

And yes, I know Teddy I told Todd as I was explaining Teddy would probably be there saying I've told you we should charge forever for consultations. So on Julie recognize that you would say that but I want to start with really two key things. Anything that obviously is pressing obviously we have top one coming up which will couple of Glenda the first thing, you know want to talk about the infocast want to kind of walk Todd through the pages the setup and all that other stuff. I'll pop the link in for everybody for the emails that I wrote and then I want to talk just a little bit about our month and kind of some of the stuff happening this month where we're at where we need to be at how to you know, we want to make sure that we consistently we're coming off a phenomenal month of net profit last month and we want to make sure we don't do this up down up down. We want to try to really study the ship and that's gonna be a little challenging this month and so definitely want to talk about that ASAP.

So those are the three things and then top one. Is anybody have anything pressing that they feel they need to talk about? All right. So Teddy Would You Walk us through the infocast show Todd the pages we set up and all that jazz. You're like I guess so down and dirty model after the I guess it's a the Agora one.

Whatever that crypto podcast is. Is order form two? Whoa, what the hell happened there? Heck yeah, dude, this is our new design looks mobile friendly. Yeah, right.

Okay, I don't know what the hell's going on here. So let's see CSS isn't loading right but anyways, pretty straightforward headline video button. Friends it on this page and the order form which I guess you. So again, this was also a modeled exactly after the layout from that crypto offer the form we need to update what you get and the bonuses. Yeah headline also needs to be tweet and be able to outspend my competition, but that's a small thing.

I I was very adamant with Chris that I hate this image, but I'll let you guys run with it. Why the hatred at Teddy because it looks like the book. It doesn't look like a course not this isn't that this doesn't matter what I don't want to look like a course well, but right that's why we even switched the logo from E5 Camp to E5 method it I wanted to look like if anything different and non-course like because it's about installing something in your business. It's not about learning and watching more stuff. So do you think that that meets the the image that you're looking for that that looks like stuff that you would install?

I don't know what stuff would look like that what I would install but my point is to Teddy's criticism as I don't think that for at least what I was going for. I don't think it it has never yeah, um, and so I think that we could do better. I'm not sure what that is, but I think that we can do do better because I think that that leans in favor of an info it leans towards the info. Course, but it doesn't look impressive as an info course. And so I think that I need to kind of think about what could we show that would I mean we could certainly use an image.

What if we use a I'll come up with something. Okay, right, like even especially like even the image of me right it conveys that you're gonna watch videos. You're gonna be learning there's teaching going on. And so I think that we can do better. And so let me let me ask you this.

And so go back to the other page for one second Teddy the video page. So the only thing that and this we we should discuss very quickly. The only thing that I think uh is is missing is Is the the really the marketing or or sales message for the program? So right at the end of it's not like on the it's not like at the end of the podcast or the the interview whatever you we we gave a breakdown of the offer. Like we didn't do a stack we didn't do anything like that.

So so there's no way like really how do they know outside of what's listed on the order form? How do they know what they're getting and what it's gonna do for them. So that's how they did it on the other. You know now granted. Maybe they did more of a stack.

Yeah. I was gonna say, I don't know if at the end of theirs if they did a full-blown like this is what you get. This is what it'll do for you. Yeah, and so we're missing that. Yeah.

So obviously we have that all done from the bazillion times. We sold Camp. It's just deciding what we want there. Yeah, if and we want it on this page or we want it on the order form page. so that's a good question.

I mean I'm down. I mean look, I don't think any everything that we say right now is gonna be just opinion and speculation. And so I I don't know if it makes it if it's gonna make a huge difference of weather. We have it appear under here timed or if we have it at the top of the order form, you know, so that the the marketing and sales messages at the top of the order form, but it needs to be somewhere. Well, it does it does make a difference though because then it goes back to what we've talked about several times which will be people click into the order form to see what they're getting true.

And so it really in my mind. It really should be under the video here based on time watching the video. Okay, and so right and then when they click the button, they click the button really the call to action really in my mind should be, you know, get you know, install the E5. Yes. I want to install the E5 method or whatever whatever but they need we need to have We need to have a marketing in sales message.

Because we don't do that in the in the video, right? And so why don't we pull up one or two pages and tell Teddy what you want to use? Um, so let me just think for one second. I so probably what we can do is rather than do that now because I think that'll be a waste of time because I think we have I I think Chris Cole has there's a version of Chris Cole's page that I think we could potentially use a section or multiple sections from his page. I'm not sure what the funnel is but Teddy I'll take a look later and then I'll let you know.

I know we're just okay. Called it. I know which page you're talking about. Yeah, so you don't even have to pull it up right now. I'll make sure that I because I I think I was looking at it prior to to Greece and and so we can pull that in.

Like the section or whatever it is. So do you guys have the Podcast recorded already. Yeah, I have it. Okay to upload it and then embed it in the page. Got it.

Now, I mean, let me let me ask you this. So the other option while Teddy's is doing the other option certainly is um Is we can record? A portion which would really be just you. saying you know like Hey, so you just checked out this interview a lot of interest in the let me tell you everything that you get with this blah blah, and then you can do like the offer presentation. You have a slide.

I'm sure we do have slides for that. Like I'm sure I mean that's very easy for me to do that. Either one is fine, whatever whatever you think there's a marketing call whatever your gut tells you is gonna give us the best first one of the bat. Yeah, I would say let's let's see if we could pull in Chris's section. Okay first I'll find it after this.

Okay? Yeah, not a big deal. Um, okay. And so what else Damien with that? Um, so if you could pull out that link that I shared with you teddy.

please Since slacker see, yep, I saw the teacher. the my drive Yes. It's gonna go to my drive not your drive. What we sending them? Here, I'll send it one more time today.

What is the emails? Yeah, you don't need to right we can pop those into and then I'll go in. Alright, so yeah, so so long the short is there's four emails that I wrote that are new original that you could look at and then there's two emails that Teddy did some reconna kind of looked at old times you did promotions that might be between a little bit. So you have six emails to choose from okay and refreshment light is terrible man there look like a leprosy my face, right? No, this is right.

No, it's just the camera if you move in closer to the Maybe it is the lighting you look fine to me. Die, um, what was I gonna say? Refresh my memory. This is what what did we say? This is these are emails for houseless people that go and watch the and don't buy and don't buy and so to keep things real simple.

This is let's say we do anybody that clicks on the link to go over to the podcast, right? This is the the email series that's going to be triggered. And so Teddy any questions about that No, not for the not a visit to follow-up sequence. The question is, where's the it's in the invite sequences just broadcasts or yeah, so we're gonna test it right like so first we're just gonna test it as a broadcast, you know, um, you know, send a couple hundred people there and see what happens. So we're not looking to write like as always I just want to send a couple hundred people there and see if anybody buys how many people buy see what see what happens and so before we unleash the the house if you unleash the house and so do you want this sequence to trigger based on them clicking that invite email or based on them watching the video to a certain point?

Based on how you wrote them. Do you have a preference? Let's keep it real simple. And let's just do based on click. Okay?

So maybe like yeah, maybe like the first email on a six hour delay. And then everything 24 hours based on optimal opening time. So that's positioning it in oppositioning it as a timed event. They can click the email and go watch it whenever yeah, like we're positioning it we're gonna try to keep the positioning pure like, you know, it's a it's a like a podcast episode kind of thing. Um, and so when you set it up Teddy in infusion soft, just let me know what the tag is that triggers the start of the follow-up sequence so that I use that tag in the broadcast emails we offers infocast invite clicked, but yes, okay.

All right, okay. Okay, and so once they're in infusion soft, then I'll go in there and I'll just do any kind of cleanup any kind of so legitimately. Do you think we can get this out by tomorrow? Um I don't know because I still want to focus on my presentations for top one. And so it depends and I think I have a meeting at four.

It depends depends on things go. Okay. All right. Are you guys good with all that? And so I'm not I'm not I'm not attending the dinner tomorrow night.

No, no, okay. So then maybe able to please that? Yeah. Okay. What about what about gaming you had said the way on the pricing for?

Yeah, what do you want to do on the pricing on that? Did you want to come up with a slightly different pricing for the podcast? Even if it's different payment plan like a start for you know, whatever. I know we have our six page 39 why? I don't know no.

Sleeve it. Yeah, either six pay three nine three. Yeah, like let's say again for the first iteration. Like let's send the first. Yeah, let's send a couple hundred people.

See what happens. Okay you want do you want the default to the painful or the pay plan? Paid in full, okay. So 1997 and 63. Yep.

Yes. Okay. Okay, we good. All right, so Waiting on Glenda which if she doesn't come if she's a little bit late, it's not a big deal. I want to go over the Consulting offer.

Yeah. Um, so Chris where are we out on the Consulting offer Chris, Teddy? I mean pages and order form are done. I think it was the same thing. We needed needed an invite email and follow up emails in place.

I think it's just the invite copy. Can you post those pages for Todd so he can watch the video and see the page. You can just pop them in slack for me, Teddy. Yeah, the URLs I would say again that on the invite emails. Let's just let's broadcast it like to start again.

You just want to send a couple hundred people and see what happens. Um, and so right like because if we send one email and hypothetically, we got a couple hundred people and nobody buys then right saves us from right we're gonna need to figure out what are we missing? Yeah, the only thing I would say is I'm I was still a little I was a little careful. I didn't really commit to a name of it in the video. Okay.

I didn't know if copy critique is best copy grading messaging critique marketing assessment marketing grade, you know, it's kind of thrown around those words. I left it as copy critique. Yeah, and so I wouldn't have it as copy critique. I'm not sure what this is where like, you know, what first of all what is available out there already what isn't available out there. What do people what do people wish they could get from us like from our type.

And then what could we call that's in alignment with what's actually going to happen. Right? And so I think that we can we can we should think through it a little bit because I don't think copy critique. You know, I don't think that that does a Justice right and so tell me a little bit but you know, just so you know my thinking on it and maybe I'm wrong, you know, the market better than I do is that it's something I haven't I haven't heard or seen anybody who's like dude. I'm gonna have somebody actually look at your coffee identify what's missing what's there?

But we you know, so you know why it's working or if it's working how to make it work better. Yeah. I haven't seen anybody off. So that's why I was just like say what it is. Yeah.

Yeah. No. No, I get it. But you know, I totally get it right. I totally I totally get it.

I I would also if anything I would use message. Right rather than copy just to not but and so Teddy, I'm curious. Do you have any thoughts on what you think it should be called or a direction in your mind? Yeah, I mean the only thing you know just got to make sure that it doesn't. feel like it's just another way to get them on on a sales call like it's got a Like it's more about stressing the that there is an actual deliverable.

Yeah. Yeah. See, let me jump in for one second. So right and this is And again, you know oftentimes I think I have the greatest marketing ideas and they end up being extremely convoluted and so but where I would go right the direction that I would go is right, so I would name it something that sounds very different from everything else. Right?

And then I would actually give a breakdown of what we're gonna do. And and the the impact that it can have on the message to write to to eliminate the possibility of them thinking. Oh, this is just a sales call. Right? And so to me the absence of detail about the call is what could lead somebody to say.

This is kind of a play to get me on the phone with them. But if somebody said right we're gonna use like we name it. Whatever the message blah, we're gonna use we have a five point blah blah that we're gonna go through now, here's what's gonna happen. Number one. We're gonna like that in the pitch.

Okay. Watch the Pitch. Okay. All right, okay, but even just and also just like just justifying like why they need to get on the phone at the end to get the result. You know, just like look we know you're gonna have some questions we want to make sure you know, so instead of just recording a video recap of the deep analysis that we've done like we'll hop on the phone together.

that way I can answer all your questions and you know, we can something around that I think helps justify the fact that it's not just a sales call you I need to get you on the phone because I know you're gonna have questions. Every Frozen yes. With my Brilliance. Yeah, I'm like why? Yeah, it's a nice tea monster.

Funhouse, dude No, no. Yeah good thing we did. I mean, you know, it's funny all economists while we're never gonna go down and then we're like, all right, we're done. We're not doing anymore. And then we started hearing articles.

Like actually there's a chance to go down limited chance and now it's like fast forward to like last week like, oh, yeah. It's gonna crash. I told you. All right, if I wait I think if I wait if in a perfect world if I can wait two years will probably gonna steal. Your mic shot again better now.

Yeah. Yeah, if I can hey guys, hey everyone. I'm not supposed to be in this. I thought we were having the level 10. We are we just lost on Damian.

No, they they crashed or understand by Teddy's and my Brilliance floor guy left speechless. Now all I take the Damian that I was at an appointment and it extended so I told him I jump on my phone while I'm driving back home. Um, but I didn't hear anything else as far as like, oh, yeah. We're not meeting or something though. No, it looks like that a power search something back in that.

power series Florida for you so Teddy are you going to Oh. my start an agenda. We got a schedule yet, Glenda's or anything going on tomorrow. black No, not support. I can post it in the support Channel as well.

I posted the agenda. For the three for Wednesday Thursday Friday in the top one slot. As far as tomorrow, you know, tomorrow's over the chill day. I believe that you guys are gonna meet for dinner in the evening, but I have double check with Damian. See who's All in all meeting tomorrow night.

But yeah, Tuesday will be a chill day you guys just arrive and get settled and then we start Wednesday morning. Are you excited for graduation tomorrow? I forgot about that. I'm I'll be I'll be more excited if he shows up really you don't think. You want to go?

Oh, he's not. He's been having some like stomach issues and and stuff for a while. Now. It's like the mornings the kind of really bad for him. So but yeah, I had a good good heart to heart with him this weekend and Told him to suck it up.

Sorry guys, we lost power and so we're back. I I thought it was my Brilliance that just wowed you and Mike dropped. I thought so too and then I was like, nope. It's the power. Um, so where where were we what you're gonna say I was saying was just making you know that.

Justifying the reason for for the call as much as possible, which is that, you know, you're gonna have questions we want this to be a dialogue like like the reason you got to get on the call to get your results is because of that not because it's a sales call and we'll tell you let me ask you a question you when you watch the Pitch that I did. Did you feel like oh, this is a ploy to get me on our call or did you feel like it was a genuine value to the client? No, I have to go back and rewatch it again. I mean I felt your authenticity, you know throughout throughout the whole thing and I think because it's for students particularly, I don't think they'll view it that way. Okay, just don't remember how much have a look at it?

Okay, again, let's just him just like the swipe out. Let's keep it simple. And yeah. Okay, anything else you need with that? Nope?

All right, Glenda. Can you just give us a quick update on top one last minute stuff anything? Everybody should know about. so you were asking me about the webinar with Joel that's gonna be Thursday afternoon during the free time. So we're gonna do one cake.

Can you please communicate that to him? Yes. Yes, like I'm actually coordinating with him. So he's he'll be fine as far as anything recent Jason O'Neill just reached out to me about an hour ago saying that he's not attending. He's not going to be joining us after all.

Okay bummer. Yeah, did he say why? He did not and I was at an appointment so I didn't get a chance to chat with him, but I was planning on doing that. Now that I'm home. So I'm gonna follow up with him.

Maybe anything I can do. Yeah. Yeah well. I don't know it just he just threw me off because he just messaged me randomly like that and said hey, I'm actually not gonna be able to go this week to Orlando. And that was it.

So, okay. Yeah, um, let's see. And you guys have your dinner scheduled for tomorrow night at 8:30? As far as anything else that I can think of that's last minute or a change nothing else. So you guys have any questions for me I do so can who's gonna be in attendance?

As far as top one member special guests or everyone everyone. Um, I can send you the screenshot. I'm just getting in the house right now. So I have no good. If you can send me that on slack, that would be great.

Yeah. Yeah, I'll send it to you also sent Todd the finalized schedule so he knows as well, please. Yep. Thank you. You got it.

So that everybody knows I I don't know if I mentioned it to everybody or just you but so Once a year, there is the financial marketing Summit, which is the most popular Gathering of of marketers copywriters and Publishers in the financial space. You'll love this Teddy. It's once a year. It happens to be the same exact time of top one in our hotel. It and so yeah, so it'll be a great opportunity for you know, like Teddy if you want I'll make some intros for you to some big big the really the biggest players in the space.

There's gonna be representation from their from those companies there. I know that Banyan Lindsey's most of her team is gonna be there and so it'll be it's just a great opportunity for our folks that are in the financial space. Um, and I'm sure the the bar scene Teddy is is gonna be I'm sure hopping sorry. Yeah, and so time to quickly pull off some some bathroom ads for top one or yeah, and so feel free to get an extra handful of drinks on a steady and make some good connections for for top. Yeah.

Just don't say anything Teddy. You're not supposed to say in the midst of your your drinking and and you know, lamin back the keyless, but if you need to buy And people drinks Go With It Teddy, but they're you know, we'll I had reached out to the um to the hosts. And and so I'm in communication with one of the hosts on Facebook. And so I'm sure we'll we'll coordinate something in some shape or form. And so yeah cool should be interesting.

How big how many people that I have out, you know? No, I don't think it's like a huge event like a funnel hacking thing, but I think they probably have maybe 200 something. That's so awesome. Not it. Yeah.

No. No, it's yeah, I mean they have like I think you know Porter stands very is gonna be there and they have you know, some phenomenal speakers like yeah, you know, they always do so Matt's friend Matt's not friend Matt's colleague from Grant is actually his name is Jared. I'm almost last name. Okay, he's speaking. So Jared grants right hand jar.

Okay. Yeah. So if there was any reason we want to meet with them talk with them. Is Rob Hoffman going Glenda? I don't yes.

He can get attendance. Yeah, so yeah great opportunity for him and P and Sean correct right the heat I already mentioned and so yeah, it'll be you know, it should be quite the quite the adventure and maybe you know, maybe I'll be able to work seeing if I could bring in the host in the top one for even 10 minutes to I don't know but we're definitely gonna figure out something. Yeah. So Glenda just be on guard if I pop in, you know, if I pop a surprise in your lap. Okay, I'm here for it.

Okay. All right all the way we definitely we have badges for all the top one people, right? Yeah, of course, just making sure. Yeah, we want we want them representing in in the lobby. We have three guests does everybody know your your special guest.

Yeah, because it was funny when you when when you announced your special guest and top one. I was like, I'm not even sure he's talking about. Um, but so you guys know Shawn Teddy. Do you know Rachel Peterson? Why do I know the name?

She's like a big, you know, she does stuff with Russell. Real real sweet real Down to Earth really nice. I met her we were both presenting for war room or whatever. It was in Utah wherever we were really really sweet. She's thrilled to be to be coming and um, and and then that lights not like to runs the marketing for Grant Cardone certainly.

Yeah, Katie, you know who he is. Yeah. I know he is there's a lights are leads. I was I think it's like lights pretty sure. That's why I just say Matt.

And so, all right, so anything else Glenda for us? And no nothing else right now. If anything pops up then I'll definitely slack you guys but just be you know on the lookout in slack because that's gonna be our ghost you for everything. So and we have the Event Channel the top one support event support Channel. That's just for us, you know for the employees.

So everyone keep an eye there because we also are not meeting in Hogs Landing this time around. We're in a different room. Yeah. No, we're in a different room. So I'm gonna be posting like location and pictures of it in that in that event support and also in top one just so everyone knows where to happen with Hawks Landing.

So they told me that from before that it was going to be. Already booked for this this time around for the summer because they're very busy in the summertime and they already had an event there planned. So they told me that there would be a possibility if anything changes that they can put us in Hogs, but the event is still going on so they weren't able to switch it but you know the room is gonna be perfect and then there's a room next door, which is where we're gonna be holding the case studies that's gonna be secure just for us and lots that way they can set up their equipment. So it's it's gonna be good. Okay, and who from the team is gonna be there?

So, it's you Damien myself Lizzie, Teddy Michael and Paul. Okay, and I told I told seven I'm gonna do is rather than just say hey Paula Michael around that could help you is we're gonna let them schedule 45 minute one-on-one if they want to Workshop their message with Michael or Paul, they'll be able to schedule say hey, we're asked a favor these guys. Okay, I could do like some one-on-one whether you want to Workshop your big idea. You need mechanism. You want copy?

Okay, sit down with you these you guys that, you know, people pay $10,000 to work with for a couple months. Okay, you're gonna get access to them. So we really need to at some point Glenda. I think that we should Wednesday morning Wednesday morning. Am I meeting with anyone?

No, you're meeting on Thursday morning and Friday morning with who again. So Thursday Thursday morning. It's Rob Hoffman. And excuse me Friday morning, it's Matt. Told me told me okay.

Yeah. Okay. Got it. Um What was I going to say? So Wednesday morning?

We probably should have everybody on our team meet at like 8, right we start at 9. Yeah should have everybody meet at eight because we want to do what we want to be able to speak to Michael and Paul make sure that we set the right frame for them about like right and is isn't Michael presenting. Yes. Yes. Michael is presenting on Wednesday morning after the Bible break.

And Paul is not Paul is too Paul is presenting on Thursday morning. Okay, so we want to talk to them about the making sure that they got their presentations now we want to make sure that we so we should meet eight o'clock all of us the team. Yeah, Wednesday morning. Okay. All right.

Yeah, I already had that on my you know plan and I was gonna let everyone know and top one event support because we want to do like the team huddle that way everyone knows what's going on and they have a clear directive for what's taking place each day and stuff. So, okay. And so Glenda on that scheduling thing, like let people schedule time with me if they want as well for for any Tech stuff. It's really make that available. Oh, let's make a big.

You know, let's make a big deal about the abilities for them to schedule time with Teddy the ability for them to schedule time with Michael like this is you know, it's a tremendous value add absolutely right like one on one private person. They got it doesn't need to be fancy just make sure you have a clipboard and spreadsheet or however, you're gonna handle it Londa and right make sure you have their phone number so that we could if they're not you know, so you could text me before again those little formalities. Hey heads up your private console with Michael is starting in 20 minutes. Make sure you meet in ballroom at you know, Okay. What are we doing for the networking on day one?

Is it just freeform or is it structured It's Gonna Know Mimosa had massages. nice No One's Gonna Network. Everybody's gonna be really relaxed. All right. It's gonna be well Damian.

I have wine not mimosas just so you know, it's just it's wine and yeah wine. No, we know we know why not sangria I requested sangria. It's summertime. Okay, well, whatever. That's all sangria.

I can't believe that we're even discussing the difference between whether it's Cabernet or sangria or all right massages and wine. I love it. That might actually be a networking. I may actually attend. Yeah, you missed it last time.

Yeah, I know. That's cigars in the song. Oh. Are you yeah, I'm gonna wait like 45 minutes into the networking until everybody's really relaxing. That's when I'll creeping.

Um, okay very cool any breaking at 2:30 like this is this is a change. Yeah. I love pop one. Oh, What was I going to say? Um how you're doing three presentations?

Yes. Storm they love it the top right there role of it. Yeah. Yeah that was based on last time feedback that we should try to get a little more taught in there. A little more Todd.

All right. Well listen Todd has a lot of stuff to do. I have a lot of stuff to do. I'll see you all on slack everybody good. Yeah.

Here's all right. Awesome. Looking forward to seeing you. Uh, if you guys need anything, uh slap me Chris just always good to see you on here. See you here.

And so I'll see you virtually buddy. Absolutely. You'll see me here right? See you. Huh?

What Damian did you feel a few minutes? Okay, cool. All right guys, Mario.
