---
title: "Level 10 2022-06-27 15:57:03"
date: 2022-06-27
duration: 1h 3m
duration_seconds: 3784
vimeo_id: 724574043
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2022-06-27 15:57:03

**Date:** 2022-06-27 | **Duration:** 1h 3m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Morning, Glenda. How are you? He's doing great. How about yourself? Right Chris, and I aren't talking so.

ignore it We're not talking I called you back. What was that busting your top because we talked so often. Oh gosh. Yeah. Okay.

So one that is what I said over. Does that make sense about coming up with some ideas. A solution. Yes. so yes, and no I get what you're saying.

But like I said for a lot of a lot of the resources that we use we can't really post date or pay after the only thing that I did talk to the hotel about when I met with them during the event we can actually arrange for them to build us monthly prior to October for this time around. And they could are just like kind of like financing it and really good. Do we get a discount for paying early? I we didn't discuss that part yet because she was just explaining to me. What options would be available.

She said we couldn't we can try to do that. And what we would do is break it down in like three or four payments. And yeah, so that's it. That's a great solution as long as obviously if you get some sort of a discount for prepay. Well, you always have to so the way the hotel worked is that you have to pay in full before you even get there.

So they always try okay, but if we're paying two months in advance, then we should have some sort of a slight discount. Yeah, so that they would do we could do like a three month payment type of thing. So I just have to talk to her about all of the exact details and specifics. But yeah, I definitely I want a solution. I know today's Monday.

So but tomorrow I want a solution not ideas a solution. Okay. Does that make sense? Yeah. Chris got his hoodie on okay.

That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah, and again the whole the whole reason this is so important Glenda. By the way, hello, Teddy title said I'll be on in a minute the whole reason this is so important is because we're getting much more disciplined about managing our monthly profit loss statements and obviously, you know, we service top one clients for 12 months out of the year the service all year long. We get Revenue all year long.

However, the three events which are 95% of the expense of running the program hitting only three out of the 12 months. And so what that does is it takes a month like this month and granted this month was definitely soft but it takes a month like this month and all of a sudden all $40,000 is hitting in this month and it makes this month look like a train wreck. And so it doesn't accurately it makes it difficult to accurately read what's going on in the business when we and it doesn't act over represent it and just so for everybody's knowledge, you know, we're still a cash based company. So if we were accrual based a cruel based economy means that you recognize revenues and expenses as they're earned or incurred. So for example, if we were a cruel base that would mean that okay, we're paying for this forty thousand dollar event, but it actually is for a full year of service.

So we'll amortize it over four months or 12 months. But because we're cash it's whenever the bill comes whenever Joyce gets the bills that's when it shows up on QuickBooks. And so you need to come up with a solution again. It may not be everybody. It might just say hey well have you said we could pay him on the first of the month and this other?

And the boss said we could pay on the month before to discount so it doesn't have to be everybody right? You just have to figure out out of the Forty thousand dollars of the event. How can you come up a way to spread it so that we pay a little bit the month before some of it the month of and some of the month after it doesn't have to be perfect 33 33 30. Sorry, but it has to be we have to do something better than 100% more. Okay, that makes sense not.

I'll be on camera second. I just figured you don't want to see me eating a rice. All right. So as I mentioned Tom's going to jump on in just a minute talk about some of the new offers coming out and some other updates as well before we do let's just stick with professional bests from last week. So want to go first.

Yeah. Okay stuff. I would say Suzanne's project kickstarting. That's obviously huge. It's money money.

We're gonna be keeping in the door. So yeah, obviously making sure that we have a good plan salad plan. Everybody's on board. And yeah, that's what happened last week Michael sort of working on the first couple tasks on that project for those who aren't aware Suzanne was a high ticket client we had and she was unhappy long story short. We demon came in and provided a solution and so we are doing something we know don't normally do but I think we're gonna Knock it out of the park.

So I'm excited about that. Right. What what platform are we building her stuff on? Um, so it's either either WordPress or she's like feeding me to get a clip funnels. I'll use click funnels.

So Yeah, does that make sense? Because you have a CRM? She does I think she uses Infusionsoft. Okay? So we're my goal with that Teddy, you know, I want to minimize maximize output minimize team effort or not minimize effort, but minimize.

Distraction and so my goal is to just have everything already rather than hey Teddy do this. Hey, Teddy. I have more page. Hey, Teddy, I have just one. It's already we'll move forward get old access and And when is the goal to have that lunch but um, so I don't have the dates in front of me.

We map it all out. However, a lot of those dates are contingent upon her signing off and getting stuff done. um Do you have a win from last week? Uh, yeah, I would say getting all the top one event recordings up in the portal and published. big one great, Glenda And so Kevin Rogers connected us with a referral.

His name is Jonathan. I can't pronounce his last name chip something and so I connected with him last week got him in touch with Damien and We're getting him into the program. So has he reached out to you? So no, I have to follow up with him today. I messaged him last week and I haven't heard back.

So I'm gonna follow up with him today after this call. And yes, but he seemed excited he did when I called him talking about, you know, the program and and jumping on with you. He seemed like he was very interested. Yeah, we had we had a great call. I think he'd be a great fit solid Edition.

Um, I'm not sure if he's just a guy that you know, he's definitely not a procrastinator. He's an action taker but I don't know if he's a guy that likes to do a little homework before he makes big decisions because he was like, you know, we click he was all in any kind of just like, hey, I'll get back to you tomorrow and then like he kind of just lagged a little bit. Yeah, I wouldn't hit him up if you have if you haven't hit him up yet today don't hit him up today tomorrow, but at this point I'm not gonna follow up because I already followed up with him twice and I don't want it to look bad in terms of the program and position. Right, and so I'll let it go for today. I was I haven't followed up with him yet today, but I was planning on doing so so thanks for letting me know.

Yeah, and just you know, when you follow up just as you know, like just say hey, you know just do a little housekeeping wanted to touch in. How come with Damian. What do you need? How can I serve you? You know, like just You know not hey by the way, did you pay yet?

And then what does I love the program then you could say did you pay it? It's black Channel. No, no. No, not yet. No.

No. All right went from last week. There were a number of things. I would probably say diving under the hood with. With both Andre talking.

I had a good call with Andre and kind of just he left a call to super grateful. We're gonna actually have them go through a what you think is exactly what he needs is gonna be huge benefit and then also had a strategic call with Dr. Glenn who only likes to be called Blind about his business his team and where he's at and it's just it's just good. It's just good when you have people that have good businesses good people that need a little insight and eat some direction and they're gonna take action and move on it. So he actually sent me over.

I kind of gave him a little homework. He said that over like the same day. He had Mike is right hand guy send it over as well. And so now we're just gonna keep look me moving the ball forward. I see a lot of slack waiting for him to just kind of think about how to get his a team properly quit in situated for for the growth their experiencing which is pretty excited.

So right now we have June 727 28 29 30 This week what's happening? So the top one promo is finished or finishing up. I think the pages and everything look great. We've seen one application so far from her name is escaping me for the second. You know her Jackie Muscat.

Which I know she's been around E5 for a long time. And so I'm gonna I'll connect with her. She just reached out this she just submitted it this morning. We'll see if anybody else comes back in and then we're gonna talk with TV about getting our infocast life. And then after the infocast will be looking at I I don't know if we'll be discussing either session off or the traffic or just focused on that.

But hello Todd Brown. It's nice to see you. What's up guys? What's up? Gang honey?

How's everybody? Good. Good weekend. For everybody. Yeah busy good.

Good. Okay, it's always good busy with good stuff. Yeah, yeah busy with good stuff. It went by fast. So that means we're having fun.

Good good. Very good. And so did was I did I interrupt Amy you finish what you're doing. And then I just I just wanted to touch basic team kind of give him a little little thought of what's going on and no acute him up that we're gonna get the info. So yes, I have five.

I have a few things that I just want to cover go through real quick a couple status items one thing that I need from you teddy with the infocast and then we'll be ready to roll and so let's start with um, And I just really kind of wanted to update you guys and see if there was any anything that anybody wanted to share. So top one. I believe Teddy can you pull up in and while and let everybody know or let me know the exact number of people that have filled out step one over the last call it week. I believe it's somewhere in the dozen and a half range something like that. So about a dozen and a half people filled out step one and we only had one application.

Uh submission, I did go in over the weekend and redo a bit of the follow-up sequence for that. So we got a little bit of a of a new you know, a new follow-up sequence. I believe it goes for about four days change some of the timing on that but so to to keep in mind Folks were sent to the kind of the recap page of our most recent experience. I don't know if you guys had the chance to look at that page. It's kind of cool just sharing some of the greatest different.

It's perfect. It was more of a you know, it felt like content. It really was content. There was no aggressive pitch for top one. It was just hey, this is some of what was shared With a couple of links over to the top one Mastermind main page and so the folks that filled out step one were likely folks that went to that recap page clicked over to the main top one page clicked submit application on the top one page entered step one came to the application and and bailed and so these aren't just you know, these aren't just random individuals.

And so just wanted to throw that out there obviously low conversion rate from step one to step two. We do have a follow-up sequence in place. That's all you think do you think it's a worth pounding them? So that's interesting. So I pulled up the I don't know.

I mean look Teddy can do a very quick kind of a little bit of research to see. You know how many people on that list are actually buyers if they're if there is somebody who is a who is a a good buyer on that list sure. I would outbound them but other people that are Yeah, can you put can you pull those Teddy pull that list look at the buyers and then if they're whatever they are, it'll probably a small list. I'll probably just reach out to them. I mean, there's 25 and There's 25 step ones from just this week.

Yep. Okay. So after the coffee could do that Teddy Todd. I mean, I'm one year one 20 to me. Okay, Damian God.

What was the logic what Jackie Muscat? You said you talked to right Damian? Oh I said I have her application and So yeah, Jackie, I'm not sure. I'm not sure if she's gonna qualify like I'm not sure if she's gonna be ready my gut tells me that she's probably a few hundred thousand a year. If not a little bit less.

Um, just me. And so she's I think she has a Google AdWords agency, but it's certainly worth a conversation to see she definitely I believe I pulled up the response sweet thing and she gave some really articulate and kind of impressive answers. I don't know she was trying to share her her Savvy in those answers, but it certainly worth a conversation. You see what she wants to do. She wants to have a low-cost monthly done for you ad service.

Mmm, that's a terrible idea. It is it's our life. Um, that's a brilliant idea Damian. I'm telling you when somebody takes that I'm gonna go back to you and I'm gonna say do you remember when what I didn't say? I didn't think it's a brilliant idea.

I said, I'm just not sure how to execute on it. All right. Well, isn't that your job to figure out how to execute on it hit you 15 years ago about making makeup for men. You execute you did and even though that turned into a monster business. I am thrilled that I passed on it.

It was on Shark Tank. Oh, you're right. It was on Shark Tank and I believe they got a deal. I mean, she's the only one that's really spending money. John Corona spent four grand.

Everybody else under 500 bucks. The the dude who spent four grand I certainly would reach out. Yeah, what's Chuck he was in coaching wasn't he? I don't. Know why it's four grand.

I don't know what kind of discount coaching you do got but I feel like he was definitely a former coaching student. Yeah, did you think John Corona? Yeah. Yeah. There's a red flag on that.

I I know something in my stomach's going Corona. Yeah, I'm pretty sure Corona. Yeah, I'll double check it but it was really you he's been personally refunded multiple times. Yes. So so Todd instead read the emails and there was that good narrative content.

What was the thinking behind sending them to the top one page and then the app as opposed to directly to the app after the concept? Because in the content and I could have done this a little bit. I could have done it a little differently, but I chose not to in the content. I didn't talk about all of the bells and whistles of top one and so right like I didn't feel like I felt like we would get a lot of low quality apps if we just bypass that and sent them right to the to the application. The other thing is that in this scenario, right?

And this is important right? Obviously the issue isn't we got 20 apps? Or 20 step ones and so the issue isn't getting people to write. The issue is write it like that. The aim is not to just make it simple for people to fill out the application.

Right? Like we want the right people to fill out the application but there's definitely like look people got a bit of Education went to the site. So what it was about started step one and for whatever reason didn't complete step two and so I'm not sure why I'm not sure, you know, I you know, I haven't reviewed the the application in response Suite like the actual questions, but Just wanted to throw that out gotcha. But so given that 19 of the people weren't qualified. It's is it a good thing that they didn't fill out the application?

That's like we don't know that they're not qualified. What makes you say? They're not qualified Kelly. Well, I mean, they haven't spending money with us for what under people that I'm spent money with us and go right into a mastermind into it. I mean, I I think that they're right.

I don't know if um, did Jim Baker spend money with us prior to top one. He was an E5. Yeah, actually, oh one and I told him by E5 first and then he went through me five. And what about Matt Tommy? I mean he was just a gym just gave me his number and I called him closer.

That's a referral. Yeah, that was a referral. Yeah, and so I just want to be careful that you know, we don't. That we don't weed out people, you know, just because they haven't spent money like automatically determine them as not qualified, but I certainly wouldn't outbound those people. Got you.

Okay? Okay. Um, I mean in the spirit of transparency Just For What It's Worth to throw this out, you know. the some of the it was hard to make some of the content that was shared at the experience sound. That compelling right?

You know what I mean? So I'm not sure how many people were, you know were blown away by the depth of content shared based on that page, right? So I tried to you know, I tried to pick out the cool nugget from each but it wasn't, you know, certainly wasn't easy to do that. And so for what it's worth. um Excuse me.

Um What is the status Glenda on the Rob and Kennedy top one payment? What have they paid so far? I haven't and they haven't paid anything yet. They told they asked me to revisit them in August, okay? so Damian do you have any thoughts on how you want to handle that?

Do you want to just wait until August or I I I came everything short of like hard hard closing them and they were just like this is how we do things. We you know, we make sure we finish what we started before we start something new he goes. Okay. We'll be ready August 15th. That's when I have it on my calendar, you know, and so, okay.

All right fair enough, that's cool. So obviously they you know, They posted that they'll be there. And so okay. So August I'm just gonna make a note so that I know that so that I am again. What is Damian the status on the the Sam oceans offer say right ocean.

So so he put He put together the version we're gonna go live last week, but the the design he used was from what was what was it, Teddy? Automatic customers automatic customer so it you know, they have basically their Master template that they're advocating everybody uses and it just looked too close, uh grateful to Teddy as well as John who are like, yeah, this looks too close like he updated copy and all that stuff and and there were some tweaks but we're like anything that comes from us because of the space wearing like it can't it can't be let's one thing to borrow an element or two, but it can't just look so similar and so he was like now I understand he's like, yeah, it's got it you will will get slammed for that. Right and it would it would kill our positioning if we rolled out something that right because then immediately folks say all you know, Todd and and Teddy and they're modeling Allen. So that's Allen and not and not have so what's in the gun 100% And so thankfully again props to to both Teddy and John kind of throw up a flag on it and brought it to my attention and I you know with pause I talk with Sam and Okay, so Switching gears. So can you Damien can you put all the images that you gathered for the traffic offer into a folder for me?

And so I'm ready to do the All this whatever screenshots we have to show how ad costs were cut in half. Okay? Yeah, can you put those into one folder for me? Yeah. Okay.

And so and if you could do that today, that would be awesome. Yeah, I'll have it done in the next 60 minutes. Okay, so we don't when are we going live with that work? The aim is to go live with that on Thursday. And so we'll do a little bit.

It's very very simple very straightforward. Like we're ultimately it is. Um, it is a it's gonna be a front end. We're gonna try it with cold traffic the price isn't mentioned in the video. And so that if we wanted to price test at 49 69 29, whatever, um, we can do that.

We're gonna start this test with seeing the conversion rate on the main offer just to see what it would take like in terms of a bump and in terms of an upsell and so I'm excited about it because it's a it's a different type of offer than you know, no legit unique mechanism. No big idea and proof-based solely on our experience nothing else. And so, um, I'm really interested to see how that performs for us. So I have it up in the portal ready to go. But just this week, just give me if you can give me extra lead time on anything you need urgent.

I'll be out actually be in Delray this week. So if you need if you want to okay, all right, so so then okay, so maybe I'll just shift things around and I'll do that. today and it's not you know, if it ends up being that I just yeah, just not okay. No problem. How long you in Delray?

so Friday Oh, okay. Cool, man. Maybe we'll get together. Yeah. Let's try new breakfast.

hit our breakfast spot Yeah, and I'll bring the jumper cables just in case. Um, so the that's an inside joke, you guys don't need to worry about the jumper cable story. So, um the swipe father kind of cool to show you. So I just our email Kennedy this morning and reply back and he said he's looking forward to joining in Target August and started asking for flight and hotel information for October. Perfect.

Yeah, those guys are are I like those guys a lot. Um, those guys are really talented charismatic dudes. And so um, I you know, I think I was on their podcast twice and just thoroughly enjoyed my time with them. And so I think they're gonna be a tremendous addition to the group. And so yeah, like I said, they already set up a discount code it's even through our affiliate link and I only shared it with with Lucas so far.

I said just keep it so that when you guys are there in October you guys can deliver it to the like let them mention it kind of thing. Very cool. Okay, awesome the swipe file so our our magnificent swipe files. So um Any I didn't even know I didn't even see that one that tastes like posted. That's awesome.

That's great. Right the idea by the way, keep going. Uh, so cool to see to see that. Um, can I just say I love seeing those Converse? I I I'm proud of them.

But every time I see a picture of them, I'm like man. I I love that. They're at least they're cool covers. I think in my opinion. Yeah every one of those shots.

I'm like, I remember when we created it's beautiful. I mean, I have it. You know, it's it's beautiful. It's it's something special. It's very cool and it's valuable.

It's valuable for the right marketers right like that that understand how to use a swipe file and for ideas stimulation for offers. It's it's everything that we said it is and so the interesting thing right if you remember so a couple things so the main gist of this little talking about this live file was what are we gonna what do you want to do with it? Right? So as of right now, we we have no copies left correct Chris, so we sold the remaining 31 and so that's one one copy that's under my under my bed. But if I have to pull it out, I will well.

sure, we're gonna need one copy certainly to give to you know to Whether it's a Rob and Kennedy or right for top one, but so there are two things number one is um is obviously there are still people that are that are interested and so we certainly could do a promo at at some point. We could order another batch of you know, whatever. The number is that we need to order 30 50 what whatever the number is Chris, um, and we could do kind of a promo Damian where we do a waiting list, like if you're interested if you want to copy, we're gonna order we're gonna order as you know, as close to the people that are interested as as possible to kind of prime it and then Like keep people updated along the way like, we just got word back from the printer that they've been printed. They're now, right they're now being packaged and bundled and now they're they're in the warehouse get ready. We're probably 10 days away from being able to to ship these bad boys.

Keep in mind. There's only blah blah blah 40 of them. And so you're gonna have to, you know act quick. We're gonna go in the order of the waiting list something like that. So we certainly could do that because there is interest every time somebody posts.

There's always people that say, where do I get those flights? Um the other thing so that's something that we just need to kind of quickly talk about and and decide. the and even though I said, we only have 31 copies of this lab of this left, we did only a 31 and we sold out I would have no problem going back and saying hey if there's enough people that really want this I'll have my team jump through hoops to to make it happen. It'll be costly it'll be a lot of work for us, but I'll get it done for you and we'll print copies like I could I still feel fine doing that. The other thing that we haven't talked about is that Chris had me trim the swipe file, right?

So there are really there is really volume, too. of the swipe file So there are I believe another. four binders Right. Now, let me ask you a question Todd what happened to the original all the original stuff that you sent to Lizzie. What did you did you throw it out or she still has it in her closet?

She threw it out. I'm sure I hope she did. You know. Pretty sure she threw it out. Yeah.

Yeah, man, I think I told her to throw it out. Like, you know, it was time to throw it out man. It was it was a gigantic box dude. It was ridiculous. I guess I got a suggestion.

Sure. I don't know if we want to do it but I mean like and I don't know. I don't know if you don't want a lot of copies of it out in the wild but like that is that product in particular would be perfect for a small affiliate launch. With Rogers promoting it basic Colin. Therio, you know like all of awai.

Yeah. I mean look, I don't I don't care about the the volume like of I'm not no, I mean I don't you know, it's No, I'm fine with there being a ton of them out there. I just don't want to do it digitally so I wouldn't do it physically. Oh physical. I mean with the right with those types of partners that you know, anybody's got copyrighters and email writers and students of marketing.

I brought honey Brunson might even promoted like yes. Yeah. I mean look we sent him a copy and we could potentially got it. We couldn't even potentially do it. Something went A to Z copy school as well kind of put the boat so they get indoctrinated to us.

You know, I mean, I don't I mean look, I I think that you know, that's a great it's a it's a great idea worth really exploring. I mean, I think you right we we sent Joe polish reached out and ask for um one we send Joe polish one. No, you know, no strings attached Brunson reached out sent one to him. Obviously. There is base act.

There's Rogers there is AWI. There's Robin Kira. Um, you know, there's Kyle Milligan, um in I mean and so Certainly in an opportunity. I think we would need. and I mean look, I'm I'm down to I'm down to do that we would need to.

You know, we would need to just look at some of the numbers to make sure like our hard costs or what does it cost us per set Chris? Prices have gone up right now. I have to rerun the numbers for a larger amount price breaks at 25 individual set. It's at 265. So obviously that is that 265 just without shipping.

That's without shipping. Yeah, that's yeah and so right so let's just call it Right just for the heck of it. That's right break. So 25 is a price break off to find out what it is. Obviously you guys all know inflation.

So everything is changing as far as prices, but this would be something we want. We want to we want to buy a lot we can Biden impacting on I'm just kidding. Um, I'm just joking. Just kidding guys. It's probably Trump.

I got to make sure that I say something negative about each and all fair. Yeah, you did a good job on either. Oh, yeah, it's Putin. Darn it. No.

So well Damien, what are your general thoughts on what Teddy said right because I mean I think that I like it. I dig it a lot. I think that that's really sweet. I mean I have I I think that they would probably be interested in that. I think it's a good idea.

What I would do is two ideas. So first of all, I do think it's a good idea. I'd like to see us reach out to a handful of people and just say hey dude, everybody's asking for this I was thinking about doing this if I did is that something you want for your try. And if we get and if you get like three or four players that are like, oh dude, I would promote that all day long. I don't care if I make money.

I don't need to listen to me. I guarantee that I'll get i'll get three to four they're with there's zero not even a question. I I am pointing to the stands and telling you that I will get three to four. Good one that's not guaranteed. Not flaky guys that can move at least 10 to 20 units each.

Yeah guaranteed. Yeah, I think I think it's a no-brainer. I think it would attract the right people ones and we haven't done a launch an affiliate promo and years. So I think Todd it's just coming up with the offer like do we do we make it both volumes? Do we make it one volume and the second volumes up?

So do we do we package like a year of coffee calls or six month coffee calls with it or eight easy Workshop. Like we just have to think about like, what is the price point we want to go out and how do we How do we make it? So there's enough margin for us and the partner that it that it's exciting, you know? Yeah, by the way, I have an idea. Can I just tell you this?

It's just a filmmaker. Sure. I thought about even before you told me about one of the promote this wi-fi again, and it was why I was asking if Lizzie still had the Box we could still do this the burning of the swipe file. We have part of the promotion as you burning all the originals and being like that's it. Like these are my I now have the files.

I think you standing over a bin and holding that stuff up and spraying barbecue lighter fluid on and throwing a match I think like the fear of missing out. And being like dude only I have the Masters now. I mean, I've got enough swipes that you could put at the top right stuff you like I you know, yes all the other boxes we could burn. I don't know. I think that that would be like super different and compelling.

Okay. Teddy this last question about this and then this is obviously I love the idea. And so Kudos Teddy unreally unreally spotting that. have you seen I guess I could you have you seen a launch where it's not like a I don't know if I'm clear on what a launch would look like for this other than kind of like. just um You know, like I'm not sure it is would there be educational it's not a plf launch.

Yeah, it's not a plf launch, right? Okay. All right. So just a private offer, you know offer exclusive for a hand selected group. Of Affiliates all at the same time.

So in other words we order call it, you know hundred and fifty copies or something like that and then we have and that's nice. It's got the built-in scarcity, right? So it's not it's not a fake timeline. It's like there's only 150 copies on this. You know just go around.

So yeah a guy like Matt basic alone could move a tremendous amount of copies and so glad I mean, like I said, Matt Colin Ben Fury, maybe or been settle or you know good for our weapon positioning too, you know. Yeah, it could be good Todd one of the ways that we could do it even just if you want more than straight to offer. It would be great for your positioning is where you're reviewing different segments of the swipe file and like hey, man, these are my three favorite game Kennedy pieces. This is why let me tell you the first time. I saw him.

Let me tell you what's going on. Like you're the dude who's critiquing the legend look look, you know, I think that we could do we could if look I think that we could include things in there of greater value or of value to bond with people, but I think that the offer stands on its own, you know what I mean? Like the offer stands on its own and so we don't like, oh I was talking about to promote it. I'm saying even the the promoting of it. I mean nobody but even that like you could potentially do like, you know, if Russell's down like do a call with Russell, you know, who's now obviously in one's dance stuff and like yeah comparing notes some what you think where Dan's best male pieces or whatever.

Yeah. Yeah, I think that would be really cool. Yeah, okay. Like and what do you think that this is the last question for you today? What do you think is the amount of money per sale that a partner needs in order for it to be worth it to them.

Grand oh, I was just gonna say I was hoping you really if we're doing if we're doing a to z and everything, you know, so I'm I see like a three thousand dollar offer. A total 3000 like a $3,000 offer or a potential $3,000 average order value. So because I'm not sure if somebody's gonna pay we just sold it for a grand right? But so we if we bundle copies copy calls and copy School. Okay, so you think a grand is?

That may be a hard. Yeah. But I think that I think they would yeah. To some degree. It's not going to be so much about the money for them.

It'll be about you know, like they're getting an excuse like you just visit to them like you're getting an exclusive opportunity to promote this to your tribe of copyrighters who you know will benefit from it. Right like this isn't this isn't a plf launch. This isn't going out to everybody like I'm hand picking the Affiliates and you know, you're one of the ones I want. Yeah, is there is there anything where Maybe? Instead of the money or less money the the benefit for the client could be like, let's say Kevin Rogers promotes it is he and he sells 30 copies.

You see how like a built-in follow-up coaching or something that he can sell and be like, hey, everybody bought this I'm gonna do eight weeks of calls breaking down this swipe file the decades, you know what I'm saying? Like so they it could potentially give them an offer. You know what I'm saying? Listen, they just want something to promote to make money fair enough. They don't want more but okay, so and so I know that this is a tough question for you, Damien, but so What amount of money?

Do you would you? What is the minimum amount of money that you would want to walk away with or have us produce from this promotion? How much of your time is it going to take? Like weeks like how much of it is going to be your number one Focus for weeks months a month. I don't know.

I I can't answer that right now. Let's just call let's just say it's a few weeks. It's let's just say it's a month if it's a month, I would say as long as we can clear 40. I think just the buzz and the buyers would be worth it. 40 what 40K in hand?

40 Grand dude, we're not doing a launch for forty thousand dollars. Well, it's like we're talking about $40,000. Yes, I said forty thousand dollars. I'm not doing a launch for $40,000. Okay, it's not really a launch you're already.

It's basically just making Okay. Yeah. All right. So then the answer so yeah, so that that so I don't need to so scratch the question for you. All good.

Yeah. Um, all right, so I got that what's what's the budget for? What's the revenue go for next quarter that that's the number? Yeah you go. Oh the answer when when Todd we need to pick a good window.

I'm thinking probably August. For this yeah now so you got you need to give people a greater window, dude. You know what? I mean, so I would say I mean, I would say maybe September I would say early September so that you can pick a couple off in the top one for October. So decent idea Terry.

Okay. All right Switching gears. All right, you might even make that maybe maybe the affiliate prize right like top affiliate gets gets a year in top one. As long as it's not Kevin or Robin Kira, right? Then that's great.

Then we wind up if we shop for Damian's number we break even on the on the launch. This is great. um All right, who's gonna say here? I said this traffic offer. Okay.

So actually I only have one thing left. I'm going to share my screen and this is for the infocast. and so Amy do you actually wear glasses now or or what? I've always had glasses or contacts. Why what made you ask that Teddy?

Because I don't recall seeing him in glasses before and they were crooked on his face. Even we're that's crooked makes and feel like he's like a researcher like he's a college professor who's totally out of touch with but like he's totally out of touch with like, you know, mainstream etiquette and whatnot. So, all right. So this is the the current page. Um, I made obviously I changed it Teddy.

This is in the click funnels in the click funnels campaign that you created Damian. I went with newest episode rather than the thing here is the the question so Joel while we were in top one, so Joel gave us the recommendation. To uh to generate the lead first and then obviously follow up with the lead. However you want so Joel talked about, you know, giving them a you know, a transcript of the thing or whatever cheat sheet or something like that. I don't really want to do that to start.

I want to see if we could go really as close to selling promoting E5 campus possible. And so what I'm thinking is is Damian is that we we have the button the button will be delayed and then when the button appears, right they click it. It's step one. This is all you already have this all set up Teddy. I just edited a couple things here, but then what I'm thinking Damian is that when they write so they're basically, you know get started with the E5 method they do step one and then they go to um, they go to this page that Coal created for for E5 Camp.

So this is this is a pretty nice page for E5 Camp here and it's got the order form at the bottom. We need to we need to get rid of this one. There was like a it was a weird price on here, Teddy. That looks good. I like that page.

But there's so there's one thing that I want to. ask Teddy So, okay, that's cool. But for some reason I thought I saw a special price in here. Yeah, but he had a coupon code thing in there depending on if they came from the email or something. Yeah, maybe that's why I saw it.

But my question is this Teddy. So so number one we can use this page correctly. Like you can just move this page over to the like instead of this order for right move that page over in here. And so they go from the podcast to that page to the um to the confirmation. My question is how does the right so you can go ahead and do that.

Like I want to use I want to use this page over, you know over here instead of this we're gonna do the the two step is going to I'll set the timer and then it's just gonna send them to to that sales page. My question is how does deadline funnel? How could we incorporate deadline funnel in there so that there is um, There is let's say a five-day window for them to buy and it is a it is we can bring it into Infusionsoft. Because that just the normal setup of deadline funnel like yeah often form happens. It's it sends a post to Divine funnels start the timer and then the timer just plays on the page based on when it started from infusion.

Okay. So Damian, this is the question that I have, right? So all that is is fairly straightforward for Teddy to do I think that right we've got one of two options and so one is we don't use deadline funnel and then there's no there's no deadline and then there's no urgency to respond. And I think that that's a mistake that we've made in the past where they can buy any time they want and so why buy now, but then the question that I have is well, it's the it's the it's not really a deadline on the offer. It's really a deadline on that page.

Because they can go and get the same offer somewhere else right A sheer integrity and conviction. I just don't feel comfortable in an email saying so what are you guys? I mean make it a hundred dollars less, bro. Make the full pay $100 less. What do you think of that Teddy?

And I'm certainly fine with the reduced price. We're going to cold traffic. With this we're gonna start with our house list first. You you think um, is there another? And I'm trying not to.

I wonder is there another bonus that we can include in here that right? Because this is the standard offer. Is there another bonus that we can include in here that? that is good and And so what like six months of copy calls? What do you think of that Damien?

Not a bad idea? Okay. Are we doing are we doing it just for an Integrity standpoint or are we doing it from a like value standpoint? I'm doing it really from an Integrity perspective, right Integrity standpoint, then these because if we reduce it, like another words reducing the you know, reducing the price then we have people that just paid, you know, the regular price. And so that feels kind of I know that you know price has changed but I just don't like doing that.

I'd rather and there's our value 97 offer out there somewhere. I think you're right. I have no idea where I've seen it. I've seen people pay that on Infusionsoft. I haven't been able to find it.

I think that's what I think. It's I think it's in the intensification sequence. I think we We dropped the price. Yeah in in the intensification sequence for what for the Evergreen webinar? It does it starts a deadline funnel and I think it drops the price for like five days or can you send me a link to to infuse it to the Infusionsoft campaign to see that?

I know I just know that price exist. And I think that's where it is. But I know that it exists too. I just haven't been able to find it because I've seen every now and then I see somebody come in at a 1497 and I'm like where the heck is this coming from? Yeah, so Todd from it from an Integrity standpoint.

I get it, but I'm much from a Simplicity standpoint Logistics. I'd rather give them like unique mechanism Workshop or something. Um, just because it's like we're gonna give him a recurring thing for six months and like it just it's a complicated thing to just tag on to an offer for integrity sake Okay. I will say that you know, it is a little bit more complex. But Teddy feels strongly that that's some of the biggest value that we provide are those copy calls.

Yeah, I agree, but then I would probably only make it three months not. You know 13 private call Private trade 13 private training calls with Todd Brown every single week. You know, I think that's still huge value. So let's just do three months. Is that is that fairly simple to do Teddy?

Just three month. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So what what then let's do let's do this.

So take this page and move it over to here right replace the replace the order form with that new page. Let me know when that is done and then I'll go in there and I'll add the section for the the extra bonus. The three months of um of copy calls me the link to you. Slack, okay. um and then I will I'll take care of the the button delay on this bad boy and then we'll be good to go.

I do have one more question about this. So any questions about what we covered so far. Set up as set up that page as the order form and you want to deadline funnel or no? Yes, I'd like the deadline funnel for um for five days. And so and then just let me know.

How I incorporate that into the email follow-up. Okay, like if you want to just shoot me a little loom video to remind me. It's been a long time since I've done anything with deadline funnel. Yeah, the other question that I have is so is it possible Teddy right now? The pop-up on this page so assume that this button.

Is hidden right until the right time in the video and then when it displays and somebody clicks on this the pop-up is triggered. How would it work? Is it possible if we wanted to have a different exit pop like if I wanted to have an exit pop where oh, like where on if somebody goes to leave. We have an exit pop that um that that models what the other infocast is doing. It says like want me to send you the recording of this episode that you so that you can watch it whenever you want.

It's kind of just a way to capture the the email like is it possible to have a second exit pop on exit? So yes, and no, it's the same exit pop. It's possible to To hide one section and display a different section. Right. So the exit pop would basically have two rows in it.

One is the current row with that form field. The other ones a different Row the different thing and there's I think there's a way in Chrome tools as a way to flip them. Okay. Well, so let me know let me know if that's if that's possible. Um, Right the other option.

The other option right like Damian like I'm just thinking like I have no idea how valuable it would be how effective it would be. Right, but if somebody doesn't watch the whole thing, right and they go to leave it gives us the ability to you know to potentially capture, um an email address and then follow up with them differently from someone who The other option right Teddy if that doesn't work, I love the I love the exit for the transcript right? Just hey. Boom, you know looks like you might be in a rush. Let me send you a full PDF transcript.

right is Well, the other option potentially Teddy is that we have a different a third party tool that does it. well, the other way to do it the other way to do it is the pop-up is just an exit pop and then the button and goes to click pop. Okay, so you do a little bit of research and I can you tell me you tell me what you want. It's not urgent like because the we're gonna start by Rolling this out to the house file. And so that part is not is not urgent, you know for like if we get that done but you know by next week, you know, that's totally fine.

And so you let me know and then we'll go from there. Hey and you could have an exit you said Damian you can't have exit pops now for cold traffic as long as there as long as it doesn't hijack the browser like the old one where like you try to click off and it just won't let you leave. Gotcha. That's the issue. Um, Todd what about if we just made it where when that delayed button comes in and it says get started with E5 they click it and there's a drop-down on the existing page.

But the exit pop is for the hey get the PDF transcript of this entire episode now, we'll probably have to do it. We'll probably have to do with it. It can be done. I would do it with a click Pop. I think it's gonna be because technically they're they have to be two different forms.

Like one's got to send them the transcript deal. All right, send them to the order form, right? Okay. So just play, you know, like you let me know you you play around with that and then you let me know what we're gonna what we're gonna go with and then when we're ready for the copy, I'll give you the copy and we'll go from there. Um, Okay, that's it for me Damien.

Oh hello in seconds, you know. And so I can let the the guy stage agency know do we feel like we're gonna be able to go live tomorrow on the infocast or what do we think? Yeah, but remember the agency has nothing to do with okay. I run the cold first and then we're gonna run to the house file first and then we're gonna go to To cold traffic. So let's see how it does to the house file first if it doesn't work to the house file.

I'm not sure like it might I almost feel like it might do better too cold traffic than the house file just because it's interesting. Well, I guess what we'll do is we'll I mean, we'll start with the house file and then you know, let's look at the results maybe regardless of the results. We'll put we'll put that theory or that idea Teddy to the test and go to cold traffic. I think it could do it's more position to people that don't know them like, you know, the list has heard about Yeah, this is yeah, I think you know some of the little the little tiny things that like the Todd Brown dot me in the in the URL is a little bit to me. It seems weird right like another words.

It's supposed to be this third party, you know kind of website but yet it's Todd Brown dot me it's why I had you know, that's why I had Teddy remove Todd Brown dot me in the in the footer because it seems right weird. You know, the only thing that I would say is potentially is that we you know, it could be Thought of as like hey you and I did this podcast and it turned out so good that I decided to use it on our own site, but it does feel a little strange to me. And I mean, I mean we could use another domain we just didn't have one that so and we got to set up tracking and and all that kind of stuff from scratch. Yeah the the other and so do we so the other reason Damian just as a side note why I went with the top one entrepreneur podcast is in case we want to do some podcast episodes for like under top one. Why start something totally different and so I figured just in case um uh But so I wonder if you know top one podcast calm is available.

Sorry. And does that if Teddy if we did if it was top one podcast and it was like we forwarded it to this URL masked, you know how I don't know what that how they do that. Does that still whack out the tracking? Shouldn't because I think it is essentially iframing it at that point. All right.

Well, let me know it's not again that's not urgent, you know, not urgent when we're going to the to the house file, but for cold traffic, I definitely would love to see a branded domain for it. Just because I think that it It eliminates any possibility of thinking it's it's available. Yeah register it. I mean for the eight box or 10 bucks, whatever it is register Penny on GoDaddy. There you go.

Um, cool. So Damian you good Teddy you good. Yeah. I'm good Chris Glenda you good. All right.

You guys are out of here gaming. I'll see you on slack if you guys need anything. Let me know if not have an amazing day. All right. Yes.
