---
title: "Level 10 2022-05-16 15:58:01"
date: 2022-05-16
duration: 1h 19m
duration_seconds: 4761
vimeo_id: 710484649
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Level 10 2022-05-16 15:58:01

**Date:** 2022-05-16 | **Duration:** 1h 19m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

That is, I needed to hear that today. Maybe that's what it was. Like I need, I needed. We're here. We're here.

Oh my God. Let me get my charger. Hold on. Computer's dying. I'm like you now, Chris.

Oh, that's right. Hey, you know, before you know, you'll become like me and then eventually
like Damien. I guess I'm sorry. Watch, watch, watch, watch. It'll happen.

I think it already is happening. I'm scared. Oh yeah. You hear that Damien? Yeah.

She's becoming
like you. That's good. Where's a Kendrick? Oh, we should be jumping. Oh, actually, I'm surprised.

Usually on by 12. Let me see. Okay. What does your shirt say? Damien.

Okay. All right. From Pete Renzulli. All right. Oh yeah, I thought when you posted that.

Yeah, he gifted to me when me and Todd, when he rejoined top one. Hey, Teddy. Good morning. How are you? Is your official name theater?

No. What is your official name? Teddy. Is it really? Right.

So on your birth certificate, it says Teddy. It says Teddy. I have a brother-in-law whose name is Bobby, but on his birth certificate, it actually is Bobby. It's not Robert or even Bob. It's just.

It's actually Bobby. Yeah. It's a little, little country, little country flair. Definitely. I don't think my mother could spell Theodore.

My dad was going to name me Lao Tzu. And my mom had to really push hard because they would call me Sue growing up. Right. Is that that or Chris Bullrun? And my mom was like, no, no.

I'm going to keep with that. I was almost something else. Good for your mom standing up. All right. So let's go.

Professional bests last week. Who wants to go first? I can if nobody wants to go ahead. So I know this is a little redundant, but hey, it's always good to have money coming in. So I got Lucas and his partner to sign in to sign on for full pay.

So they sent their 45 wire. I haven't gotten the confirmation yet because it was over the weekend. So, you know, it takes like a day or two. Right. Yeah.

They were all in and they should be joining us for the event as well. Fantastic. Fantastic. All right. Yeah.

And do we have we have renewal money coming in from Peter and Maria, too, right? They just reached out to me this morning. Something's going on and they want me to pause there. Maria can't join us now either in June. OK, well, well, let's make sure we have Lucas present.

You know, even offer for his partner to present. If he says his partner is a strong presenter, you know, group has a chance to get to know them that much better. Right. You know, again, always is a value add always is positioning. Right.

Just, hey, I want to give you an opportunity. That would be a great chance for the group to really get to know you guys. I know they met you last time. So either you or if you feel like your partner really could can bring the heat, you know. Right.

Right. All right. We'll see. Yeah. See what's up with Peter, Peter, Eric and Maria.

OK, just they just did a big launch, too. They should have money. Todd spoke at the event. Rich spoke at the event. Yeah.

And let me know. Let me know what's going on with them, like where they are in the business. If it's just she can't travel, maybe there's other ways we could serve them, you know. Yeah. Yeah.

I know it was a traveling situation for Maria, but then he also included. Please wait with charging us for the next payment. Well, he might just be like he doesn't want to get charged again until they know they can come, you know. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. You're probably right. All right. All right. Go ahead.

Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. OK.

All right. Chris. Yeah. Last week, shaving off some some potential big savings, I think. I mean, not big individual savings, but a lot of small savings that should equal a pretty good size number,
especially given given the fact of where we're at now with with shaving off, you know, some extra fat.

And so was was pretty excited about that. And by the way, I do need an answer on because we left we left the leadership channel with prepay. Yeah. Glenda, can you just you still do you still speak with Todd once or twice a week? Todd, yes.

All right. Can you just get a purple just since he's our acting CFO? Just tell me we want to prepay Infusionsoft. And it saves us two K. When do you need that by Chris today?

Well, sooner would be better. But I mean, there's no deadline for it. Let's say by end of day Wednesday, Glenda. Yeah. I know Todd's getting back in the saddle today.

Mm hmm. OK. Teddy, when from last week? It's not completed, but I started working on porting over the mobile app to the to the other platforms
so that we could potentially, you know, run some app download ads going forward. We'll probably need some content or figure out what we want to do there in terms of a of a free content strategy.

But. Yeah, I mean, we've done a lot of free content before, so I think you can use your discretion. And I would either I mean, we certainly could use videos from YouTube. We certainly could use a session from Todd on stage at MFA Live, you know, or even the webinar compreso, you know. Yeah, I mean, I mean, I can certainly find random, random stuff to put up there.

So, yeah. I'll come with that for a starting point. Cool. So I'm going to say probably isn't going to sound huge, but it is was meeting with Todd and agreeing to start having a mid month forecast meeting. And so rather than, you know, at this point, you know, sort of the next step after saying, hey, let's really make sure we're managing our finances responsibly is saying, well, OK, well, you know,
our goal is to hit a certain amount of net profitability every month and rather than just waiting for the month to finish and then closing our eyes and going, well, we made it or we didn't make it.

I'm going to start meeting with Chris in the middle of the month. We'll do our first one this week. It's a little bit later this month, but that's OK. And then going forward, Todd will be on them to really sit down and just be able to look at the business and be able to say, OK, this is how much we're forecasted to bring in. This is our forecast of expenses, anything special coming in.

And then, OK, here's our projected revenue so that we can make sure that we really dial it in. And it's a big deal. You know, the significant change, you know, I very much would push back a lot. You know, Todd would be like, hey, I'm thinking about running this thing. And I'd be like, man, was I going to add 10, 15 grand like our payroll is over one hundred thousand dollars like it doesn't it does.

Those things don't move the needle. But now that we've cut so much of the fat off of things, a $15,000 promo matters. $15,000 promo actually helps the business, actually makes things healthy. And so we're continuing to bake in even they are already just preliminary glance at the numbers. And that was without a full pay that Jim just got or the $45,000 from see you later, Chris, or the $45,000 we just got from Lucas Garvin.

You know, May is baking out to another good month. You know, it's been in 2021 or 2020. We didn't have a single year where we had continually back to back profitable months. It was like this the whole time. And now we're starting to create these steady months, which is very, very encouraging, very, very exciting.

And so a couple of things to cover. I know Chris wants to talk a little bit about. When he gets back, he wanted to talk about. I think we're going to talk about Laurieann. We're going to talk about probably bundles.

Teddy, is there anything on your agenda you need from the team? Uh, no, but we can talk about the, uh, the big idea book thing if you want. Okay. So we'll talk about the big idea book thing about what? Well, I mean, it's pretty straightforward.

I mean, so yeah, there were in fact 15 sales. And as far as infusion, only three of them were from Facebook. So, you know, the rest are coming from all over the place from, I don't know, an Android app, uh, which could be a content network ad, some direct traffic, um, main site, unconverted book, YouTube, organic. Question is, how many, how many big idea book sales did we see the week before? Week before?

Yeah. And then the week before that. Uh, looks like there were about, uh, yeah, from the 9th to the 15th, there were,
16 sales, right? And so then let's go the week before. And then second.

Just one. Week before. Two. One more. Uno más.

It could be, it could be that page was shut off though previously, and it got reactivated when we launched this campaign and all that organic traffic started coming into it. We're not. Yeah. So let's Sherlock Holmes. So we had zero to one sales and then 16, we turned on traffic and the week that we got 16 and we've only attributed three to traffic, but literally the sales went up 10 X.

And so you're saying the page could have been off, and so you're saying the page could have been off, but my, I don't know. What do you mean that the page was, because some people did order those weeks. Right. Uh, yeah, they could have been going, I mean, there's multiple, there's multiple pages in that funnel. So they could have been going through a different or I have to, I have to dig in deeper.

Let me just see something inside of click funnels here. How to do it. How to do it. Weekians. Yes.

Yes. Thank you. So, Chris, what what Teddy is looking at right now is in the last week, last week, we turned on paid traffic for Big Idea Book. We saw only three sales attributed to paid traffic, but we saw a total of 16 sales. The week before, we saw only like one sale the week before two and the week before zero.

And so even though traffic is only being credited with three sales, somehow we went from one and two sales a week to 16 in a week. Which means they probably saw they probably saw the ad. And instead of going and clicking on the ad, they went to the old offer. Was the old offer sweeter than the new offer? I don't know.

That's what Teddy's looking into. Gotcha. So so let's let Teddy do his thing, not under pressure. So, Teddy, can you keep digging? Basically, the data I want from you is to know.

Here, I mean, I can I can show it here. Let me share my screen for a minute. Share it up, buddy. Do. All right.

So. Can you see my entire screen? I can. You can see this window. Yeah, I can see all your private documents.

Yes, I see. All right. So here you'll see that this was the week of April 25th, May 1st. So most of the traffic to the sales page was to this sales page. OK.

And there was one order with traffic turned on. Most of the traffic is going to John's sales page. You're still getting a lot of traffic to this other page. So there's a tremendous bump in traffic to this other page. But that's not where traffic's going to.

Traffic is going to this page. Pay traffic's going to this page, which was not getting traffic before. So so even though they're all going to the same order form, there there is an uptick in other traffic as well, which could be people are seeing the ads and they're Googling and that's going to this page potentially. OK, so in your analytical mind, Teddy, if the money was coming out of your pocket, would you keep running traffic this week to see if it replicates itself? Well, I mean, so in terms of attributable traffic, yes, we can only say that three sales came from traffic.

But if we're getting this add on effect that's effectively, you know, tripling the sales, then, you know, whether the ads are directly working, certainly sales are up for this product that weren't otherwise wasn't otherwise selling. So it depends what the CPA is, right? Right. Gotcha. At a $40 cart value, so.

OK, I'm texting. I'm messaging the agency right now. OK, what I will do today is I'll split these up and I'll have this page go to a different order form so that we know that everything coming from the John page is the only page going to that. Right. OK.

OK. OK. OK. OK. OK.

OK. OK. OK. OK. OK.

On the next one? OK. OK. OK. OK.

OK. OK. OK. OK. OK.

OK. OK. OK. OK. OK.

OK. up to another
okay do you need anything else Teddy
okay great okay so we're talking about I want to talk about bundles we'll talk about
Lorianne and top one update is there anything else in the agenda okay so top one update so
are we finally in connection with Lincoln Berger yeah he the last thing he told me was that he was
going to work stuff out with his schedule and his girlfriend he said so I'm still waiting for him to
confirm but he he was very excited about it and he said that he was planning on coming so what about
the female guest whose name I'm forgetting I forgot her name right now too but Todd hasn't
reached back out I've contacted him to see if she said anything about like securely coming
and he hasn't said anything so I'm not sure if she's still coming or not she might still be but
yeah okay so remember this this is key right we got to put at least you know ideally three but
bare minimum two in the room to make sure that we turn the event from a an expense to a revenue
generator right right you know at least if we have two you know it's going to be close but at least
if we sign one the event costs 25k we sign somebody up either on a pay pen or painful we're going to
wash it and we're going to be positive and so make sure that we get at least bare minimum two but
ideally three okay that's what I'm working on okay any other updates for the events uh we all should
know about um nothing different no okay um any of our any of our maybes come through to yeses
uh just rob and his crew okay um yeah that was it from the maybe section okay cool um all right and
you're you're good feeling good with the schedule yeah so far so good yeah everything is
and the networking day we're doing on day one right networking we are doing that on day one
they're gonna they're gonna there's gonna be wine and the massage chairs and music and all that and
then the second day uh so so basically joel urway offered he's like i've been wanting to do he's he's
doing infocast which is basically the name that uh actually thanks to top one uh and james frill
came up with to do his webinar podcast uh webinar podcast podcast style webinars called infocast and
he's like i really want to try doing one in person he's like would you guys like to be the guinea pigs
i'll do it for you when i'm out top one and i said yeah that sounds pretty cool and so uh so on day two
uh we're gonna you know since you know day one we have networking after lunch but day two we give
them free time is we'll use about 60 90 minutes so you just need to speak to javi and just say hey
we have again this is just so important right if you're having a birthday party for an eight-year-old
kid and you go to get it catered or you're having a wedding which one do you think gives you a higher
price estimate cost no wedding yeah right just as soon as you say it's a wedding the price is right
the same oh we're doing an event oh yeah lunch is 90 each for a box lunch you know um right so so just
make sure you know always with every bender but when you talk to javi just say hey we have a little
something extra we need to record with the two cameras and the mics you're bringing no extra
equipment's needed uh you know maybe just the light which i think he usually brings a light anyways if i
remember correctly um he may when he does anyways and just say so i need you to you know i just wanted
to see if you could stick around on day two after lunch for about 60 90 minutes you know what would
the cost you know of course we'll pay you a little extra what would the cost be right very different
answer than if we say hey the guys want to record something called an info cast it's a special type
of two camera webinar then he's gonna be like yeah that's seven thousand dollars yeah but if we say hey
i need you to stay a little bit longer got a little something same equipment in the room we'll be like
yeah it's 500 bucks yep makes sense i got it yeah um okay one more thing since we're talking
about the event just to make sure we're tying everything up um on the shirt on the dry fit
um are we all on the same page the the mock-ups that damien did i think teddy agreed um white white
on either gray or white on like the light blue i think the light blue since we already have a gray
shirt i'm gonna go with the blue because we already have a gray t-shirt okay cool yeah and and i i don't
necessarily agree with uh so i agree with teddy on that i don't necessarily agree with teddy
that the the flames like make it unwearable at any other time it's such a subtle amendment to the logo
that it's still a top one shirt i don't feel like it's so off-brand that it dates the shirt you know
and i like that when you included the actual like top one lettering in there i think it i i prefer that
way yeah the logo by itself so i'm i i actually like the logo with the flames teddy
i think it's cool because it goes along with the bring the heat but it is subtle it's not like
great okay so they'll get the they'll get the shirt that chris and i designed bring the heat
on the front savviest marketers on the game in the back and then this as well okay oh wait it says
savviest marketers on the back as well no not the t-shirt the t-shirt the t-shirt it says uh it says
chico's bail bonds on the back yeah so the only other thing about the logo right is and it's fine
if we're just doing polo shirts for for this one event but like you know theoretically polo shirts
would be nicer to put in the top one box going forward than t-shirts and so it should have if you if
you were going to order more in bulk for that purpose then not having the normal logo makes
more sense yeah i'm you know if these come good chris i'm completely game to upgrade to like a dark
navy blue plain white top one nice polo yeah i like that idea that too that's not odd but yeah let's
see let's see how these uh how these come out um yeah it kind of how are we doing budget wise on
the event linda so far so good i mean i'm i'm i'm like trying to be a stickler with everything so
as much as i can negotiate and barter that's what i'm doing okay uh so before we get to laurianne uh
i want to talk about bundles with you chris so if you had to say the tour i'm working on basically i
talked to chris and i talked to jim this morning and jim was saying you know sometimes i have people
that need something a little bit different um you know again we we hit pause on uh the e5 masters
until we see that that the coaching flow is really consistent but i still want to be able to offer
some additional stuff and so do you have and chris if you don't know i'll check with jim and i'll figure
it out but do you have a sense for i know you work with jim a lot and alex talks to you a lot as well
um the the other people that come in that don't necessarily fit into aa like one person is the
person that says i already have a campaign i just need it reviewed and i need traffic like okay like
i get it that's one person what other type of person do you see yeah um the people that think what they
have is already good um you know i'm i'm good i just need somebody to review it or i'm i'm fine i just
you know um i don't need a coaching program right and so um and it got me thinking a self-starter um
a self self-study starter pack so if we built a bundle and we call it something like that right
it's a starter pack self-study i don't need your help i could do it on my own you're like okay great
here you go 7,500 right or five grand and you can go through e5 camp plus you can get maybe your
traffic um your traffic training and maybe a couple other things that we bundle in
to kind of build out this uh more robust um self-study training um so that would be one
one thought um most of the time though their stuff sucks so i mean and and so the person is either
coming from it they think their stuff is great or they don't have the budget um for it or they don't
have anything together right now um and and obviously they don't trust us and so i think that's
where it goes into the the box idea that we talked about before building that trust so maybe
in some of these cases i think if we build that trust first we may find that it's not really uh
um i can do this on my own maybe it's i just don't trust that you can do it um so i think it's it's it's
what we're hearing and what it actually is i don't think it's always the same thing right right
but but i nonetheless i still think if we build out a bundle um you know and especially if we have
some touch points along the way hopefully the self-study build some rapport and trust with us
we follow up throughout that process maybe having jim follow up after a week then three weeks yeah
you know what i mean so what we have talked about doing actually it was the offer i don't know if
everybody was on this call and it was a separate call i think it was um but we talked actually ted i
know you teddy was on this call about doing an offer where we do a true campaign assessment
that would be a paid assessment well there was the thing i sent are you talking about the thing that
i was bringing up um with having uh michael review or having somebody on the team no so it wouldn't be
michael it would be something that uh lizzie or a coach can handle where it would be well not
necessarily lizzie lizzie's over at the agency but would be something that like jim can handle or
even alex where it would be almost like when you go to uh we talk about grading the thing that i
mentioned about great i just make sure we're talking about the same thing where an assessment
where they grade it and then based on that it's like you know yeah so something like that where
you know like kind of like when you go to jiffy lube they're like hey your wipers are good this is good
this is good by the way your rear wipers are broken also uh your filters crack like it's just
they're able to do an assessment um so i think that's something that i need to do i'll keep in
mind um i'm mumbling to myself here what else any other kind of person comes to mind do you feel
like we get a lot of people who are like i need help i want to become a better writer is that a big
thing i know you guys have kind of pushed that in the past uh well i mean yeah i mean there's people
that bring up copy right copy traffic you know i just need help with traffic or you know i'm looking
for a copywriter i don't want to do it on my own right i mean that's that's a huge it's a huge
portion of the people we deal with i don't want to do it it's like you know um can't really help them
there too much uh but definitely traffic definitely copy um i would say a self-start uh self-study
starter pack um you know that that's probably a big one i don't have the budget to do this or i don't
have the time to do this right it's a great self-study starter pack you you know you can go through it for
half basically half the price you could do it all on your own um and then we just have touch
points along the way um quickly they'll find out that they can't do it and if we if we bundle in
that assessment at the end not only will you go through this the self-study starter pack but at
the end will you actually get a free assessment one of our blank blank blank we'll go ahead and
right right funnel to see if it you know see if it is a true e5 campaign and then we do a grade we
send them a grade and if it's like a d or an after what i went through all that it's still not good
yeah you're a goofball okay yeah gotcha all right good um talk to me about uh i have what i need i'll
i'm gonna finish it up i'll send it to you chris and you can let me know any thoughts again remember
i let me tell you you know what you know how much i love food yeah yeah and yet the one of the cuisines
i am least interested in whatsoever is is asian and chinese food do you know why you said asian
and you just like you went okay no no not asian okay you know i like indian food but chinese do
you know why i don't like chinese american food other than the fact that it's also a distortion
because they go there and the menu has 57 pages and a thousand choices and it's like either you have
no vision or you just left a lot of crummy things in the lineup like dude i want a menu with two pages
and items give me your best and so i don't want to become the chinese menu of coaching we're only
going to offer maybe three bundles maybe fort max to just put some bullets in jim's gun so i don't want
to be like well what about the person who's done with you but wants traffic but doesn't want this but
that right we're not becoming the chinese menu but so so just one thing to think about that on that
because i was just going to say this anyways right like if you remember we we rebuilt all the content
for the coaching program with the thought of it being legos and blocks right so wow so so you could still
have a bundle where the actual content that they get is very specifically personalized to what they
want or need or think they need right and so it's still it's from an offer standpoint it's this offer
but what they actually get could vary by person potentially um and that thing that you built that
that had a lot of diagnostic elements to it if you're here this is what would and that could be a
great solution for somebody like jim where he can easily identify boom that's where they're at this is
what i'm going to offer them because because the other part about whether whether somebody's stuff
sucks or not is is so subjective and irrelevant right like i mean we may think it sucks and but
it's working right so the question isn't whether it sucks or whether it meets all the whether it's got
a unique mechanism and it's got a lead a good lead and a big idea it's is it generating the sales you
want and if it's not why not and that could be it could be a messaging problem but it could be lots
of other problems too right and so yeah i know that makes sense that makes sense that is helpful
and i feel like that's a little different than the you know chinese menu saying like hey you're
getting this or this but the modules we're going to unlock for you or specifically like it's the other
thing where it just feels like you know i want to stick with a couple of things all right i'm mumbling
i'm good can we get to the uh laurianne math please if you don't mind blowing up your screen
walking through what you came up with uh chris yep and and of course in damien fashion you probably
don't even need to see the numbers you're going to get calculated in your head um so total she's
paid thus far is 37 479 the total she will pay wait how how did she pay 37 000 that's not right
uh she's she paid 20k for her first payment and then seven payments of 24 97 so when you were
talking about that she asked to be frozen remember yes so what she what her and i agreed to which was
her idea she said don't stop charging the the monthly payments just give extend my membership by two
months and i believe i talked to you about this before because that was back i do remember that yep
it was yeah so and and we were fine with that so we kept billing her um and you know mind you she
was still taking advantage of the quarterly calls and you know the calls that you guys had with her
separately to that um so yeah extra two months so um i'll share the numbers but we need to talk about
those extra two months because i think there's something that we need to add in there as well but
thus far um what she'll end up paying is 47 467 if she were to continue on paying so that's a number
hold on your mind 47 467 and what she communicated was hey i only took took took part of a third of
the program because in her mind she's thinking events right there's three events i went to the
events i i i've paid thus far i've paid what 37 479 so just do me a favor don't you don't have to
refund me for a third of the program but refund me the difference of what i've used the program for
and so if we look at um that number right so we take a third of the total price of the actual program
that she will have paid so a third of 47 467 comes out to 15 822 and 33 cents okay so that would be a
third of the entire price of the program you take 15 822 33 subtract it from what she's paid
right she's paid 37 000 like 22 and you get 21 656 okay pause question did she come to the first
virtual event no she came in person remember seven months when did she join october joined in october
and there was an event in october and she did come to that correct yes yes and then the next event
she missed because she had the baby because she just had the baby gotcha okay and we we did not
stream that event correct no we just provided the recordings afterwards like we did for gotcha
okay all right keep going chris yeah so so the amount that she's basically saying she wants
refunded would be 21 656 and 67 cents now i wasn't aware of the two two free months so how we want to
approach i i would i would not write that that would it's still it's still in the calculation for her
calculation of a third teddy do you want to bounce you don't need to be here for this this is not no but
but i do want to add you know i don't know if you read what i said but i mean it's like
like if you're going to give her back 15 grand and we're going to lose out on 10 grand that's
we give her back 21 000 that's that's what she's requesting 21 000 okay either way right like can we
not get streaming done for less than 21 000 like like if that's her only objection is she wants the
thing live streamed like yeah like fix that problem well let me ask you a question glenda how much was
not the whole av team like just you can send me you can send me out and i bootstrap it
i have to i have to bio for a second so when i come back i want to know how much per event
to live stream additional additional money i mean i mean it's as cheap as we want it to be i mean i
i'm not listening to you i mean the av team was 13 grand so okay um but if we do a cheaper route
i don't know like what what do you guys think teddy you that know about all that tech stuff what would
you think would be like a normal decent price for streaming i mean i could ask javi as well
because he i don't see it being super complicated he's just got to feed the two cameras into into one
i mean you need you need one person to kind of manage the the zoom meeting and the camera shots
right which we already have lizzie manning the zoom right you need some sort of mixer kind of thing
so both the video like i don't know like i don't know how to run an av team but i mean i can't imagine
it's freaking that complicated i bet it needs that full av 13 000 solution no i think we could do that
in house i mean again if we're just talking not av team we're just again going back to this isn't
going to be the same interactive you know i mean it doesn't mean that she can ask a question and we
could coordinate some way that hey by the way laurie has a question all right yeah what's her question
she says her question questions x all right great i don't think we would have to have you know it to
be super interactive like we did it before we could just set up two cameras right i don't know the cost
of two cameras i don't think they're crazy expensive um and i got two cameras from uh from josh i don't
know too much about cameras but i had them send them to me they're 4k cameras i know they record
video and so i mean we set those out so pause pause for one second uh two questions she joined october
16th or whatever it was when did she when did she pause so remember she didn't pause her billing
okay but when did she have that conversation with you that was for jan she said for january and february
since she gave birth in december gotcha okay okay yeah okay so here's here's the thing that we
also before we get to the numbers the other thing that todd said that uh he shared that was important
to him and i think there's tremendous value in it uh which is he said you know he's like now that
people can travel he goes i don't want to do a stream because i want people to come in the room
because we know that that's where they get the value that's where they get the true experience
and that's when they're going to stay with the group that the it's not meant to be consumed on a
stream and so people are just like ah you know what i was going to come but yeah you know what they
have a stream i won't come that ultimately that's going to hurt the continuity uh and renewal of the
program i and though i've kicked back on this from day from day one i i understand that position but it
it already seems like the only fruit we have right now thus far is that somebody's actually leaving
the program because it doesn't have that so i'm not saying that couldn't that's all that's all you
know though do you know what i'm saying agree that that's like andre if andre could stream the event
andre would not be coming to the u.s probably in a couple weeks and my gut tells me that him
meeting everybody in person is going to make a way bigger impact than him sitting by himself in his
same room watching it on a stream what what if what if we we change the way we position the live
stream where it's not we don't publicize it it's only i mean who right like it's basically like you
need to request it you need to get approved for it like it's not like oh anybody can jump on it it's
like there has to be a viable reason why you cannot jump on this um jump on this meeting okay
so so basically or we just don't even announce it till till till the week of you know like by the
time it's too late for anybody you know like two weeks before the event okay you know like if they
haven't made their travel arrangements but by then they're not coming anyways yeah but you're gonna
train people to know that it's that it's available right maybe that works once so my question is this
if we said okay so basically if you're in a travel restricted country or you have a medical
issue that you can't travel for a specific event we will accommodate you with a stream um but what
about all the other people that are like dude you didn't send me the link i paid 45 000 you don't
have the courtesy to send me now what if what if though it wasn't a live stream it was a one-on-one
street so we just had a laptop set up for for lori do you know what i'm saying so literally it was
like a physical something dedicated to a specific member what do you mean so it's different if
everybody's in the same room it's like dude how did you not give the link out to everybody
but if we just put her in the room like we we literally google called her from the room you know
what i'm saying we said hey lizzie she's our virtual attendee you know what we do we do we do what we
talked about last time we do like those ipads on the little robots so expensive
i i honestly i think if we if if we if we do what we just said right there are still restrictions in
some countries if you have unforeseen medical issues or something that's like extraordinary
you have to basically jump on a call you have to jump through groups to get this done and so i
think if we over communicate that i don't i don't i don't think that would be an issue and they're not
going to see it as like oh we we have a virtual side of the event it's not a virtual event it's a
live event and if you if you have these three one of these three issues or or reasons you can jump
on a call with glenda and and maybe get approved uh to show up you know virtually and i think if we did
that i mean i don't think that's going to be fair across the board i think because they're going to
see that we're going to have some people joining virtually and then what about those people that
couldn't travel because they were on vacation but they're you know domestic then they're going to feel
like okay so just because i'm not international or because i don't have a medical issue i can't join
that's you should book your vacation uh on the same time as yeah but we can't i i don't i don't
feel comfortable doing that i mean i don't feel comfortable doing that 45 000 you just made a
not just a commitment we had it we had to approve you to this group and you're not i agree with
glenda glenda i joined a 45k group and i missed an event and then the next event i come and i realized
somebody's streaming the event and i'm like dude you didn't tell me about that i would be pissed
off same 100 i would be pissed off and there's people that sometimes their schedules just
conflict because but on the flip side i'm pissed off because there isn't a stream like if i'm paying
45 000 and i'm international and i have a conflict that we need to like yeah but no we record it and
we tell them like we know that we have the biggest impact for everybody's good when everybody is
physically here and for that reason we record it so you can get the content but recording it is not
the same as me being able to ask a damn question that's that's the point the point is right i mean
you could you have a hundred other places i don't have to be there to ask a question i have to be there
for the networking for the relationships but i mean like if you're presenting content i have a question
i should be able to ask my question if i'm paying 45 grand a year well why can't you just slack
the person after you watch their presentation i mean i guess um well i i i get what you're saying
right damian like why can't you just slack somebody but i i think that goes it it's part of the
experience it's part of the experience to be able to watch it live question um live and and so
i mean this we don't have data but actually i shouldn't say we don't have data we have limited
data and the data we do have right now is that this is going to cause a refund i mean isn't it
isn't this also the issue of peter maria so now she can't come so now they want to stop
no they were already paused um because of the fact that they can't travel but
he didn't say he wants to stop for sure he just said don't bill him yet so i'm going to talk with
him about what he what is it that he needs exactly and what he's looking for but yeah
could we could we put other parameters in place where it's like hey you can only let you have to
at least attend one you know one one live event per year um you know and put some sort of
restrictions in place like again if we roll this out we have to roll this out letting everybody know
hey as you all know we were going to no longer do um you know virtual however blah blah this is what
we're going to do and these are the parameters and we set rules in place i don't think anybody's
going to look and be like well that's not fair last like we just rolled it out um i don't think
we have to worry about the past as long as we position it correctly um and put some solid rules
in place to where it's like again we don't want people to never show up so it's like okay well
how many times does somebody need to be there alive to get the experience to want to come back
i would argue for doing this right they should only have to come once to know that hey coming to
i agree i agree that getting them in the room at least once uh is key you know which obviously don't forget
for international man like you know it's another 12 easily another 12 grand a year for them to
travel to every event right like it's not a chunk of money so it might help with renewals to know yeah
i only have to commit to to once a year i get the full experience i love it i want to join another two
i can go ahead and attend virtually and teddy let me ask you a question since you uh i think you were
there for the uh return event right yeah yeah did you not did and glenn i'd like to hear from you as
well did you feel like having right so i was i was hosting as usual did you feel like having people
on the side screen added or took away from the experience or had no impact
it was fairly neutral yeah
i would agree because remember that's another reason why we didn't continue with the option of
live streaming or doing virtual because we didn't really have that big of a turnaround for that like
there wasn't that many so we didn't we couldn't justify the the cost and the expense for investing
into that like virtual component for every single um event when there was only like four people that
hopped on yeah and so that's why i'd almost rather even even if it's you know uh you know five acer
laptops and five monitors you know five little uh flat screens that we buy we buy fifteen hundred
dollars in equipment i'd rather i i for me it feels a lot better to have specific monitors for specific
people rather than having everybody on a screen and it's like wait is anybody here nobody's here and
then it looks awkward if there's like just two people in the group you know like as opposed to if
there's just one person it's like oh yeah there's our virtual attendee frank or there's frank and joe
rather than you know it just or or we don't have them on the on the screen the whole time if they
have a question we just flip it up there it's like hey laurie has a question great hey laurie boom and
we flip it and and she asks a question and then we take it off so maybe we can't see the attendees
correct yeah and i don't think i don't think we we need again because laurie doesn't see that
everybody sees her right in the sense of like so she's not recognizing and so who's that for it's
for the people in attendance well they don't really they shouldn't have they shouldn't right so i think
that's x stuff that we don't need to do and it's like somebody has a question heck i mean even if
they just heard it like hey she's gonna be coming on hey guys and then everybody hears her can you
hear me yeah i can hear you okay so my question is blah right right we can even simplify it that way
so so let me ask you a question why couldn't it just be a nice laptop in the room flipped up with
the camera pointing to whoever's presenting that's what i'm saying yeah i don't feel like it's got to
be overly complicated right okay um like we could bootstrap this thing i mean again i mean if it
worst case let's say right now we only have laurie worst case what she refunds right now she wants
a refund anyways so i mean if we can win her over and say hey we're gonna do it but again i just want
to make sure it's not at the cost of the program as a whole so i i have enough information right
now um i do want to so glenn did you reach out to laurie and yet or no no because we were
going to very good don't reach out to her yet uh set me up reach out to her today so she knows
we're on it but set up a time for tomorrow okay um i can do speak tomorrow's a little hairy
um wait wait oh yeah i have time here wait wait one second well i could do uh 12 30 tomorrow okay
okay
so reach out to her so we know we're on it i only need 15 minutes with her and then i'll make sure
to get with todd today and just kind of again if he says like absolutely no way uh jose then uh
just send me that number chris of what you calculated the credit i think you said it was
like 22 something um back to me and then uh let's go from there okay um yeah and i don't want to
belabor the point but just just had a had a thought on what we could do to deliver a decent experience
we don't have to worry about a laptop we just need a microphone make sure that everybody actually
speaks into the microphone so the person can hear um you know just one camera and a speaker like
instead of actually doing a whole like sound system thing we can literally just have a nice
some of those like small let's uh let's not worry about that yet let's just see i want to kind of
bounce it around with todd glenda is there anybody else you who who's mentioned either disappointment
or that they you know are like man i'd be a part of this but the virtual thing i just can't you know
i mean the only ones were petter and and maria because of that right
did they attend they attended virtually in october correct they did and were they going to come to
the next one virtually and then decided to pause because there was no virtual
you know what they i they didn't mention anything about attending but i'm pretty sure they would have
because they've always been very um attendee yeah yeah interactive as well and like i said maria was
already she told me for sure she was coming and now something just happened uh within this past week
that now she's not able to attend all right so just reach out to peter eric and maria just as a feeler
just say hey uh you know sorry i want to make sure everything's okay find out what's going on
and then when you do that feeler as well glenda just see like hey you know uh is it the uh you know
if one of the you know find out why they're pausing and if they're like well we can't come and it was
like oh you know actually one or two people have brought this we're considering revisiting it if there
was a stream you know would that be valuable and something that would be able to keep you active
while you're figuring out the travel stuff oh absolutely okay well now it's a little bit of a better
argument because now there's you know sixty thousand dollars of business online okay okay
i'm pretty sure the same would apply for some of the other internationals that can't travel right now
like um catherine as well oh yeah where is that yeah but she didn't come she didn't come when we had a
stream right she couldn't attend i forgot what she told me that she had some other event but
she didn't say that she she didn't make it seem like if that's all that she's worried about and
that she wouldn't renew because of that but i'm sure it would she's up for renewal next month
so i'm pretty sure that would probably push her um who else who else has never attended live
oh man uh well this well this time around edward saying um uh clayton no clayton's attended
no but not this time around i mean okay since we've been back clayton came before covid
right but he hasn't met our new batch of top one members in person um who else
edward tang is in hong kong right right oh and bronze as well she has not attended
and she also can't travel um but her partner dev is supposed to come to this one okay so
all right
oh and fernie but his has been for others because he lives in cali where's where's fernie from
fernie's in cali okay yeah what's his what's his problem so the last time for for october he actually
that's right he didn't come in october because he actually ended up taking over the company
in december so he couldn't come in february because he had some health issues and then this
time around he didn't give me a specific reason he just said that it didn't work out for him to come
so right i think scheduling and i know he's he always mentions his kids so i'm not sure if
he's he's he's like sharing custody or if it's just that he has to watch the kids more i don't know
so
okay all right all right let me get to work
thank you yep no no worries hey damien in regard to the box um when do you want to chat about that
on thursday what box potential box that we might send out no yeah just come up with something and
tell me what you come up with okay hey there was one thing that we haven't finalized yet as far as
top one event goes what's that which is the whole partner tier thing because of rob hoffman coming with
his wife and you know what i mean if you if you and chris feel like you have it handled
then i'm going to trust you guys to run with it and if anybody asks me i'm going to say talk to glenda
no i'm being honest like i i don't we don't need 10 people in the company to figure this out you guys feel
like you have your lines you feel like you can execute it then you know yeah well you had you had
voiced some some opinions when i sent you what what we our proposal um my opinions don't matter if
you feel like i i express my opinions but if you go hey we got it it's covered in what we're talking
about then it's covered okay cool
all right so that's what i'm gonna go go forward with our discussion chris the 500 for the spouse
and silent partner and then or if not i can tell you're doubting so why don't why don't we stay
on after um i wanted to get teddy's take on it too that's why i was i wanted to bring it up now but
okay all right are we good i think we're good yeah you can hop off yeah we're gonna stay on and
just talk real quick all right bye thank you so um when i sent damien what we discussed chris which
teddy by the way what what we discussed for uh like top one partners and people wanting to bring like a
plus one um so what chris and i came up with was like a two-tiered type of situation so it would be
500 for a silent partner meaning if they want to bring their spouse and have them sit in the room
with us they wouldn't be able to you know ask questions or interact per se um and that would
just be covering basically like their food and any other extra expenses that we have to invest because
of an extra person so it'd be 500 and then the only other option silent partner could include
other people as well right it should be anyone i said yeah a partner spouse but it would just be
one like they wouldn't be able to bring multiple silent partners you know it would just be one
so um and then the other option would just be if they want to have a partner included then they have
to pay the 10k per year for um that partner to have all of the all of the resources that they have
access to and that's it yeah um so i think it's you know so it's different it's definitely different
you know whether the part you know if the partner's in slack and they can ask questions and they're
like but i mean like the silent person in the room spouse or even just a business colleague uh just
sitting in kind of listening like i would say that they should get one free per year that rolls over
so like rob's been in the program three years like theoretically he should be able to bring somebody
three times for free at this point i mean his he's brought his wife before right so he's already kind
of used those up but i mean i think that was only you know the only time he brought his wife was all the
way back in uh when we went to gatlinburg and then he brought her to one live event that i was at
but that was i'm saying i i think you know one freebie a year probably makes sense that's a good
value add yeah you want you know want to bring your spouse or whatever or get somebody and then after
that it's
yeah after that it's
because there's still no reason to pay for a spouse right so you still want your spouse to come
but well and i'll tell you why we said it is because they're going to be eating food taking
i know there's there's definitely a price for it but it shouldn't be
there should be a price to be able to bring somebody have them sit in the room but not be
part of top one not be on the coaching calls with todd not be in slack like if they're gonna be in
the minute they're in slack it's 10 grand
or you know uh or they're gonna be on the coaching calls with todd asking questions whatever
like any of that like for for john benson for instance like like even though john's not fully
engaged and leanne is kind of doing everything i don't know if he paid extra for leanne but leanne
should be paying 10k yeah they didn't right they agreed on some type of i don't know something with
todd i think yeah i know i'm sure it was a special deal but um but i mean that's the type of scenario
where right leanne that's on the calls it's leanne that's in slack it's leanne that'll probably
attend the event not i don't know if she's attending this time i know
and he he was but he had to back out last minute gotcha so um i mean we could we could put another
clause in there that um somebody from your team can come in in in the place of you we just can't have
two people in the room assuming that you know what i mean right in addition so so teddy right now rob
hoffman um he just texted last week and told me oh yeah me and sarah and ted are coming we're so
excited and i was like what because i didn't know and ted is his like right hand right right right right
so i had no idea that he was planning on bringing ted i didn't even know that sarah was coming because
they kind of have been really busy and he was actually in the hospital recently as well
so he just confirmed because i kept reaching out to him sarah ted i wasn't receiving any response
and then finally last week he's just like yeah we're all coming i already booked blah blah blah
so then i was just like oh yay and i'm thinking like does he think that he's bringing ted and sarah
to the you know so i mean i mean look for rob i would say we should make an exception just because
i say i said the same thing he hasn't made a lot of events because they conflicted with his
with his summits yep yep yep that's how i felt too i was thinking like oh man i i kind of don't want
to tell rob like oh well you can't bring them when he's been with us for like years like three plus
years and he's also hasn't been able to make all the events because they've always been at the same
time as his summits but he's still been what was that basically paying and i would say this yeah
just just know that whatever we roll out you should have a private conversation with them and let them
know just be like hey just so you know like this is actually the policy that we have don't worry about
this event don't worry about it all you know going forward um you know and and i wouldn't say going
forward but don't worry about this event so he knows but also so that he knows that he's actually
getting a deal um you know what i mean that it isn't like just everybody can because i would hate for
him and mention that to people like oh you pay 10k i didn't i just you know right right right
so what do you think teddy do you think i should allow him to bring both of them
or charge him 500 for sarah because they're technically both like his business but like
sarah's like always with him working with him and so is ted so uh i'm not again with with him i would
say we probably let it slide this one time but if they want to come again then then yeah they
definitely have to pay okay um i agree with that so i'll just let them know like hey we typically
don't allow um i don't know extra we only we typically only allow one extra guest and if if they're not a
silent partner meaning that they're not involved um that they're not going to be involved in the
actual event aka speaking and all that asking questions um you know then they you know there's
a ten thousand dollar partner charge um however you know obviously we'll go ahead and wave that for
you you know blah blah and hey just going forward just give me a heads up and we can talk details
yeah and we just have to figure out what we're rolling on we when we first started talking we had
three tiers we brought it down to two um so originally we had you know your partner fee of 10k
then we had a um you know per event so if they're like hey i just want to bring my partner to one
event so we i know i forgot what we we said on that i don't know if you wrote that down we were
saying first we were saying 5k a year and then you said that it would be that's too low that we should
do like 25 to 3k per event so if they want to just show up so it'd be like top one partner
it should be the same price it should be 2500 or 10k a year
2500 per event is that what you said yeah but they don't get access to slack so they just get
access to the to the event i don't think that's bad 2500 they can they could show up and get involved
they could be involved yeah i wonder if they don't want to commit to adam for a year for 10 grand
then great then you can pay for however if they ended up attending all four events then you pay the
10 grand anyways the uh the other option might be and again i don't you can keep it simple don't
need to add complexity but there could be an opportunity to hey if you pay in full you can
add a partner for just 5k
yeah that's not a bad idea that is not a bad idea no i think that's i think that's a good revision
so top top one so we're going back to our original um which is top one partner 10k
uh top one event partner so that's tier two top partner um 2500 per event they don't don't get
access to slack or any of the extra benefits just simply just the event and then three is the the
silent partner at 500 um the question is do we want to do um they get five maybe that's that's
included if you pay in full you get you know your spouse you get not only a only 5k to have a have
a partner or um we will waive the 500 silent partner fee and you get one you know you you get
one free um silent partner to come to your event if you pay in full
i think everybody should get like one kind of silent maybe not even partner i would say spouse
right like i think they should be able to bring their spouse to at least one event for free uh
and again because you just think about it like you know we all go we don't bring our spouses but
like whenever i bring my wife to an event like she's either stuck in the hotel room all day
by herself and then if there's a dinner thing as well like if i leave her out of that then i'm just
like blowing her off the entire day right so it makes sense if you if you want to bring your spouse
even if they don't sit in the event even if they're just going to come to the meals like you should be
at least be able to do that once so the spouse can meet everybody and know what the hell you're doing
potentially but yeah my my only concern is is the cost and if everybody if now there's a rule in
place will everybody bring their spouse at least one and and all of a sudden you know but i think
i think everybody's done it anyways to some degree like i've brought my spouse glenn kowalski's brought
his spouse rob certainly brought his he always went glenn's wife always went to everything uh you
know james and yar are paying for for for two or one and a half whatever they're paying for but
they don't really count trying to think if anybody else has been there
yeah jim baker we've allowed him to bring his wife to the meals
um both both times he came in october and in february and we allowed him to bring her um and we
covered her meals for dinner just for dinner and it was only for the um off-site dinner yeah so she
didn't go she didn't come to lunch she didn't attend the lunches and she also i would figure based
on that like you know what's the total meal cost for three days including the networking meals
and even the lunches if they come in for lunch
and we came up with 500 that's our cost
so if let's just say on average what do we think would would show up what's a good number four or five
silent partners in an event they're not going to attend every every part of the event either so i
don't think they're going to consume all 500 you know i don't even know if four because a lot of
them will travel alone like a lot of the guys they come alone the only one that comes with their spouse
is always jim baker um of course james and yada andrew which is not really the top one member
so yeah it's not even that many of them and then now rob hoffman he usually does travel with his wife
but when he came in october he had to come alone so it's not even that many of them i don't think
that would be traveling with their spouse now that i think back on it what do you think do you think
um you get one free i'd say one a year silent partner and we'll i'd say still call it silent partner
because again i want to i want to push the idea that they're silent um and that they're not it's not
like oh my spouse is also my business kind of business partner and she wants to get involved
and when it starts changing changing the dynamic of the event it needs to be very clear even in the name
like okay so you're bringing one one silent partner correct yes my spouse okay so i got you down
for one one top one silent partner um and so it's just overly communicated that hey this isn't like
you can be involved um in this event and so i i the only i guess the upside i see in it is
it's minimal cost to us right maybe an extra 1200 bucks at probably at most 12 1600 probably at max
extra cost um but is there a perceived value that they might not use it but just to know that they can
is that going to add at a level of um i think so i think so because we don't necessarily have to
advertise it we can just when somebody uh somebody says that right partner i prefer to do that actually
let's not advertise it yeah i wasn't thinking of advertising it either because then that kind of
opens it up for everybody to just like feel like oh sure let's do it so but at least i'm because at least
that way like if somebody shows up with a partner but then they didn't tell us then at the event you'd
be like all right hey you know we we usually do one of these free because you know the meals obviously
cost us money etc etc so you know it's fine it's fine that you brought her this time if you want to
bring bring them again though it's going to be x and you just tell them it is my taste basis as they
show up and if so be involved and then you can let them know and hey by the way you know mention
that that you know yes it's your spouse but she's also um kind of a you know a huge part of your
business just to let you know i mean you know this is what this is what these basically are the tiers
um we'll let it go this time but if you do want her to be involved in this event
actually be an extra blah blah and and just do it that way i'm still i'm still leery like i was
before about the 2500 for one event because you're saying that we would only so they would pay 2500
to bring their whatever uh associate or or spouse if they want to be involved and they want to interact
but they wouldn't have access to slack or anything else so they're just paying 2500 just to come
sit in the room ask a couple questions and then go to lunch with us that's what we're saying yeah
yep well to lunch all the meals all the networking the open bar whenever we have it uh and the ability
to be in the room i think it's i mean because remember if we we don't want to devalue it right the
minute we say oh yeah you bring your partner it's only you know a thousand bucks we're like
but this event is so worth it you know every time that we pitch it we we position it we position that
each each event is worth how much money you know it's like just the event alone is worth 45 three
you know three events alone it could be worth i don't know what we say but 30 to 40k it's like then
the minute we say oh you can you can bring your partner for a thousand bucks we're you know so i think
2500 is still really low given the fact of of how much value they can get from the event and again if
they're like really just answer a couple questions and i'd say hey if all you're expecting
your partner to ask is a couple questions just you ask those questions and have your partner say say
silent it's like yeah i mean i i think the math makes sense then right because you know 45 grand a
year let's that's four events let's 10 grand an event if they're if they're silent in the room
they're only participating about 25 percent of the experience technically to some to some degree
you know because they're not they're not in the campaign calls they're not on slack they're not
so 25 we only have three events now remember not four oh well we're slacking
let me actually at even because there's only three events so you're splitting that 45
three events that's 15k an event yep
yeah i i think 2500 is fine that's that's what you would pay to go
to bring spouse to pretty much any event okay so write write that out you get three tiers now
um you know top one partner top one event partner top one silent partner three tiers you get you get
comped one um you know one silent partner uh per year and then there's a painful um you know i i don't
know about the painful discount for the top one partner maybe make that something separate
with with damien so you don't bundle that in right now just be like hey these are the tiers
once he once he's settled with that then present the idea of hey by the way i think it'd be a
really you know tech brought this up on our call i think would be a really great idea um you know
if we did a painful uh you know you can you can bring your partner 50k even if they pay them full
yep got it i will add to the what i sent damien which i already had written up the other part but
i'll just add the 2500 part and the the freebie partner a year that rolls and make sure you
resend it to him so he sees the tears um because if you don't he'll only read that one line he'll
forget the other line so just make sure you put them yeah i'm gonna send them the whole thing
okay cool and then together last thing is your sheet that that sheet that we have that has all
just add another tab there or maybe even i don't want to clutter up that one but it's up to you
but have some way to track that you know if they brought this oh yeah i'll probably just add
another sheet to that same like another tab to that sheet because that it's too it's too long as it is
now you know i'm saying you're talking about the snapshot yeah yeah i agree i'm just going to add
another tab in the same sheet and that way i can just refer back to it okay cool all right thank you
teddy for your help and chris yeah absolutely all right we'll see you guys all right take care have
a good one
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
