---
title: "Level 10 2022-10-31 16:00:40"
date: 2022-10-31
duration: 13m
duration_seconds: 833
vimeo_id: 765766948
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2022-10-31 16:00:40

**Date:** 2022-10-31 | **Duration:** 13m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up? Hello. Oh you Mr. Teddy Garcia, Teddy. Garcia is doing good.

Eddie Garcia's doing good good. It's a is that was rich excited about how he did. Which is very well mature. I'm Dr. Richard because he was at he was in Vegas last week.

But yes, Michelle and the team are excited. Oh great. That's great. That's great. So yeah, I just want to say yeah.

I know I left the video but just want to say across the board. Just great job right like this is this is what we do. I mean look at it. We had you know, we very specifically structured this year and said, hey, we're not gonna We're not gonna make our year on home run swings. This is the biggest the only and the biggest thing in the bat.

We took all year and not only did it go well, but it went well without pandemonium Right. There was no major fires from support from Partners from right to Partners were happy. The tech was smooth. The customers have been good. You know where I have no doubt that will finish that, you know, Crystal button up fulfillment and that all go well and so it's great.

Right, you know Partners will make some good money. And so it puts us in a good position to really finish this year really strong. And so kudos to use anybody have any special lunch plans. No, no. Okay.

Yeah tomorrow tomorrow I will okay. Yeah, like I said just a little something from Todd and I that you know, you know, we don't work together. So we can't all go out for lunch. And Todd was like maybe we should like we send Pizza to everybody's house. We could like eat it on Zoom together.

I was like the sound through sounds really complicated. Oh, so I just wanted to you know, okay just just a little something to, you know, treat yourself to a little launch and know that you're your value and cared for so keep up the good work. Appreciate that and by the way food is food is always a good way that when definitely wins me over so a nice lunch food always blesses the heart. Okay, that's good. That's good.

Well, we won't be on a very long for today. I have a call with Todd. It's all 15 to start planning our November and December. We have a top one rundown at 115. And so just wanted to kind of give a you know, this not a post-mortem at all.

But just a quick post just an update high level of what's going on in the world right now of our business. So obviously decade plus came to a close very excited to see that after the buzzer. We've already brought in about nine brand both from I guess they were either people whose orders were declined or save the link on their browser and order after the buzzer, you know plus second chance at Laura's and so those fantastic to see we brought in about an extra nine grand after the launch close. So that's always that's always welcome. With the Fulfillment of that, you know, we're gonna set aside some for future top one members.

We have some for shipping this app. So, you know, In all transparency, I would like to sell maybe another 10 units but 215 puts us in a really good a great spot in terms of win and also leads us enough units for mishaps new top one members rush rufino and other random stuff that comes up we'll have the A to Z, uh Ride Along going out with that and so obviously Kristen Teddy, you know, I know you looked at that coordinator and URLs, I'm gonna be meeting with Todd today to have him go over my updates to that an easy page specifically we have to work through how we're gonna handle the deadline because we're kind of torn like Todd wants to be able to Pitch A to Z on the live Workshop that we do in a couple weeks, you know the date of that by anyway chances I've been scheduled yet. Well not set up yet. Okay. Chris is up in scheduled yet.

No, no A to Z. Sorry the swap file Workshop. The bump Workshop. Okay. So basically Todd does want to be able to Pitch A to Z on the swipe file Workshop right?

Because people spend time with us, they're like enamored and then it's like well, hey you want to continue to get trained by me blah blah blah. And so so we're kind of working through whether we put a hard deadline on the page or not and how we do that with everything else. But that's that and then Chris obviously, we'll start working. Let's get partners paid as soon as quickly as possible people love getting paid fast. It makes people feel happy and and all warm and fuzzy inside.

And by the way, Teddy, I know I saw that screenshot. She already dropped everybody all the partners in there. So I it sounds like you look through them. So everything good go on that I just want to double check. I think so.

I didn't see the orders that came in. So that was doesn't set. Well, I was a Saturday. Let me just check the the original order that came in over the weekend. I'm gonna okay.

So this at this point Chris CC me but I'd like you to take over communication with the partners because now it's gonna start coming into the hey, I thought I was getting paid on this guy. Hey, did you send it to this PayPal? And if I'm in the middle of that it's gonna turn into a mess. Why don't you see see me in on the final communication letting them know like hey, Chris is actually director of Ops gonna be working on getting you guys paid out and then from there, I mean the communication is usually it should be minimal because they should just their account. Yeah, there will be no arguing of who I'm manually reviewed every single order and track down who the affiliate was so there was no there's no changing of Affiliates at this point.

So do we have the performance update posted or no? would mean Oh the dashboard thing no, like there are new orders that came in since since I posted that then I gotta just check those. Okay that that yeah. So Chris if you could just send everything when you send I'm just gonna send I'm sending to be clear because I think what Teddy said was spot on when you leave room for conversation conversation happens. There's there's no room for conversation.

So it should just be close out. You can see see me. Hey if you have any questions, you know, but it shouldn't it shouldn't be it should just be the end of the conversation which is the next step is you're gonna get money if they don't get money in their account. That's when they reach out to me, but the amount and all the quantity like that stuff just yeah, so just just post up post up the final stats for me Teddy, please after this call, okay. and it may not even be any different but it's only upside.

for um So, I'm sorry last thing Teddy if you can just shoot me at or whenever you double check again, just shoot me a screenshot like you did before that'll work for me. Just you. So so anyways top one, you know, we we renewed Kyle which is great. We review Apollo which is great. And then we have two new members.

I think the both of them are gonna be great additions. Philippe was referral from Lucas and Jen from the War Room space young guy from Southern Florida hungry humble marker. He'll do fantastic in this other guy page or I mentioned you teddy really Mission driven, but successful another young guy young house or another Hispanic. I actually Latino guy pretty sure yeah pager. Yeah, and and I think they're gonna be great additions and this so this month in November, I'll find Elise Todd and I are gonna work on kind of the marketing counter a little bit, but we'll probably see we'll definitely see some sort of an E5.

Yeah top one promotion won't necessarily be like an all out. It might just be emails and stuff like that to try to see you know, And a year people start thinking about what do I want to do next year and then we'll probably also see any five promotion this month since we didn't sell any E5 really at all last month. And then we'll go from there. Um, and did you say russino was joining? No, I said rust for Fino asked for a decade plus swipe file and private and it's Todd and was like dude.

How do I get one and top is like I'll hook you up. I'll send you one. and so, uh So that is uh, that is that and then you know, super good job getting that soft off or stuff all wired up. We saw our first two soft offers coming in Teddy. So that's always exciting to see something new converting our goal.

There is well, I just real quick. So Chris there is a tag in the cancel category for that soft offer to secret email persuasion trial cancel tag or something like that that will cancel a subscription and remove their access just so we're Yeah, appreciate that. Thank you. So under under the cancel category. Mm-hmm sweets your email persuasion trial.

Okay. Um and so what else was I gonna say? So our goal right now with that is we're getting leads at roughly around almost sub four dollar closer to around 350 on email swipe. And so my hope is if we can liquidate have a self liquidating offer with the soft offer that gets us to at least 50% Roi that'll essentially adjust our league cost of some two dollars and that's something I would feel comfortable scaling one thing. I love this week Teddy.

I know it was crazy last week. I'm sure there's gonna be some clean up and button up stuff today. But this week, can you please take a look and just take a look back on say the last on an hour 45 days of new first time from the email subject swipe file and see how we seen any buyers. Did anybody buy us white file that anybody buy the offer before the swipe file, right? Let's just see if we're if we're starting to get those, you know something other than obviously the email persuasion follow-up, you know.

Yeah. Would you say past 45 days? Yeah, yeah, whatever 45 day whatever data tells some sort of a story. That is helpful. Yeah.

So that makes sense. Mm-hmm. And so, uh, yeah. So that is that. and I think that is pretty much all that's that's happening right now.

Anybody have any special needs? No, okay. I desperately desperately needs to take a quick break my next call and so you get a bonus two minutes on top of your bonus hour and 15 minutes back in your schedule Glendale. I'll see you through the VIP run down at 1:15. And Teddy and Chris if you need anything, let me know Teddy.

Okay, you're going like you look at pictures of sentence that's waiting to. To you know, I was right so we don't it just we're not on that top one call at 15. Oh, no. So the top one call is we started something. So we have a top one planning call that I think is in a week.

Okay. Thanks call is What's called the VIP rundown. So I told Glenda that I that I want me her and Todd every month to just go Name by name and say when was last time somebody talked to this person. Oh, I'm talking to him. Oh Todd just met with them just to make sure that we don't have members, you know to do our proactive about not having members go MIA.

Perfect Glenda. What I do need is please coordinate a call with me Todd and John we need to talk about kind of agency plan. Okay. Okay. Is that for next week?

I mean John wants to meet as soon as possible. So it's really up to Todd. Okay. Okay. All right.

See you later. Sorry guys, okay.
