---
title: "Level 10 2023-05-22 15:26:35"
date: 2023-05-22
duration: 30m
duration_seconds: 1845
vimeo_id: 829101295
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-05-22 15:26:35

**Date:** 2023-05-22 | **Duration:** 30m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Yo. Yo. Howdy, howdy. How you doing, man? Right.

How are you? Doing good. Doing good. So, uh, got, got our place in Arizona finally. Okay.

Settled in. Yeah. Well, we, we haven't moved yet, but we're, we're moving on. Our lease ends June 10th, so, um, which is something I'm gonna be bringing up on the call, which Damien obviously already knows, but, uh, we finally got a place, though, which is kind of exciting. Uh, I mean, here's the good news.

Everything everywhere, doesn't matter what city you're in. Is, is ex is unbelievable. It's so wild. So I kid you now Roanoke, Virginia, right? I, I don't have to explain to you.

Roanoke, Virginia, I don't think is like Roanoke. Oh, is that like, that must be super bougie. It's not bougie, right? I'm in Roanoke, Virginia. Um, our rent in Roanoke, Virginia for a three bedroom apartment is actually more than what we're renting.

A, a half a million dollar townhouse in a really nice area in Phoenix. But here's the, here's the thing about prices right now, we can either live in the hood for 2300 a month, or we can live in a nice neighborhood for 2300 a month. You can either live in Roanoke, Virginia, in the hood for 2300, or in a nice neighborhood, 2300, or you can live in Phoenix, like, it doesn't matter everyone. Yeah. 2300.

That's just what we're gonna charge you. I'm like the, is there any variant in price? Like, we've thought, like we were thinking like, okay, well maybe let's figure out some of like, like where it's, it's, you know, it's up and coming. Like, you know, it doesn't have to be super, super bougie. And I'm just like, they're like 22, 50.

I'm like $50 and I, I live in the homeless camp, or I spend an extra $50 and I'm, I can pretty much live out anywhere. So, um, it's, it's a, it's, it's wild. But we found a place, so that's good. And you like it out there? Or it's just, just the climate is suitable?

Uh, well, the climate was, was perfect, uh, for, for them. I mean, there was no other, other than one place they went into which comparison to here, which is every place has issues. Um, they, they only walked into one place that they actually, um, reacted to, uh, which was amazing. So, yeah, climate was perfect. We liked Phoenix too.

On top of that, um, I, I really, uh, I dug it, you know, I, the suburb areas are really nice. Um, and that's where we would be living anyways. You know, you have Costco, you have all the stuff you'd want. Um, and it's new, which is great. Cool.

How you guys doing? Good? Yeah. Anything? Doing Hard to hear you a little bit.

No, can't hear you. Is that better? Yeah, It's better. I dunno why. I know.

What's up with these headphones and maybe they're done. Anyways, everybody doing pretty good? Pretty good? Yep. Yeah.

Thank you. Cool, man. Well, uh, we got a little bit of a lot to cover. I do have a hard stop at 12. Um, Teddy, when do you leave for Perry?

Later this afternoon. Nice. You excited? Yeah, I'm looking forward to it. Yeah, I was just, I was just thinking about how, how every time I've been in Chicago, my life has changed fairly dramatically.

Not just, but just like every time I've been there, there's been a fundamental shift that's happened. So it was e either, it's Kinda, it's kind of exciting. Yeah. Yeah. It's kinda exciting.

Cool. You gonna s event? What's that? Perry Marshall? I'm gonna Perry Marshalls.

Yeah. Um, cool, cool. So, uh, so cool. So all is, uh, I'm just gonna cover a lot of, a lot of, a lot. Um, we'll, uh, we'll talk about bullets.

We'll get updates. Uh, some are top one is right around the corner. Um, and then, uh, we'll cover anything else. Uh, you know, obviously copy legends not around the corner, but, you know, kind of get an update on there. And so let's start with bullets.

So as you know, uh, we ran the book funnel last week. Um, just good job all around, just coordinating, uh, you know, good to see us just firing bullets, not making it seem like it's the first time we ever did it. It just kinda is going smoothly. I think we did around a hundred books, um, which for a, you know, AOV was a little bit lower than I would've expected it or liked it to see, uh, to see it. That said, uh, I'm hoping that I asked Teddy if we sold an E five and we did.

We, I believe so. Yeah, let's check. Um, which, you know, we kind of changed the, the, the upsell sequence on that campaign to focus on E five, which obviously is a higher ticket, uh, balances out very quickly. But again, you know, our goal for low tickets is, you know, Hey man, if we can clear 5k, keep our buyers buying from us, uh, it's a win. And so, you know, on the, uh, copy boarding, which we converted to a sales letter, that went well, we did around, uh, 4,000 or so plus we sold in a Bora copy school, which gets us north of 5k on the book.

We're right around five 4K or so. We got a couple copy call subscribers, and if we sold an E five, then that puts us over the 5k. And so, you know, we're just chugging away, chugging away. Um, Teddy is spurring his brow. No, I'm good.

I'm just, okay. Uh, yeah, one, one E five Fuller pipeline, uh, pay plan. Okay, cool. Um, and then again, you know, the hope is that, you know, we get people getting the book. Uh, obviously it's, uh, it's our, our landmark thing, and so we're getting into more people's hands.

That's a good thing. Next. Uh, so this week we have barn book happening. Um, uh, I updated some of the headlines again, we're gonna go with, uh, again, another two day sequence. We're not gonna go with a, with a four, a three day click sequence.

So it's just a two day click sequence. Um, I did my work and keep, I updated the subject lines. We can fire that, uh, tomorrow if that's good for everybody. It's already live. I launched it last night, or it can already be live.

Yeah, I didn't hear what you said, but I think we should have it go live. Yeah. Okay. So that's, uh, so that is live. So next week, uh, we're gonna be doing your winning offer.

Uh, we're gonna be doing it to a sales letter rather than a bsl, which is what we've typically done. Chris also sent out postcard supporting it. Um, so that doesn't need to be ready, we said by Friday. Is that right, Chris? Correct.

Um, and so Teddy, uh, John Moray actually offered to help since I'll be traveling with Todd to Brazil. And so as soon as you have a bare bones sales letter version of that, you can just post it up and ping John to clean it up. Can you ask Todd, since you're with him, if he's got the original script already transcribed so we can skip that? Yeah, let me ask him right now. And uh, Teddy, I I, I remember I asked you the, the question, it's probably in Slack, but um, in regard to the URL for that, for the postcard offer postcard, yeah.

Yeah. We're gonna have a go straight to the, uh, so the postcard will, um, have a QR code, the QR code for the offer to be able to go to, uh, sales page. Got it. Yeah, I'll set up, I'll set up a, a redirect link and then, uh, you can point to postcard at that and I can Okay. Sweet Justin as needed from there.

Awesome. Um, okay. All right. Yeah, so, uh, I just asked Todd for that. I'll let you know.

Um, but we'll get that over to John. Obviously John is, uh, even better than I am now. I have some quick funnel skills, and so we'll get that page looking good. Uh, we'll get your winning offer out. Uh, I'm assuming I can go into the, uh, bullet already and tweak subject lines and stuff like that, right?

Setting? Mm-hmm. Okay. So, And I've already, I've already proofed that one, so, um, if you can just let me know what you do change that way for efficiency wise. There won't be, I, I mean, if you're good, it won't be anything other than subject lines and stuff like that, which I Okay.

That, That's fine. Um, okay. And then, uh, we're also, so we ran some, uh, SSS two, uh, which was John's AI off vertical traffic. We did some Facebook, we also did some, uh, uh, what Mcca, we also did some, uh, we did Facebook, we also did some YouTube, uh, numbers were just app, uh, really, you know, it was just a reminder that, uh, it really, you, you know, traffic is equally, if not more about an economic game than it is about a messaging game. And so when you go out with a $47 offer and clicks are still five bucks, six bucks, four bucks, very hard to make a $47 offer work.

So John's, uh, going back to retool and basically come up with a, you know, same topic, AI for media buying, or come up with something that will warrant a 2 97, 3 97 price point, um, that will also have a lead capture on the front. So we'll be able to get back to that strategy where we're capturing leads. Um, and we're also generating sales, and we hopefully can get the offer strong enough where, you know, we're capturing leads and building our list at little to no cost, right? So that if we're firing bullets, we have fresh bodies coming in the door. And they'll be more around that strategy in terms of, okay, well they're coming in on an AI media, how do we introduce 'em to mfa?

What's John's positioning? What's, what's the position of E five and Todd Brown? We'll figure that all, but, you know, just wanna let you guys know that we have stuff working in the background, uh, on that since, uh, our previous front end offer was not, uh, was not running, uh, and bringing in the numbers we wanted. And so that's, that's where we're headed with that. Does that make sense?

Yeah. Why not just raise the price on that offer, Um, to 2 97? It's worth it. I mean, I told them from the beginning, Do you think it would sell a 2 97? I mean, you might have to rewrite the copy, you know, have to flush out the copy a little bit more than, than the AppSumo looking page.

But, uh, I think the value's there in terms of what's in there and what it does, and, you know, I've seen the rave reviews he's gotten like in Benson's AI group from it and stuff like that. So I think from proof and testimonial standpoint, he could, he could stack it. Hold on. Message. I'm, I'm just saying before you go build something completely different, like just, I would test that at least.

Yeah. Okay. Cool. Good, good wisdom, Teddy. Dig it.

Um, alright. And then as you know, Todd and I leave for Brazil tomorrow morning. Um, so we'll be there. What's that? Hello.

All right, so we, we leave for Brazil tomorrow morning. Uh, we'll both be there. Uh, we're both presenting on Friday. We have our E five translated book, thanks to the, uh, laborious, uh, and fine work of Chris that's been translated and we'll be there. You've confirmed delivery and all that.

Everything's good, Chris. Yeah, I'm Actually gonna be confirming with her again today, but last time I talked to her last week, uh, she was, she was good to go. Uh, they're, they're in the same city, so it's just gonna be a matter of it can't get there before. Uh, we only have a small window, so, um, everything looks good. It's already printed.

She showed me a video of it. We're good. Okay. Okay, cool. Um, alright, so, uh, you wanna just give us a, a two minute rundown, Glen, of, uh, updates on top one, Um, Upcoming summer event, just headcount, uh, all that other exciting stuff.

Yeah. Um, so right now, Oh yeah, that's right. You have no voice. I'm sorry. I'm gonna talk for you.

Uh, okay. So, uh, I totally, totally forgot that, uh, uh, even though she told me that like 60 minutes ago. So, uh, so good. So, so, uh, so yeah, so we have, you know, pretty much the, the usuals coming in, um, did, you could just nod. Did, uh, is it look like Maria's gonna be able to come in?

I know she was cut. Oh, she is. That's great. So Peter, Eric's wife, Maria's gonna be there, which is fantastic. Um, and we'll actually be seeing Peter, Eric, he's flying in with a handful of his clients, specifically to Brazil because he wanted to be Apollo's event.

We wanted to, you know, see me and Todd in person hang out. So we'll be spending time with his clients. We'll take some pictures, we'll post them up, uh, and stuff like that. And that's the same thing, Teddy. You know, like I always say, you know, when we go places, like when you're at Perry's event, I'm sure you're gonna see at least one other top one member take a great picture with 'em, post it, like, Hey, top one family hanging out of here at Perry's event.

Can't wait to see all. Uh, it just makes every, you know, shows 'em that our network, our community, our family is bigger than just the three times a year we get together. Same thing, like when we're in Brazil, we'll post all pictures of Todd and I Brazil with Peter, Eric with Apollo, uh, uh, if, uh, Felipe is up coming down, which he may, um, so on and so forth. Uh, so everything is looking good for the event. We are gonna do that casual cocktail hour, uh, which we can just kind of talk through again.

Uh, I would plan to do like oven, oven based apps, uh, from like Costco. Costco does good, uh, good apps, or you can even do fresh market, something like that. Don't need to be anything crazy. Just heat up apps in the oven on trays, uh, have, you know, have Teddy making this old fashioned some music playing just a little chill out. Uh, we'll have two people in from our intensive, uh, which, uh, Chris is gonna be.

So just to be clear, we'll talk, we'll talk about them in a second. But we have two people coming in, uh, Elliot and, uh, right, both who are, uh, I think would be they, they, they like us a lot, have the right size businesses. Uh, I think they're both top candidates. We're gonna be, uh, servicing, uh, Kate McKibben as well. I figured since she was flying in from Australia and we're doing the intensive day, I was like, man, let's go to the distance for her.

She's brand new. Let's really spend some extra time with her and have our leadership team work with her. And so we'll be putting her through the intensive day as well. Um, really super excited. Glenda got boots on the ground and became a, uh, a food in aficionado of Orlando and ate through, I don't know, four or five, six different restaurants and food trucks in different places and found some absolutely delicious places.

And so she's gonna be sending me some menus. Uh, we'll be finalizing some food, but we just found some, some really knockout food, uh, that we think is just gonna completely step up the game. Uh, I'll be cooking as well, uh, on the first night, uh, which super excited about that. Um, I'll have to be a little bit tricky. I'll probably gonna need a little bit of little bit extra help in hands just because we have that intensive day happening.

So it's gonna throw off my prep day a little bit. I mean, I don't, you know, me, I don't mind. I'll, I'll prep until 2:00 AM in the morning. That's fun for me. Uh, but I might need a little bit of help.

Um, and that's about it. You know, the other thing that's important is that, uh, so I worked on a schedule with Chris, so I've asked somebody say something. No, no. But I, what I will say is I did send you over, um, obviously the updated, uh, version on Friday. Yeah.

And I replied to you. Yeah, yeah. No, I know. Okay. Um, and so the, the way the intensive day will work, um, is, and we'll have another call about this before, we'll have a little call, we'll probably add time to this as well before we, before we, uh, have the actual thing.

But, uh, you know, well, basically everybody goes in order. We blocked everybody together. So like, your three sessions, Teddy are back to back to back. So you're not like, you don't have like a 9:00 AM a two and then a five, right? You have like a, like a one, two, and a three, right?

So, and you know, and again, for each of us, it'll be specific, right? So it's not just like, dude, tell me about your right. It's, Hey, you know, we're here to talk about your tracking, your segmentation, your tech stack, your email deliverability. I'm there like, Hey, bust out your financials. Tell me what's going on in your financials.

Tell me about your team structure, your team management, your roles, your scorecards, right? You know, Paul will hop in, show me your main offer, show me your messaging. John will say, Hey, show me your traffic metrics. Show me the ad platforms and the ad you're running, title hop. Say, Hey, tell me the offers you currently have.

Explain to me your model, your, you know, your price points and stuff like that. And so we'll all just hit very specific points. Um, I will bookend the experience, so I'll be welcoming at the beginning. I'll be saying goodbye to them at the end. Uh, and so I, I, I think, we'll, you know, while we did not, uh, while I'm, while I'm extremely unexcited about our inability to sell it through marketing, um, I am very excited to know, uh, because I know that we're gonna blow 'em out of the water.

And so I'm really excited about that. Um, do we need the screening projector for Tuesday? No, thank you, Chris. Um, so Chris, since Chris is moving, Chris is not gonna be at this top one. Um, and so, uh, I've asked Chris very specifically, um, Chris is gonna be doing all the coordinating of the intensive day.

So Glenda, I I'm taking that off your plate, uh, just because logistically just made sense, uh, didn't need to be on your plate. Um, I just started to put it on your plate since you do events. But the, you know, the more they experience sort of, the more I thought about like, okay, like this is coordinating clients and coaching, like, man, I should have Chris do this. Um, so Chris will be doing that, of course, though, he will have somebody designated who will be boots on the ground for him, uh, during the day since he will not be there. So Glenda, um, do you have somebody you think that will be available at best just to help usher people between their sessions and make sure people flow?

I don't want it to be you, I want you to be free. So I'm, you know, either Lizzie, Michelle, or if there's someone else. I'm not thinking of Either one of them's the one, either Lizzie or Michelle. They're, they're both gonna be there by then. Okay.

So Chris, I'll, I'll Chris, what was that, Chris? Yeah, I can, um, I'll follow up with, uh, Lizzie and we'll, and we'll, uh, we'll do that. Lizzie will be there though on, on the Tuesday. Okay. She's Gonna be there Monday.

So she'll be there Monday. Okay, perfect. Yeah, I'll, I'll work with, uh, Lizzie on that then. Okay. Um, in the meantime, uh, Chris Jay show is still, uh, I'm not saying she, there's anything for her to do, but she's making sure to be responsive to those, uh, copy legend people, reply to them if there's any inquiries coming in and all that stuff.

Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And then remember, then remember once Todd's back in the saddle next week, I'll get the copy legend schedule from him, and we'll get that second welcome pack out, and then we'll also kind of do our final push for, for people. Okay?

Okay. Perfect. Yeah, just, uh, uh, And, and by the way, when, honestly, most of that final push will just be talking with Todd and deciding like, Hey dude, who do you have a relationship with that you want to ping and make sure, you know, Make, make sure they're, yeah. And that's, I know we talked about that before. I think that'd be good just for the small, small people that aren't, uh, responding.

Now onto that, when, when do you guys get back? Cuz I, I know you said, Hey, when Todd, when when you guys get back, you'll work on that schedule. Uh, when do you guys get back from Brazil? Next week. So next week we'll be back in regular, I mean, uh, I think Monday's Memorial Day, but after that we'll be back in regular mode.

Okay. So Tutu, maybe have an answer by Wednesday, maybe on, on the schedules. That way we could start that way we could start, you know, building, building the assets, get getting that stuff out asap. Yeah. Yeah.

Okay. Um, yeah, so, Okay. Any questions on all that? Um, and then, uh, when Glenda has more of a voice next week, we'll, we'll talk through, but, uh, you know, we will have same thing. We're gonna do our, our hot seats on day one.

Uh, that night I'll cook, uh, again, I'm gonna do a special dinner. It's gonna called my Farm story. I'm gonna fly in with meat from down here and for my, you know, well not down here. I'm in Florida right now from Virginia for my favorite farmers and all that stuff. Uh, the second night we'll be doing cabana night.

Uh, and I think the first line is we're doing game night too, right, Glenda? And then we'll have our, our guys Girls Game Night Showdown. Yeah. And then second night we're gonna have cabana night, we'll have music, outdoor eating. Uh, I think we're gonna have actually, uh, to go, uh, faba de Chow.

Um, we're gonna have a cigar roller, so it should be a real nice, fun time out. Uh, hopefully, hopefully we, we at least see one member floating around in a lazy river with a cigar. Kind of would like to see that. Uh, don't wanna see anybody's body image per se, Chris, but, uh, I'd like to see them enjoying kicking back and enjoying themselves. I I, I don't know if this, I'm, I'm totally missing.

I, it, it, on one hand I'm excited that I'm going to Phoenix, but on the other hand, I was telling Alex, man, like out of all the events too, I love cigars. And if you guys don't recall, I'm not flexing this, I'm flexing it because I'm not gonna be able to be a part of it. And I mentioned, wouldn't it be amazing if we could have somebody roll cigars? Uh, and so if anybody has it in their heart and there are, there's an extra hand rolled cigar and you wanna I got you. Ship it out to me.

I send, I'll, I'll save one for you, Chris. I appreciate that. I won't smoke it in my new, my new place cuz I'd get kicked out and that'd be a really bad ending to the, to the story, but okay. Get kicked out the next week. Thank you, Glen.

I appreciate that. So, okay. Uh, anything else? Nope. So I just said something.

What was that? So Matt Koal is coming in place for Cole Gordon. Okay. He's one of his associates. Just wanted to let you guys know when you see somebody that's different or new There.

Okay. Yeah. I'll let you make sure we welcome home. Make sure he comes to the welcome cocktail reception. Mm-hmm.

Right. Cocktail hangout, whatever. And you can announce it, right? Whatever. Uh, you don't have to, again, since we're doing it a little bit casual, I wouldn't announce it as like, dude, we're gonna have the, you know, cocktail v i p you know, jam extravaganza.

But you could just say, Hey, we're gonna have a, you know, a little laid back welcome cocktail, some finger foods, you know, Teddy mixing up his, his famous old fashioned. And, uh, so if you're getting in early, you wanna chill out, get a little preview, you know, uh, you know, you're certainly welcome to, you know, we'd love to have you come by, you know? Mm-hmm. Okay. Anybody have anything else?

I don't think so. Safe travels. Congrats to Todd. Yeah, super happy for him. It was, uh, it was really, uh, it was really cool to see him cool to see the level of commitment and honestly, uh, stunning to see after 20 something years, uh, that he could still get in the shape he did and carry muscle.

Very uh, very surprising. Yeah. Those Other two dudes were ridiculous. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, they were some, uh, some big juice up dudes.

So. All right guys. Uh, be well, uh, Teddy look forward updates, uh, on, uh, on the Perry Al stuff. That'll be super cool. And, uh, we'll talk soon.

See Yes guys. Bye. You wanna stay on here and we just stop the recording? Oh, okay. Yeah, we can jump on.
