---
title: "Level 10 2023-01-09 16:59:39"
date: 2023-01-09
duration: 1h 30m
duration_seconds: 5441
vimeo_id: 787676701
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-01-09 16:59:39

**Date:** 2023-01-09 | **Duration:** 1h 30m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

here Hey howdy, who Captain Ranger is that we always say what do you say? Howdy ho Ranger Joe Howdy ho Ranger Joe there. Yeah. Oh no. No we say how do you hold Junior Rangers?

And then the kids would say howdy how Ranger Joe Wow, that is that's amazing. I love that. That's a whole house, you know reference right there. So those 90s back. All right, I like it.

They did a tiger behind you. Wow. Just about to say the same thing. that you know, you know, it's funny about that that picture actually is A kid that I went to high school with through that. He was always, you know, he was the artist and the tickets caliber and when I was back in Connecticut, like two years ago, he happened to be doing like a big art showing like it was one of his big first exhibit kind of things.

I went I went to it actually helped them set up for I hadn't seen him in like 20 years and buying that for my wife and as an original Nick Fresco, it's awesome. I like that you're supporting local and obviously something you got, you know you went to school with which is pretty cool, too. So that's cool. You kind of had that little that little section right there kind of had like Caribbean kind of feel to it. It was Jungle.

There's a whole Jungle Room. Yeah, like we got the little statues up there. We got oh bird over on the wall. There's more Tigers over there like the all the crap. We collect all the souvenirs.

We collect on tour go in this room if you It exotic hunt you can put you know. There but yeah a Boar's Head and I love the light fixture too. What's going on, Damian? Hold on one second. I'll be with you.

Yeah, no worries. Why nobody's mentioning my room? You know, I mean, okay, I think I'm gonna have to call Nick and get you smart. That's right. It's something right here.

This is my when you're in a three bedroom apartment. You don't have a lot of space. This is my office. It's standing desk though. So it's healthy just not pretty but it's healthy.

Nice, you and Damian are into those standing desks. That's cool. Yeah, at least half the day. I I have to do it half the day. It makes a it makes a huge difference.

I used to have terrible terrible back pain and the two things that I did different was working out helped obviously moving but standing, you know, you just don't realize how much your posture especially sitting down affects everything and I want to take it to the next level now and actually get ergonomics involved with standing so that I'm staring straight, you know, I'm not moving even small movements, you know, if you're, you know, not just a little bit to the side and you're typing all day. I'll make a difference. Wow. Okay TV. How are you?

Okay. All right, so as Thompson that so what was the story I was doing a couple things about the Tigers and the wild boar Teddy. Oh, yeah. Well, they they noticed that the tiger picture behind my shoulder which I was telling them that a buddy of mine from high school. It was always the artist but he was also the ticket scalper guy.

So we were good friends. But he was I was in Connecticut last time I was in Connecticut. He happened to be doing like an art show that weekend. I was just like his first big exhibit. So I bought that for my wife.

Well I was there but but then we were just the tour of this room, which is the dining room, but it's also kind of our apparently our trip collection souvenir rooms here, but there's a there's a big pheasant on the wall and this is right. You need a big Boar's Head and bore said as a Chris says I need a big boys. Oh you yeah. I finally I got my dear skull up on the wall looks a little creepy but very cool. And so I'm very excited about that.

So good to have you here TV. What's up, guys? We love you. We miss you. It's always great to see you.

Um, I'll do a couple quick things and then we're gonna hand it over to TB to cover some key stuff. And so we are finishing up copy calls annual good job all around on that good job pivoting getting it up. You know, we know we had to get it up quickly for the start of the year. We got it out. We pivoted Midway and change the lead which certainly perform better how much better it's hard to tell because it was in the tail end when the urgency emails were going out but the long on the short is we will hit our Target on that boat will bring in on north of 10,000.

It's right around 8,000 or so right now with I believe it's seven people set to bill. So remember Chris there are people that are on that trial billing. Looks like you're about to say something toddy. Okay? No, I just said it.

I was gonna say that it's hard for me to take you. Seriously. I feel like in that in that outfit. I feel like I'm ready for you to give me an estimate on transmission work. Or 90s here.

He's got the mechanic look going I get it. I did it. It's like the blue collar like I'm thinking of myself. I'm like man, we're talking marketing and talking talking about exhaust and and upgrades. Wow, this is a rough crowd.

She's like The other day, you know, I I got me off tracktot. Thank you very much, you know the day like gosh I might have to shut off your camera altogether. I love it. I mean look, I I dig it. I like it.

I'm just just the first thing that came to my mind. I'm sorry, but top one mechanics jerseys for oh, I I wanted to start wearing coffee. You know, I like wearing College sure, you know, I don't want to you know again dress like you're going to work and and so I don't know I don't like wearing heavy stuff. And so I said, oh, you know, I like I like to layered I like wearing layers so I bought some shirts to where undershirts and I bought like, you know, like a thin black like kind of nylon shirt to wherever somebody, you know, but not sure it's long sleeve shirts and I'm wearing it one day and you know, it's a little different that I usually wearing my sir. I goes with me and she goes She was what you are I go, you know, yeah, just you know want to start wearing layers.

I try you know, she goes She goes. Oh, it's just not I go do not like it just not. I don't know just not necessarily like your best I go. What do you mean? She goes?

Well, it just looks a little feminine. I was like, thanks. So appreciate all of you guys helping me with myself image. Um, by the way, that's gonna be $300. We're gonna have to redo all the ball bearings exactly.

I'm like, the only thing that that's missing is a is a patch that says Rusty okay, anyways, so ah, so we'll see a couple more sales coming in today and tomorrow for copy calls annual really really excited about that and then The offer bundle will be going out tomorrow. We don't want to start the offer bundle today because we still we want to get some of those people who are finishing up there campaign when to get it much as much as many of them back into rotation so that we could drop them into the offer bundle tomorrow offer bundle will be pretty straightforward. I think that's interesting was we are doing your winning offer as the upsell which I think should do very well since it's perfectly aligned they're looking for help with their offers. We'll want to make sure Teddy just to double triple check that we have the second chance you're winning offer campaign in place, which is great and then Chris so, you know that, you know, hopefully that does perform well, and we do have a handful of those fulfillments come through for your own offer you're so you all know. I'm finalizing the numbers Todd and I've been talking about this but Generally speaking when we look at a month, just so you know.

Hey, how do we know the bullet hit we're looking at, you know a low ticket five grand for for the bullet a mid tier 12 5 and then a high ticket to pull 20K and so as we look at the monk just so you start know, you know, you know, the first win is our consistency in the bullets, but the second win is in making sure the bullets Hit the Target and so those are the target. So when you're watching numbers, you're seeing numbers come in and so, you know copy calls annual with the with the bills and all that. We'll come in certainly north of 10 might come as high as 12. And so that'll that'll hit the mark and I'm confident all for bundle. We'll actually do much better than 5,000 with the upsells we have in place.

Okay, um anything anybody want to add to that we all good? Um Glenda just for the whole crew since you and I know you and I talked about it, but can you give him a quick update on the first top one Mansion Just RSVP numbers anything else high level interesting important, you know. so right now for RSVPs Come we have. Hold on one second. So we have 19 that have confirmed that they'll be joining us.

Still waiting to hear back on a couple more like cold Gordon and Jim Baker who haven't confirmed yet. So yeah, that's what's going on with our clients. And anything like Jim Damien, you said anything updating like like what do you mean in reference to what I just anything? Like hey, we got this plan. We got this plan what whatever whatever else.

That's that's interesting important that everybody would want to know about who's okay. So so other than we're excited to have Damien and Chris and Paul cook for us on Wednesday night. That's we're thrilled about that. Yes, looking forward to that. We're also going to have a sushi dinner on Thursday night.

So we're excited for that. We have a cornhole tournament that I'm working on that's gonna be on Thursday. And let's see on Wednesday. We're gonna have the massages and wine again. so as far as like activities, that's what I have so far on my end to update but if anyone has any questions just Let me know.

cool You good. See? Yep. All right. So Todd has three things he wants to cover.

That's why he's on here. Let's do the copy call Legends last just because I think that'll be kind of fun creative brainstorming stuff. And so okay. So I have three things like Damian said these are really kind of brainstorming things. That's why I'm on here.

So this is more of a discussion really looking forward to hearing from each of you, um on this mainly the copy locking thing, but the the so let's let's take the let's take the others first based on what Damian said so the Bullet expired page. Uh, so Teddy you you had you you put in slack that there were a number of things that we can do. So right now what what is the the expired page that we're sending people that thread was about the thing that order confirmation page Okay, got it. So I want to talk about okay, so maybe actually we can talk about. Oh, yeah both.

So let's let's talk about the order confirmation page. So Damian, is there anything off the top of your head? Is there anything that you want promoted on the order form confirmation page? So I I don't know how well it produces. I don't have any numbers.

I don't even know if we could really pull numbers because it'd be hard to know what sales are coming from clicks on the order confirmation page link verse. Just hitting the page or organically or whatever, but I do every now and then see somebody I do see people that end up buying multiple products and I know that the the second product that they purchase was not part of that campaign. And so what do you anybody have anything that they want to throw out in terms of what we should do on the order confirm page? Yeah, I mean, so I'll just Echo what I said in slack like I just think You know, look we have two we have two core offers, which is obviously E5 km and and copy calls, right because copy calls is the one thing pretty much open anytime for anybody to enroll in and it's continued. So the I feel like that certainly makes more sense than something like borrow bestseller, which is just gonna have elderly run on there and then to the the pages that that do link the E5 Camp a lot of them were still going potentially going to strategy sessions which are so that's part of the question right and we ever going back to E5 Camp enrollment through strategy session or should those just go straight to the sales page or to the webinar?

I think the webinars so that's the E5 Camp thing. I think it's the bigger discussion since this hardcore product and it seems like there's still a lot of Roads related to that that may still lead to strange sessions. Yeah. Um, so before I give my two cents Damian you want to chime in on anything that Teddy said oh no. Okay.

Um, so I think I I wonder if I know Teddy you've been a big fan of the the weekly calls the copy calls. I wonder if it would be a if it would be smart for us to have some sort of one dollar trial that is only available for that's only available through that order conference page. and I my only hesitation or the only thing that I would do and I'm not sure how far we want to go with this. But the only thing that I would do is I would put a deadline on that. And so just because I don't want this dollar trial floating out there, you know, so somebody can just save the page and and I would almost want to put like a deadline on it.

And so thoughts on that. Yeah, so I was taking two things. I was thinking one you could do that dollar trial with a deadline or two. I don't know. If you saw that that post in the Facebook group about the kid that watched the kind of the demo episode and was just like blown away.

So maybe just give give a give one of the one of the episodes as a free bonus. and let them watch it and then just have it straight $49 of I'd be right on the page. Now that could just I mean it could just be at the bottom of the thing. It could say Hey, you unlocked a free episode a free session of copy calls go here watch it. And it could just be the whole episode with the sales letter below it.

I wouldn't do the sales letter below it. But what we could do is What If Teddy we did that we we put that episode on all thank you pages and then below that was the link to go get the $1 trial and it's sent to a sales page that had a a deadline on it once they clicked over. Here how long have a deadline? I would do three days. Okay.

and so just trying to keep it rather than going E5 which you know, I'm trying to keep it more of like an Impulse buy right almost like, you know, like an Impulse buy and so yeah, so we would do the that episode plus CTA to one dollar trial sales letter, which is a standalone with three day deadline. Got it. Yeah, and just just throw this out there. It's wanna make sure you know, we all know this a lot of our offers obviously come with pain in plans and other might have a soft offer might have some upright. So we just had my copy calls annual obviously had an option to take it and not pay anything for 30 days.

Obviously, we have programs that come out with payment plans. And so I'm always a little bit sensitive to okay now, they have multiple subscriptions all billing them at different times. But as always we're okay, but as long as we're all aware of that all for giving this a shot, especially since we've seen as rightly Champion that copy calls and the consumption of copy calls works out well for us. Yeah. The question really is the question is that I have is do we want to do any and this this is where I want to be sensitive to the to the I don't want to make it any more complex.

Do we do any kind of follow-up? After somebody hits the page. I mean we certainly could put them in a sequence. But again, we're going to get back to that part where it could be getting a second chance upsell sequence. They could be getting the ample, you know, the intensification sequence for the dollar trial and they're getting the welcome sequence to the product.

They could be getting three sequences at once right? So then okay will be 80% will be now that we're adding Second Chance upsell sequences. Yeah, so then the question that so my question then is do we want to shorten the deadline like why would that line 12 hours and just be like if you know say, you know, you leave this page you're gonna find this page. You're not gonna be able to get this page, you know to be on you. Okay.

So Teddy we can do it 12 hour 12 hour timer resets what every week or so? Meaning they come back next week and buy another bullet. We're gonna see it again. It's not gonna what do you guys think? It's a good good point.

um I mean, I'm fine with it resetting every time they buy to be honest and just having we would have to set it to a certain interval time interval. So in other words, it could be five days seven days. Whatever it is. We would have we would just have to pick a time interval. And it just be that right.

It's on the thank you page. So isn't it just 12 hours after the is it a deadline funnel just set to 12 hours after the order today. But yeah, but it's how long does how long is that? How long you want deadline funnel take right. How long do you want it to show expired if they go back to the page?

Is what Teddy's really? Oh, okay. Yeah, I mean I would probably say like three days four days and otherwise, otherwise what will show nothing or it'll reset? It'll go to the expired page. It'll say this offer is expired.

No sound three days four days. So my big and I will hold on and I would put a countdown timer on the thank you page. Like with the little bar, but what we want them to click and just say hey you just unlock this bonus session. It's just the box or whatever. Click now before it expires.

You know my I here's my two cents. I mean would there be would there be a concern if they can go back to that page? That the next time they come around to another offer where we say. Hey, it's only gonna be for 12 hours. Are they gonna be less apt to jump on those like to me.

It's like it's 12 hours. And that's it. Like you don't see it again. It's you know until that was the question that I was gonna ask. The bigger question for me is the Integrity thing like You know, that's why I wouldn't do the trial.

That's why I would just give me the episode. Here's your trial is you get to watch one episode for free and if you want it, you can sign like just leave that as an open offer at all times. Like I get the impulse thing of the $1 trial but So what would you what would you do Teddy? Would you have the episode directly on the thank you page or would you have an image like that? They you know and a link that they click and then they go to a page that's got the episode.

I mean, I guess we would test both but it doesn't Okay. So for you you don't think it matters. I'm fine with that. I think that that's I'm fine with that not having a trial and I it feels better from an Integrity perspective. Okay.

And same same skills letter we're just used for this one. I think well, no, so. Yeah, so we will we would use. Use the same letter just change it for monthly and I mean a monthly. Yeah, I would that's exactly what I would do.

The only thing that I would want. Teddy is let's have a does it make sense to have a dedicated version a dedicated page that is only accessible from the confirmation page. Yeah. Okay. All right.

Okay, and then obviously we're gonna cut the bonuses out correct that or not. I got John Ford, right? We would take out the John Ford bonus. right So Teddy, is that cool? Is that clear?

Okay. So then now let's just talk about the expired the expired page. So right now when an offer expires it goes to an expired page that I believe after like three seconds redirects to another offer. And what do we do? We want to just have that redirect to the copy calls and keep it simple.

Anybody have any? Yes, yay. I would yeah, I mean see I mean see that I read five which is where it's going, right? Yeah, I I would have it redirect to To copy calls, I believe that's where it does redirect now, but have it redirect to the new version of let me just see something. That's funny.

It's actually okay. There we go. It does it does redirect to the control page for copy calls. And so, um, let's have it read your redirect Teddy to also to its own State. It's it's own expired page.

Okay, and we did just get one more $500 sale on copy calls. And so we're on nice track with that offer coming through good. Yeah, remember that they'll they'll continue to trickle in right they'll continue to trickle in because people could be clicking on one of the emails from The Click sequence yesterday two days ago whatever it is. And so they'll trickle in um So let's talk about the the double mailing issue the bullet, you know, like so somebody could be in a in a in a bullet. Somebody gets put into a bullet.

They click on one of the click sequence emails. They then get put into the conversion sequence email and now it's possible that they could go back to an older click sequence email from let's say last week's email and if they click on that one of those emails, they're gonna get put into the conversion sequence for that bullet. So then they could be in two conversion sequences for two different bullets. The first question that I have is is that an issue like do you think that that's a that's a big a big enough issue worth addressing? I think it's an issue only because all the sequences are mailing at the same exact times.

Right, so they'll get to two emails at 8:30 in the morning and at 8:30 at night for two completely different offers. I mean do we know is it is there any way to know? To know like how frequently that happens. Like are we talking about significant numbers or we talking about the possibility of a problem that we don't really have. Yeah, I mean, like I said, I think it's gonna happen more for us internally.

So that's why they name keeps noticing because we're testing different things and stuff like that. I'm sure happens because we know that we see people, you know, click on click sequence emails a month after it's been mailed, right? Yeah, and so outside of changing the time changing, you know, like switching up and making some bullets, you know, nine o'clock and some bullets whatever outside of changing the time what are our what are our other options? To do so and I think I just did it in this campaign, which is when they when they click. On when they click on one of the click sequence emails, it applies the incampaign.

Do not mail. and and there's a now a filter before they go into the conversion sequence to check and see if they haven't campaign do not mail doesn't put them in a conversion sequence. but then you know and so the problem is that we run the risk of of being not going into the conversion sequence because that tag got applied erroneously or didn't get removed or whatever. I mean it gets removed now at the start it would get removed at the start of every click sequence as well. Right so clear it out.

As soon as we drop people into the campaign. So the only way they would get it is if they clicked in that campaign and then that would put them in that would guarantee. They go into the conversion sequence for that campaign and would prevent them if they click on anything older while they're still in. Okay, and so do you see any negative to doing it that way? Like I don't know just as they click on older offer.

They're just gonna go into the conversion sequence. Okay, so they won't go into the conversion sequence, but they'll still see the offer and so if they really want it to buy they still have a chance to buy. It's just that the the conversion follow-up is not gonna happen if they're already in another conversion sequence, correct? Okay. I don't see a problem with that Damian.

Do you so walk with explain it one more time, please? Basically without basically it is is if they are already tagged as in campaign do not mail and they click they click on a an old click sequence email. It'll still bring them to the sales page, but it won't trigger the conversion sequence for that old click sequence. Final say they'll stay in the existing. Yes, they'll stay in the one that they were in first.

Yeah. It's good. I would either do that. I think that's a minimal adjustment or I might just say we let it ride for now. I mean the fact that matter is the bullets are working.

And unless I I don't know otherwise It's a but on we haven't had a you know, we haven't had any issues or complaints, you know. And so Chris what were you gonna say? I just got distracted by Damien's shirt. You notice that okay? No.

No, I was actually gonna I mean I I think the the concern is if you're One concern is you don't want to deter somebody who's interested in buying something else, right? I mean if they're going through the conversion if they haven't bought and they're already in a sequence. I mean who I mean there's a reason why they went back, you know, they're I don't know if they were reading like man. I actually you know what I really want. I want that offer from last week.

So part of me is like why deter them that the buyer who's interested showing interest by clicking on an old sequence that to me is a that's a hot buyer. That's not them getting in clicking on it. Right? Well, so you're let me so I want to make sure that everybody's on the same page. So we're not necessarily so that they still have the option to buy.

The only difference is that they won't get the conversion follow up with the countdown process and whatnot for that for the second click sequence email that they clicked on since they're already in a in a conversion sequence for a different product. So it's not that they don't have the chance to buy if they're interested. It's just that we're not gonna follow up with them for that click sequence because they're already being followed up with for a different click sequence. Yeah, and and I like that I guess where I'm going at is if if I went to somebody's house and I knocked on their door and they seem to be interested. That's a whole lot different than them knocking on my door and saying hey I'm interested if I were to pick a click sequel if I were to click this pick a sequence that I wanted to to say.

Hey, which one could how are we gonna follow up with this person? We can only follow up in one scenario the guy who clicked on our door the guy who we clicked on their door or or knocked on their door. I would say the guy who knocked on my door which in this case would be the person who went back right you're conflating the issue that you're they're both. They both knocked on our door. The point is whether or not we're gonna let two conversion sequences run concurrent.

I I agree but I'm saying it's like the person who went back on their own right is there's more of your student that they went back. It just me. It doesn't mean that they went back. It means that they may not have noticed it before and just happen to get there on vacation for two weeks guys. Just to their emails, but the other option Todd it would be to the first basically the first two days of emails in a conversion sequence don't have a set time right their X hours after they enter the sequence and only the last days I don't like I don't like introducing the complexity.

I think we either do nothing or we don't let them run to concurrent but I don't want to do anything fancier than that. That's my opinion. Oh, yeah, I I would say teddy. Let's do the let's do the original idea of not triggering the conversion sequence if they're already in a conversion sequence. Yeah.

I think the biggest the the biggest concern for me Teddy just to kind of put this on your radar and I think you might have mentioned how you'll how you can address it. But my biggest concern is um is historically we've had people that have been tagged as in campaign because we didn't remove it for some reason and they weren't really in a campaign anymore. There's already a clean up that okay. Nobody can have that tag for more than 30 days. Okay.

Got it. Okay. Okay. Um. Even I mean I would even question in I can be short now too that was because of we had the the scheduling sequence and giving all got it.

Yeah, I would I would probably make it. I mean I I would make it. Um, I would make it probably 14 days at the most but I was thinking yeah, and what are you good tea? Yeah, just one one other thing real quick. And so I want to be clear so when we put People into a bullet.

So when you run the list when Damien tells you or you know, when you whatever when you put people into a bullet we're excluding the people that are tagged as in campaign, correct? No. No, we're not. No. Okay, so we should be.

Right because doesn't that defeat the whole purpose another words if somebody is like let's say today there. Let's say yesterday somebody clicked on the click sequencies email for the annual copy calls. They're now in the conversion sequence for the annual copy calls. And if Damian wants to fire off the sin offer bundle today, those people should be excluded because they're still in a campaign. Hmm, okay.

And so that's what whenever I've triggered a campaign. That's what that's what I've done. And so we're not doing broadcasts anymore. Right? I mean for now it's gonna be mostly bullets.

It's gonna be mostly bullets, but I you know, I, you know, like I don't want to rule out. We we certainly will do a broadcast. I'm sure At some point for something. Um, and so I would just do again I would just do whenever I was gonna do a broadcast. I would also weed out.

I would choose the segment that I want and exclude anybody that's tagged within campaign. Do not mail. Got it. God Damien. What we're two other quick things, uh, before we get on to the workshop.

Number one is reminding you that this week starts the first week that the buyers on the bench will be getting something separate that'll be coming from Paul. He's finishing the top one sales letter. He's gonna be putting the emails and infusion. I will review his emails before they go out and then they'll go out on Wednesday Thursday Friday. So the idea is that when we have our buyers on the bench meaning whoever bought the existing offer that's being promoted.

We're not going to send them back through that bullet. They will get top one and eventually once we have an evergreen AA offer of some sorts. Well, then alternate between top one and AA so that the buyers on the bench, which is a huge opportunity last year. We did a phenomenal job at our bullets and every week. We left our best buyers of the week on the bench seeing nothing.

And so it's all I want to make sure that everybody understands what Damian is saying because this is really important and it's a gap that I've noticed based on comments from people in the E5 Nation group that keep in mind. If somebody's purchased, let's say two of our products and it just so happens. Like let's say I think a couple weeks ago. We did The Apprentice and then we just did the annual copy calls. Well, if somebody had purchased Apprentice already and somebody was already a subscriber to to copy calls.

Well then for those two weeks. They didn't see anything. And so there were people you know, like in the E5 Nation group that were like, hey great to hear from you again Todd been a while like and I'm thinking of myself. Oh gosh killing and so Okay, no no God, Damian, and and that okay. I was gonna go on to one other tidbit with with bullets, but are you done with that?

Not one? Yes, and then next week next week, right we get to fire up. We followed before so next week. We're following we're firing John Ford leads now Todd. Do you want to have anything to do with this or at that point we can just fire that and you don't need to be near it's just Teddy firing it.

Yeah, so another word. The John Ford Bullitt campaign is is done done. I believe the only thing that we just need to make sure of with that campaign is um that If somebody was in it before that the cookie for deadline timer is reset or whatever. It is. Does that make sense Teddy?

Like I don't want I don't want to put people that were in the campaign before and didn't buy and saw the expired thing or maybe they hit the page and they saw deadline time 30 days to clear up the timer. Okay. All right. Good. Okay.

Okay. We did just fire that like, you know, you keep on saying we just I think the first week in November or are you sure I I cuz I was the one that kept saying I thought we recently just fired that and so I'm not I'm not sure. I'll check it while we're talking in the meantime Todd one other thing before we jump into the Legends it is you wanted to give everybody an update unless you're not ready to talk about AA. Yeah, no, maybe I'll record a video because there's a whole bunch of stuff to walk you guys through and I only really have now I have 20 minutes and that puts me over and so So and I really want to nail this because we got to get started on this and so maybe I'll just send you the video Damian and then you could pass it on to to everybody I'll record a video but so the main thing that the next thing that I want to talk about which is the big thing is is number one is an idea that I had and it was really an idea that came off the back of the promotion of the decade swipe file and the idea in a nutshell. is to do something similar to what we did with the Agora media buyers Mastermind when we gathered all these media buyers in Baltimore and then filmed it and had all that that stuff but this time to do it with Top-notch copywriters and so to have a day where we put great copywriters in a room and we just talk about copy and we talk about, you know, we would have it broken down.

We would have an agenda like maybe we start off talking about leads and we talk about headlines and we talk about you know claims and compliance and we just have a day that is a complete, you know brain dump brainstorm sharing swapping. It would be free for all the top copyrighters. We would probably invite about 2025. I have a list already done in hopes that maybe we can get 12 13, you know, I would love to get 15 if possible. I'm not sure if that's feasible.

We might have to invite a little bit more and so the and then the idea ultimately would be to Record it and then turn it into a product that we then offer to the marketplace and then give anybody in the room the opportunity to be an affiliate for it. And and then we do a promotion like what we did for the decade swipe except this one would be education based we have we'd have a lot of b-roll footage we have we would leak footage. We would, you know have whatever a bunch of assets that we can we can use I thought that it was a great idea. I like the idea because I cannot recall anybody else ever doing anything like that. So I can't recall ever there being this Gathering of top copywriter sharing swapping exchanging ideas.

So I think that it would be wildly unique. I think it'd be wildly valuable to the marketplace. I think that it would be rare. I think it would be something special. Uh, and and I think that it would be great for credibility and positioning and to make sure it should be one of our two cannons for the year the so let me let me be clear about that.

So the Canon would be the the promotion of the recording not the actual event the actual event where we host these copywriters again, it would be free for everybody Damian proposed potentially doing it in the Mansion. Um, and so there would be no charge for them whatsoever. We would tell everybody, you know, they could they can have a copy of the recordings for themselves for those that are in attendance. We talked about potentially extending the invite to top one people to be a fly on the wall. They could listen in to this thing so that we've got people there and so that we can get testimonials and you know rave reviews and all and all that.

It would be the the would be the record the promo for the recordings of this copy Legends lock-in. And so with that before we get into before we go any further. Is anybody have any thoughts on that, Teddy? Your thoughts on that not a good idea a great idea. Oh, yeah.

No, I love it. I would I would totally do it at the mansion. I would piggy back it on, you know couple days before top one event, so they can actually stay for top one if they wanted to check that out because that's we want the room anyways your point. and and yeah, just I think it just depends on I really the only other way to the only other way if it wasn't a dimension would be to do more of a virtual Summit and just make it completely genevent, but that's a whole different thing. Yeah.

Yeah. I I think what would really make it special is? The Gathering the in-person the I just think that it would be a special thing for the copywriters. I think that it would give us better footage and I think it would give us the assets that we need to do a great promotion. It would give us the ability to do if we wanted to another narrative lesson Series, right like leaking tidbits that were shared.

Who knows maybe we can come up with, you know, another belt not an actual belt but something else I don't know. Um, and you got to make chat GPT one of the attendees. Oh gosh, you're killing me. Oh killing me that you AI. Yeah AI we're writing stuff yesterday.

Shut up. And I mean look, obviously we would have like Sam Woods. We would invite Sam Woods who's now positioned himself as the AI guy but the the big so I I think Damien I'm I'm cool with the Mansion. I think the thought was it would be one day. Right, so that's all right.

Let's get into the logistics here. And so can I you mind before we jump in? I just have one one thought before we jump into practical stuff. It is there a way to I mean just as we're brainstorming that we can monetize in a couple different ways like right now it's like okay we can monetize on recordings. Is there a way that we could structure the event in such a way that it could produce either a manual of sorts or a small book or I'm just brainstorming idea here of saying hey, is there another asset we can acquire from this that may might just mean hey we format it in such a way that we can literally just write down what was said and that's actually a pretty slick idea Chris.

Yeah. I kind of dig that. I mean potentially do a walk like a free plus shipping book offer that leads into the offer. I was gonna say the same exact thing. I mean, there's definitely you know, and I think that you know for what it's worth Damian, you know, I've said this a couple times and I I think we've got to get better at repurposing the content that we've already created into multiple assets that we can We can monetize and so I really think that we're fully reality.

But after doing that with with the copy calls archives. Yeah, we certainly could do that as well. And so the only thing about the copy summit though, like like other than AI is there enough new in copied to talk about that would be compelling that would be different than I mean obviously most people didn't go to Titans. Yeah, I think that the key thing Teddy is that it right? It's it doesn't necessarily have to be new like what are you doing now?

That is brand new. It's it's more of right like what are what's working now? What what's working out? And what was working? That's no longer working.

What have you shifted to right? Like so, you know all we moved more towards, you know, bulleted bullets on our upsell page and we use short form up and just bullets and we bullet out and like so there's definitely you know, there's definitely extracting out like what are you focusing on now? And I think if we bring in if we can bring in at least one session on AI, I think that that could be really interesting and so there there's definitely stuff to extract from from folks. And so also don't ever refer to it as a summit again. Logistics, yeah, no.

No you keep going so so we currently We have the Mansion our correctly from wrong Glenda. But the minute you can't rent The Mansion for a day. It's like a week long rental. So I think we have it from what Monday to Saturday. Is that right Wanda and they do Friday.

Okay, Monday through Friday is when we have the Mansion right? That's when we book our our Mansion, which means if we look at our fall day we have until Monday to Friday and top one runs Wednesday Thursday half of Friday, then we check out. Which means we could do it directly the day before that Tuesday. We could have the lock-in and then by 7 o'clock. We either throw them out or we have a cocktail hour.

Um, we can't have them stay in the Mansion because logistically one there wouldn't be enough rooms. Number two is we wouldn't have time to turn those rooms over so our staff has somewhere to stay unless we want our staff to say somewhere else. So the top own experience which occurs a different additional costs or we could potentially try to add a day on which will be around 3500 bucks three about 3500 to 4,000 if we wanted to try to do it Monday so that we had a breather between going into the top one right not coming out of this lock and then immediately jumping in the top one. So those those are some of the logistics we need to talk through but I would do it Tuesday. Okay, so do it Tuesday, they they won't because because if you do it Monday then the for anybody that wants to stay until the Mastermind now, they've got to stay Tuesday and Wednesday, right like and so I would do it Tuesday this way and this is what's tough.

What's tough about this is the whole week. We we have to talk about how would extending an invite to them. For The Mastermind work because if you save it to the end of the lock-in, they already booked their flights. I think I would talk to him personally. Well, and so the other thing that I want to be very careful of right is I certainly don't want to introduce the Mastermind in the invite process because ultimately really what I want them to know is that we're paying for them.

Like they they're you know, like there's no cost to them and there's nothing being pitched. Well just to be clear there will be cost unless you say we want to cover the lodging and Villas. No, I I don't mean there won't be any any expenses. I mean, there's no charge to come to The Mastermind. This is not an offer like where you got to pay to be an attendee at The Mastermind, right?

You get a ticket to attend you gotta cover your travel and and just like we did with the media buyer Mastermind thing, but I want to be able to let them know like this isn't a lead gen play. This isn't a setup to pitched on a group like there's nothing being pitched. There's nothing being offered. This is right. Like I'm willing to I'm willing to to pay for this for the Mansion for the food for whatever just because I think that this is that valuable for all of us to be in this room together swapping, you know best practices of what's working on like whatever.

Great tattoosably you do have to be clear that you are going to turn it into a product that you're selling. Um, I'm not sure I don't know do we I mean piss like, you know, if I was the top like a hundred. Yeah good. We have to let them know for sure. Let them know when during the invite or before the like I I mean that's a marketing and marketing Integrity question, but I don't think that we yeah, I want to tell them when they're walking into the house.

Hey, by the way, they're Commerce here. And this is gonna be part of two thousand dollar product that we're gonna be selling later. Really? I don't think we told anybody at the media buyer Master media buyers Mastermind. Wow, you're you're digging through the archives.

That was a number of years ago. Yeah, I don't I don't believe that we we did. I mean we I'm not saying we don't have to necessarily hide it but I don't know if I'd make it part of the invite what I would I would let everybody know beforehand, right like in case you want to you know, in case you want to wear your mechanics outfit, you know, blah blah. This is being recorded. It'll be productized or whatnot.

You'll get a copy but I wouldn't legally you need to have them sign waiters. Yeah. Yes, which will do we certainly will do I believe we did for the media buyers Mastermind here? Yeah. I mean if it's I mean when you say something like that when you call on an event and you mentioned recordings and saying hey and you're gonna get the recording for free, I think it's kind of implied in that, you know, I mean like yeah, I don't I wouldn't we'll we're not gonna spring it on anybody.

So all good. I'm not worried about that part. So we're not don't worry. We're not gonna spring and be like, Eyes. Okay, like you're thinking nine to six and then possibly we could do a after-hours cocktail party at the house preview with the top one members, maybe whatever.

Hi. Yeah, I mean, you know I think nine to six what about lunch. So obviously we provide lunch. We're bringing lunch. Yeah, of course.

and then maybe a cocktail, you know our Okay, the big question and I don't think we're gonna get the answer right now because I got to jump in a few minutes but is the invite process and so this is where you know, I don't remember the invite process that we used for the media buyers Mastermind thing. I don't remember what we did. Um, but I am thinking that Masters the media buying I think we just did word them out. I don't think yeah. Yeah, I think that was right or wrong.

But by the way, do you have to jump because you're one o'clock because I'm your one o'clock. Just no. No, so I have I gotta make a phone call and then you and I can get together. We'll have to start late and it's gonna tight you and I but I have to make a phone call. so Like look in my mind.

Here's the thing in my mind. So I think a lot of these people I don't have a relationship with So I am I lean more in doing something similar to the way we did the original E5 intensive where like we do, you know, we pay for a FedEx. I put something together we pay for, you know, a FedEx and we make it, you know, we make it we show up differently like I've talked about and we do something special we can always follow up after personally. Um, if we want which we likely will but I would do some sort of invite, you know invite process. Yeah, that's Teddy.

Well, I would just say I would say everybody that assuming I don't even want a room but everybody promoted decade swipe should probably be in the room and yeah, yes and for them, it's just hey, we're doing this as a bonus for you for promoting decade swipe. Right, and then the other people that I could see being in the room like the Brian Curtis and the harrises and like those are or Porter like those personal friends of yours that I would think. Would do it for you. Yeah, there are definitely so I already started I already have a list of people that I would invite. Let me just see one two three four five not.

Yeah, call it. Let's call it 30 people. I already have that. I would invite you know the folks from The the decade plus swipe that were partners and then a whole handful of other of other folks on there. I still think that you know, I I still think an invite process is you know, like what I said to Damien was I don't want you know, we've got to get the date out.

We've got to like we've got to get the word out now so that we can claim the date get them to put it in their calendar, but I also don't want it to be like an easy. Yes now and then something comes up later and they're like, yeah, so that's what we talked about my gut tells me based upon the fact that unlike the media buyers. Like I really feel like we know the majority of this list. I feel like we're better to have the confirmation package be the file rather than send them the Velvet box then send them something else after they rsvpps. I think we put our money and our Focus behind the confirmation, right?

We get them a t-shirt. We get them a badge we get them a all access. It's notebook to the copyrighters legendary lock in 2023, you know, like we don't I like that deal. I'll just throw this out there right don't underestimate the task of getting one of these folks to say. Yes.

Because I don't know I think about what it would take what it would take to get me to say. Yes now right? I'm probably more extreme right? But if I said to you, hey, you know Doberman Dan Porter Kurtz that are these guys are all hanging out and they're coming for a day you want in you just the names alone when it get you there? No, I got you your your hermit.

No, not at all because no like but if again if something showed up in the mail, and I knew that I was one of 30 people that was selected for this. I saw a picture of the the Mansion right? Like I saw a spread of the food, right? I knew like there was a logo for this thing. Yeah, then I would I would look at it different.

Okay, so so then my you know, what, we haven't used it in four years. I would literally replicate replicate the process we did for the E5 locking it worked. It worked. Well, I would go to Velvet box like again we might remember it nobody. Else is and if they are going to be like dude, I love this thing when I got it the first time just understand.

There's going to be expensive right? There's yeah, I don't I just don't know if the Velvet box is the Velvet box was a cool invite. I don't know if I don't know. I I don't think that that's the right way to go for like, um, just because I don't think that it'll give us enough like I don't think that today the Velvet box invite is enough. Like I think that we need I I would rather I'd rather do a little package.

I'd rather put together a little, you know, a little package whether it be something similar to the top one thing with a ticket in their golden ticket and FedEx it to them then do like just an invite in a in a box and no no website with like hey, these are the people who have been You know on the on the attend on the invitation list, you know. Yeah, I mean, I probably we probably would do. Yeah, we would have a website where they could go we would like we yeah, we need to we need to talk through this more. What's you have to bounce right now? Yeah, I got to bounce.

Um, but so If we need to move on this, what do you want to do? Because we need there's a lot more we need to talk about. Let me let me do this. Let me let me put some ideas down on paper and just send it to you guys send it in the leadership Channel later. Just very raw rough ideas of what I would put in the in the in the packet.

I think FedEx is the way to go. It's gonna get attention. It's gonna get open. Um, and I think it gives us enough. Space to lay out what I think needs to be communicated to get these people.

What I would be thinking about is how do we what's the bet the best the most efficient way to go about getting their address? Right A lot of them are on our file, which is good. I would say there's probably about half at least half that are that might not be on our file. Yeah or between file and Affiliates and people have in our affiliate record. Well, we'll figure it out.

That's just we'll figure that out. Okay. I'm just that interest would you? Would you try to pull in because I know you said you always wanted to either pull in current or Masterson. Uh, no.

Neither are gonna attend dude, you guys you don't know those guys. Don't don't leave the house. I mean dude, it's not easy to like it's not easy. Look at look at the difficulty in getting people to come to top one as a guest like as my personal guest. Yeah, but it's in Florida.

It's different if it's different I because I remember the last time we were going to do something you said you spoke the current he was like, I would love to do it if it was actually in wait, he's in he's in the west coast, right? He's not now he is yeah now he is yeah now isn't okay forget now he is but and I'll send you also also include the list and if there's anybody else that you guys think should be on this list like Teddy You you know we can add it and then we'll go from there. All right. All right. So I'm gonna stay on without Glenda and the team Todd just message me about how long you need.

Yeah, I would say 20 minutes see letter. again Okay. All right, so Okay. So let's plan We're Not Gonna announce anything yet Glenda, but let's plan that the day before top one fall. Right arm start thinking obviously we're going to need we'll figure out what we need, but we'll we'll need video crew there, right?

Um, so again not telling you to do anything yet, but I just want you to start like penciling out mapping out what we're going to need for the event. Okay, um, we'll do lunch like Todd said we'll probably do like a hors d'oeuvres cocktail hour at night at you know afterwards which kind of be a cool meet and greet for even if top one people that don't come in early to the experience, but they want to live common just mingle with some of the people from the copywriter, you know legendary lock-in. um and then the check-in time on Monday is what time? I'm not sure they haven't confirmed that yet. So I would have to find out and that's another something I was gonna ask was.

I guess the staff would have to come in on Monday and said Right. You don't want people coming in on Tuesday. Wow. No, we want our whole staff and team on their Monday for sure. Well, and so that's why I'm just asking where the check in time is.

I mean, it can't be later that four rightly for so. Yeah, so so I would say and what was it you already you've already checked into that remember that you said the checking Earl if you came in earlier, it was a fade. Do you remember? Yeah, but that was for January or that was for this coming up coming event because we were trying to see if we can get in there a day earlier. Now that no remember you were looking into flying in on Sunday.

So that's when I asked her about that. She was what were the rate just as a comparable? What where was that? And what were the race they gave us do you remember it was about 3500? Yeah, like what you said the day early, but what about what what was the existing check in time?

And how much was it if we wanted to get there a little bit earlier. So it was 4pm existing and if we wanted to get there between 12:00 and 4 it would be another 1700 if we wanted to get there before 12. It was like 3,000 so it was ridiculous. But then a full day ahead of time would be like 3500, right? Yeah, so I would say, you know, okay almost that kind of checking it right now.

It's going to comple up all yeah, I would say four clocks fine. I mean We're not gonna do anything that night our team plenty of time to especially again, it's the it's the luxury of controlling the entire environment and experience like we're there so we know what's there we can we'll have been it, you know these Mansions multiple times. So I I think we're fine for I don't think we need to spend 2K getting an earlier. I think that can be better spent somewhere else in the experience. and I certainly think that this You know since we'll have it.

We you know two events under our belt that'll give us the opportunity to say hey, what was really killer like? Oh my goodness. We should have a sushi. God come out for lunch and have like a sushi Hibachi chef for lunch like a private like that was amazing. And so we could kind of pick the best of the best for that experience.

Okay. um Okay. Daddy, do you do you agree with Todd that the the underestimating a task at hand that like the names alone won't drive it that we really have to go the distance to get people's attention how to go. Yeah, you know what? I am not leave my my whole and go out in the public and be a part of something.

I mean, I guess it depends who they are. I mean, yeah, I mean a lot of them are certainly introverted to a certain degree so depends. Yeah, I mean may not be as easy as the meteor buyers, but right I would think in general. Depending on his relationship with with them like if he asked it would go. Right.

So right make may just be that he's not willing to ask in that way. Right which is fun. I get that too. Sure. Sure.

I mean we could just tell them like Hey, we're gonna be critiquing all your stuff. If you're not here your stuff will be the first stuff that we rip apart. What okay. Oh, everybody else saw good. We need anything else.

No, I I actually do have one question for Teddy but I don't think it requires you guys. It's just okay. Um, so Teddy where we're focused on getting offer bundle all queued up to go out tomorrow, right? Is that where your head is at? Or is that pretty much done?

I mean, I have Parts pretty much done. Just okay, so I'm gonna open up a notion task Teddy. I do want to and maybe you could show it to me. Actually in my if I go in the preview. For triggers will I be able to see the upsell and what the pop-up looks like?

Or is it not going to show it to me? Because I don't have the right deadline stuff on me. or but they asked 17 for one upselling on that. Yeah, I mean you just open the page. Okay.

All right, but I want to follow your idea. I want to get a second chance in place for that off of that 17 for one and I also want to get a a down cell which I think we should totally make the what is the what is the current? We said? We're gonna go with all one month of coffee calls. Is that right?

As the down cell for triggers now what was going to be the recommended product? Was get a free session a copy calls listen to it and then go join for 49 bucks. Yes. That'll be in the confirmation page. So given that that's going to be on the confirmation page.

What do you think? The second upsell should be? For triggers. Yes. copyboarding copyboarding because of the price point or copyboarding because it's related to because it's good and it always sells well and okay.

I'm willing to all I'm willing to try Okay, technically an email sequence should follow kind of the copyboarding process. Right? Like if you yeah. All right. I'll pop it up into notion.

By the way, did you see that John Forrest promoted the last week of September? Yeah, I saw that but aren't we also talking about doing a new offer with him one one is that yeah, that's not that's not gonna be until probably June July. Okay. Yeah, so okay. Um was there a Oh, yeah, and we did we did Agora as the upsell for John Ford, which actually did pretty well, we sold a couple copies schools at like three grand.

So that's good. All right. There checking great job everybody. Okay, sounds like oh, yeah. Quick question.

So with the campaign proofing so just proofing the campaign self. I wrote in there. I did a reply assume. That's fine. I'm basically just making sure that the emails are are gonna go off like that's because the only issues I'm forcing everything so I can't wait for the campaign to run and and see if the campaign is is triggering the the right things that what I can do is verify, hey, there's eight emails in this sequence and I forced those 80 emails to come to me and I got all eight.

But if I only got seven so there's an issue right? Well, so because the company so first of all when you when you add yourself to the campaign, You know in the contact record before you go in and manually Force those emails to yourself. You can see you can check to make sure they're scheduled for the right dates and times. Right. So one check would be yeah are they all queued up to go out at the right dates and times they all should be second thing would be checking the from name.

Make sure that's always Todd Brown. then sending them to yourself making sure that that all the links work. making sure that when you the links in the click sequence that you get added to the conversion sequence and tagged as having clicked The Click sequence. Hold on one side. Yeah, once you click on the initial emails you should also good and you converging.

Should you? Sequence. Okay. Yeah. That you get tagged that you clicked.

You get tagged you click and what is what what's the I mean I assume you follow like a similar protocol for all of them. Do you know off the top your head? I mean The Net Connection of the tag Yeah, yeah, it's bullet bullet colon name of campaign. desk, click sequence Dash clicked and second thing for conversion sequence. Well here let me these are these are all seeing slacks you have.

Thank you. But in general these are all the tags that get applied in a you know innocence. So when they start the sequence. When they at they start start to click sequence, they finish click see that they click on anything The Click sequence. Once they click they are tagged whether they were a buyer or a non buyer before they go into the conversion sequence so we can tell what the conversion rate was.

Not buyer non buyer this buyer. Like have they ever bought anything from us before or not? So in these scenarios, I'm just gonna make sure that I have the appropriate ones because you're gonna be situations where You know, I convert because again Clips click sequence. I'm obviously gonna click on it. I'm gonna start it.

I'm gonna finish it segment non-buyer segment buyers. That's gonna be one that I you know, I won't be able to really chat I could technically but I think is that needed to check that one. I mean because I may not be a it's not making a break. You should always start these tests with a brand new comp brand new blank contact record, though. Okay.

Well then converting with Chris it working from automation. I mean you could do what I said you could do, you know, Chris plus whatever sin off or bundle January 2023 it marketing fun automation.com. I can do Christopher Plus today's. That's whatever. Yeah.

All right, so I do that and then obviously just following the logic here, right? You know if I purchase it which I'm gonna do a test purchase. And I get that tag that I purchase the upsell and that once that's all done. It should be sure I wouldn't purchase I would purchase it. I would purchase the main offer not purchase the upsell right away and make sure you get added to the upsell Second Chance sequence.

And then once you're in there. Then Force send yourself those emails check those links then by the upsell. That kind of thing. Well, I did well so like and this is like again, this is how granular you want to get right? But you want to be 100% then it's two tests one test you buy the upsell right away because that's technically a different.

The one to click upsell in the funnel is different than the order form for the emails which is not a one click upsell. It's a second chance offer. So it's a different order form. So yeah, you want to make sure both order forms work then technically do both. Okay, so don't buy the up song.

So the end. Okay. Audit that campaign as well checking the order. Okay, so just just to recap so I'm obviously, you know gonna gonna prove make sure that the tags are added. Well actually I'll start the beginning so the all queued up to go out the same time.

So I'm gonna look at the dates and dates and times and the campaign itself. Make sure that that matches what is campaigns is showing and then make sure that's coming from Todd not from someone else but from Todd support at marketing funnel automation from Todd the links work. Once you click on the initial email should get Auto added a conversion sequence. So just making sure that once I that's why I want to proof all the emails first and I'm gonna make sure the links are good. I click on all the links except the opt-out link.

I don't want to do that and then I, you know, obviously from there make sure that the version sequence is correct as well that you get tag that you clicked. So making sure that the correct tags are applied. I don't want to purchase the upsell until the end at the end. I purchased you up sell then I make sure that I get added to so once once I buy the upsell, yeah, well, what's right you got what you want to buy the main offer. Yeah.

The first time through I would buy the main offer and by the upsell second time through you don't have to I mean you can buy the main. Because I don't think it adds you see something because it doesn't add you to that sequence if you do if you buy the main offer and don't buy the upsell. I think there's a delay before it adds. You usually go one day delay. Let me just in fact while I'm here as share screens, so they used fully understand these as well.

And while you're there, hold on one second. I'm gonna grab my computer starters about that. and so yeah, so this is obviously the click sequence jury familiar with it's gonna based on what we just talked about. It's gonna remove the campaign tag that I'm just gonna apply the in campaign tag, so anybody coming into it? Which I mean technically they shouldn't be put into it if they have it anyways, but just a safeguard whatever.

Applying campaigns can apply to start a tag and it's also yeah the click sequences started the entire campaign was started. Each of these emails all of them use campaign links. No, no tags are applied in any of these emails the tag the click tag is applied when they actually click so This goal here is so this is something to check, you know, make sure that the things that should be clickable account as a click our clicked. This is the opt out. This does not count.

This is the unsubscribe. So these two should not be checked. And where'd you go to see that? Let me go go back really quick. I want to see how you got inside this clicked goal.

Okay. This is actually the easiest way but in general there's the easiest way to prove the emails to original look at the text of them. Like this is the quickest easiest way to see text of all emails. So that way you can you can read through it. Really?

Yeah, I should probably go change that. I know which one I go change. This is quicker quicker and easier than opening them up. So, yeah, so just making sure that the things that are the clicks to the pages are right or selected LR. Okay.

Yeah, we're proofing it right now as is so this is good. Oh, hold on actually go down. What? That last email was that. that last link Yeah, so that's the opt out think so they all have an opt out.

They all have a campaign this starting with this sequence and going forward. They're all gonna have this kind of footer thing is like hey, if you don't want to know any more about engineering offers click here to get out of this campaign, so that that would be something to test later at some point as well. But basically that applies this tag over here which pulls them out of everything and removes in campaign. Do not mail Tech. Yeah, there's a lot so I I want to make sure I'm doing this right but I I think the list that I have that I just read out to you.

I think it's a good. Good starting place. Do you agree? Yeah, I just want you to I just want you to kind of have a general grass because this is pretty much gonna be the structure going forward. So I just want you to generally know what's going on.

Right so they say they yeah, if you start from in here, they get started tags if they if they get through that whole sequence and they don't click on anything then they go down here that'll apply the finished tag. And that basically takes some all the way to here removes and campaign and they're done. If they do click then it's gonna apply the clicked tag. And then it's going this is just a merge sequence. So whenever you see a merge or join or something like that or there's multiple paths coming together just to consolidate everything back into one path.

So it doesn't do anything. So that's supposed to it's just things together then from here. It's gonna make a decision. Are they a buyer or not buyer based on whether they have The new customer repeat customer tag, so if they don't have either of those they're non buyer. They have any any of those there are buyer.

Again, just going to tag them for reporting purposes. So later on we can see how many people were converted. Then they're gonna go into the offer bundle. This is gonna tag that they started this it's gonna start the deadline timer which basically starts anyways, once they hit the page, but it's just the backup. um again, it'll queue up all these emails for day one day two and day three, you know, so you'll see all of these or at least these you should see right off the bat it when you go into like once you click and go to the contact record, you should see these three emails queued up basically see Okay, you may see the other ones.

I can't remember if you will or not, but I would. first email that what we're gonna die like why? Yes, maybe it's an irrelevant question. But why wouldn't I see all of them in the in the campaign if they're all gonna be cute up to you might yeah, you might you actually might I can't remember. Would that be an issue though?

Like if because like I wouldn't be able for send it to myself if I don't know you're right. Yeah, you will see over here you yeah, there's no the only wouldn't see him if they were a different sequence. It just won't and we'll move to the next season. So this is the reason why this is an issue, right? So so it if you buy the send off her bundle, you will get a tag that you bought it.

Then you will get put into the wide. Wo conversion sequence and yeah that will still wait a day, but you'll be in there immediately. So as soon as you buy the initial offer You can leave the page with the one click upsell open. Go back to the contact record make sure that they got added to this sequence. It's not going to send anything until then.

You can go ahead and send yourself all these emails if you want then by the one click upsell to make sure that the one click upsell works. Then go to these emails which again it's one with the where would the one click upsell be? What page would that be on? This is the page immediately after you buy Okay, gotcha. So what I have to go back and buy again to get to obviously to get to that page, so would that be the second purchase?

That's what I'm saying. The second purchase is the links in these emails will take you to a regular order form for. So if you don't buy basically if you don't buy the one click upsell then this email sequence. It can't send you back to the one click upsell. So it has to send you to a regular order form.

So these emails are sending you to a regular order form? For ywo. Okay. You know seem good that makes I mean that makes sense. I just seeing what what I mean, technically if you want to check both, so right I'm saying so you so you would buy the main offer.

Go to contact record. Make sure that main offer got added properly making sure the purchase tags got fired. Whatever. But then also check to make sure you got put into this sequence because now you've bought the main offer. You've not bought ywo yet.

You still have the upsell Page open on the screen? So that once you make sure that you got added to this because you bought this then you can send yourself all these emails. Ah, gotcha I see and then right then by the one click upsell that's still on your screen that would actually pull you out of that sequence, but you'll have all the emails and then you can click the links in those emails. That will take you to the regular Standalone order form where you can buy ywo again to make sure that order form works. Cool.

Yeah, I think that makes I think that makes sense. There's a lot it's a lot here. This is like does it's a lot but this is this will be the for the like the once you learn the structure. They're all gonna be the same. So it takes like almost a whole day.

It shouldn't more. Yeah. Well, I mean take I mean why it sounds like I mean what going through here doing it as many, you know going back and forth seems like it's kind of I don't know. I haven't done done this yet. So just What was that?

I'm taking more than an hour. Really? Okay. Yeah, send yourself all the emails. Click on the link and every email and there's only six emails.

Make sure that goes to the page and then buy the main offer. Make sure well. Yeah, click all the emails then make sure then just check the contact record as soon as you click check the contact record. Okay, my in the conversion sequence the tags get applied great. Checked all the links and all the click sequences they all work and they should all work.

But that's what we're testing right. Then now aside from like proofing and grammar edits and all that kind of s***. Like that's a whole different story, but Because I usually takes. To to plus two two and a half hours. I would say for for me proofing is I'm going word by word, you know that I'm checking spacing on every single thing.

And so then I if this only takes an hour then great that that's still gets me to about half it, you know half a day which isn't isn't I think with hard hard more as a proofing because you stare at each email after a while you start missing stuff. So you have to keep stopping to go back to it depending on how big the sequences at least for me. I mean, you know try to you know, the goal is just to read the email but if the goals to say, hey what's wrong with that what needs to be changed, you know changing grammar all that kind of stuff. So it sounds like once I get to hang out I mean for you know, and that's where that's kind of where one of the slack posts that I made on Friday was like and that's a conversation. You've got to have a Damien really but like at the end of the day dude like you should be checking for for obvious typos and and punctuation s*** like It's to be able to Damien to get the f****** grammar right like his job to be the copywriter his job to do the messaging his job to his job to to craft the words how he wants some displayed and for you not to second guess of well, that's you know, that's that's where we had this discussion before right.

It's like How are you supposed to know what his intent was and whether that should be.
