---
title: "Level 10 2022-06-06 15:59:14"
date: 2022-06-06
duration: 55m
duration_seconds: 3339
vimeo_id: 717593236
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2022-06-06 15:59:14

**Date:** 2022-06-06 | **Duration:** 55m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, man? Howdy howdy. How are you? Good man, good. I'm just logging in to both my eye issues with my with my computer audio.

Yeah, I might my elbow. Dude, it's like it's worse now. Have you been icing it? What's it? I'd like to say yes, but the first time I've iced it, okay.

I thought it would just get better. I mean every time I get yeah, I've never really had an injury before. I know it sounds crazy. I've never never had a sports related injury. I I've done so many dumb things in my life and never had had anything like this where I'm like it's not going away in three days.

You know, this is except my back my back was the only thing that I remember that yeah my back issue so aside from my back, which is obviously a big thing. So I was a wrong statement, but other than my back this is the first time I've got an injury and it's just actually seems like it's getting worse which really sucks. Well, maybe you should try listening to my advice. Not that I'm not I am now. Okay, what's up, Teddy?

What's happening? How are you man? I'm good. Good or great good. Okay, great.

How's Bitcoin trending these days? That's definitely not great. Yeah, so it's happening. Yeah, I'm doing good. I thought the the great investor makes money in all markets.

Well Bitcoins hurt short, unfortunately, no, why is that? Because there's no there's no options market for it. Really I mean You got to do be trading Futures if you want to Short. Right. Glenda has no voice, but we're all going to wave to her.

Okay, so good. I hope everybody's doing great. Let's talk about wins. from last week I'll go first. So I'm gonna say my Winnie is just working through the logistics to get the pieces in place for the for the infocast and so we're just about done with that, which is great.

We'll finalize up on the call and then we'll get on the email parsh portion so that when Todd comes back start promoting that really excited certainly win for all of us and for Todd we sold out the swipe file offer, which is great. And so that's fantastic, Teddy. Yeah, it's in my win was getting that the podcast thing built out and pretty much ready to go. The loss on that is infusions reporting has become completely horrible for for going back in time and finding old freaking data in terms of like the emails that you want and stuff like that. reports just churn and churn and churn Okay, why not when we be able to have those for me, I'll get you something today.

Okay good. I may just have to pick something though. I mean like because I can only see I can only see so a small sliver of data. That's the problem. Okay, Chris.

Yeah, I'd like to say I had a hardcore win I would say. Working on the sales that I'm still working on right now for this white file upgrade. Okay, good people you communication with right. Now how many how many people have responded and how many are you actively communicating with five and then one guy absolutely said no, and so I'm working with four but I got I got five other people that I this morning that I trim through the list they we had a pretty decent open rate on both of them. But there were a couple people that didn't actually open open email on both emails some reaching out to them personally, right?

Yeah, let's let's really stay on top of that. You know, we really You know as we focus on the profitability on the business, I'm running smarter like all that matters, right all that like hey, great. We sold 30 people on a swipe file 997 but three of them upgraded to A to Z copy, right that increased is the overall profitability or whatever of the campaign by 15% And so that's a really big deal Chris and so make sure like, that's what you know, as as a leader as winners like come back with something don't come back empty-handed. You know what I'm saying? Glenda you want to chat us a win from last week.

As Glenda is typing Chris. I will tell you another win unrelated to business, but do you know what is probably one of my favorite spices that we got or out of all the spices that we bought Chris and I bought both spices and shared them. Can you guess Uh, what's that one? You're not gonna guess it's gonna be hard to wait. Is it that is it the curry one?

No saffron. What is it? Oh, no, we didn't buy any saffron. We're not that fancy. It's actually that a pink finishing salt.

Really? Yeah, I used it today. Beautiful. Watermelon lemon Cayenne pink finishing salt. delicious really okay flavor flavor bomb man I've used the the Smoky salt.

I don't know if you've used that yet. The the what is it the Hawaiian I've got I used it a little bit. I haven't figured out what to use it on, but we'll have to cover that on another call. So let me down. Who did we get money in the door for?

I like money in the door. That's exciting. Friends typing. Oh Lucas and was that last week or the week before? last week the week before okay, we're talking about last week.

So always keep our wind so last week so Glenda is going to get us some numbers. Uh, so as we're looking at the month, you know, this month is going to be a little interesting because first of all, we kind of had the swipe file promo finishing over into June so we did have some of that money pop in June which is good. But we also have obviously Todd's not back from Grease and so Monday and then we have top one and so it's a little bit it's gonna be a little interesting this month. I want to blend Glen that's gonna message us in a little bit. I asked her to just kind of get an update on where we are with top one expenses.

What build in May what we expect to hit in June what in July so that we can really just look at again winning month after winning month after winning month on no more of this just steady nice steady course, and so we're we're definitely gonna have some work to do talk. 39K that's not right Glenda. the budgets like 24K runs about to lose more than her voice in a moment. Oh 44k. Okay, you're right.

The budget is 44k. Thank you. I knew it wasn't 30 not. Okay. So is that 39K gonna all hit in June?

You cannot you can recognize that's gonna talk through my raspy voice. Okay? so that's including things that hit in in May most of it will head in June. So how much of it hidden May? That's what I'm calculating now, right and and we have we have not confirmed.

We have Sean donoho confirmed and the other lady what's her name? Right Rachel? I think it's Peterson or Pederson right Damian. I mean, I I'm David Schloss was posting something looking for events or masterminds to attend. I made a comment that he should come the top one.

I don't know if you want to reach out to him. But I like the only thing is he's I need to find out kind of what he's doing and that's not a conflict of interest with the media and my business. It's just not you know bringing in one client for a 45k year isn't worth potentially losing multiple 5,000 a month clients. So he's doing something different. He's still doing driving.

Okay. Yeah, so appreciate the heads up on that. But if you have anybody else, I know you're always in the notes Eddie. I've yeah, there's a dude in my local Mastermind who was interested in coming. I don't like the guy that he's one of those.

I've done it all I know everyone kind of people so please don't like them why we're gonna put them in the room. No, that's what I'm saying. That's I kind of I told me wasn't ready yet. So Okay, he was interested but I was like, yeah, you're not ready yet. Okay.

Um, all right, so Anybody I got a couple things I want to go over. I want to go over the couple things that are top wanted to make sure we're ready for when he returns. Chris had a really smart idea. I want to talk about maybe what we can pull the trigger on it. And so does anybody have any needs?

Okay, I will let you know. I'm still waiting for May to finally finish baking. There's like one more payroll that needs to hit but may was a fantastic winning month. We far surpassed our targeted net profit goal to hit on track to have net profit be up by 50% and just the overall profitability of the business was one of the best net profit percentage months. We've seen in a very long time and so as a really really good month really solid month and we just want to make sure again don't need home runs.

We just want to stay with the singles yet. Last month definitely was a home run certainly happy when we get them, but we just want to keep with the singles and doubles so we're definitely gonna have some double time to do this month, especially depending It is a little you know, it's part of our business but it's a little nerve-wracking but again the numbers in our favor, you know, certainly we signed two top ones. One of them pays me full that goes a long way to making the month. But remember we have those additional expenses hitting so we're gonna have to hit a higher Revenue. So we're starting out with a slower month and a higher Revenue goal, okay.

What is what is the deal with this? Do we still have sales department? As it depends what day of the week it is? Yeah, we do. So so Alex unfortunately has been dealing with some some ongoing health issues.

Jim is still calling outbounding, you know, once we have a you know, my hope is that once we have the new traffic offer we'll have fresh and more appropriate buyers to feed them. You know again, you know, my are stances We're Not Gonna right now. I'm not stressing. Okay, how many hours you put because they're they're purely commission and we're not we're not feeding them through marketing. So it's not like putting ad dollars or even email sense to feed it.

They're calling buyers. They're calling people who are commenting on things and so on and so forth. And so But the answer is yes, they are still there and certainly the hope is either with the webinar. Even the webinar, you know having people who start to check out and then don't finish we'll get some fresh fresh people for them to hit up. again, without compromising our our marketing strategy and so okay.

So nobody said they need anything so a couple quick things so great. Teddy's gonna get me some emails to look at that have performed. Well so that I can use those modify them. So we have some follow-up emails to the infocast webinar, which will send out to the list first and then the cold traffic Let's just pull up Teddy. Can you please pull up those two pages?

Let's take a look at them real quick just to see if there's any final changes we need on them. And then I want to get to Chris's smart idea. Chris is probably like, what did I say? Yeah, I'm curious and really quick just I have a guy that I'm texting with in regard to this white file. Do you guys remember if if Todd covered in A to Z Workshop he reference at any point the swipe file that he pull up the swipe file at all and use any example.

I got a guy that's like like hey does basically will help me use the swipe file. I can make a case for it. Yes, but I'd like I mean if there's an example where it's like yeah, I only does he will he make it a b and c but he actually pulls it up and uses examples from swipe file our I don't recall. I'm doing that. I thought I'm aware of You know.

you I would probably say that like the A to Z it the eight is eight, right the A to Z Workshop is Todd specific process and how he's creates the type of winning smashing campaigns and copy that you find in this white file. Okay, hold on that was beautiful. Can you please slow that down and say that one more time? Those those gold. I'll type it here.

Okay, beautiful. Thank you. All right. See my screen. Yes, sir.

Okay. um, they had a Okay, good. We have contact information at the bottom. They had a little menu icon in the upper. Right?

I know it's not functional but it was just three little lines actually know what leave it off leave it off. That looks good. Okay, I like the way this looks. Yeah, I do too. clean simple I'm excited.

I'm excited when we get the video on here. Okay, let's go to the order pay. Let's when we click get new customers daily. Obviously, we're gonna put some sort of that'll be delayed whatever how to work on that. Would you like to send your information?

yeah, so You know. yeah, let's just change this to to Let's include the the trying to think what I want on there. What do you think guys should we put I was thinking either we could certainly put the hero in into the product we could put something like just like five stars and habits a you know, that, you know over seven years of proof and testimonials from students clients and Industry leaders around the world something like that. We could certainly, you know, put the promise. So any product any price point in any Market every day.

thoughts I mean, I would if I'm Gonna Change any of our skin change anything was changed it like this is never been a friction Point really so it's like Just want to get them past years quick as part like I don't. Know that extra stuff is gonna make difference. But okay. So let's let's keep it simple. The only thing I'd like to do Teddy is I would like to add phone number here so we can follow up and call them.

Okay, and instead of where would you like us to send your information have it? Just say stuff this one? What's another way to say that instead of where do you want to send her information? Because that's not we're not sending them information. Tell us a little bit about yourself.

No that's too too confrontational and you could just put you know, most of the other ones just say step one contact info. What phone required? Yeah, just something like that get new sales every day with E5 Step on your contact info something like that. Okay. Would you say get new sales with Eva?

Yeah, I chatted it with you get new sales. every day Okay. Okay, then let's see the I know I gave a couple pieces of feedback on the order page. I'd like to see what that looks like. Okay, sleep I'm gonna continue to do without yeah.

Can we use the the one this logo Teddy? So I'm sorry. I should have been more specific. And by the way, the traffic product has been set up. Yes.

What? The traffic product. Yes. No. That's the one that is in notion.

Number one that's two hours do this morning. I thought you don't want I remember seeing a notion was this one? Either way I can Crank It Up. Now, let's use this one Teddy that just says E5 method next to it, please. Oh.

All right change that. I mean, what's what's the deal with masterclass? It's on this says masterclass all over. Yeah, it's it's more I I feel like we have a much better heroine. We don't have a better hero images of this.

One that has like Todd on the screen teaching. We definitely have a better hero image. well, I mean caught on the screen teachings different the product image, right? You know, we have we have a a product image for E5 cam. That is nice than this one.

Does anybody remember other than me? No, I mean, I'm pretty sure we do. I mean it's it usually is classic, you know. bundle bundle image but yeah. I'm pretty sure that's yeah, if you can look around for an adult, I'll take a quick check you too, um just needs to be cleaned up.

These are just placeholder images at the moment for the bullets, but Let me see. What is the control page have on there underneath what they get. Click on that text. The example I sent over. and okay what you get plus three bonuses got it.

Okay. Yeah, I can hop in I'll update those. Whether I mean right now their images. Oh, they are I can make them text bullets though. Yeah, make them text bullets and then let me know when they're up and then I'll update them.

Yeah. Why is this the control by the way do we know this is working? Well. Yeah, this is from. The crypto offer that's being done with what's his face.

Why is his name escaping me, but the answer is yes, you know expression. Why are some of the sites we use so slow? Chris is this the right phone number? Yeah, it's actually not 16, okay. Does anybody actually answer it?

Yeah, and well at least get well at least get their message if we don't. Because anybody answer just making sure it's the right number. anybody yeah. All right, so bullets. And they're coming straight to this page without an opt-in Damien.

Currently that is the plan if I understood top properly. The reason being right we're positioning it as a podcast as a piece of content so you don't opt in for a piece of content. Excuse me, like two more minutes, and if I don't find it and we'll have to set up December behind. there there's no way we don't have a better hero image for our Ultimate product. Yeah, I'm I'm feeling the same thing.

I'm like, I know I like Say I don't have it in my head, but I know we've we've done so many of these and if it's usually his standard, you know. bulk of different different looking sized items that have the different assets and there's Todd teaching on it because I'm always like, you know, I always emphatic about hey put it put a picture of somebody they don't just like You know. I mean if we have any archived offers that we can just pull it up from there. Yeah. Well, that might be way to.

Find it because it might be under a different name, you know. You not a cat. So, what did I hear that when? Oh, you do have a cat. You don't know about you have a cat.

No I said do you have a cat that you don't you're not a cat person now, are you? Sorry, but the amount of respect. I have just monumentally drop if that were the case. You guys hear that? You hear that Mr.

Mittens hater, okay. Hey, there's my brother. How's he doing? Yeah, I will. I love Josh.

I hope he's doing well, but he never organized the images the way that I wanted to despite the fact that he constantly said he was organizing me just the way along. All right. Well that almost looks better. I mean I would be looking. I mean, I guess yeah, you're looking through.

Okay, you're looking through print funnels that makes sense and then I'm looking through notion. Okay, so so that we can cover this after all, right. So so Chris. Can you I'd like you to take take charge on this search click funnels a quick funnels doesn't have it reach out to Volbeat. And if for some bizarre crazy, we have it.

There's absolutely no way we haven't made a better a better hero. I mention that I've worked on so many hero images. There's no way we don't have a better one. And when you say hero image, I mean you're okay with just a bundle picture. Yeah, so, okay.

So here wait. What's this one right here. That's better. Yeah, that's that's a little better. But I feel dude.

Look how nice the hero images for the book. Now. We're selling a two thousand dollar class. We have this ghetto image like that or that's better with the blue circle behind it, but I still think we might have something better than that. I dude if it's not in here, we don't but how do we know what's up?

It's even labeled properly. Well, it could be like e and the word five spelled out. Click on that moment The Blue Egg behind it this one. No, no. The one up yeah that one.

Click on that one. Let's see what that looks like. Put it wrong spot. It's kind of small. Oh, no that that would go where the yes.

I went. I know but I'm just saying okay. I was like still kind of small. Yeah, it doesn't look great. All right Chris check to see if you have a better hero image.

If not step two ask bolby. If not by some crazy reason we don't step three is have him make one. And I want Todds. I want Todd. I want to a picture of Todd teaching and I also want to picture of like Todd in front of people as some of the smaller images that make up the image and use the E5 book bundle as an example.

Okay. So the E5 book bundle doesn't have Todd teaching. So you want separate and just to make sure we're see five book bundle image. Can you pull that up for me for a second, Teddy, please? Yeah, click click that one in the upper upper left, please.

Yeah, so you can see taught taught his teaching over here. He's also on the iPhone. Are in the actual screen? Yeah when they're images like so they get the sense that right because the whole thing is, right. You're I'm gonna walk you through step by step up how to put an E5 campaign into your business.

That's our teaching in that. Yeah, okay. Yes. Yeah. So we you know again it doesn't need to have all the bonuses.

Don't worry about the bonuses because we might change the bonuses, but you need this by Oh Thursday. In case he does I don't like the work we need to redo it. I mean, he's done a hundred a hundred and one. He has but not for E5 dude. Yeah, I know but my point is he knows how to do a hero image you some weird Bonzo thing.

Okay, thank you, Teddy. You can close this. So Teddy's gonna let me know when that's converted to text bullets so I can update some of the copy Chris. You're gonna let any know when you have a better image. Yep.

What do you check marks? Whatever was on the other. Yeah, like yeah little check marks blue check mark Okay, I can okay. All right. So let's talk about so Chris out.

I thought was a really good idea. I think it was yours Chris. I want to say she's not a cat person either. That's why I respect you Glenda. Okay, so I have a cat but if I had my choice it would be homeless.

I think I respect you even more Teddy to say I he got a cat just just because he didn't like cats just so you can make it homeless. That's that's next level. I adopted a cat that I said it free. All right, so listen, um, so Chris had a good idea which was to offer them our current students a a gradient copy copy report. Yeah, right.

So the idea was like, hey, you're doing copy. You're studying copy. How do I know if it's any good? We'd love to give you an E5 braided report from one of our coaches. The idea being for example, we can go back to anybody who's ever bought can.

and offer it legitimately we could probably even go to swipe file buyers since they're obviously passionate about their copy and their their their investors in their education in their craft and send them an email. We would have you know, Michaels on salary and since we've sold three coaching in the last month and a half. I would say Michael should have a wild amount of capacity. To to do these assuming we don't even know what the response rate is. But yeah, they would send us a piece of copy.

we'd have Michael put together a you know, you know either somewhere between the 12 and a 20 point E5 checkpoint list and then he would score he would score and say okay you you know, this is week strong or completely missing or needs help needs Improvement heat assign a score and then once we send it to him we'd say hey, would you you know, hey, we got this done for you would like a little oh, you know, would you like to hop on a call for some additional help and then what again and and one idea here is is not even giving them the option like hey like You once once it's ready for is ready to be really really yeah schedule with Jen Jim would do the review with them. He's awesome percent hundred thousand percent, right? Like hey, you're graded coffee review is ready. Let me set up a call and we'll walk you through it and give you a copy. Yep.

What do you think Eddie? Yeah, I like it. Is it? It's but it's and it's free. It's free to it would be a complementary service to high-paying clients.

That's been a thousand bucks or more. Okay. Maybe we do offer as a paid as a paid service for folks that haven't bought E5 Camp adds ads value and when we know this when somebody pays for something there are different client the minute they pay for something special in full even smaller amount. So, I mean we certainly could could say Hey, you know, this is 397 service. We're just doing a you know.

Small small the positive whatever 47 bucks because you're an 85 client, which is like a copy review blah blah. We'll get you on the calendar, you know, the 47 bucks. Don't worry. Nobody's getting rich. It's just to make sure that you're committed you show up and you stand time or have to do this or you know, and yeah, I mean I would just check with Michael on it.

only because like I know how much Michael sticks to the process and and like if you just throw a piece of copy. and he doesn't have the research or any of that stuff like yeah, whether it's good or bad is one thing right and then whether whether Jim can actually accurately tell them why it's good or bad. Yeah, so that's a great point. I think there's certain things we can identify. For example.

Are there multiple competing? Is there a big idea or is there multiple competing Big Ideas? You don't need any research to identify that right? Right. Is there an is there a unique mechanism that's being presented.

Is there a clear and compelling primary promise? Is there proof in you know, is there is there proof in the copy, you know are is there you know is the offer constructed in you know in sin construction, you know what I'm saying? Well, yeah and and Michael's own words, right 80% If not more of the folks that go even go through E5 camp or even go through E5 coaching. They always end up talking about the product or service in their copy. And so, you know, I don't with those numbers maybe one out of 100 people would would have a clean report maybe but I think he'd be able to find something and all we need is one thing remember, you know, we you know, even if everybody else has 10 10 things that we can ding on them even one thing in context and how you position it one thing could be what's what's hindering your campaign from being a rockstar campaign.

And so it we don't need 10 10 things that are wrong with the campaign. We just need one right first again, right one thing where it's not if you're not getting the results you want and we can identify one thing that's not working. Then that's something we can work on to get better results. exactly Um, and does it make sense to do that? More as a you know, one here submit to staying Michael review when he has time then schedule call with Jim kind of thing or just like back to the A&amp;M kind of green green light rallies.

Whereas a group call everybody submits their thing and everybody that attends. That not everybody. I don't want to hear people copy critique. I don't want to put Michael live in a group in a selling situation. It's really for Jim to sell you fat coaching.

What is that Chris? It's really just an opportunity for Jim to sell E5 coaching because every single person is gonna have an issue with their copy and the solution is E5 coaching. Yeah. Or a it's just depends on where they're at. But yeah.

I think it. What how do you think we should price any thoughts today? because if we're not going to free uh I would do it like no no 99 bucks kind of thing. 99 bucks more if we were gonna go to cold traffic. We probably would charge what 297 397 yeah.

For a full copy critique and it depends what the actual deliverable is, right? It's a deliverables a sales call. But yeah. I mean, but so ultimately when we charge so if so, right so here's the idea. It works to warm traffic.

It's like hey great. Now we have a better way to transition higher ticket buyers into coaching. Um, if it works to cold traffic, then we can actually I would build out a full-blown report. So not only would they would get like three pages customized but then they'd be able to say okay point one is this and they're gonna be like two peaches of teaching they can reference and they get like a full 30 page report. You know what I'm saying?

Yeah, you could definitely build like even like the like the email audit thing like, you know, first five or six pages of that were like definitions and Concepts and stuff like you know, like so it is still be a valuable report. Yeah. I don't think we need to do that right now. I think we could certainly deliver the value for 99 bucks Chris. Yeah, what's great about is this we could position it to where we're gonna send out your report, but we print it right we print the report.

We send it out in a nice nice little whatever binder envelope thing and they jump on the call number one for the address as well. So there's actually there's multiple reasons why we're jumping on the call. But while you know, number one get their address number two cover the E report that they'll get access to when they jump on the call and we verify your address and so there's an actual deliverable that a physical deliverable that's happening and I think that to me I mean again when you're paying that kind of money you can do a lot less. Yeah. Yeah.

Right and it has I agree. I agree. I mean, let's start. Let's start simple right We're Not Gonna Mail anything. We'll charge 97 bucks markdown from 347.

Okay. So we're just gonna need all right. So let me let me put this in leadership and then you can put this notion or wherever you want it Chris, right? Okay. So the e custom coffee critique so far he five program.

You know coffee right? So Teddy we're gonna need order form. 7 and marked down and only Chris get with Michael create a 12 to 20 25 checkpoint. Whatever checkpoint report. Research TV.

Email today Chris. So this is this is a plans obviously. Let me know if that covers everything. so I got a guy that is definitely interested in buying but he says he because he he works at Chick-fil-A and doesn't have the money. So where I have to go ahead and say nothing on that one.

How do you expect that to change if you don't buy this? Exactly off. question, Teddy I know I'm asking you because I trust your sensibilities and it's Todd says I often underestimate the task at hand. Since this is a direct benefit and it's not something that other people typically offer. Do you think we need to do you think I can do it in an email?

You think me pitching on a BSL is better or uh, yeah, I'd say it's probably gonna need at least a vsl. Just a patch. Hey, what's up? Yeah, I mean, yeah, ideally there's some sort of picture of deliverable like hey, here's the report. Here's what's gonna continue we're gonna you know, right so I can do that.

I could I can make a killer video. So so Chris what I need from you is to just have Michael and and look man. I love that. Michael is a former nuclear instructional manual like This is E5. This is the methodology we've had for seven years.

This is not a Like oh man, give me like a month and a half and I'll figure this out like he should know this off the top of his head. He should say. Hey, like after coaching is many years and stuff and looking at he should know. Yeah, these are these are the 10 things or 12 things or 15 things. I could spot right away and tell whether or not a campaign has major problems.

right And so once you get me that list, I'll put that into a cool little PDF. And then it'll allow me to make a video and just say and I'll send a little video that says hey, you know, would you like a you know, would you like us to do a copy critique for you? I mean don't we have that Chris don't we have somewhere like what we use what the checklist was for the the green light sessions? Oh geez. Yeah, that was different though.

The green lights sessions were were that was agora's copy process for vetting like big marketing ideas and headlines and leads that was different than this is specifically We know that for E5 campaigns or our scalable. And they contain multiple Parts. You have to have an eight valve engine. You have to have this this this this and now we can look at a campaign and say you have this you don't have this you have this but it's only half done and you're missing these three parts. Yeah, you can say the reason your campaign.

You know what we've identified as lacking in your campaign or these things. Yeah, and I would also say for us just keep the streamlined as building on a template for it doesn't need I mean again. If it's a 347 product, you know, and we don't to spend a bunch of time. We're not gonna print it but I still think it needs to be in a formatted again that's easier for for Michael if it is preformatted that way every every copy right again for this initial initial little test. I would like to just if we could just do three of these before Todd gets back it would be great.

Again. This is not a huge money maker. I just send it to solve some old, you know, they'll get a PDF with a thing and every area is either marked, you know, strong needs Improvement missing, you know, why you don't even have this like, you know, we can't grade your unit back. You don't even have You know. Yeah.

um Does that make sense Kristen and once you once you get me that I'll make a pretty PDF if I know Mike Michaels actually read better at designing stuff than I am or he can make it and then I'll make a sweet little video. Okay, so you want him to make the template for it? Yeah having to okay. I mean I can do it. But I I he did the whole companion piece his stuff looks way cooler than mine does.

I would actually do that's brilliant. That's brilliant. We totally should use some of the art images. He created from the companion book. Because again, they're so different, you know.

the coming from Josh his thing was like on the on that was that was so and maybe it's making its rounds again. But I know that that style was popular years ago of what Michael did anything Teddy. I think it could be a little outdated. It might be making drones again, but the workbook you're talking about. Yeah.

Yeah, that was a thing. You remember like was a 10 10 years ago where everybody was doing the you know videos? Yeah. That's on it. Yeah, and look I here's the thing.

I've seen a ton of it too. But Michael didn't just draw Doodles. It was like I'm gonna talk about this and now here's a doodle like he Incorporated the methodology into the illustrations. That I've not seen it's usually just like do you like click funnels? And there's like a drawing of a guy going?

Like that that has that has nothing. That's just putting generic drugs. He actually Illustrated. I I've seen the Adam. I mean they've animated built out and animated videos with this stuff.

But again, I still think it looks good. I'm not opposed to it. I don't know how many digital fashionistas we're gonna be attracting anyways, so I think we're good. I'll have them all of them right now again, I don't know how long that took for him to do that. That could have been like you really want to know how long it took me again.

My point was I would take some stuff from there. So if we you know what I'm saying, like take a couple pages from there that explain the Big Marketing idea unique mechanisms cpb chunks send off or construction like take a couple of those illustrations. I'm not asking to create anything new to repeat. He is not creating other than the checklist. He's not creating anything new.

I'm just saying incorporating those Graphics into it could give me something really visual good that I can show on on a pitch. Okay. Yeah, so so whatever the 5 10 15 major things I guarantee if I look at copy if I look at somebody's campaign. I'm gonna find these these 10 issues. These are ten issues.

I'm not right or these are the 10 things. I would look at to be able to assess does this guy have decent copy or is this thing a train wreck? And and then companion book any of the images that are in correlation with those 10 items will help you and so we get you that I can go in the report. Okay. Okay.

So you want those 10 images in the report? I'm just trying to picture this report. So the report says, you know E5 E5 method, you know, when it'll say their name Chris losey, you know how to lose weight campaign dated, you know, whenever it was it was, you know, critique completed by this time and date. They open it up. Right?

It'll have a couple of Concepts right couple the pages explaining the key Concepts and and then it'll have their evaluation report. right after checklist and their score gotcha. Okay, and then at the last page there would be a recommendation which the recommendation would be, you know again for now. I'll write it once it's time to write it. I'll write the recommendation.

or Teddy do you agree? How many pages are you picturing this thing? Obviously cover page obviously the it's just one the two page report a recommendation page and a couple pages of explanation. So maybe like eight nine pages Max. Well, yeah, I think we could probably do it in less I think cover page right because if not getting this thing out this week is it just I can imagine with him not being designer.

This will probably take a lot more time than it than than it should just because again, he's this is out of his wheelhouse. So less pages, I think would be better that's out of his wheelhouse. He didn't entire companion book. Am I how long do I don't know. He's not a designer.

I don't know all on it. So come I mean it's taking a year to do that book. You know, I mean, he doesn't really he doesn't really do not get an illustrated book of our entire methodology. That was a hundred pages long for free without anybody asking him you're saying he's not a designer. I mean again, I wouldn't call that design.

I went design and doodles. He doesn't have a whole lot. He doesn't do a whole lot aside from him. He eats sleeps Breeze what what we do and so I don't know how long like he's not doing a bunch of extra curricular stuff like on the side except from writing his bike every every now and then through Paris and I'm not being I'm just saying like it could have taken a long time is my point like it could have taken him six months to build that thing out and he he would love to do it. That's I want to send the email out by Wednesday morning.

So if I will get something together, but that we can if he's dragging his feet and you need to call Damian the designer to help then call Damian the designer to help. Okay? Okay. Well it it's already almost evening. So I'm gonna have about one one to one and a half days to knock this out with him.

So Wednesdays, it's just again, this is where I need you to not have an operational hat. I need you to have an ENT. Or Ohio, I would literally go into His companion guide. I would I would take screenshots of the pages. I like I throw them on a PDF.

I put some headlines and I make a chart. I actually like that. I read on it under 90 minutes. Hold on this get again screenshots and and dropping that into a sheet. That's just gonna look janky.

I would rather have it simple, dude, you're not you're not you're missing the point Chris. I think we're saying how many how many people how many people do you think we're gonna sell on this test? I have no idea. All I'm saying is I've been we're not I'm telling you. We're not gonna sell more than three to five exactly.

So keep it simple that that's my word about how it looks for the three to five. What I'm worried about is that we deliver quality value to the three to five people not me too. Yeah. This is my screenshots screenshots of a companion book to me isn't isn't Deliverance. I would just do I would have the report and I would just deliver the entire workbook as a bonus.

Like right looks done. Very good. Brilliant Teddy report. Plus the workbook is a bonus. Great, Daddy.

Gentry very good Teddy. Thank you for being some some sense of reason. I know Glenda probably would have said something reasonable if she had her voice and so okay. We're good Chris. So you're just making a report page.

Yep, just for that that is is more than doable. Perfect. Yeah, and so once I have the report page from you and also send me the companion guide because I don't know where my copy is then I can make a cool little pitch video just say hey, this is Damian, you know top around everybody, okay? That exactly what you just said. Okay, and then that's great.

And again, we'll leak it out to a small segment of E5 buyers and then we'll we'll go from there and see if we can get you know again the goal here is just to see if we get three people see if Michael can execute on it. See if they're happy with the results see if it leads to productive call again. Got it. Yep. We're good with what we'll want to wire up how we want to so once they buy it.

Maybe what we should do is have them schedule their call to review it right then and there as well that way it's already yeah, it's fun. Welcome to Jim's call calendar. Just he's just gonna need a different schedule. Yeah different schedule, maybe like a week or honestly, this is where this is where I'm gonna tell you that automation doesn't save time when you're automating three things. There's no saving of time you're better off.

Just when the reports done having Jay shell reach out and say hey Jim can walk you through your critique and assessment on Friday or Tuesday. What works for you? Yeah, that works as well. Remember they paid money for this. No 100% I'm just saying if we if we automated it.

It's already on the calendar, but that's fine. That's that's too complicated. Well automate it. Jim won't realize what the appointments for. It'll go south don't automation is good.

When you have a process a system that works and you're ready to scale and something is unproven automation is not your front. I know that hurts you a little bit. Yeah, I'm good. Just agree 100% don't want to do it four times. I say you I sent you the workbook and Slack.

Thank you. Okay. Alright, so you have the workbook now you just need to report. Yep. Perfect.

All right. I'll see you guys and gals later. Okay. Are you gonna be on the coaching level 10 Chris to talk about that or yeah, I'm gonna have to All right. See y'all later.

All right.
