---
title: "Level 10 2023-06-26 15:30:03"
date: 2023-06-26
duration: 45m
duration_seconds: 2744
vimeo_id: 839788022
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-06-26 15:30:03

**Date:** 2023-06-26 | **Duration:** 45m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

I heard monsters are bad for you, sir. Yeah, lots of things are bad for me. Oh goodness. Of course. I've been, of course, after seeing that, after seeing that top one pick, uh, yeah, I probably need to stop drinking monsters and eating a lot of crap and, and start gonna gym.

That was bad. Oh, stop it. Which thing? I posted a bunch of them. It's the team one where I got, I look like, look like I'm pregnant.

Oh, stop it. Me. That's it. You're supposed to agree with me and say, yeah, look pregnant, get yours. No, That's what a good counsel.

What's up? Gang's up. Hey. Hey. Got, How's everybody doing?

Good. Pretty good. Yeah. Okay. Very cool.

Very cool. Anybody have, uh, anything exciting, uh, news, personal or, or work-wise they wanna share with the crew? I got Internet. You got internet. Congratulations, Chris.

Yeah, Thank you. My, my BSL is almost done. Your BSL is almost done. Awesome. How do you feel about it?

Uh, I feel good about it. It's a, it's a little, it's a little long, long. I gotta trim it, I think. Um, but actually I ran it by Benson and he liked it, so. And what are you gonna, or how are you gonna, are you gonna record it using vsl, your voice in Vsf?

Uh, in ai? Are you gonna record All ai? It's not my voice. It's not my name. I, I'm not associated with this offer at all.

Wow. That's really hands off. Okay. Just in case. And just to catch, uh, Glenda, you, uh, Glenda you up and Chris as well.

Uh, handful of months ago we were talking about AI stuff. We were talking about, hey, what would it look like to have an E five campaign built with ai? And so charged Teddy to start digging into it, Teddy had the good sense to say, well, I should go through a AA to really get a sense of what AA is and how a campaign is built so I can see where the opportunities are with ai. And in that process, uh, has worked with, uh, John, uh, uh, not John Michael and AI to come up with an offer about stopping how to quit smoking built, uh, and leverage through ai. And so Teddy's putting the finishing touches on that, and then we will run ads to it and see whether or not an E five AA AI generated campaign can actually convert.

Um, and certainly if it can, that will be, uh, very interesting. Even if it can't, doesn't mean we won't try again. Uh, but it all starts with launching the first ship in the space and seeing what happens. Is, is John running the traffic on this? Yes.

That's, that's a great question. So Teddy, um, so we'll be ready. Yeah. We will have John run the traffic on this. Um, and so just, uh, I'll probably, I'll probably do the creatives or maybe we'll have AI do the, or I'll do the creatives with AI or something like that.

I'll figure that out. Yeah. And then we could probably grab some of the creative, the, uh, software I use to create the V S L. So it's not, it's not just a, uh, text on white, it's not black text on a white background. It's actually, you know, little video clips.

Uh, it's, uh, it's victory, uh, which does a really great job of you just feed the script and it kind of builds the video with, with all the right visuals for the most part. Um, so I mean, there there'll be some visuals from there that we could potentially grab and use as well. Yeah. So I, I thought you'd, you'd get a, uh, this week in ai. Uh, so we're Wealth with God, uh, fired their Facebook agency and brought them over to E five since E five.

Uh, and John and E five are doing a great job scaling their YouTube. They needed some fresh creative. So, uh, as always, you know, I love spreading my creative wings this time with, uh, with the help of ai. And so I think, uh, everybody will, will get that's, uh, ai Jesus holding a, a board meeting. Uh, I thought that was, I thought that was pretty hilarious.

Um, there's this one, uh, also AI generated Generat. What did you use? Did you use Mid Journey? Mid Journey? Yeah.

Really? Yeah. Wow. You need to have him like at the stock exchange or Something. Yeah.

Yeah. I mean, it's, it's funny. I mean, it's, it's certainly thumb stopping. Uh, and then there's, uh, this one, this is the, uh, you know, the Michelangelo, Jesus, uh, apparently he's got like his, uh, TTD Ameritrade account or something opened in the background. Uh, I thought that was, uh, I'm pretty proud of them.

Yeah, I I, I'm, I'm definitely impressed. I, my experience with Mid Journey, uh, is that text you sent me, uh, Damien, which I feel I, I've now shared multiple times. You know, the hand, I don't know if I know if Teddy's seen, seen it. It's brilliant. Uh, you, you should share it with Teddy, cuz I think You saw that meme, right?

Mid Journey, mid Journey's gonna take all the designer jobs and then it was like, it was like AI accepting the job. No, I didn't, I Didn't see that. Oh, you didn't see that timeout? That's, it's, It's gold. It's Educational.

What my experience is done. Hold on. Always so close, but so wrong. You know what I mean? Hold on one second.

Lemme pull this up. So I'm surprised you're able to pull this off with is my point. I feel like they would've done made Jesus the computer or something, you know? Oh, No. Look, there are some really weird things that happened.

Um, I love it. That, that is so hilarious and right for so many reasons. They are getting better at the finger thing. It's still bad, but it's not nearly as bad as it was. Um, fingers and eyes.

Ears and eyes, Yeah. Spot on. Um, but yeah. Okay. Uh, kinda on that topic, did you guys get a chance to see what, uh, Michael put together, um, separate from, from you Teddy, on the, uh, on an E five campaign using, uh, Chachi pt?

No. Where, where did he post that? I saw he posted something on Friday or Five coaching. Yeah. Take, I I would take a look.

It's, it's, Was that the story lead failure? Is that, is that what I'm looking at? No, no. He just did a mock, uh, you know, landing page, uh, you know, a a minimum viable just one page. Uh, and it's not edited, so he didn't go through and edit it at all.

Just making a point, like, can we, you know, can we build this out with chat sheet, BT, so I know he did it a little bit separate from that. So I'm only saying that because I think, you know, if there is, you know, something unique and different, Teddy for you, since you've gone through it, if there's anything you could pick up maybe to refine what you've already did done, um, and maybe combine the two. It looks like he's, you know, Yeah. He's Working that as well. Look, this, this is, this is the opportunity.

I mean, is it the, is it the takeover, the world opportunity? No, but in reference to the boat we currently are, you know, we currently drive and what we've built over the last eight or nine years, like yeah. If we can, if we can show that there's an ability to build an E five campaign, the proven methodology that we've promoted for five or six years, that recognizing the industry and we can do it with ai, which dramatically collapses the timeframe, increases the likelihood of success, and dramatically decreases our costs so that we can charge a very different price. Like yeah, I think we could have something significant and meaningful. Um, but we, I mean yeah, but it, but not until we can see it actually does something.

I, I, I will say that, that I, that I, I am finding a, a little bit of, of a disconnect, uh, in the, and this may be just something I gotta talk through with, with Todd, uh, and or Michael and fully understand, but like, you know, the, the E five method and the way that the, the copy comes out and is structured, uh, especially the campaign argument, uh, part of it to a certain degree is it, it comes across geared more towards a sales letter. But we tell people to test minimum viable funnel with A V S L. And there's, and there's nuances to A V S L. Like, I found myself using some of, some of Benson's templates for VSLs because it just had the more logical transitions and pieces to keep them engaged and watching the video that wouldn't be necessary in a written sales letter. Right.

Um, so I think there, there's something there to, to look at as well. Gotcha. Hmm. Okay. Um, I think, right, like when we tried converting VSLs to sales letters, like it just wasn't enough meat or, or vice ver, you know, or I think that was like, what was it?

The, wasn't the copy boarding or the year winning offer, right? Like it just didn't do as we took the VSL format and just took the literal VSL and converted the sales letter didn't do quite as good. Yeah. That could be other reasons too, but I'm just saying it's a different, it's a slightly different format or record. Yeah.

Okay. Um, so, uh, a couple quick updates. Uh, wanna talk about bullet campaigns, wanna talk about notion, and then anything else that is on, uh, anybody's agenda or docket. Um, so first of all, uh, bullet campaign. So the bullet workshop, uh, hit good.

So we're at, uh, right around 12 grand, which is great. Um, you know, not huge money, but always good to see we're adding value. Uh, with that upsell we put in Teddy converted at 50%, um, which is kind of neat. And so what happens next is this week we're gonna be doing the campaign rescue, which you pulled the pieces, I gave, uh, all the instruction to Chris, Chris is gonna be putting together. Chris, I do have time later this afternoon.

Um, so if you're ready or when you're ready for me to like, look through stuff from a strategy standpoint, like let me know. I'll hop in, I'll dive in, look through the campaign and stuff like that. Okay. I didn't know that was an option. Um, so I'm go, I'm going through that all day today.

So, uh, Yeah, yeah. No, it, it is, it is. Uh, you know, I wanna make sure really, honestly, uh, yeah, I wanna take a look at everything, but then also just make sure that strategically right, it makes sense, right? We're going from the page, uh, you know, we're gonna have, uh, we're gonna do the paid, uh, paid consult, correct, Teddy. Mm-hmm.

Right? We're gonna do paid consult and, and we'll also drop 'em into an E five webinar. Uh, really. So again, you know, it's an opportunity. We wanna keep our, our list active consuming, but then there's also the value on putting something on the back where it's like, okay, great, we sell one or two E five s, maybe we sell a coaching.

Um, that's how we, you know, that's how we turn singles in the doubles. Um, and, and Chris, you know, real important, like let's, you know, uh, if we get a couple paid consults, let, let's pull through a coach. Let's pull through a coach, right? Let's bring 'em in. Uh, and then next, the week after, that'll be pretty straightforward.

Uh, we'll do the, uh, 17th for one, which we haven't done for a while. We'll anchor it around a holiday, which worked very successfully with Black Black Friday. This time we'll anchor it around Independence Day, uh, which is kind of neat. And, uh, I've already updated all the, the content, uh, uh, I've updated the page, the design and stuff like that. Chris is just gonna update the emails.

And as I mentioned, uh, we don't wanna just update the emails. We probably want to create either a duplicate campaign or duplicate something. I'll let Teddy sort it out with you. Yeah. We already figured It out.

Okay. Yeah. Cause obviously we don't wanna erase the Black Friday stuff cuz we will run Black Friday again in the fall. Yeah. Um, but yeah.

But hopefully that'll, that'll do, uh, well again, anchored in leveraging the holiday, which we see as something that works. Um, any questions on that? Nope. Okay. So I will show you A actually, uh, Damian, would you, would you rather have, cuz I'm gonna be working through that campaign today for, uh, a Wednesday launch.

Uh, would you rather have me, cuz my, my system is, I'm gonna proof first, I'm gonna proof, make sure that it's all saying the same thing, and then I'm gonna look through strategy wise. And so would it make more sense? Would you rather have I would, I would, I would look through strategy. Like I said, I, I pulled various pieces from various different campaigns around that offer just to get different copy in there. So you're gonna, Oh, so it's not in the right, it's it's Unnecessarily.

I mean, I, I put it in what I, you know, but quick glance, logical order. But no, I didn't do a deep dive on the strategy and logic there. Okay. All right. So then I'll reverse that.

Um, okay. Okay. That make sense, Chris? Yeah. Yeah.

So I'll just have to spend more time on the Yeah, and if you, I mean, I could, I could look at stuff tonight. I can make time tomorrow. I'll figure it out. Okay, cool. If I got, um, By the way, Chris, like the, the just one little trick, like the easiest way to, to kind of look at all the emails in a campaign is to just like attach, uh, an email clicked goal to the sequence that contains all the emails, and then open up that email link click goal.

And you could see all the emails kind of in One shot. I have no idea what you said, but I wanna know what you just said. Okay. I'll just to Like, I, I, I, I want that. So if, yeah, that's a Quick, quick, easy way to look at stuff.

Awesome. Thank you. Okay. Um, hey, good to see you, Glen. Alright.

Um, I think we all have to step up our, our, our game. I mean, she's got cool glasses on. I was just gonna say, Linda looks up. I Was, I was driving, so I had to pick up my son from football camp, so that's why I didn't have my camera on lot, a lot going on in my car. I'm, I'm just, I'm just trying to get to like 2002 right now.

So, I mean, I feel you're way past, you're way past this soon, Bob Way. Did, did, did you let your, did you let your son know that Todd wants to sponsor him? Well, I, I did talk to him. He's like, I dunno, he's not really feeling the bodybuilding thing. He's like more into mma, so that's why.

Okay. But I haven't let him do that either, so he's not gonna do that. But yeah, What's, what's, what's his thing? What, what, what do you mean? Let, Excuse me.

We're let you know, I encourage that boy, do whatever he is passionate about. Don't you get in way That's right. Lives. So, uh, I, uh, I'll send you picture of this. This is re this is all relevant.

Okay. One second. Send him out to Paul's house for a week. Let Paul kick. Oh gosh.

If you have that, uh, for all of you. Just a, just a recommendation before we hop, uh, forward on this. Um, couple years back, I bought the kids edition of, uh, cashflow, Robert Kiyosaki's Cashflow Game. So I started playing it when Nomi was like six. Um, and then, uh, recently I actually was hanging out, uh, with James Fry, and he was like, oh, my son and I started playing the full game.

And I was like, how old's your son? He is like, you know, 11. I was like, dude, I was like, I gotta get the big game. And I asked him, I was like, you want the big game? They're like, yeah, we, we'll get the big game.

So I got the big game, dude, it is off the chart. Like if you don't have it, it is the most expensive board game you will buy, but I think the best. So that is our first game. Um, I, I had, I had my eight year old at the table table filling out a full financial statement, including like, expenses, liabilities, her cashflow, like all this stuff. And she's writing this stuff down and I'm like, all right.

I'm like, Nomi, you gotta put your credit card debt over here. You have to put, uh, this is your salary. Wow. And she's filling it out and she's going, dad, I like this. This is fun.

And I'm like, Jesus, Jesus. Um, but, but in all seriousness, I I, the game is like a hundred bucks. If the game costs 5,000 bucks, I think it would be a worthy investment, not just for kids, but for adults. Like, I can't recommend it high enough. Um, okay.

Actually, and it's fun. I mean, it's not just, yeah, no, I mean, it's a fun, yeah. I mean, it, it's still a board game. It's not like, you know, it is still a board game, but it's not like cats and farts and dynamite or whatever that game's called. But yeah, it is still a fun game, um, exploding.

Yeah. It, it is. And it's funny cuz even when I play it with my kids, I find it deeply convicting and it's like, man, I'm stuck in the rat race. Like, what am I doing, man? I gotta get, I gotta change my quadrant and, uh, and do some stuff.

But anyways. So, uh, let's take a look, uh, while we're talking about bullets and then open up the notion board. So here's what our tentative, again, always a tentative calendar. We're gonna pivot based on how the list responds, so on and so forth. Uh, as mentioned, we have, uh, I just moved this into Q3 because it made more sense in terms of planning.

We have campaign rescue, which, uh, for all I intents and purposes is a new offer. The list hasn't seen this thing in a year or two, maybe longer. Uh, and never in bullet form. We'll have our black Friday, 4th of July, uh, Todd's working on the new Joel offer. We'll run, uh, email Persuasion triggers, which we did get a lot of buyers on it, but we've never run it as a bullet.

Um, E five. Uh, and then we'll see a micro bullet, which I'll get back to. Uh, you know, we are gonna have a mid ticket AI offer. Uh, and so I've held off on running the low ticket, uh, shoot, uh, script shoot share that did really well because I don't wanna draw, I don't wanna scratch the itch for the list. Uh, and so we'll have a mid ticket.

Um, and, uh, the rest of it is pretty straightforward. I do wanna run, uh, a Gore Copy school. Uh, we haven't run it in a really long time. I'm not sure what's gonna be involved and making it current and making sure it's not dated. Uh, but I certainly think it's a, you know, it's an interesting program.

It's different, uh, even though people have talked about Aurora at this point, uh, it, it's, so, I mean, we see one-off sales for here and there. Uh, we see it on the back of stuff. And so I think it's, it's worth bringing back out to our list, especially again because with a high ticket, you know, sell 10, 15 units, uh, that's good. And I think that that's a reasonable target. The, uh, micro bullets is something we're gonna be, uh, I don't wanna talk about now because I know we're getting this bullet ready and the next bullet ready.

Um, but once we're okay, and the air is clear, that's gonna be the strategy we talked about last week, which Teddy said he'll be able to leverage some of the work he did with Rich, where we'll be converting those copy calls into sort of these mini offers, leveraging AI to write some of the, the bullet copy and maybe even some of the emails, uh, and running those kind of on the back end of a week. So if E five starts on a Monday, most of the people to their sequences by Thursday, we can drop two emails to a micro bullet and see how it performs, and then play around with some of the upsells and stuff like that to see, uh, what we can do to, um, to just, you know, generate a little bit more revenue from it. But also remembering like, look, there's, while there's this balance between making sure people, we don't give people too many opportunities to scratch the itch, there's also value when, when you give somebody something at a low enough price point that's easily consumable enough where they go, wow, that was really good. What else did they have? Right?

It's different when you give somebody a $47 product and it's like, yeah, these are 97 bonuses I created and 17 hours da da. Right? That really makes them go like, man, I'm gonna, I don't need to buy anything else. I didn't even go through all this stuff yet. Like, I don't know when I don't have time.

But when you could give 'em one thing around one problem or one issue that they could sit down in one sitting and consume it and get something valuable that instead of scratching the itch, that that builds, uh, I believe a greater propensity to buy from us again. Does that make sense? Ok. Let's hop over to Yes. And, and Damien, the, the, the micro bullet, um, is that the idea where you said you, you know, last quarter, okay, come, come this quarter, we're gonna be, you know, splitting, you know, one person's gonna do X, another person's gonna do y, another person's gonna do Z.

Is that, is that where it's now manifesting as far as, uh, Yes, the manifestation is coming into, into fruition. Okay. So full manifestation. So yeah. So that is, that is something that, uh, we're gonna wanna figure out.

We're gonna wanna nail and we're gonna wanna be able to have it be, uh, basically that all, all it is on Todd's part is saying, Hey, this copy call and this topic, I think would be hot for the market. And then you with Teddy's assistance, but you are able to take it, get it transcribed, feed it into something, have that thing, pull out the benefit bullets, put it into a templatized page, have it, then spin out the email, like figuring all that out. Make sense? Yeah, yeah. I mean, so you're saying creating the product as a result of it too?

Like report form? No, the pro the product. The pro, yeah. So we will, we will turn the, the recording into a report. Okay.

So we won't have it as recording. We'll probably do it as like a a, and I wrote this down somewhere. It'll be a report. It'll be a report. Gotcha, gotcha.

So report, uh, email. So, or, And maybe like a couple action sheets. Okay. So report, you know, and It'll be whatever, 27 bucks, 37 bucks. Okay.

I guess, yeah. When we get closer to it. Um, well, let's definitely, uh, and, and when are you thinking like, we'll be able to start launching this, Uh, third week, third week of July? Maybe We could July. Okay.

Yeah. So I would say, uh, early next week, let's start talking about it. Once we know the July 4th thing is dialed, um, there'll be little for Right. You know, so Todd's gonna run the Joel offer. There's little for you to do on the email persuasion.

So after these two bullets are good, you should have capacity and focus to talk about micro bullets. Okay. I'm excited. Uh, but yeah, that, that'll be important. And, and like I said, you know, this is, this is part of, and I'm, I'm so, uh, appreciative, uh, and grateful that you have, uh, just this grow and change attitude, Chris.

Like, this is part of like, just like businesses change and roles of law. Like this is, this is really valuable. It's what, what we, you know, we don't have a ton of customer service right now, like, um, but you stepping in and being able to pull these pieces together and leverage tools, like, it's super valuable. And so I'm excited to, to see you have a great attitude and that you're, uh, you're bringing value with it. So, so keep it up.

I I, I will, I will say, by the way, on that, just the topic of, uh, organizations evolving in the world of AI and all that kind of stuff. There's a, there's a really good, uh, YouTube video, uh, with Tom biu from Impact Theory interviewing, uh, Peter Diamandis and Saline something or other. Um, but, uh, it's, it's worth watching at least up until they start discussing reincarnation. And then you guys might wanna tune out, but, and then maybe watch the last 15 minutes past that part. Uh, but, uh, it was, it's an interesting discussion for sure.

Is it, is it, is it theory, uh, is is there some like practical theory that you can Yeah, It's just, yeah, I mean, they, they got an interesting framework, uh, called Scale Ideas, uh, which is kind of about, um, you know, what an exponential organization looks like. Uh, and forget what all the acronyms stand for. But, uh, I've got the, I've got the word I bought the, I bought the, the, it's funny, I bought the Audible, and then literally the next day, a friend of mine sent me the Kindle version just out of the blue. It was like, Hey, you should probably read this. Yeah, Yeah.

You know, I, I don't know if you saw that video I posted, uh, reposted that Todd had shared with me with the guy who was kind of explaining, and you'd commented, Teddy, how if you just dialogue with Chachi pt, it doesn't learn, it makes it a little more complicated if you wanna do it again, so on and so forth. Um, but it was just a reminder, like when I watched that video, my first comment to Todd was like, look, you know, like, I get it and it's kind of cool, but the dude fe, the dude behind the machine, like wasn't clueless. Like he had a good understanding of who his pro, you know, who his audience was, why his product was special. And that's why, you know, and so I think we just have to m and more, at least currently, and I, and I honestly believe for the foreseeable future, I, I mean, not just like a year, I believe for the f I think we're, I don't think we're in a Terminator. I don't think we're in the Terminator movie.

I think we're an avatar. Both Cameron references both movies I didn't particularly love, but really where we're gonna find out that the machine is only as powerful as impressive as the person operating the machine. Um, until you find the tree, though. Until you find the tree, I said, until you find the tree, and then everything changes, you know, the watch. Yeah.

Maybe you didn't watch Avatar then? No, I watched it once, and honestly, I kind of found it boring. Um, no, sorry, I didn't get your avatar reference, um, Because it made the avatar actually come, come, come alive. So it would be kinda So, you know, so with this, you know, like, look, you know, like I know that we can pull it together with you going like, Hey, Teddy, can you do this? Hey, Michael, can you look this over, da da da.

But what I really want is for you to figure out understanding our business, having a, a founda, you're not a copywriter, but you, you have a foundational understanding of what good copy is and being able to get the tools together and say, yeah, ma'am, we could turn these things out. Like we can turn these things out. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Um, and so, uh, and, and this is a big deal too, because look, I know we're all kind of like, yeah, man, you know, I made an image for Jim's ads with ai, and Teddy did a little something like this.

And, you know, I did the copy legends, you know, one of the letters was written, you know, like we're kind of throw, but this is a chance to actually integrate AI into a strategy where it's like, oh yeah, we fire micro bullets eight times a quarter, and they're done 95% by AI enabled by a competent driver. A k a Chris. Yeah. I, I, I, I actually do agree. I mean, I think that's where we're at right now.

Uh, where, you know, it, it's, if you can't identify what good copy is, I mean, how can you leverage AI at this point? I mean, it's gonna be, it's gonna be very, very, very hard. So I think a lot of what you said is, is spot on, especially for us. What is the next stage where, where, you know, what, what if we can implement it into our business right now, uh, in a day in and day out fashion, uh, where it's actually producing, there's a, there's a tangible r o i on the central part of our business, I think then that is, that is a foundational stepping stone into those bigger conversations with Yeah. And, and so both, both, this, the, the project that Teddy's working on with the, the AI stop smoking, and then where I could see it going right, is if that works, okay, now we can potentially sell AI enhanced E five, E five AA ai.

Um, but then even once we see micro bullets work, then Teddy to your idea, right? Your, your Uber segmentation idea. If we prove that, like, wow, like, man, we can put together some cool products and cool solutions and we can do it, you know, uh, with ai, and we could, well now all of a sudden we can explore that. Like, hey, you know, let's run a quiz funnel that drops people into 14 different buckets because we were able to create 14 different micro products. Do you know what I'm saying?

Like, we can do things that right now, it would be like, oh yeah, let's segment people and let's go in the, and the, and the shed and figure out what we in the shed to kind of shove the people. And it doesn't, and some of it's outdated and some of it's at different price points, and some of it doesn't actually address the issue. But once we see that, uh, wow, we can actually leverage the right, we're getting smart enough to leverage these tools the right way, I think it opens up, uh, it makes those other strategies not theoretical, it makes them, uh, implemented. I, you know, I, I, so I agree with everything you just said. Um, what I was gonna say was, you know, we're coming up, coming up on, uh, on a new quarter in July, and, uh, you know, I felt the, I felt the call with Matt Le on Friday was, was a little interesting, but just that conversation about, you know, planning flags and, and what, like, like I feel it'd be, it'd be advantageous for us to think about doing, uh, one of our old e o s type two day retreats and just really the four of us getting together and figuring out where we're gonna plan a flag.

Yeah. Cause it was actually, it was a little painful. Like, I love Matt, right? Wanted wanna see him succeed, but I was like, wait a minute. Like, we could be on it like giving this guy our best ideas.

Like we could own, we could be in that space too. Do we wanna be in that space? Are we in that space? Yeah. We're certainly not bop right?

But, you know, But Why not? It's a big market. Like Yeah, no, it, it's, it's a good question. So I, I just wanna honestly, um, it, it seems like we've been back, like, you know, for Todd, it's been back, you know, again, show ended, went to Brazil top one. Now he's finally, it's the, he's, he is in Vero Beach with his wife.

It's the first time he is spent uninterrupted time with her in like six months. And so I just want to be respectful to just, I wanna pressure him more than I already have to be like, dude, we need to sit down and talk about the future and opportunities and the team and the thing and da da. So I'm just kind of, I wanna give him space to, to kind of, you know, Todd, Todd always will kind of give you, you know, give you that look and go like, dude, I gotta think, like, I need room to think. So I just want to give him some room to think. And then, uh, but I do agree with you, right?

Like, ultimately we do have to kind of step back and say, okay, well what is, what is the opportunity? What is the plan? Where, where does this all, you know? But, um, but I'll echo what Todd has said from the beginning, that right now we're sort of like, okay, we, we all know a AI is here, AI's gonna change a tremendous amount of stuff, but we still don't really have a whole lot of proof in the pudding of what's possible. And so us, nobody does of July.

What was that? Nobody does. Nobody does. But it's very right to all of a sudden say, Hey, we're gonna base an entire strategy on, so we have no, but if we come out here and we say, Hey dude, we're building these micro offers and they're able to convert to our list of 3%, or we built an a campaign for a new niche, and Teddy did it in a quarter of the time, and it actually worked as well as if he did it. But like, that is, that's something we can actually go, okay, now, now what are we gonna do?

You know? I mean, I I I I do agree with what you're saying. I mean, there is that, there is that element though. I think what Teddy is spot on on is, is, you know, it's like we're in the midst of a gold rush and of, of course, people in the gold rush, it's like, I mean, you know, people in the moment who are making those jumps will look back on and be like, man, it was wide open. It was this, it was that.

Um, but in the moment everybody's fumbling, should I sell sell shovel? Should I, should I sell sandwiches Two guys? You know? And I know that that's the old example. And I know we, we came up with a new example, but in the midst of the moment, I, I, I, I get, it's, it's kind of hard to see.

It's almost like you, you don't know you're a shirt if you're a thread, right? Like, you know, a thread doesn't know it's part of a shirt. I mean, it, there is that element of unknown because it is so different. But I, I'm with you on that. I mean, what if, what if we plan for after?

Cuz this quarter's gonna tell us a lot of information to what you're saying, Damien, right? I mean, if we do have some success with these bullets, we have success with, uh, Teddy's campaign, um, then when we gather together in, let's just say September or something, we, we could actually bring something to the table and then Big sky thing. Yeah. I, I I think that's, I think that's good. I think certainly the more we can start to get some proof in the pudding, I think more we can sell, accelerate that process.

Um, but, but let's say, you know, I understand that July to September is a lifetime in this, in what's happening. Yeah. I mean, but that, I mean that's, I was literally having this conversation with, with, uh, with John before. And I, I want to keep this a little short cause I gotta get some notion items for us. And I also gotta have a quick bio before my 1230 is, um, you know, I said to John, you know, cuz I scheduled a call with John, me, Todd, and John to talk about some, some AI imprint ideas for next or, and he's like, oh, he is like, what are we talking?

And I was like, well, I said, it's a funny thing, you know, when we schedule a meeting that's more than a week out with the way AI moves, I feel like the, the purpose of the meeting changes by the time we get to the meeting because things move so fast. Um, and so I think that's why we have to, we can't just go on the, on the theoreticals and the hypotheticals. Look, you know, like we have a business, a brand, uh, that's generated millions of dollars that's provided, uh, you know, for all of us and our team for years and years and years. Like, even though, you know, no one may be a millionaire at this point, like in our time we've seen countless businesses, many bigger than ours that have crumbled that no longer exist. Um, and we've, you know, we've stood and we've done, you know, we continue to do good work, work we're proud of and help people.

And so we just, we ca you know, we gotta somebody to be cautious about not just suddenly going like, dude, like we think, like we gotta just be smart about how we make these changes and, and what, where it is and, and what things are. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, it's not just, uh, it's not the gold rush where we're all just, you know, sitting around on the train tracks going like, yeah, what are we gonna do? I don't know. I heard there's a gold rush, let's go.

Like we actually have something of value. Uh, and so it's a little bit different than the, than the gold rush scenario where again, you know, we're just sitting around doing nothing, you know, starving on our farms, and now we have to figure out, well, might as well go hunt for gold, even if we find nothing, it's better than starving on a farm, you know? Mm-hmm. And so, um, you know, and even this, by the way, even this, um, workshop has the opportunity where maybe we do tweak the offer. Maybe it is a live component, maybe that, um, um, gets built with AI with a coach, you know, and it's another chance to kind of prove out something.

And so, well, Yeah. The other thing actually just came to mind as you were saying all that was like, you know, there may be an opportunity, like going back to the five and the, the copy calls and all that. There may be an opportunity to do something similar to that, uh, now with just like, like a weekly AI software pick overview, right? So like what I'm gonna do on Wednesday with top one on how to create slides, right? Um, a weekly kind of, Hey, here's, here's a, here's an AI tool, here's what you can use it for.

Here's how to use it half hour, 45 minute training, me and John. Yeah. I, I think that, that, that's an example where like, I agree, I think that that's, to me, that's more of a strategic, like, okay, well who do we wanna be? Where are we going? Like, that's part of the bigger thing.

I think the, the, the immediate thing is how can we leverage AI to make what we're doing easier, more efficient, more effective, more prolific before we start going like, Hey, you know what, we should start, you know, I think there's an opportunity around AI tools, around R p A, you know what I'm saying? Like, I, like what are we doing that's made us money for the last eight, eight plus years that we can take these super powerful tools and do it either better, more efficiently, more effectively, you know, um, not forever, not for the next 10 years or three years, but certainly for the next, you know, 60 days. Like, let's, let's, let's put some teeth to this, you know? Um, alright, let's check out Notion. Um, so just a heads up on copy legends.

So we're, we're done with the invitation list. Uh, so we're not gonna hunt down, if you could just communicate this to Jay, shell Chris, we're not gonna hunt down any more people. We have a good list. Uh, Todd said, if the show rate's even decent, we'll have a packed out Stella room that will be unbelievable. We just added a dude you'll find kind of interesting, uh, or you might know about Teddy, the guy, Peter Krell, who's, who's, uh, friends I guess with Rich who he did the docu VSL from Mindvalley.

Like, apparently he's done like tens if not hundreds of millions in crazy vs. L He is apparently a little bit of a unique character, but, uh, uh, an absolute beast. Uh, and so he just got added to the list. I let you and Jay, she know about that Chris, um, for That's a copy call. So, so copy, uh, the copy thing, were good on that.

No, no more we're Not right? We're still right. We're still, we're not, we're still gonna like continue to firm people up, but we're not, we're not hunting down new people anymore, right? So Cool. The people at rsvp.

Yes. Um, so for the next welcome path, we're not gonna include, uh, a schedule on that. Todd doesn't wanna commit to a schedule yet. Um, he's gonna start taking over email probably sometime later this month. He'll start leaking the confirm the attendee list.

He'll leak a schedule. But for that welcome pack, we could just do whatever it is, t-shirt, hat and letter, which again, you can use ai, uh, combined with the, with the bullet topics that Todd laid out on that piece of, uh, collateral that we couldn't find, but has now been found. Okay, so, so, uh, letter based on, I I, I already put it in there. It's, it's on Okay. Wherever the card is.

Yeah, there's, there's a, uh, again, I, I don't, uh, I don't like redundant cards. I feel, I understand like sometimes cards go together, but when there's like, it seems like there's a lot of cards that are just, Well, I, I, the, the whole, the whole idea is this, uh, and and there's, there's a methodology behind it, which is every e e every task, every task requires its own task unless you have a r unless you have a really amazing way of being able to, um, sub-task things and, and see all the different components. The problem with that, with how small the team we are is things will get lost. I mean, number one, we, we, I know the way we'd all create subtasks would all be different, and so it'd be wild, wild west. No, There is, there is a way, there is a new way in notion to actually create subtasks.

Okay. Maybe you guys can cover that after. I do have to, I do have to wrap in like three minutes. Um, otherwise I'm gonna go catatonic, uh, during my next call. Um, so, uh, decade plus, Chris is on your agenda.

Uh, is any, can any of this be closed out like this QuickBooks cleanup? Wasn't that already cleaned up, Chris? Yeah, That was, that's already done. Yeah. So that needs to be marked off and cleaned up so it's not sitting there.

Okay. Um, I added swipe file volume too. You can read about that. We are not promoting it, but we are gonna make it part of the copy legends bonus. Uh, so we'll get that out.

Um, Glen, I saw you cleaned up a couple of your items. Good job. We have the rest of the director stuff that you'll, uh, wait, So, so we're not doing another swipe file offer. I thought we had to. We are doing a sw we're, the swipe file offer in the fall is gonna be the original swipe file.

We were considering doing volume two, but we're gonna do an original, however, we're gonna print a new volume of the swipe file, which will be a bonus to copy legends lockin. Oh, wait. So, so we are gonna do the, the, the new volume, uh, But it will not be part of a swipe file promotion. It'll be part of the copy legends lockin promotion. Okay.

And so the swipe file volume too, I assume that is cuz it, that that's a whole, that's a whole endeavor. Like that took, uh, uh, a long while to compile. I'm just making sure that if, if we are factoring that in, we're factoring in that. I mean, it took, it, it took, it took work to put that thing together. I mean, it done.

Yeah, I, I think that Todd said, if I remember correctly when we originally printed it, that the PDFs already done. It's all just needs to be organized. Um, I'm pretty sure the scanning was already like she did all the scanning because when we originally had it, it was like, Hey, Damien, by the way, according to the PDFs, we're gonna have 10 volumes and it's gonna cost $900 to print it. And we were like, that's crazy. Save half of it.

So the other half probably just needs to be organized, categorized, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I, I know t I know Todd wanted it. He, he was specific about him doing that last time. Um, so, uh, I I, I don't know if he's specific about, Alright, well then and, and may maybe it is, but then just pull it and message him and just, I mean, it's not something that needs to be done now, but just figure out like, hey, these are the unused, this is the unused stuff. Like set him up a notion card with everything that he needs and when it needs to be done by.

Um, okay. Uh, and so Glenda, we gotta make sure, uh, again, you know, top 1, 20 24, we wanna make sure we're, we're two weeks away, uh, that we got our dates, uh, including our, our destination. Uh, that's certainly a priority. Um, yep. And then, uh, this, this member directory stuff, um, let's get this, uh, all right, so some of this is 28, 29.

Are you, uh, are you prioritized to get this wrapped up and updated this week? Yeah, the directory? Yes. Yeah. Okay.

Yeah. Like And Puerto Rico. Yeah. So let's get that wrapped up. Um, I'm not sure why copy legends in the and April 21st.

Uh, we're good with the cocktail hour on this. Yes. Yeah, I'm just working out like the details, but yeah. Okay. Uh, any questions or comments on any of this?

I had I sent you a question on one of the cards about that one day thing you wanted to do in July. No, I already replied to you. Okay. Okay. All, everybody good?

Yep. Yep. All right. Good deal. Alright, let's go crush it.

Let's have a great week. Um, and needs. Sounds Good.
