---
title: "Level 10 2023-02-13 16:59:48"
date: 2023-02-13
duration: 51m
duration_seconds: 3071
vimeo_id: 798472413
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-02-13 16:59:48

**Date:** 2023-02-13 | **Duration:** 51m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hello. Hello. Junior Ranger, oh, you know just just wrapping a little top one, you know, okay, I see. I think yeah, you know, I'm repping Valentine's Day, of course. You know, you know Carson's birthday is on Valentine's Day.

I know you said that you guys were celebrating. Yeah, I'm taking taken tomorrow off or 15. I know you already know what that feels like, but it feels it's very sad. It is very small baby boy, you know the man the little boy is now bigger than you. Oh, yeah much bigger.

Not not bigger bigger, but right he's got got the height, you know that right. We got to remind them. You could take them down, you know all the time all the time. Yeah. Not there yet son one day.

So I hope you get there, but right Hey Damien. Hey. How are you? What's up, Teddy? Man, look at everyone rocking top one gear right now.

Yeah Beyond oops, except me. I'm wearing Valentine's Day. Sorry, you're the designer though. That's fine. Everybody doing good.

Yeah, we're doing great. I'm doing great. I don't know about these guys, but cool. Let's talk about I know we have our top one down later today, which is super exciting. Ah, so we'll try to keep today a little bit light and then Kristen.

Thank you and I'll talk a little bit about some affiliate stuff. But let's just kind of wins from like when from last week. okay, I would just say, you know get getting the Top one lock-in stuff locked in pun intended. So just get getting that, you know squared away a lot of going back and forth with with this and you know, just just finalizing everything but we yeah, we got a buttoned up it's gonna be going into print. So I was good and you know, I think the bigger bigger win here too I think for us is the fact that Jaden is not only stepping into that role, but she's doing a phenomenal job.

So that is just really really refreshing for us. Not only is she doing a great job and support but that you know design why she's able to take Direction pivot and just just I mean, I'll share one huge win in that, you know, I had her jump in it click funnels and more like, you know, I gave her Direction on it. You know, I kind of walked her through English funnels. What do you do? How do you how do you set this up?

And you know, I would have expected you to come back several times and like hey, I set it up but I was struggling with this that the whole Up and like tested it and everything and other than just a couple minor tweaks I had to do for first run. It was pretty incredible. So virtual yeah, very cool. I'll say mine has been just getting really prolific with ad creation for traffic guys. And so agencies just been asking for more creatives to try to keep our fun on healthy and keep our costs down and so just pivoted last week and spent a lot of time putting our creatives and a lot of them are showing up.

Pretty dramatically higher click the rates with which hopefully should translate to lower click costs which ultimately translates to lower CPAs which translates to higher row as and more scale and so super excited about that. Just uh just a heads up, by the way, because I'm in the middle of dealing with them on on Kevin's behalf. So apparently Kevin's account got hacked and the so the ad account was actually running ads for some squeegee direct response offer kind of thing. So make sure your passwords are locked down and turn on 2fa if you have it. Yeah, or I can't even run ads for my account.

I'm bad everything. Yeah. I mean I'm banned too, right so, but I don't know how Kevin's got acts but Gotcha. Okay heads up and then just to follow up on what Chris said as well. I had a had a meeting with my local Mastermind group here, which is me David doit John Raleigh my Mark Thompson and Ty Cohen a couple other people, but I'm speaking of David about because I wasn't sure if the packages had gone out yet.

So I kind of kind of filled him in on the on the Locking already but and I mentioned this time I mentioned to you guys that like he was so impressed by like he's like, he's like I've never felt that cared for during the swipe file promotion. Really? Yeah. Yeah. He's like you guys just took amazing care and he paid right away and but just the level so just kudos to Chris and his team for for that and yet he is most likely in and I also helped Jaden.

Last night actually, I filled in a couple other adverses on her sheet. Yeah, so right I told her to go go to you know, she can't find it or she can't reach them that typically most she could find their corporate website. The privacy policy page usually will have their address on it as well. So yeah, it's been yeah just went for me I guess would be just yeah various various bullet campaigns and stuff like that getting the AV done. I got a to z kind of show that again as well for Todd and yeah, I'm gonna start recording some documentation on that also gonna train Ben on them as well so that you guys can use him as he needed.

Well, Got pretty brain is atoms of slack so you can reach him but on your quarterly Cruise, what's up under quartermakers and some I've not been to be a quarterly vacation. It just happened to be Glenda So I would say, you know coming off of the event and following up with some of the top one members last week. I spoke with Rob and I let you know Damian know that he's in and he's gonna be doing the payment plan. So that was great. And you know, everyone that I've spoken to has been raving about the event.

So that's a that's a win for me because it's you know showing to what we did and everyone's just so excited for the next one. So, awesome cool, well This week so last week end of week aob went out went out on Saturday. We already saw a couple sales, which is good. It's one of those campaigns especially with the the mid to high ticket. We're typically going to see that once people get to the end of that three day conversion sequences when we're gonna start to see the sale sort of pick up.

So hopefully tomorrow we start to see that pick up a bit pick up a bit. It'd be great for us to do, you know, honestly to do 30 35 unit. It might be hard to get to it's just hard to tell we haven't watched this bullet before but you know, our focus is always going to be just on execution things we control which is to put bullets out put them out consistently put them out well done without issues and so on and so forth. So that'll be going out and then end of week we'll go out to a to z. Uh, Todd is wiring up the board for A to Z will run a board for A to Z, which will be our high ticket.

And I'm also meeting with Todd today, you know kind of thinking about putting some some new stuff in the queue and figuring out what is the best way for us to start adding some new bullets in as well and start mix those up. And so I'm interested to see I think how confident are we that there are no deadline funnel issues that we we found the Ghost and the Machine. Yeah pretty confident had a conversation a couple set conversations with them as well. They they reiterated the yeah, there's no con. There's no issue with Multiple people being in multiple campaigns and as long as we're using the the links in the right links, but certainly there's still the possibility of us internally getting stuff.

Right. Yeah. So as long as that all runs proper, I'm confident the bullet will will do we'll get into the target Zone. And that all that'll be good and we're on the front end. We had a great week with triggers.

regenerated like 26 buyers when we actually were close to break even believe it or not, which is crazy, you know for 200 plus leads 26 buyers and you know, we we never come close to break even so that's a really good sign and hopefully with the work that the agency's doing as well as new creatives plus now, I just thanks to Teddy Chris for your supporting more. We have a new Second Chance updated before the previous Second Chance campaign was converting at like in abysmal like three percent conversion rate. It was it was almost useless and really I think that's a chance campaign really should convert 10% And so if we see those extra sales, that's really gonna help us in a huge way. We're we're still, you know, running experiments with our Facebook traffic ads John actually wants to try running directly to the sales page. He's run ads for Thought leaders Institute with a similar type of offer and they've been able to get their CPAs within range.

Any 80 bucks which certainly would work for us? And so we'll be testing that this week as well on the front end. That is I'm trying to think if there's any other global news, as you know, Rogers is not renewing the top one, you know bit of a bummer but not not surprised just uh business wise entrepreneur wise companies to get some ducks in a row. Hopefully, we'll you know, he's been in our world a long time. Hopefully he'll be back again and I certainly expect we'll see him at the coffee writers lock in great to know that we are renewing Joel and Rob not only from an account standpoint, but obviously great additions to the house Great Value add great credibility to the group.

So I think that that's fantastic and we did get a couple top one leads in so, you know Paul is just continually just keep in top one in front starting it, you know, it's it's becoming a regular thing where I'm seeing a couple apps a week doesn't mean they're all qualified. I've been passing the ones that aren't to Chris to follow up for other coaching Solutions or other Solutions. Have but that's all that's all pretty exciting. And then hopefully in the next hopefully by the end of this month we'll have a Todd is put in the finishing touches on in on a campaign to directly sell AA. Okay.

So on the weeks that we have buyers on the bench, we won't always top one the buyers on the bench. Sometimes we'll mix mix in AA as well and see if you can continue to feed that feed that Pipeline. And so other questions is overall. I feel like we have a lot and we don't have a lot going on all at once. Is anybody help me questions just overall about strategically what the focus is what we're doing what's happening.

Now and and just to kind of hit on that. I think I think some of why it feels like there's a lot but not a lot. It's because I think we've gotten really streamlined. Right? I mean if anything it's super clear.

We're putting bullets. We know why we're doing it. We you know it and where I think we're all clear. I want what our roles are and so just I don't want to say kudos to you because I think over the years. We you know, it took us years to get to simplify things.

Right last year was simple simple this year. It's yes simple and here's the game plan. Here's how we're gonna accomplish it. So if anything, I think it's just everything is dialed in and division is clear at least for me. Call call yeah, I would just add though that we need to there.

There's a there's still a completely different process when Todd's running a bullet then when we're running a bullet and that should be streamlined like okay, so so I know you posted up that video. Um, which video? You posted up a video walking through how you set up the campaigns. Did I thought you did? No, I need to do that this week in terms of other other structured and all that kind of stuff.

But actually I say all that I got you what we're gonna say. Chris Um, yeah, be sure. I mean if there's obviously you're the one you're the QB on this and so just just make sure you leverage leverage me if you need with obviously Todd doing a bullet. So just let me know if I need to jump in. You know, I I mean, I'm just say, you know, like like when Todd doesn't like they're not going through, you know, like this one didn't go through the your QA process for instance.

Right? Like he was kind of late getting it out the door and just kind of launched it but you know, whether it got formally Q8 or not. I mean IQ ate it right but I'm saying there's there's kind of cute right no a hundred percent a hundred percent. So let's start with getting the video to talk and how your structure and things I know Todd did have a couple questions. He was just like hey, I just want to make sure that whatever we're doing.

It's the, you know, the simplest iteration of what we can do and I explained that some of the setup is is done a certain way because we want to make sure that some of the metrics will ask for later or attainable and so the next step will be getting Todd that video making sure that you know, you and Todd since you guys drive the technology with you, obviously, you know, making the final decisions and stuff is That you guys are totally on page with the structure and then we can work on the process and just you know in the process, you know, look, you know, some of the process is probably needs to be a little reverse where it's not like. Hey, you need to get this two days before you wanted to get out. It's just like hey, just so you know when you get this to us, it's gonna be a two day lag before it goes out. Because we need two days to QA from a text standpoint QA from a copy standpoint, you know. Um and just so he knows like the how important it is at which, you know, every time iqa I find a lot of things that need to be fixed.

So I just want to be clear that it's and not to anybody. It's just, you know, a lot of copy stuff that no dude. It's it's a lot of dude bro. It's a lot like you remember most people take You know put out two promotions a month like a year, like people don't put out a lot of promotions. They just don't actually not lights my buddy from Bob Builders message me and he was like dude.

He's like I have to give you props because you guys just I don't have no idea how you keep putting out compelling offers week after we got no idea how you get it done. He's like I want to buy all your stuff and it's because like it's it's right. I mean, we have a we have a tight team but being prolific and marketing it's not you know, it's it's a lot of stuff man. It's a lot of just even though like, oh, dude, we forgot that the exit pop on this and by the way, we set a split test up for this and that, you know, there's just so many little You know and it really takes. You know they talk about in cooking.

They're refer to it as restraint. They'll talk about like Master Chefs. They're like, wow, he really used a lot of restraints very easy to just take a spice and go like overwhelm a dish but it's like maturity and Mastery comes with restraint and that's the same thing like we could and 87 split test and exit pop on every page and I make things so complex that every time we try to do them again all the pieces fall off as soon as we go past 30 miles an hour. But it's it's not maturity and finding that right that right level of restraint, you know. A great and it's hard.

It is funny. There's a there's a new young kid on Rich's team who's you know, really hungry and trying to prove himself and and I'm like and he is just so in the weeds and so in the and I'm like trying to pull them up to 30,000 feet consistently and I'm like dude like this s*** don't matter like you're focus on stuff that doesn't matter focus on this and it just doesn't sink in you know, you know, it's mature. I mean, it's just it's just time in the trench to go. You know what it's It's going to be okay if we do this or don't do this speaking of Chris. Can you make sure I think we're getting a check from Rich this month.

Or we should be yeah it what's what's the Deep? What are the details on this? Just so I know what you just want me to be looking for it. Um, I I will I will literally tell you when it gets sent because I'll probably be the one actually process. Okay, so I want you to just put a pin that you're following up on it Chris.

So just touch base with Teddy and All that I'd like to certainly hit in in February. So certainly I I think it's only going to be like four or five grand but it's bottom line dollars that in we put the couple top one removals. It helps up helps make up a little bit ground from a couple bullets that didn't quite quite launched the way we want and so we just want to make sure we build a good strong February. What is the is there any sort of criteria? Like if this bullet doesn't looks like it's 4200 bucks you.

Is there a criteria that we start looking at bullets and be like, hey the last three or four didn't kind of do what we were expecting mom. So I think honestly Unless I I don't want to hit any Panic buttons. I I my gut tells me I feel very confident saying that there was some sort of a deadline issue in the last couple bullets and while you and I might philosophically disagree. I do believe very strongly that those inconsistency issues not only kill urgency but they they bring discredibility. Is that a word discredibility?

And then one in Korea this this it but incredibly they bring incredulity that's a word incredibility believe it doesn't sound like a word they bring incredulity to to what we do in our promotions. So I do feel strongly about that. So so yeah, you know, we're gonna we're gonna you know, we'll look at how how this did. I'm certainly not going to start hitting any any Panic buttons, but we're gonna go and every quarter we're gonna do a full review and so probably you figure in Four weeks so mid March, so it gives us time to plan the next quarter. I'll ask you to fill out that sheet.

I set up Teddy remember that that my nice, uh think think or Swim color coded sheet just like five numbers of campaign. and Europe you're rolling guys. I don't remember good. I'm sure I'll give it to you again and over I'll remind you about that and then we'll look and we'll be able to say hey like, you know, cuz like I said, even the you know, what's interesting is even you know, what it did. Well the copy calls annual did well.

I've seen about 1500 dollars in sales over the last two or three weeks like money still coming in from a campaign from two or three weeks ago. That's why I love promoting copy calls because for that that's the thing is like, you know, we should we should be looking at more recurring Revenue offers if possible. But so that each bullet we fired does continue to compound and yeah good idea everyone's but yeah, and so we'll say and I think that, you know ties Todd's kind of initial address to that is he just feels like we need to find a good mix in being able to put new stuff in there. And so we're just gonna need to figure out when we plan our next quarter now that we have a decent amount of bullets. I'll be at some of them seem really strong some of them, you know have question marks around them, you know, making sure we can schedule it.

Okay, Todd, you know, we're looking for two bullets a quarter one new bullet a quarter that we can start to freshen things up with. Just have a degree. But you know like A to Z cop, you know A to Z copy score and we haven't promoted A to Z in. But but you know, that's all that's all. Yeah, these next two, I think should do good.

And that's also where the other part of this conversation. I think you were heading towards which would be the affiliate stuff like, you know throw in one affiliate promo a quarter. That would make a difference as well and we'll be free. Yeah, and so well, we'll talk about that. And when it's a three of us climate, do you have any outside?

I know obviously we're gonna cover a lot of top on stuff on the top one. Post mortem. Do you have anything? I wanted to ask do you think we should include Paul Michelle and Lizzie on this call? Um I think it's already going to be a lot with just a thought the five of us.

I don't know if Paul Michelle, I mean, I feel like if they have any feedback we could kind of get it separately if you want to just maybe message them and just say hey heads up. We're having a team leader meeting about top one experience if they had any specific either things you feel we didn't do well or things that would make it more amazing next time like ask those two questions. Like either things you think we did not execute as well as we could have or things that would make it even more amazing. You know, let me know because I want to make sure I conclude your thoughts and feedback. I think that would be the the most appropriate thing.

Okay, a quick quick little thing. I know you said we're gonna look into to less crunchy design for sure for sure stuff. The other thing I actually talked about this. Josh and I talked about this for maybe stuff shirt talks is we have to keep our designs smaller. Because when they're when they're bigger, they'll crack quicker.

They don't wear as well. But they also tend to get a little bit of a crunchy feel on the front. And so if you look at the the original shirt of this, right the one that we have from I don't know a year ago that we were like, wow, that's one of our nicest looking shirts. The design itself is probably almost almost a third of the size. And so that cuts down the Crunch and also make the shirt last longer because it's not like a big big piece of I think we were going through that back and forth you and I and we agreed on this size because we felt like the way it looked before it looked like the Iron Man.

Thing in the middle, you know I'm talking about I think you brought up the iron you you brought up the Iron Man and I said, I thought cool but not now, you know, like when they're getting big that's when they get a little a little bit less comfortable to wear and they don't they don't wear they don't wear as long. Yeah, but Kudos again. I've had multiple multiple top on people go like dude. You're you're swag. And your design is like the best stuff.

I've seen like, I love it. I bring it home my wife steals it from me like I told you they were all a lot of them came up to me ask me. Like what is the contact information for our you know, yeah company that we use so so with that do we want to really make it smaller that it all the only reason I mean again, I I personally like the size but you know again this is you know, this probably a preference thing. I mean if people are if we're gonna comments on it do we want to do we want to mess with it is I just opposing a question on that. You know, I do think it's important that our shirts wear well, meaning that they don't like wear out after three washes and like they start getting big cracks in them, which I've had sure.

Was that I might be a quality problem. So yeah, then maybe next time looking and saying, okay. Well, why are they cracking because I have a lot of really high quality shirts with big designs that don't crack and so I would just say what do we need to do like quality wise to then, you know step it up and not there and say okay. Maybe it is a different shirt that we have or one of their best qualities and the shirts are sure hurts themselves are really good. It's just the design.

I guess it's a full color block like that of ink. It's it's more likely to crack versus, you know, if you have different sections that are all kind of whether it's words or whatever. Maybe it's the big and the solid that makes it very crackability Chris just you know, but you as well too, right so like, you know this time we did it with the big logo on the front. Like next time I would probably do just you know, kind of a small logo over the breast and then something big on the back kind of thing. Right so you've got Yeah, it was varieties of shirts and and I think it would be worth.

I don't know if it was on the back. but I think we certainly should jot down like You know at some point it should say like winter 2020 is very just so there's like a collectibility element to it or memorabilia element to it doesn't have to be big. We don't need a seperate logo, but just something we're just says winter 2023, you know summer 2023, you know. Yeah, that's good. That'll be cool.

Okay, Glenda, you're good to go. And I'm gonna hang out with a teddy in person. Talk about affiliate stuff. Okay. Bye guys.

See you later. You later, Glenda. Okay. Ah, so so the purpose of this call. Let me tell you where this call started was.

I basically Jay show as you know, he's been an absolute rock star for us. It's having our third kid and she was like Hey, you know, I probably need to really, you know phase out of work maybe just work once in a while. And so we brought on Jaden and then a couple months later Jay shells like hey, look I got things on lockdown and I want to be working you know, and So typically we kind of run into this thing where and I'm sharing this so, you know where my head is at from a leadership perspective. We've made this mistake of going like, oh man, we have a good person. Let's try to create work for a person right like that just seems like that rarely ever works out and that was when I had Which will TBD to be a brilliant idea, which is rather than working from the bottom and trying to find like hey, you know, she's a x dollar an hour employee.

What can we do? I said man, what if we think about this differently and say well Jay shell there's a lot of things Jay shell can do that. Chris does in which case what could we have Chris do because it's a lot easier curses value per hour as much higher than Jay shells. So if we could take Chris hours and put them on Jay shell and have Chris do something of his value. It just creates a win a lot faster.

And so I started talking with Chris. I said well, hey, you know obviously want to focus on things that bring in Revenue bring in sales and you know and Chris and I talked a little bit and Chris was just like kind of echoed something that you've said and you've been an advocate of for the longest time Teddy, which is dude. We should be doing something with Affiliates. And so the purpose of this call we don't have to get to the answer on this call just to start to talk about In this simple, highly effective model. What would we what would an affiliate program look like mind you?

Keeping in mind that the reason that I shut down the affiliate program they begin with and I push for us because I was like man, we're not really selling anything consistently. It's just kind of annoying people are like you owe me money for like one sale from three months. So there's just wasn't worth the time of the focus. And so what would you know, the goal is something that would be, you know, a significant contributor. Let's call let's define significant as let's say 15-20,000 a month, you know, which means that if we're giving away half the revenue it's you know, it's still contributing 10 grand a month and bottom line dollars.

That would be a win 15 20 grand a month in sales and could be executed with with a certain level of focus and then also thinking how can we potentially do it in a way and this just came to me this morning that leverages are bullets, right? I started to think and I was like man what if every quarter we look at our bullets and find the bullet that perform the best and that becomes the affiliate promotion for the next quarter and just say hey here. So you feel like promotion for the quarter. It's only available for this quarter. You can only run it and this window blah blah and that way they're getting something new.

They're getting something fresh. We have fresh numbers behind it to get promotional people excited. And so Yeah, and I I, you know, my my view on this, you know again Teddy. I know Teddy's mentioned a lot. I've you know, I've mentioned it through the years.

I don't think there's any any loss for us. You know again, let's set it up. Well, let's look at what we need to do to set it up well, but I agree with the focused like getting them focused at the same time to me. It's like why would we I'm just wondering what are the downsides of allowing somebody to promote whatever it is. They feel like their list would benefit from that we offer, you know, I mean not that we can't talk about different ways of like having a special promo and making sure that hey this is our Focus for the quarter maybe having an extra spiff around it, but all other products giving them access making it basically making it easy.

I don't see I don't see the downside of having somebody even if we had a thousand people promoting. We had a hundred really good Affiliates and the other 900 right occasionally sell an E5 Camp occasionally selling a friend us, you know experience. It's like well, that's all money that we're not you know what I mean? Like I don't see the loss in it is my point. So giving remember there's a lot of there's a lot of setup.

There's a lot of setup just and maybe I'm wrong but I think there's I mean is it as easy as just saying Teddy? Hey create affiliate links for 12 different bullets and Add a member and no no because the deadlines stuff, right so it either never be able to close out offers or we'd have to we'd have to consistently duplicate a funnel for an affiliate so that it's an unclosed offer, right? So that that's one of the problems. because yeah, because even if they're you know, like if affiliate sends sends a promo to let's say let's say A to Z workshop and whoever they send is already on our list and just went through that promo now their timers expired and so then you know, I mean, they won't be a lot of that but there's certainly a potential for but I would say I would say keep it to a couple of core things. I think ideally we want to have just more Evergreen webinars that they can can mail to because you know, they're also gonna want the higher tickets stuff typically like, you know affili wants to know for 49 dollar or $200 front end.

What if we have what if we have 200 dollar front and that we gave 100% of the front. you'll get some but I mean, it's so your your Temp check is at most people want a thousand dollar or higher product in general. Yeah, I mean and I would say like I would say like look if we're gonna do this we should talk to to show Madison who runs riches promos only because like, you know at this point she is she is it would be a challenge for Christmas become as connected as she is right. He already knows who's promoting what she can pull in people. That would be the right.

I mean, she's working with Rich. She's working with Benson working with us what all fit into that same kind of Spear of people. And it's just you know, and she's just diligent about managing. relationships and I mean so she's within our level of quality of service and staying on top of people and all that kind of stuff but and um, certainly, you know, I'm not against assuming again assuming it's great products and we're also sensitive to it. Yeah.

I always let's say the reciprocity thing on the side for a second. So we could look at. You're saying $1,000 you feel like is the price point Teddy? Ideally, yeah. And or or with some you know, I mean, it could be it could be a 297 you get all front, but there's got to be more.

I ideally there's more than to make than just tune into seven. Right? So it's either it's got a copy calls on the back ends five on the back ends. Got some something higher ticket on the back end to help. Is there a volume play where a little bit?

I know what what sounds like Madison does is very focused on on specific Affiliates. Is there is there another approach the opposite which would be volume like what if we what if we really open it up to a lot of people right? We had a lot of almost like the bullet idea right a lot of small little bullets and I know what you're saying as far as you know, we have to copy campaigns get rid of the deadline, you know funnel aspect or obviously take an old campaign that doesn't have those components in it. You know again, I know you mean as far as high ticket, obviously E5 Camp apprenticeship experience Agora, but but open it up instead of it being very reciprocity and building not that I wouldn't be working towards that but in the process of building those relationships because it sounds like you know Madison's been in this game, it takes a while to build those relationships that doesn't happen overnight. So while I'm building those relationships take a different approach and do a more volume approach and Okay, I can't I can't focus and have what Madison has right now?

It's just not gonna happen immediately, right? You just don't it doesn't happen like that. But what I could do is again open it up to a lot of different people. Obviously that that handheld White Glove experience even for those smaller Affiliates knowing that yeah, I'm gonna have to talk to a lot of people maybe not just five kill or Affiliates. I may have a hundred people that are doing small little numbers here and there and and approach it that way.

I mean personally, I don't think it's worth the the management headaches of doing that. Well, you know, you got to collect up you nines you got to pay everybody you got to audit their their ledgers every month like That's a lot of work for somebody that makes two sales a month, right? But do you think I mean if we had a hundred now if we had a hundred people? I don't think all 100 are just gonna be doing two but even if we average it out and said, you know like 50 of them are doing too a month. And obviously we have different tears of people that are able to put you know, put put bigger numbers on the board.

Um, I mean just sheer volume. I think we'd be able to hit those numbers that we're looking at, you know, 10 to 15K a month. You granted. I know what you're saying. It's gonna be a heck of a lot of work.

Actually I would think over time. Yeah with you could hit 10 or 15K a month with one one inbound and one outcome promotion. We literally just mailed for like Caleb staying and I think maybe like six grand last week or something like that. Was like three emails. Yeah.

But but yeah, I mean but it is a game of reciprocity like you cannot pretend that we're gonna cherry pick and be like, you know, we're not gonna you know, and I'm rich then it's even it's double rest to prosody to some degree because it's like we would typically only nail for people that are contributors to steal our winners. You know, so it makes sense that we have to like they're contributing lots of valuable free content to us that we're monetizing. So we absolutely have to mail for them. but A desert important piece Damien as we're looking which is again and I'm not trying to I'm just trying to trying to find if is there something we're missing because if we're not willing to accept a good question are we willing to offer a reciprocity? If not and and not in a way that would be able to build and sustain those relationships which I think is key.

Right? I think part of probably part of her success is that she's built those relationships and there is that reciprocity taking place and if we're not willing to do that we have to play the game different is really where I'm getting at because if am and on top of that part of that is building those relationships and part of the building the relationships is about reciprocity of what you're saying. And so if if number one I don't have those relationships to begin with and I'm trying to build them and on top of that I'm not willing to offer reciprocity. It's kind of like why am I even gonna do this for you guys? This is well.

And also whether we have the calendar space too, right because like if we're watching a bullet every month every week and the majority of the list is in the bullet. And when are you even gonna mail for a partner? That's true. So we'd have to be willing to kind of offset our current model to facilitate those relationships now that to me this this tells me there's got is there a different way to play this game? Is there a different way to play the game and it goes back to I'm like, you know, I know what you're saying as far as the work but we don't know we don't know.

I mean, yeah could be a buttload of work to do it. But could there be a possible way that I start over time get more efficient with it. Is it a way I can automate that onboarding process for the Affiliates the you know kind of the does that does that makes it like could could is there something that we're missing? Yeah, I mean we use trolley.com to manage all the payments and the W nines and all that kind of stuff which make here but I mean, yeah, so there's some there's some ways to make it more efficient, but she still is auditing, you know, every month who gets me and I can do that like I I you know, I'm just I'm just wondering I would I think there's a it seems like there still is another way to play the game. And and so if I could yeah.

Yeah, so so to answer that question Chris in terms of I you know, I always get excited about my play the game differently, by the way. I do have the heart stop and about nine minutes because I got to leave myself a couple minutes before I get back on more Marathon meetings is Like this is how we you know, we used to do it back in the day with Lou was we were just pay. for drops right like instead of the affiliate like hey send out a link we'll get that I would just be like, hey, man, can you put A hundred opt-ins into this funnel and if you put a hundred optants in I'll pay, you know, we'll pay you two grand will pay you five grand whatever that whatever those numbers were. And so instead of approaching it from an affiliate. We just approached it from a straight like buying an email drop to somebody's list.

So hypothetically the right like let's say we looked at our best E5 campaign right now and we saw that a lead on that campaign was worth. $15 to us or 20, let's say $20 use even numbers and we're like, okay. Well, we'll only give at least you know, 50% to a partner maybe their leads don't convert as well. But let's just say $10 a lead is worth 10 bucks. It's like hey, man, if you could put a thousand leads into this funnel, we'll send you 10 grand.

And then it's a straight up cash cash for for Action. No, no reciprocity. Because the other problem with reciprocity is this Right, you know Todd talked about this all the time is one of the first thing you talked about it when I started working and when he brought me into run stuff is like our name and our reputation is the most valuable asset we have and so we're like, yeah, we'll reciprocade for you. And then we send an email to either a portion of our list or a whole list and it doesn't even perform. Well, we send somebody 11 sales looks like garbage.

We all of a sudden people go. Oh, man. You guys are like the premiere you're amazing. They're like, man. Either you guys like Integrity or you're listing your marketing actually stinks and it's not nearly as big as I thought it was.

And so it really hurts us. From you know all the other stuff of whether or not the product is valuable good all that stuff in addition to that like we don't have some monster list where could be that you just slide a link in send that guy 500 buyers and all good. Like we don't have that kind of business. So that's why that's the other problem reciprocity, you know. Yeah, and I like I like how you're thinking on that.

I mean here's here's something I mean what what if we were just up front we already have a list of people. I know we haven't, you know, open it up for a long time. But we already have a lot of people that were were on our on our affiliate list that we already have what if we just opened that back up we were straightforward with with our we're not right. There's no reciprocity and we were up front with with what we're offering and and we you know, we we played a small game right the small the small ones not that we won't have some folks that say I know there's no reciprocity. But I love what you do in my list is gonna love it.

We're gonna get started willing to do it. I think if we open it up and if we think bigger, yeah, we may not you know, right off the bat have, you know, five killer Affiliates you want to promote, you know promote for us, but we may have a couple that are that are awesome and couple in that mid tier and a lot of these guys that are just putting one or two in a month and again if I autom It and I work on you know, getting access dialed in. Yeah, I'll be heavy in the beginning but I think over time I could I could really build it out into something. That's so what if we did something like this Teddy what if we picked let's say For products, right? Five products whatever it is, and you know we came up with something in.

We put it into a very clear like hey, dude, you know you love Todd you're a phantot and you people can benefit. This is your opportunity to you know, equip them share since you're probably you know, a lot of you already talked positively about what we do but actually get paid for it and then maybe what we do is instead of Is there a way instead of making it just like hey you want to fill it links? We call it like I don't know. I'm making this up a tribe Advocates or something like that. It's like hey dude, if you do this much like your spiff is like dude, you can unlock up to an additional $5,000 free training.

If you do this much you get a free pass to come to some special thing that Todd's doing if you do this much pot'll appear on a podcast. You know what I'm saying? Like where where it's like, it's more about like being a Super Fan. It's not about like if you have a link and I have a link I'll give you my link. If you give me my you know what I'm saying?

Like, it's like dude you believe in what we do. Get paid get fringe benefits and cool stuff and you know. I did what if what if they're I don't know sounds cheesy and I should probably think before I speak but like some sort of like tokens or something where they can cash it out for either cash or you can you know, obviously to better spiff if you apply it towards one of our programs there's different tiers of obviously when you cash out your your tokens or whatever it is, so we're not again it Strays a little bit away from the typical affiliate model which I like I like what you're saying Damian that way you're not it's almost by calling it something different you're now hopefully the language and expectations of affiliate with reciprocity now goes away. It's like it's not an affiliate program. It's a blank program and it isn't just straight, you know this for money.

It's tokens. Now you take those tokens and and exchange it for money or You know Teddy's rolling his eyes. Yeah, bro. I roll my eyes for for multiple reasons. And so number one.

It's it's against the whole premise of simplicity. Number two are enough like those those smaller of Affiliates. The smaller Affiliates aren't the one They're not worried about reciprocity. They're not if dude. It's got no list isn't expecting Todd to mail for him in exchange the bigger issue with the smaller people and opening up to them.

It is going to be what they mean just said in terms of managing reputation. Not not that they can see just like we now have to manage what they're putting out to the World on our behalf. Right, and so we'll see crappy s*** put out there promoting our stuff that we're not going to have enough time to police and be vigilant about you know, like like we've seen it before like Paul Childers I think like has like, you know, Todd brown courses.com or something like that and it's the white page with just links to all our stuff right which was generating him a ton of commissions. So that's my biggest concern with going out to to the smaller people. I think that I think the simplest easiest model is what Damian said, which is just go out to people and offer to pay for leads and if we can acquire leads from from Affiliates less than we're paying for leads from Facebook, then we're ahead of the game.

yeah, and then for certain promos it's a hand selected group of partners that are invited to promote that promote just like we did for the for the swipe if you don't I mean that's in terms of Simplicity and I I again now if you want all this additional work Chris then then all go for it, but I just I see it a nightmare of just managing hundreds a little Affiliates who are gonna aren't gonna move the needle much and just create a lot of work and headache potentially Yeah. So I like I said, I didn't expect that. We're gonna finish this on this call. That's not the purpose. It was to start the dialogue and I do need to leave myself a few minutes before my like next three calls in a row.

And so what I would say was let's Just keep the conversation going certainly. You know, I'd love for you and Teddy to take lead on this. It's you would be running it and honestly Teddy knows more about this aspect of the business than any of us specifically in our Niche and and like let's not let's not just Like let's pump the brakes a little bit. Right? Like let's hit up cats are usually Todd says to me like let's we're smart there.

You know, we have great products. Are you know, well a lot of stuff that converts extremely well. We have a great reputation in the market. Let's pump the brakes and let's figure out like what's something smart that we could do? We don't have to hit it over the moon.

We're not we don't need to generate a million dollars a month in affiliate Revenue, but something that would fit what we're doing the effective simple bringing fresh buyers and leads like, you know, let's think about what that can be. Right. Yeah, if you want like I can set up a call between you and Madison if you just want to kind of brainstorm with her and get a better feel for. Yeah, I I would actually like that. Actually I think after we have a couple more talks just to get clear on what it is, you know the direction where we're thinking would be best and then yeah 100% want to jump on with her and just say hey that way at least I had kind of have someone of a game plan.

You know, how would you approach it? You know, what are the processes or the issues? You see based on you know what I mentioning. So he really really helpful and let me say this too if we can, you know, maybe follow up next Monday. That would be great.

Just let them like kind of let a small this over and if we come up with any other ideas by next Monday and then in the meantime, Teddy, you know if you and I can just be thinking it over and then maybe jump on a call maybe at the end of the week. If good deal, let's go get them. I'll see you guys on the post-mortem shortly. All right. See you guys.
