---
title: "Level 10 2023-08-21 15:28:10"
date: 2023-08-21
duration: 26m
duration_seconds: 1611
vimeo_id: 856466906
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-08-21 15:28:10

**Date:** 2023-08-21 | **Duration:** 26m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Morning. Morning. Yeah. You know what? You put this on?

I can't hear you. Did that hurricane hit you? Or, Um, it, it stormed. It's actually wet outside, which is crazy. 'cause um, anytime it's, it has rained or drizzled, I mean, the heat just evaporates everything, but it's actually wet.

So that tells me it, it, it went down. So. Which is great. I mean, we need rain, so. Hey.

Hey. Hi guys. How are you? Oh, Chica. Well, we're missing the, the head honcho here.

Yep. Yeah. It's missing, missing, missing. Damien, How was your weekends? Good.

I did nothing. Oh, that's glorious. I love weekends. Chris. Looks like he's still tired.

Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm really tired. Super groggy Event. Full weekend. Yeah, it was, it, it was okay. It went by really fast.

It was, I know. It wasn't, it wasn't bad though. And it wasn't like crazy or anything. It, it was good. But the middle week go by so fast.

Still annoying. It does. Yeah. The weekend goes by way too fast. Agreed.

How was your weekend? Fast as well. Fast. Yeah. Not really productive, but Hey, you rest, you know, sometimes doing nothing, but you need I did, I did rest.

I needed some of that up. Hey, What's up gang? Hey. Hey. Morning.

How's everybody doing? Great. Good. All right, Great. Good.

Great. Or amazing. Good. Good, good. When's uh, what time surgery, Glenda?

So he just went in for an m r i today. We won't know if he needs surgery. M r i. Okay. Yeah.

Yeah. Alright. All right. Alright. Uh, I hope everybody's doing great.

Uh, hope everything is doing fantastic. Let's hop in. Um, let's, uh, Chris, if you could just walk us through, let's do a, a bullet review of where, uh, how last week panned out. Um, again, mid ticket bullet. So I want you to kind of state what our target is, where we, uh, ended up, and then where we might see optimization for next time.

And let's talk about the bullet for next week. Um, and then we'll talk about any other, uh, exciting news, which there's not a whole lot at the moment, moment, but maybe I'll come up with something after our, our, uh, bullet updates. All righty. Yeah, just let me, lemme log in on, just, lemme, lemme log in. Yep.

I gotta, I gotta pull up the, the numbers too. I wasn't expecting, uh, I wasn't expecting it, so I don't have anything up. So, so going, going forward, let's just get in the routine to always plan to be bullet man. How are you, Teddy? Well take the pressure off first of all, since you're usually the one pulling stuff up.

I'll say hi to you. What's happening, man? I'm Doing pretty good. Can't complain. Well, already told me you guys had a pretty good call last week.

Uh, yeah, I had a great call with, uh, strategic profits. So that's moving forward. Um, they're working on the top one promo stuff this week. Uh, so that's good. Uh, I had a good call with Todd last week as well.

We went through the stop smoking offer and some minor. What was that? No, what were you gonna say? Did he have any good in any ahas of like, oh, dude, I, I mean over overall he said he really liked it. Uh, just, you know, just some kind of minor tweaking, uh, mostly related to statements that made it sound like the person had to do the work versus the mechanism, uh, which I was sort of aware of.

Um, but yeah, so I'm gonna go back and rework it, turn it into a sales page. I took the weekend off 'cause I haven't had a weekend off in a long time, so I just actually relaxed and enjoyed the weekend. But this week's pretty clear, so. Okay. But we paused it, we paused ads for the time being, so we're not spending anymore money.

We did, we did get another sale at some point. Was it three sales on like thousand bucks or 800 bucks? Yeah, something like that. It doesn't, but, Um, all right. Yeah, let me know when we're ready to run again and let's just kind of set the test amount and, um, let's go from there.

Yeah, Chris. All Alrighty. So Go ahead. Yeah. Um, so we're looking at, uh, mechanism workshop.

Uh, and Target is 5,000 for low ticket. Well, it's, it's actually a mid ticket. Is it 1 97? Mm-hmm. We're gonna consider 1 97 mid ticket.

Yeah. It's not low ticket. 97 is under low ticket. Okay. In the mid-low.

But the target, the target is, uh, yeah, so, so call it between mid ticket and low ticket. So the target's probably, uh, uh, nine. Yeah. 12. Well, that's what at least we have here.

We have targets. Yeah, I know it's a mid-low. We don't have a mid-low range, but, but certainly I think 7,500 for this, uh, for 1 97 is a pretty good place. Now help me to understand how many of those upsells, two of those upsells are you? Um, let me go ahead.

Last I checked, we only had two legit upsells. Yeah. So two legit upsells, which means a thousand. And then let's say 30 oh orders, uh, if the pay through comes through, it comes out at seven grand. Uh, but they're all not gonna pay through.

I'm sure some of them are gonna bounce. Um, when do they start getting billed, Chris? Are they getting billed now? 'cause the three days is over. Yeah, they're all getting, that's what I'm trying to see.

Yeah, we could pull that up. Um, yeah, so right now there's bullets hanging at around, uh, call it, uh, you know, just shy. A seven K dude. Not bad. Not bad.

Definitely a little bit light. Um, really where I see the gap on this is gonna be two things. Number one, um, getting a better unconverted upsell sequence, um, would've helped. So right now it looks like only two of 31 buyers took the actual workshop. And so figuring out, um, you know, how could that have been more compelling?

Um, there is a follow-up upsell sequence. Correct. Chris? Unique mechanism. Second chance.

Uh, yeah. Is there, Yeah, the workshop has a second chance. Yes. And so it looks like we only got 10 visitors back to that page, which tells me that that sequence is not particularly strong or compelling. Um, maybe phrasing the offer more along the lines of like, Hey, you have $197 credit, pricing it at, you know, 5 97 and then saying, Hey, plus you have a, you know, you have a, a one, you know, getting 'em excited about it, saying it's 5 97 plus you already have a 1 97 credit, so it's just 4 97, you know, make, make the offer better.

Yeah. It might have been that the pricing was too high, right? If we, if we had the combination, maybe it was, hey, it's, you know, only 3 97, but we, you know, we price it at 5 97, they get a 1 97 credit, then it's only 3 99. Um, but we should have looked for a little bit higher. And honestly, even the, the take rate of about 30 on six 50 or 600, that's roughly a 5% take rate.

What do you think, Teddy, for a 1 97 on a soft offer? That's actually not, that's not bad. I think it's decent. It's a little light for a soft offer, but it is a 1 97. What do you think, Teddy?

Yeah, it's not bad. It is, it is, it is a little low. I would've liked to see it around at least eight. Um, but looking at the conversions, looks like, uh, so far, 21 out of the 33 converted, only four have failed. The other ones aren't due yet.

So that's not too bad. Not bad at all. That's not bad at all. The, uh, the one thing I would say though, uh, which I think we need to be careful of, right? So as, as we're doing these, like what we're doing right now in terms of like, uh, what could we change?

What could we fix? Mm-hmm. We need to go fix that now. 'cause we're not gonna remember it next time. We launch this three months Very, very well, very, very wise.

And Yoda, like Teddy to say that I, I had the same little gut thing. I wasn't gonna say anything. Um, because it's sort of like, well, we'll focus on it next time, but then you, you know, it's kind of like when you, you know, you put, you put the broken appliance away at the end of the holidays and you just assume it'll fix itself next time I take it outta the cabinet and you don't remember what's wrong with, it's like, no. Um, so yeah, so I would take a look now, uh, Chris, uh, I wouldn't start reworking the entire offer, uh, but I certainly think, uh, once this campaign is done, meaning there's nobody go still going through it, I would lower the price point on the upsell of 3 97. Uh, I would make sure to add the language that there's a 1 97 credit in there, and then I would look at the page itself and figure out is there anything else we could do to make it a little more compelling?

You know, So maybe even swap out, um, emails that weren't performing. I think that's just good habit. Yeah, that's good habit. Yeah, absolutely. Very smart.

Very smart. Um, and what about Chris? What was the, what was the product image on this? So 3 9 7 upsell change price. Okay.

I can, I can look at updating A add add language around a one 90, that they're getting a 1 97 credit. So basically change the pricing to whatever, six nine, you know, 5 97, and then give 'em a 1 97 credit. Okay. So keep it at, yeah, 1 97 credit applied to 5 97. Yeah.

And do, do you feel like, uh, I mean, do you feel like it's j just, I I think price point may fix it maybe going from 5 9 7 down to 4 9 7, uh, as the, as the actual sticker price, because it's kind of like 1 97 to go through Todd unpacking it, this thing in its entirety, but yet going on and jumping on a call with one of us. I mean, I don't know. I mean, do you, do you feel like the, the, the, the, the price difference is too much, too great. Um, do you feel like somebody who would say, well, for 1 9, 1 97, I can learn from Todd. Why don't I try that first?

Or I, well, I think that's the whole point of like, Hey, this is usual. Look, I think the other thing is, Chris, we can look and see, as long as Michael is staying in the bounds and delivering this, what, what are we allot for this two hours a session? Yeah. Yeah. So as long as he's staying two hours or under, maybe we even try it, uh, 3 47 might be the tipping point, and then it's like 5 47, and then you get a 1 97.

Now it's only 3 47, and then you don't have to do the work. You could have somebody doing the work with you. I think that, that, in my opinion, something in my gut tells me that starts to flip it to a no-brainer. So I, I would, I would run it at, yeah, I would, I would run it at 5 47, 1 97 credit. I would include that in the email language.

Hey, you have $197 credit about to expire. You know, a lot of people love the unique mechanism, but honestly, they're intimidated. They, they can get overwhelmed or honestly, they just get busy running their business and they never get to implementing this, even though they know it's a game changer. I want to get that done. I wanna cross all the hurdles.

I wanna collapse your timeframes. Here's the deal. I'll have someone sit down, blah, blah, blah. There's a private coach or a coaching program sent, sell for 10 k or more, da da da da da. You're gonna get the same coach, same guy that you know, Todd has trained for over six years now, you know that Todd refers to as the best guy to use this methodology other than it himself, da da da da da.

You know, it's not gonna be 10,000 or anything like that, you know, prices 5 47, you get this, this, this, this, this. It's done by the end of the day. And by the way, because you got this, you have a 1 97 credit, it's 3 47, but it ends in 48 hours, your credit expires. Do you feel like that would, that that would be better verbiage, uh, for the second chance upsell instead of leading with, uh, you know, uh, leading, leading with that? Maybe I, I, I don't, I don't know.

I don't know if that's the second chance or the primary. Um, It's just where I, I mean, I hate eating in, in into a ton of margin if we don't have to. Do you know what I mean? Not, again, if it's not converting as high and a couple more conversions, would, would, would, you know, in, in the end wash it out, then, then we're just doing, doing stuff to not make more money. What if we did, we just dropped it down to a hundred, uh, for the actual offer itself.

Like, just drop it down a hundred, try that or keep it where it's at. Maybe, you know, maybe, No, I don't think drop. I don't think drop, I don't think we would wanna give money back on the front end. The front end was the front end pricing was okay. Um, and have, we Were just saying, we were just saying second chance upsell is what we're talking about.

Yeah. Um, on, in terms of the front end offer, I would just look at it. Um, maybe, uh, maybe If it's just, if it's just a little, little bit that Yeah, I, I would ask, you know, assuming that, assuming that Todd feels like it doesn't, uh, pierce the veil too much, maybe Todd wants to do a critique of the offer. Well, you remember I told you, I sent you a message. I said, I, I called you and I was like, listen, I don't, I don't love the sales page.

And I, I had, I had that conversation with you and, and, and at the end we ended up just saying, okay, we're gonna, we're we're gonna leave it. In my opinion, I feel like the sales page could be, could be better. So, so the, so I'm, So if you feel, Find the price, I, I feel like in Second Chance upsell, I'm fine with like, let's, let's do that. No, I would not modify the front end price. I would then the changes that you felt like you wanted to make on the front, that you felt like were rushed to get done for bullet calendar, get those changes done now and make the upsell changes, I recommend.

And then we'll put it back in the, in the gun to fire and four months. Okay. Are you talking about The man offer or you talking about the upsell though? He's talking about the Yeah, no, I'm saying the, the upsell. I didn't, I didn't love, uh, I just didn't love the sales page.

I feel like it could have been, I feel like it could have been better. Um, you know, and so, so I, I, I don't, I think if we just modified the sales, I really believe that if we just modified it, I think we would've hit, um, I, I think we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll increase it for next time, for sure. Um, that's at least my opinion, I think. And What about the main, what about the main offer? How do we get that to get improved?

I mean, you know, most of it is, I mean, it, it's, it's our original copy, so I, you know, I, without, What is the product image? Can I see the product image we used? There is no product image, I don't think. Oh, yeah. It's, it's basically the same thing as the original, um, image.

Except we changed the color. Lemme see. It's the same head and subhead. Everything's, Well, do we go, do we go to an order page or is the order form right on the page? Order form is right on the page.

Hold on. This is a, this is, Yeah. I, I, I would say let's, let's add a hero image. Let, And this is, this is a mark since I'm doing this. Uh, so you feel like a hero image can actually m like bump it, like, not just market.

I'm f**k, man. I look, it's not a, uh, it's not a game changer, but, uh, the offer's not, uh, you know, the in range. So if we can get marginal improvements, I think we should grab them where we can. Um, so the answer is yes, but I would also, um, yeah. So that I, I would cons, I would do that.

Okay. And show me the hero image so I could sign, give my feedback since, since I've been the hero image guy. Okay. Um, let me just write that. Okay, so, so I'll, I'll update the sales page for the upsell.

Uh, and we'll just, we'll, we'll start there with a couple of the other modifications. Update language. Oh, actually, we're not gonna update language because I, again, I think if, if you're agreeing with me on this, if we just update the sales page itself, uh, I think, you know, like update the copy on it. I, I think it might hit where it needs to. Yeah.

I, I think, but let's take the price then that three. You don't wanna go to three. You feel like you don't wanna go to 3 97? Uh, my, my worry, I mean, we're eating at margin if we don't need to. That's like almost, uh, I would hate to do that.

Push more through and we technically make less money. Do you know what I mean? Um, there's this part of me that's like, when it's that close, like, let's try the other thing that won't e eat away the margin. Okay. All right.

Well then at least apply the, let's, let's at least start using the credit language. Okay. So just say it's higher price. Yeah. Use credit language.

Price. Okay. Then swap out emails that aren't performing. Okay. Yeah.

Perfect. Okay. I can stop sharing. There we go. Alright, everybody else?

Good. So for apprentice this week, we're, we're good to, pretty much good to go Chris, except for that one timing issue you said? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, if we're keeping the bullet exactly the same, I went through everything, just, just saw the one, uh, one issue.

Of course, I made some corrections in there, but, um, you know, I swapped out, by the way, Damien, I swapped out some, uh, flip, uh, one email or two emails. Um, and then I, um, updated the, um, email that wasn't performing Good. So all good there. Okay. Um, no other news that I know of.

Glenda's locked up our 2024, uh, dates getting ready for copy legends. We'll start in about, um, about two weeks, right around early September, like around September 1st we'll have Jay, shell do that final R S V P reminder. We're not calling people who didn't respond anymore, but just to people that said yes. Hey, we're just 30 by the way. I got my first mail piece.

Thank you. Um, look good. Um, you know, hey, we're 30 days away. Um, you know, just wanna touch base, anything you need. We're super looking forward to seeing you there.

We have your spot, whatever the case may be. Make sense? Yep. Um, and, uh, by the way, the postcard looked good. The only thing I would've done is I would've made the logo of copy legends bigger on the other side.

So it was a little white on the other side. The postcard? Yeah. Um, I have it somewhere. It was just a little small on that side.

Okay. Uh, well gonna be shipping out the second one here pretty soon. Linda, did you post the, the dates for 2024 in the support channel? Yeah, I did. I posted it in in top one support.

I can repost them if you need. Okay. Everybody good? Yep. Yeah.

Sorry, I was just taking notes. Yep. Okay. All right. Well listen, let's, uh, let's go crush.

And then next week, uh, we're just rerunning copy calls annually. So that's a bullet we've already run. Just do the regular stuff, Chris, check through if there are any bad emails, bad subject lines, couple weak links, freshen 'em up, freshen up the subject lines, and we're good to go. Perfect. Yeah.

And, and just a reminder, next, uh, next week, I'm, I, I, I told you about this a while back. I know it's, uh, it's coming up quick. Uh, but, uh, Klatts wedding, I'm in that, uh, okay. Is on the 30. So I'm gonna be flying out the 31st, which is a Thursday, and I'm gonna be coming back on the Tuesday, which is the fifth.

Okay. So just, That's too thoroughly confusing. I feel like he married the same girl like three times already, but, um, I feel like I keep getting announcements. Um, Mari her married everyone, But this is the actual official, so the last one, the, the, the, the other one was just private. Um, and, and Alex flew out for that.

Um, this is the whole family and we're in it. Um, and so we, we gotta be there. Okay, good. All right. Speaking of that, so I haven't decided yet for sure, but there's, there's both Perry Belcher's second AI event in Orlando and also Funnel Hacking Live.

I may or may not go to one or both of those for a couple days at least, but I'm not sure yet. Okay. Yeah. Well, let's talk through that. Um, I know we have one or two tickets to the AI thing.

We have one ticket to the, I think, Where, where is it at? Orlando. All right, cool. I got a bounce gang. We'll talk to you later.

Be blessed.
