---
title: "Level 10 2022-07-18 16:00:36"
date: 2022-07-18
duration: 12m
duration_seconds: 764
vimeo_id: 731059347
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2022-07-18 16:00:36

**Date:** 2022-07-18 | **Duration:** 12m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

subconda top calendar Hello. Hello. How are you feeling? You there? It's up Teddy.

It's happening. Can't hear you. Can't hear me. I can hear him. Okay, I could well, I'm sorry Glenda.

We're not. All right, how are you? All doing? Good. How are you feeling?

Oh, I'm 92% better. Wow, that's good. Yeah, so I'm just just gonna baby myself that I take it easy. But yeah, just the kiddos got sick one of them vomiting one of them. He's using stuffy nose and then it just got me with like chills fever headache and all that jazz.

So oh man. So it's a it's coming at me strong, but I'm I'm stronger. so I want to just kind of walk through a little bit of this top one project in Grande. If you could just want to give a recording of this to Chris. Yeah.

Um, so I'm top secret. You could just post in the top one top secret area. Okay. So before I hopping does anybody have any other needs? No, okay, so make sure my screen.

Should see my screen. It's white. Yes, or it's a stop one. Yes. So when Todd and I were talking what are your articulated for me for his vision because I started coming up with a lot of you know, typical gaming fashion creative unusual things to do and he was like dude.

We just need to stay in front of our people. And so I said, okay, so let me think about what is staying in front me and so staying in front means that on Facebook on YouTube both our buyer list or warm list or every list we have that we're just we're standing in front of people and my thinking is that look if we're gonna stay in front of people. You can't just keep saying the same thing because you're just gonna it sounds old certain people respond to different hooks certain people respond to different things. And so I sat there and I said Okay, so What are the top three hooks for top one? What's the content and then what's the CTA meaning that there's some people as we know will never fill out an application.

That's just not their style. And so I don't want to keep shelving the same CTA in front of everybody's face. Um, and so the way that I'm thinking about it is so for the hooks. So one of the hooks that we know people people want to want to work with us because they get the top the rec response marketing right like the best stuff that's happening right now massive results and an elite Community, right? Those are kind of the three big selling points when I'm on Falls of people that they say they want so then I thought about what are two pieces of content that would be interesting for each of you.

So for top the response marketing, this is why I had you do that Monday is you could have, you know, Todd or the team teaching from one of our experiences. The massive results we have our case studies. For an elite community at least for the time being you have one or two promo videos. Okay, that that we've used before that I think are pretty valuable. And then the idea with the CTA is that again for the top the rec response marketing stuff?

They watch part of the freezer with Todd and then they opt in once they opt in they go to a follow-up email follow-up for massive results. It can go to an application for the elite Community. We can do an application or leave a video message. I really like the idea again Teddy the idea of being that Certain things are just as you know, like when it's the same people just get played out like oh great another application. Oh greater, you know like everything that could be different.

I think it's helpful, especially for we're gonna look to just We're not gonna run promotions and all crazy stuff like that. We're just looking to get them in and then have an exit pop that they can enter their address and get the top one maglock set to their home as well as with a physical application. Again, just a different CTA. Oh cool. I'll have something shipped to my house and then an email follow-up.

There'll be another offer for the magalog if they didn't get it yet and they'll even be a call to action to text me. So the idea being freedom of content for every hook four or five different ctas so that we're staying in front of them. It's not just back to the same application back to the same application. And so that's what I'm gonna be working on. So that's why I started asking about pictures because we want to up the animal somewhere pictures with our with our high.

Sorry with our You know like to talk teaching and then ultimately I want to redo the site Teddy so that the site. is much more and emblematic is that award Teddy? And romantic is is a word. Yeah, I'm not sure if it's the right word, but it's it's a word it's more emblematic of the way that I sell on the phone. And so when I saw on the phone and say, let me tell you the story the top one.

Let me tell you who it's right for who it's not right or let me tell you what you get. You know, let me tell you what to expect and it sort of very A very clean like that. And so I want to redo the site. That's why I'm also having some of the sales presentations transcribed so I can hear the language I've used on clothes. Is that have worked?

And then I'll break that out. And so again that's the idea is that we have a we're back to instead of a one page. We're back to a multi-page site. Obviously also the different calls to action, you know, we'll list them in the navigation bar will live on that site as well. And that's it.

I don't know if you run thousand dollars a month of retargeting or two thousand. I don't know, but I know that if you know, I know that there are a lot of people who would say yes to top one if we hit him at the right time and they will aware of what we offer. And so our goal is to get them and especially I know I've been the one in the past and it's a it's an error on my side. Who's been like? Oh, you know top one.

There's only 10 seats taken or whatever and it's like no man. We can't look at seats. We have to look at unfulfilled sales revenue. So right now we might only be 25 active members. You took a little bit of a dip because of some renewals, you know, 25 members at 45k.

It's a million dollar stream that we're trying to fill up regardless of whether it's made up of 25 people or 250,000 people, you know, we want to put forth the appropriate effort to fill that that million dollar silo. questions slots, Teddy I I would just say, you know, like if you go back through all the people that have joined like How many actually came from a campaign or promotion? Versus versus what? I'm getting at like, you know, should there be more effort for like on a referral campaign or Or like where where have they actually come from? Yeah, but it but again, is that a catch 22?

Is it like Oh, well, man. Look how many people have come from campaigns? It's almost no one. Well, maybe that's because we've never actually done campaigns. I don't know that's true.

We've done a ton of campaigns. No, we've done promotions. Okay. Well, yeah same synonymous. Well, I think campaign.

I mean keeping top one out in front of people, you know, I do think that there's a lot of value to doing referral stuff. I'm open to ideas. But the first the first thing and that was on my initial list. The first thing I do want to do is at least have up a good home and some good follow-up. So that we can be found and we're staying in front of people.

Yeah. And then let's let's go from there. And you know what like you don't know man. You don't know if if someone says oh, yeah, you know, let me ask Bob about top one and that sounds like they came from Bob, but they actually got so two or three videos on Facebook or they got three, you know what I'm saying? But the end of the day we have a phenomenal program.

We know we can find 50 people who are right fit and we're gonna go get them. We need to figure out how to get them. since questions comments conda Not at the moment. I was thinking. Like what's the goal to come out of this?

Like how many are we looking for? That's that's a great question. I mean my goal it's kind of hard to say right now because I haven't spoken to The Graphic peeps, but certainly if we if we have a goal of adding at least say To a month we need to be getting at least. Probably eight applications a month. because right off the bat two or three of those applications will be the wrong people.

That'll leave us five semi legit and then I have to close half of them. Okay. Yeah, so that's where I'd like to get us eight up if we can get the eight apps a lot monthly. It sounds like a tiny number, but you know, these are the right apps from the right people, right? The other thoughts comment.

Yeah, I guess what I'm thinking is what can I be doing on my end to kind of? Expedite that go out there, and I don't know try to find those. People or like vet them or I don't know like what what do you want my role to be in this process? That's a great question for right now. So I'm gonna assuming that I'm 97% better by tomorrow.

I really want to crank on this. I don't plan on this being like a three month project. I want to get done about a week or so. I'm definitely just supporting me in anything. I need if I need pictures pulling the best pictures and pictures pictures were Todd tomorrow and the clients smiling not like somebody looks at their constipated and sick and bored.

And then once we have it up then I think let's let's go from there. I think they'll hopefully they'll be comments and stuff that I think they you know, it'll be better for you to moderate that kind of stuff then and Chris's team. Yeah, okay. Daddy no pressing questions. I don't know that we're gonna get you're talking about writing all the copy for for a new website and designing it and getting it up in a week.

On my part, okay. Yeah, my part. But again, a lot of the copy is just good. I mean literally when I pitch top one I say almost the same exact thing every single time. And so I'm just gonna transcribe it.

It's what works at what's good gets people on the phone to open up and pay and so, why would we say something else? You know. But you know, let's start there. I mean right now we do know consistent marketing at all for top one. Right, and so let's start there.

So that's it. I am gonna bounce and reserve my energy many needs anything. I'll be on slacker right that's good. Please post this for Chris in the top one top secret lineup. I will all right by everyone see right.

Bye guys.
