---
title: "Level 10 2023-07-24 15:29:41"
date: 2023-07-24
duration: 31m
duration_seconds: 1898
vimeo_id: 848062034
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-07-24 15:29:41

**Date:** 2023-07-24 | **Duration:** 31m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, man? Hey. Hey. Morning. How are you Doing?

Okay? Yeah. Good, good. Uh, I'm off. I'm off camera.

I, uh, I, we, I weed whacked my fiber optic cable in my yard. Are you, are you serious? Yeah. They didn't quite have it mounted properly to the wall. And so, uh, when I was weed eating, uh, I saw it, and honestly, I have some news stuff, direct TV here and some other stuff, and I was like, ah, whatever.

If it gets whacked, it gets whacked. It wasn't, and then I realized that, oh, that's actually my new fiber optic cable. So, uh, so I'm working off my phone, which is fine, but it's sometimes not as strong. Oh, geez, man. I'm sorry.

Are they coming out? Yeah, they're coming out today. They're good luck. That, thankfully. Okay.

Um, that stinks. Yeah, I know. Working off a phone. I don't know if you remember, uh, Spokane for me. Uh, Yeah, I remember.

I, I remember it very well. Yeah, that was, that was brutal trying to get internet. I eventually got it, but, um, yeah. It's amazing though. Your phone, your, your phone can do a lot, man.

It's, It's, yeah. No, it's, yeah, I was like, man, they don't fix this thing fast. They might lose a customer. Yeah. Hey, what's up Teddy?

How's that happening? Um, so I was just talking about, uh, uh, we whacked my fiber off the cable. Oh, geez. Yeah. So that's why I'm, uh, no, no video for me.

I don't know if my phone can handle it. Uh, so, um, I may even forget what weed whacking is, if, if this trend continues. I mean, I don't, I don't have any, I, I have, well, first off, I have no grass. Uh, I mean, that's, that's a dead giveaway. Uh, but there's, uh, the, the long crew that comes out for the little patch of grass, it's Arizona, so they like, they almost turn it into like a monument, you know, it's like, here's where grass is, you know?

And it's in case. Yeah. I, uh, the funniest thing, man, this is back when I was, uh, when I had the farm property, I, I, I love my brother. I joke, I called him the famous surgeon, you know, it was, got a beautiful house out in Henderson, which is a really nice suburb outside Vegas. And, uh, we're there, you know, family that hang out by the pool, you know, pool, whatever.

And literally he's got like two pieces of, of, of grass the size of an area rug. Like, I'm not joking, like, you know, one's like an eight by 10. One's a 12 by 12, dude. There was a crew of like three or four guys he had in there. Like, at the time, I, I was taking care of a five acre property by myself, and he had like these two little area rugs of glass.

And it was like, there was like four guys, like, with scissors. And like, I was like, man, it was crazy. It was pretty funny. That, that's funny. That's hilarious.

And that is, that is accurate out here for sure. I mean, grass is, it, it literally is a, like, it's A novelty, I guess. A novelty, yeah. It's like, wow, you got, you got one. It's like, yeah.

Well, happy Monday. I hope everybody's doing good. Um, Teddy, when do you leave? Uh, in about an hour. Okay.

So, uh, Chris James, uh, an idea that came out of top one was James Friel decided he was finally gonna, he was procrastinate putting his this idea together for this book, and he finally saw everybody. Oh, whose, whose idea was it was yours or John's. Oh, It was John's. Mostly John's Was to just like, have a bunch of people to his house, do like a training session and just record the whole thing, you know, and just get it done. And so he's doing that this week.

Is he doing it over, over one day or two days? Uh, it's Tuesday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Oh, Three days. Geez. What is this?

Like a, a Two and a half? Yeah. Okay. Um, John Going too, or no? Yeah, John's gone.

Paul was going, but then he threw out his back and his neck, I guess. Oh, man. Jiujitsu Bummer. Um, all right, so let's talk, let's talk bullets and then we'll talk a couple other things. So, uh, last week, uh, you know, it's funny, sometimes, uh, I get surprised, Teddy, I, I didn't, I was kind of like, eh, I guess so let's just run this, you know, we don't have a low ticket.

And somehow the email thing that I, I don't know what your expectations were, but I, I didn't think we'd do 130 units of it. Yeah. I didn't think I was gonna do that either. Yeah. So it's just, uh, you know, whether it was the price point, you know, Todd said, Hey, maybe it's because it's sort of more of an, you know, evergreen offer.

It's, you know, writing emails kind of always relevant, you know, um, but either way, glad it worked well and just, you know, glad we're getting into a good system of getting these bullets out. Um, especially the, the more bullets we have, the more it's just pulling the trigger and not reconfiguring things. Um, this week we have two exciting things. Number one, we have obviously, uh, I pulled, uh, made the decision to pull E five off the calendar just because we're sort of still considering what we might do with E five AA, and whether we do an AI thing and all that jazz. And so I don't want to expose the list to an offer that hasn't really converted that well.

And so we're going with Agora. That was why that decision was made. Um, and, you know, they haven't seen this offer in a while. It certainly, you know, it should be interesting, um, one, because they haven't seen the offer in a really long time, and it was in fact an offer that did, you know, whatever million bucks, uh, you know, now granted, markets change. People have been exposed to Agora.

The perception of Agora has changed. But, uh, nonetheless, we're gonna find out. And so any questions or concerns about launching that bullet this week? No, it's already launched. Oh, it's already, wow.

All right, great. And then what we'll do is, Chris, uh, barring any oddities, we'll plan to send out the micro bullet maybe on Friday. Yep. Yeah, I, I we're, like I told you before, I mean, uh, we're, we're, I mean, we're moving towards it, right? The product is done.

Um, my emails and I'm, I'm taking what you said too, which is try your, your best not to do it. Try to make AI do it so that that is, you know, we've been doing that the whole time, cuz it's very easy to just be like, all right, here's a deadline, right? Uh, let me, let me build out the product and maybe try to get ai. But we've been spending the time trying to get the AI to do it, right? Which is, which has been it, it takes time.

It takes time. But once those prompts are built in, or once we have that process, that's gonna make the next goal, it's hopefully a heck of a lot easier, which we have been doing, by the way. So, um, All right. Well, look man, you got it. I mean, today is only, only Monday, like you have four days.

Yep. So, so make sure it's ready, let's get it out there. Um, and Teddy, just watch this campaign extra close just because it has a lot of moving parts and all that jazz and, and let's, uh, let's see what happens with it. Yep. Um, so a couple other things, Chris.

I know, uh, we're getting those, uh, copy legend postcards out, right? It's Monday, my brain, um, Copy. We're sending out the countdown postcards. Yeah. Yes.

Let me, let me look at one. I put it in there when the next, or when the first postcard's gonna be sent out. Um, lemme look. Uh, copy legends, postcards, print August 1st. So, yes, so it's coming up here because remember the first card Right?

Is Oh, I have to click on this other link, what I put, here we go. Yeah. 60 days. So it's 60 days from what was the, uh, what, what, when, what's the day again? It's, it's Monday.

When is it? The, the, the day of the event? Uh, I think it's the 14th of October. Okay. Yeah.

So we definitely have time, so We're good with that. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I, I might, what I might end up doing honestly, is just getting 'em all printed, uh, anyways now so that they're queued up and ready. It's not the 14th.

The 14th is 14th Is Saturday 16th? Monday? No, it's Tuesday. Dude, the, the things on the side of my refrigerator. 17th.

17th, yeah. Okay. Yeah. So, so they need to get it, uh, they need to receive it like give or take a week around August 17th. So yeah, I think starting to print, um, this week will be good to go.

And if I have them doing that, I'm just gonna have 'em print them all. So that way, like I said, we can just fire 'em off. Okay. And remember we have, uh, we're gonna be promoting the regular swipe file and October, And then we're volume as part of the copy. Yeah.

So I have a have a thing in here as far as, uh, a, a task for quantity. So we should be start starting and you're saying in October, right? Yeah. Um, so we should be thinking where is it, where do we have that one? Quantity?

Yeah. Decade. Okay. So September 4th, which actually I should probably do that sooner, to be honest. I have a task for September 4th for following up on quantity.

Um, so if you guys can just be thinking, I mean, I know this is, it's gonna be a guess estimate anyways. Um, I don't know if you wanna make that part of your part of the office here, Here, at least in October, actually for both of 'em. Right? Here's the beauty of it, right? The marketing side is then we are, we're able to create legitimate scarcity to be like, dude, that's it.

Like what we printed is what we printed. And so, you know, I'll talk to Todd about it, but 20, 40, 50, 60, a hundred, whatever it is, it's, Yeah. And, and, and food for thought on that too is, you know, after you do a promo like that, we always have str loaders reaching out. Yeah, I know, I know. And wanna hook up top, remember, we always wanna hook up our top one folks.

Yep. So hook up top one folks. Uh, are we actually gonna be sending them all? Cuz remember, I mean, we're talking, I mean, I know it's only a couple hundred bucks, uh, for us to pay it, but if we're paying for everybody in top one, Yeah, I, I mean, I would say pro, probably for the, the new edition, we're not gonna send both, but maybe we send the new edition out. What do you think, Teddy?

Uh, yeah, I would send it out. Yeah. I mean, we don't really do that much thud in the mail. I think it's a great thud in the mail. We could call in an early Christmas present, send it in a red box, you know.

Okay. So, cause Our, our custom Boxes made. Do you want me to get custom boxes made that, that's another expense. What, What? Hold on, hold on.

Stop. Christmas is a holiday, Chris. Everybody celebrates. There's no custom box. Just ship it in a, in a holiday box.

Well, that, that would be custom. They charge you for everything. It's business. It's not a Then, then send buy boxes off Amazon and send them to those jokers. They don't need to print a special box.

Well, no, I, we, we have to get special boxes is my point. Print 'em, make 'em buy 'em however it is. But if you want a specific thing, if you said, Chris, I want to write Right, But hold on. But when you say custom box, custom indicates creating something that did not exist before. It is custom or Custom in a sense.

It's not Manila. Like it's not your standard box. Anything that's not your standard box is a custom box. It doesn't matter if it's, Am I being surely Teddy or is this, or are you with me on this? Yeah, you're both, you're both right?

Yeah. Always custom means something they don't typically use. Yes. So for, for the shipper, it's custom. Not, not your, it's not a, it's not a brown corrugated cardboard box.

Fire, fire and ice. And Teddy is lukewarm water, right, Teddy. Um, but do not, do not print or design a box. Okay. All right.

So for right now, we're, I'm not gonna print any, anything unique, get anything unique, uh, you weren't gonna figure out. So top ones included. You're gonna talk to Todd, see about quantity, if we're gonna do a scarcity play where it's, Hey, we only have a hundred, um, and then I'll print a hundred each. Just remember, I'm, we're talking about both. So original swipe file, we're printing and we're printing the new swipe file or we'll call it.

Correct. But we're not sending the original swipe file to top one folks. Correct. So, so just think I, I guess, yeah, just talk to Todd on quantity. Let's try and get something nailed this week.

That'd be great. Um, well, you, you let me know when you need it and then gimme like a five day advance notice. Okay. I need it now. Uh, do You are, do you really need it now?

Or you just saying now? Cause Well, saying it now, but, but we always push everything out. We're always doing, you know, we're doing better on not doing rush, rush, rush order, but we tend to, okay, Hold on line. I, I will, I will get you the nu as long as you give me five working dates, I will get you the number on the date you give me. But don't tell me the date.

I'm making an arbitrary date for sure. It's way, it's, it's ear, it's early, but why not, why not get it now? You know what I mean? I don't see a disadvantage of getting it now. We're just gonna be more prepared and less rushed, you know?

I think, I think it's good habit to be honest. So why, why don't, why don't we do that? Why don't I create a, a, uh, a fake sense of scarcity, or not scarcity, but uh, urgency and, uh, we get those numbers. Oh, I think, I, I think we, we lose you. I think I lost, dude.

It's hot. I was gonna say, I can't imagine what the f**k it's like out there. I'm, I mean, I'm heading to Austin. That's not gonna be fun either, but, Oh, no, it's brutal. Austin, I was actually just talking with, uh, ey actually yesterday.

Um, he was saying, he was like, man, my AC is struggling. Yeah, it, I mean it's brutal Austin man. It's uh, I mean, you're talking hot and humid Uhhuh, it's like the, the worst combination. It makes sense though. I was, I don't know who I was talking to, but I was like, well, think about it.

It's the southwest meets the south. It's like, you ta you get that, that convergence of like, you know, Southwest is hot, but at least it's dry. You know, that like 1 0 8 with no humidity, it's kind of, I'm in the shade. It really isn't that bad. I, I'll be real.

I mean the whole heat wave, like we, we go outside, we actually do stuff, which is wild. Um, but the minute you add bit humidity to that mix, I mean it's, that's, that's gnarly. So yeah, Austin, I mean that's, I think it's getting cooler though, so if you're, you know, by the time you get there, I think at least I think so. I don't know. Yeah, I'll live planning to be outside much.

I mean, you've been, you've been to Florida, you know, that's what I, so I always tell people out here that are like, uh, you know, it gets really hot. I was like, Hey, listen, I lived in Florida, so I mean, we're talking like 80 something percent humidity like Florida in late July, early August. It's brutal. You planning on staying in, uh, North Carolina? Yeah.

If I, the only, the only way I'm leaving here is if Trump wins and then I'm going to Europe. I told, uh, told Alex I was like, if the home, if, if, if the real, the realtors who are, uh, of course, I mean talk about real realtors and real estate and their projections are hilarious, especially this whole thing, you know, it's like, it's, and definitely gonna go up forever. And I'm like, I told Alex, I was like, right, right now, uh, you know, it's 410, 400 50,000 to buy almost anything anywhere. Um, and I was like, if that is the case in two years, I was like, even if we don't live there, I'm gonna, I'm gonna buy something in like Argentina or something, you know? Thank you guys, Uh, for your patience.

No problem, man. Um, okay. So yeah, so let me know again, five business days before you need it and I will commit to getting it to you. Okay. So you don't want, you, you don't want the preemptive push right now, cuz if there's no disadvantage for you, like if you don't have a crazy week or anything, I would just do it Now if that, that five days, well Look, here's, here's the thing.

It requires thought, it requires thought of just saying, okay, well what did we do last year? You know? And I want Todd to weigh in on that. And if Todd's on the own in the zone for other stuff, I don't wanna be like, Hey bro, stop what you're doing. I need this thing.

And he's gonna be like, bro, that's not for like six months. Why are you asking me this now? So just ask me five business days before you need it. Uh, uh, here, just kind of in that logic, uh, is there an opening right now that you see coming up where I listen, I I don't worry about my openings. Well, no, cuz you just said cuz Todd's gonna be like, Listen, don't worry about my openings, just tell me when you need it five days out.

And I will, I will commit. I always hit my deadlines. I always com communicate. I am the Olympic champion of hitting deadlines and communicating on our team. And so I will get it to you by that date.

Wow, you just gave yourself some badges. All right. Done. Listen, I'm just looking down at my shirt, that's all. Okay.

Um, okay. Uh, alright, what else was I gonna say next? Uh, so, so conversations are moving forward, again, not official official yet, but uh, looks like, uh, Teddy, we are gonna be able to work something out with Rich. And so we're gonna do a little bit of dating with our rich being involved in top one. And so we're not gonna start rebranding the program or doing any big things.

But, you know, Matt and I talked about a simple way to put together an offer, get it out to Rich's list, put on 5, 10, 12 members hopefully. And then we're, we're gonna do it as a promotion. Uh, obviously October's great cuz we can very subtly mention the copy legend stuff. We can announce that there's a destination in January in Puerto Rico and then we'll close the offer down, which also creates urgency. Um, they'll get rich as a, again, I'm not talking through this officially cuz it's not official yet, but the idea is that everything would stay the same.

The only two things that would change is if Rich signs 'em up, rich is the one who would do their planning calls. And Rich would also be at the top one event. Whether or not we have a steel or winners person there as well, we might. Um, but it'll be added value for our top one members. Won't change anything for them and for us, uh, the service will be the same except we'll pull Todd out the planning, which is good for him.

And obviously then the splits will be different for us. Cool. Yeah, they also, I think he, he may have mentioned it to you or may not have, but they also want us to promote that, uh, that AFI offer, which is doing really well actually. Uh, but I told him it wouldn't be this week since we just launched. Yeah.

I told him, I told him we could do next week. Yeah. And so, uh, I let Matt know that I let Michelle know that, but since you're, uh, in with their team as well, if, and since you managed the bullets and all, That'll just, I'll build, I'll build it all out. Got it. Yeah, if you could just double communicate with that.

Cuz we were gonna run John's AI off for next week. Uh, but obviously it's a, a low ticket plus we're also, uh, still kind of working through like, hey, do we do start an AI imprint about media? Is the different AI imprint or are we just focused on other stuff instead? And so it just makes a lot more sense to support Rich and at a better price point than doing our stuff. Yep.

Cool. Makes sense. Yep. Um, Teddy, did, uh, does John have the stop smoking stuff now? No, that's on me.

Okay. Uh, what what is it gonna take to get it actually done? Uh, no, no client work. Um, well, I Mean dude, it's it's, it, like I, I know, but yeah, look, I I I'm definitely being perfectionistic about it. Like, I didn't actually like the copy that that that Michael's prompts put out.

So like, I've been doing a lot of editing and tweaking, like, cuz it, I I, it could have been the input data that I put in, but what it came out with wasn't as good as what I'd come up with previously. So that's where I'm struggling is just like, and, and I just don't want to f*****g, I don't wanna put it out there dude and have it fail. Like, I don't want, but, But here, here's the Thing. I know how you're like, let's just get it out there. Let's see if it works.

Like, but for me it's more important than that. Like, I want this. So Yeah, I, I, I understand that. But, but first of all, you know, what's important is that we want this to be a test of what AI can produce, not what Teddy can do when AI puts out stuff he doesn't like, cause otherwise, otherwise, what's replicable? So we have a new coaching model that is copied, produced by ai and then Teddy goes in there and fixes it.

Well, I mean, like, there hasn't been, like, there's nothing that, just to be clear, like all of it's required. Michael's copy requires editing too. Like Yeah, everything, everything AI is Pumping out, right? I, i under I understand that, but if it's, it, its like it takes, it takes three weeks of editing and 15 hours of editing to get it to like, then that Yeah. And the model, the model shot, right?

It's not a replicable model. It needs to, right. If there's anything that has commercial viability for us, it's like, dude, we can produce this thing and with an hour or two hours of coach going through bring it to being better than nine out of nine out of what nine out of 10 students would do on their own. And it actually has a shot at working. I mean, if we're able to bring it nine weeks down to four weeks, it's still a huge win.

You know, so I mean, It's not, it's not Chris, it's not, maybe it is from an operational standpoint, but from a marketing standpoint, it's not because we can't, like the day I, I had a conversation, which was a bit of an eye opener for me, um, you know, which was, you know, Todd was like, I said, yeah dude, what if we could do, you know, E five aa? And it was, you get your whole campaign written in two sessions and da da da. And Todd's like, yeah, he goes at three K and he goes, I don't think it's a game changer. He goes, I think it's a good offer. I go, but if you're, if you're like, man, we wanna put out a game changing offer, like it needs to be even lower than that because of so much that's out there right now.

And so many of the options and the perception that you can just get a piece of software, get Benson and get things written. Um, and so yeah, like it's, it's, it's, you know, it doesn't, ma if it cuts down to four weeks, that's fine, but we can't sell it for a grand or 1500 or two grand at four weeks. And so it's not viable. Yeah, no, I see what you're saying. I I do see what Teddy's saying though too, which is, you know, he doesn't want to, I mean, at the same time, if we pump something out and it doesn't produce, but it could produce if we edit it, edit it, or correct some of the prompts And that, and that's fine and I'm fine, I'm fine with that, but Right.

The project started back in March. Yeah. April, may, June, July. We're four months regular. AA takes eight weeks and we're four months now with ai, with magical AI that's supposed to get stuff done in, in the click of a button with a heartbeat.

And so Creating the prompts, right. I think because a lot of the, a lot of the time goes into creating the prompts to then Well, yeah. And, and, and that, and that's part of it too, right? Like, like, you know, MI Michael and I have been working on prompts and different variations of, but like the final version of Michael's prompts were just released, we're finished a week and a half ago. Right.

Like and that's what I ran it through the most recent version. Right, right. But yeah, I like, I get it, dude. I, So, so what, what, what do you feel like is the solution here since you've had like two or three drop dead dates and like, there's still nothing. I, I don't know.

I don't know what the issue is, honestly, other than my, my own perfectionism and, and fear of putting something up there that doesn't work. But Look, look, it's not a representation of you, it's a representation. It Is. It's for me it is cuz it is, it is. Sorry.

It Is, dude, I, I can't quite coach you through that man. Like look, it's a representation of the output from a tool that we're experimenting with. It's not your copy, it's not, you know what I'm saying? And so, Um, but it's my story, it's my method, it's my thing. So it is like, if it was something completely generic that really wasn't me, that I didn't create or whatever, like, but yeah, I get it.

Got Your name on it. I get it. It's, it's my, it's, well it doesn't have, I'm not, I'm not even putting my name on it cause I'm actually, I'm actually putting somebody else's name on it, just the pen name. Alright, listen. Uh, I, I'll I'll make it simple and cuz it's just not even worth the mind space for me end of day Thursday if it's not to John and ready to go live.

We're just bearing it. Okay. And if you wanna take it and do something else with it, that's fine, but we're done with it. So Fair enough. Smoking, advertise and, and, uh, and right now, you know, I know you mentioned client work and obviously I'm respectful that you have other stuff happening as well, but it's, it's, it's a focus of your role right now, right?

Other than just popping out some bullets here and there, like, you know, seeing if there's some viable stuff with AI is part of your role. Yeah. It's need from you. It is from your specialty. And so, um, you have a hundred clients, one client or a thousand clients.

Like, uh, it's something we're counting on you for. Yeah, yeah. Well what and what I'm, and I'm also trying, that was the other part too is like, I was, part of it was I was trying to take Michael's stuff and build it into a tool because like, like his process, what he's got right now is not something a client could do. Uh, which, uh, But again, this Is initially we don't want clients to do it, I get it, but eventually we will, right? So like, But it's car, it's car before the horse, right?

Michael's stuff might, might be crap. Why build crap into a tool, you know what I'm saying? Let's just, let's just see if the outputs have any viability whatsoever. What you know at all. You know what I'm saying?

Right. Um, all right, listen, I do have to bounce. Uh, I have 12. I'll be on Slack. I'm gonna send you something funny later, Teddy.

Okay? Uh, something funny and mysterious and I'll close the loop. All right. I'll see you guys in a bit. See you later Chris.

I'll be on Slack if you need me.
