---
title: "Level 10 2023-06-05 15:28:39"
date: 2023-06-05
duration: 55m
duration_seconds: 3310
vimeo_id: 833379746
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-06-05 15:28:39

**Date:** 2023-06-05 | **Duration:** 55m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up? Can hear you. Oh, there we go. Howdy, howdy. How you doing, man?

I'm good, man. How are you? Good, good. Just, uh, packing up the house, getting ready to track across the, uh, southern half of the US on, uh, on Thursday. So we're loading up the truck on, on Wednesday, taking off Thursday morning, and then should be getting in probably late on Monday.

Uh, Tuesday we'll be unloading. And then we should be like in the house, obviously, like Wednesday. Uh, we'll, we'll be there Tuesday night, but you know, like actually in, Right, So about a week You're riding a U-Haul, driving it all yourself. Yes, sir. It's fun.

Yeah. Yeah. I've done it, done it a couple times. I'm not gonna say I'm a pro, but, uh, there's some things I've learned along the way. Here's one, uh, U-Haul doesn't tell you this, uh, but you should get a trucking app because if not, you'll end up going through tunnels that aren't, uh, Clear For your U-Haul.

So, uh, I went through Connecticut, uh, I don't know what part of Connecticut, whatever old tunnel area, Connecticut. Yep. There's a lot of tiny ones in Connecticut for sure. It was a highway. Right.

And, and the whole way, I mean, they never tell you this. They're not like, oh yeah, do that. It's like, and, and they always say like, you know, common sense is know the height of your truck. Right? But you're on a highway, it doesn't, I mean, and you're going 75 miles an hour, like, you're not gonna be able to be like, oh, wait, wait, hold on.

What, what's the height on that? Okay. Uh, and then that ha, that happened to us. So we're on this small little Connecticut highway, and there's these old brick tunnels that are kind of like, they're rounded like this, but like a big part of it is curved at the end. Mm-hmm.

And, and my son was like, dad, dad, dad. No, that's, that's, that's not, that's too short. That's too short. I was like, oh my God, what am I gonna do? And there's no way, like, you couldn't take the truck Side Of the road.

Where would I go? Like off road, through the, through the woods. Like, I would just be stuck. And so I would literally move to the middle of the, like the middle of the highway, in the middle of the lane and go right through the center. And, uh, quickly learned after that, we pulled off in Connecticut and my son was like, we need to get a trucking app.

I was like, agree. And we got a trucking app. And, uh, so this time, this time, I know what I'm doing. Good, good call. Yeah, it's a, it's a 2026 footer.

I, all right. Any word from Damian what's going on in here? No. And actually, um, let me respond to, uh, j Show right now. Quantity 13 min inventory.

Quantity 13. It shows we have 13. Okay, we're good. We are all out shows. We have 13 On with Teddy.

Oh, alright. Cool. So, yeah. Uh, I won't be like, obviously right now I'm not gonna be, um, at the top one event, so, um, that will be missed. But I will be in sunny Phoenix in June, so be jealous.

What's up, Teddys afternoon? How are you buddy? Good, How are you? Good. How are you?

Chris? Looking dapper looking. Look at Brazilian dapper. Thank you, buddy. It's my shirt, which I like, but has to be pressed.

Otherwise I have a, but thank you for noticing that. I pressed it today And you have to drive standing up. Remember that? Yeah, no, this is like, like Seinfeld. Like, you, you have to, like, you can't wear the pants, you have to take the pants off when you're sitting down, you know?

Yep. That kind of thing. Uh, how you guys doing? Good, good, Good. Is everybody, uh, pumped, excited for, for top one next week?

Yeah. I'm pumping for you guys and that, I think that equally counts, so. Okay. Good man. Um, cool.

Well, uh, Glenda is on with hotels and resorts, so she asked me to let her, let us know. We, she was running a couple minutes behind. Um, so we'll, we'll have her catch up when she catch up on top one. Speaking of how, uh, how's, uh, how's everybody Rich doing Teddy In terms of, Okay, I'm not asking how is his personal life? Uh, how is, uh, did, did, uh, did you guys crack the code yet?

No. Cuz we, cause we got, cuz we're holding onto the wrong ad guy that I keep trying to get fired, but it's not working. Why, why is he, why is he stuck on? Because He's too f*****g slow and he insists on making everything super complicated. Like he needs, he needs to create 90 different creatives before launch a campaign.

I'm like, dude, how Much, how much is, how much are you guys paying him? 2,500 bucks a month or something like that? Why don't you, dude, I've already, yeah, I, I've, I'm pushing as hard as I can for John, but No dude, tell Rich, I'll hook him up. Tell him I'll give him a 45 day rider for 2,500 bucks. Okay?

So tell him, I'll hook him up. Tell him it's not like 2,500 bucks for 45 days. That way he can see what we can do. Doesn't cost him, cost him actually less than he is paying now, you know? Yeah.

I mean, I mean, the second problem is we haven't found, we haven't found an offer that works yet, but we haven't found an offer that works yet because we haven't really driven enough traffic, uh, to find an offer that works. But yeah, and that's, that's the other problem is being able, you know, they, they can't it, you know, like, it, it always, it, it doesn't amaze me anymore, but it is amazing when we really appreciate how quickly we crank s**t out compared to the rest of the world. Yeah. And, and somehow I still want it to be faster, which I guess is why it goes fast in the first place. Uh, but yeah, no, I, I, I agree.

Look, uh, I don't know who said it. I'm sure many people did, but you know, I believe, you know, I've heard money favor speed and I, I tend to agree with that. Um, so, uh, alright, so let's, let's talk about what's happening. So we ran A to Z it looks like we're at either, I think we're at 11 units, if I check correctly. Ums 12, 11 or 12.

Yeah, I was looking at it 12. Well, that one might be one's probably Chris's test, so Yeah. Yeah. So that puts us at 11 and we have still about 300 people in the campaign, uh, if I'm checking correctly, which means they'll be wrapping up probably by tomorrow. And so, you know, we should finish at, if I had a guess we should finish at about 13, 14 units, which, uh, is a win.

You know, it's not, it's not a home run, but we're not basing our success on home runs anymore. And so that's really good. Uh, we'll start, uh, if I say we wait till it's tomorrow, uh, we can start winning off for tomorrow. Uh, really excited about this. This is all qa.

Yes, Chris? Yeah. Yeah. I qa that ABA as long as nothing changed, but yeah, Nothing's changed. Yeah.

So really excited about this just because I think the sales page, uh, looks fantastic. Far better than the ghetto page that I put together when we converted, uh, a BSL to, uh, a sales, which, uh, props to Teddy, which was Teddy's idea about, Hey, this is a way for us to keep campaigns fresh, let's switch the vehicle. Uh, and I think what's interesting about your winning offers at the Promise is so ridiculous and over the top that I think that when even people, you know, the, the concern is always that people will scroll down the page, see the price and bounce. I think because the promise is so big and the price is so reasonable, uh, I don't think people are gonna bounce when they see the price, and I think they'll engage with the sales page. And so I suspect it'll do pretty well.

Yeah. And and I, and I do want to confirm that too. You know, again, a lot of people don't tell you their thoughts unless you're bad. I think you guys all know that people are more than happy to tell you when you're doing bad, doing good. They usually don't, uh, but you're winning offer.

I did get several in, in the past, have people actually say, like, make a point to say, Hey, by the way, when I saw the year winning offer for 4 97, that was just, it was a no-brainer. It was, they, they would say exactly what we've said you need to do to create an offer. Yeah. And people need to think it's a no-brainer. We say those terms, but I've actually heard people say that in response of your winning offer.

So you're spot on. Cool. Yeah. So excited about that. And then next week, uh, Paul will send out buzz about top one to the group.

We will have a meeting, a brief meeting on Friday to just kind of talk through, uh, the logistics on the intensive, uh, day. Even though, Chris, you won't be in person, I definitely want you on that call since you spoke to the three people and helped. Uh, well, Can, can Lizzie be on, I'm gonna be driving the U-Haul. Um, some, i, I don't know where I'm gonna be at on, on on Friday. Um, Is Lizzie gonna be the facilitator and she has the schedule?

Yep. And she's been, she's been following up as well. So, um, she's been in contact with everybody doing during the handoff, so I'm part of it. And she's CC'd and we're both, we've both been handling these, so she's gonna be able to speak on everything. I talked to her about the schedule.

She knows the schedule. She's gonna be the one conducting it when she's there. So she's gonna be, and, and actually on the schedule it has her, uh, doing a briefing with you guys 30 minutes before it all starts anyways, so she's already briefed on how to brief. So Yeah, I I don't know if we need another briefing before the briefing, uh, But I'm just saying like, if we're gonna do this, meaning she's already queued up for it, um, any anyways, so, Yeah. Um, and then, uh, yeah, so then we'll do top one.

Is that fine? What's that? Is that, is that fine that she, she she'll be on that call? Yeah, that's Fine. As long as she has, as long as she knows everything you would know.

And she has the schedule and she knows to people are, are, where are we in terms of getting the intakes from those three people? Chris, I Filled it out. What Was That? All everything's been filled out. So we have all three intakes, correct?

Yep. Yeah, so if you could share those with the group prior to the call, that would be great. Uh, yeah, actually they're in, uh, gotcha. I will share those with you guys. Cool.

So yeah, I'll, I'll, uh, I'll share those with you guys. Um, e everybody's, everybody's coming. Everybody's set up. The only thing that we're working on right now is just making sure that we have ride a ride for one person, um, and figuring out the, so the shuttle times, Brenda was like, oh, the shuttle can pick 'em up an hour early, but I'm like, they should not land an hour early. They need to be there exactly on time.

So I'm gonna ask you for this level of service, obviously one of our team me members picking them up, um, versus an Uber. Um, you know what looks better, unless it's a high-end Uber. Um, yeah, I, I would just send a nicer Uber. That's all I would send. You know, they have the Uber xl, it's from wherever they are, it'll be like 30 bucks.

Just send an Uber xl. Okay, cool. That's what I like. Look dude. And, and Uber.

Uber is standard fair. Nobody's like an Uber. Ooh. Like, like I think Tony Robbins probably uses Uber, so Yeah, I don't know. Teddy can vouch for that, that Do you think Teddy Tony Robbins uses Uber?

I, I'm sure. I'm sure he probably does. Yes. Yeah, so see Uber lux. Yeah.

Um, alright, so the other, other stuff that's happening. So, you know, we'll finish up the month with bullets with, uh, we'll probably rerun the bullet workshop and then I'm still in the air about what we do with the ai. If we run John's AI offer, we possibly run it at a higher price point. I'm kind of undecided on what we do with that. Uh, I'll figure that out.

Af top one. After top one, I'll also share the Q3 marketing calendar. One of the things coming down the pipe that I'm really excited about, uh, that we're gonna talk about, number one is, uh, thanks to, uh, a report that Teddy pulled. You know, we're, we're learning to kind of manage our list a little bit differently. Okay.

We're, we're hitting, you know, we're getting, we're still keeping up a nice rhythm, but, you know, we're backing off the three day click sequence down to a two day click sequence for the most part. Um, which kind of frees up the list a little more. I know we're sending a love to the list, but one of the things we want to do is Todd had an idea, which he was like, man, he is like, I wanna start seeing if we can sell, uh, I'm calling them. I know, I know. Chris, you like terms, you came up with the term canon, which, uh, yes.

Todd is working on our canon for q3, which is gonna be our, uh, our copy legends offer. Actually, that's gonna go out in q4. We are gonna run just heads up. We are gonna run the swipe file again in q3. Um, I already messaged Todd with your idea, Chris, about whether we just run the same exact swipe file or if we have a volume two printed, and then we sell volume two, so we conclude the previous buyers and then also, uh, have a bump to buy volume one if they didn't buy volume one yet.

But one of the things we're gonna do is we're gonna test running micro bullets. And the idea is that like, Todd's like, man, I've done so many copy calls where they're like little very specific hyper specific products that we could sell, you know, for maybe 37 bucks, something like that. Nothing crazy. Um, turn it into a, you know, uh, transcript report kind of thing. Maybe offer an audio, maybe not, uh, might just be a report in a cheat sheet.

Uh, and we're gonna really want to use as an opportunity to kind of mess around, uh, with and with AI a bit. Um, I think that, I feel like right now we're kind of either, you know, I think we're all dabbling a bit with ai, uh, some more than others. I think. Then also we kind of look at these big, like, hey, can AI write a whole webinar to sell a $2,000 product? And we're scratching our heads and going, I'm not sure if it's there yet.

Uh, and so I think this will give us a very reasonable target where it's like, okay, this is a very specific product. We just wanna write short form copy with like, you know, 10 awesomely written bullets. The page will be the same every single time. We'll create a process that will involve, Hey, this is how the, the audio gets turned to a transcript, gets turned into a report, gets turned into a cheat cheat sheet, you know, we'll have, you know, maybe two or three emails behind it. Um, and that's it.

And, you know, we'll use parts of the transcript as content that goes out with emails. So emails will be like, Hey, did you ever realize, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Nugget, nugget, nugget, nugget. By the way, I put together a full report that explains how we, you know, freshen up hooks when your hook gets old or musty or da da da da da. It's all here, it's 37 bucks, grabbing the next page.

Um, and what we'll do is we'll sprinkle those in in between our regular bullets, uh, since there'll be lower price points and there'll be, uh, a little bit of content to them and it'll be a chance, you know, we'll talk about once I want to get past top one before I really put my head into it. But we'll talk about what that process is, whether we have Michael write the bullets with ai and then you put 'em together and you write the copy, Chris, or if Teddy, you want to try your hand and have a having ai write the email copy. But we'll have a very specific process. And let's see. Like, let's see.

You know, can AI not, can AI output things that look impressive, but can AI actually generate dollars for us? Yeah. Yes. So just, just two things on that. Uh, number one, like the, the, the presentation that Sam Woods did, uh, at Perry Marshall's event, uh, he was, he was very clear that every piece of copy he's written with AI has beaten his controls.

Right? Um, and the second part is, is like that's, and we actually just had a, a call with Sam last week about this very thing for, for Rich, cuz we're doing the same thing with every episode, right? So every episode generates a transcript, we're now feeding the transcript through AI to generate the action guide and create the thumbnails and the emails and the like. So we're building that system. So we'll get the, we'll, you'll get the benefit of what's going on.

Sure. No, I, I guess, I guess the only question I would ask, you know, and that's, look, John said the same thing. He's like, look man, you know, I'm having ai right? Creatives that are beating our existing creatives. Like, I get it, but how much is it like Sam Woods versus Sam Woods with the AI that Sam Woods has spent a thousand hours learning how to inter, you know, the tool of AI in Sam Woods' Hands versus Sam Woods.

Sam Woods with the AI tool in his hand is better as opposed to the AI tool in your my hand, who does not have the experience with the tool that Sam has. That's my only question. You know, is it as easy as like, dude, just put this in anybody's hand and everybody's a marksman. You know what I'm saying? Well, I mean, no, but I mean, look, it, all, it all comes back to, to the prompts.

And so, you know, based on what, what I'm doing, what Michael's doing, Sam's templates like, like look and what Benson's doing, like the prompts are gonna be figured out. Like, this is the prompt you need to generate a good landing page. Like, period. Like it's not gonna, it will get to a point where the formula is cracked. Um, It seems like we're we're like, I mean, our last conversation to this conversation went from, yeah, it can do this to now most of the people we know are actually successfully doing this, which sounds like the prompt's already.

I mean, if we wanted to ask people for the prompts, we would have the prompts. So the o the only thing that I question Teddy, is like, you know, like I heard the headline news and I did not read the article, but I have my theories, which was like, oh, you know, I forgot, I don't know if Todd mentioned it or somebody was like, oh, AI discovered like the first an antibiotic, blah, blah, blah. And it's like, did AI discover an antibiotic or was there a smart scientist who was using AI as a tool and therefore he discovered an antibiotic using AI as a tool? Not like AI was like off in space making pictures of Pat's riding horses, and all of a sudden it was like, Hey, by the way, I found an antibiotic you guys can use. Like, it was a tool in somebody's hand.

And so my question is like, is it like, man, I wrote something and then I gave it to ai, AI made it better and it beat my control as opposed to like from scratch AI building A V S L to sell something to cold traffic. Like, has any, is anybody making that post? Like, dude, I had nothing, I didn't write something and then make AI make it better. I had nothing. And a purely AI generated piece of copy is converting to cold traffic.

Yeah. So I mean, what, what, what what I'm doing with the stop smoking thing is I had nothing like I had Right? But we don't have, right. But we don't have, we Don't, we don't have results yet. Right, right.

I I, but I'm saying, but like knowing, you know, knowing copy and messaging well enough, like you start looking at what it's creating and you're like, damn, that's, I mean, it wouldn't have been better. Like, I'm a I'm almost afraid to feed it. Here's what I had, because that will send it down a particular rabbit hole, uh, that could end up where then it's just gonna try to re rewrite that versus when you just kind of let it be as creative as it as you can get it to b like what it comes up with is stuff you would never, never have thought of coming up with. Um, and it's, you know, I mean I think the biggest thing too is like, it is a difference. Like this goes back to what I was saying before, right?

Like understanding that all AI is are language models, right? Right. Large language models, right? And so what AI is spitting out is very different than what we typically write because it's actually based on how human communications should sound, right? It's, it's basing, it's, you know, it's just predicting what word should come next.

Like that's all it's effectively doing. And so it's just interesting, like, you know, how what it comes up with and how different that sounds than what most of our copy sounds like and yet is still persuasive and yet still feels like makes you want to buy, makes you want to know more. That kinda stuff. Yeah. Happy, happy Monday, Glenda.

Hello, happy Monday. Um, so yeah, so just, you just be ready Chris and Teddy, when we get back from top one, we'll be getting in full gear. And I really like, again, you know, I think that we've done a, a, a decent job like really engaging with the topic of AI and, and starting to experiment. Like, I really wanna, like you not, not, I want to, we will in Q3 kind of let the rubber meet the road and I want each of us, myself included, to have some just very different, very specific initiatives. Whether it's like, Hey, you know, you're responsible for the follow up, new follow up ca emails for this bullet all generated by ai, you're responsible for converting this to this using, you know, like, so that we have very specific things that we can hone our craft, hone our chops and really figure out like, how much can this, you know, change the game right now for us, you know?

And so The other thing to keep in mind though, and you know, like I love the idea of going through all the copy call stuff. Like, I, I do think there, there are gold in those episodes, um, but you just gotta be, we just gotta be careful. We're prob you should probably have a, a conversation with Kevin Rogers because like, you know what, what he's seeing is he, he can't sell anything copywriting related if it's not about ai. I'm, we just sold, you know, we're gonna sell 13, 14, $15,000 of copy school this week. So, um, and I think, look, I think it also depends on the price point.

You know, I think that if we were selling these mini micro bullets for 97, 1 47, even 67, I think that's one thing. But I think if we're selling 'em anywhere between, you know, 19, 29 bucks, different story when you have, you know, and the other thing, and this is what Todd emphasized, which I agree with, is that hyper-specific, hyper-focused. So not just like, Hey, here's how to write better copy, but what it's hyper focused on, like, you know, here's the exact copy things to, you know, to whatever, to increase your show rate on webinars, right? Like some, right. Solving very specific problems.

Mm-hmm. I think that's also a, a big difference in the value, you know, rather than just, you know, general here's how to become a better copywriter. You know? Do, do you think, uh, with, with that being, with that being said, uh, and maybe this isn't a conversation for now and just just say it, but, uh, I mean, with the technology advancing as fast as it, as it is from the last conversation even to this conversation where Teddy's like, yeah, actually, you know how however many of the people that we're, that we know are using, using it and it's outperforming what they're, what they would write on their own paired with people selling copywriting courses saying, I'm not even, you know, Kevin Rogers specifically saying, I can't even make money, basically. I, I, unless I'm talking about ai, we're not gonna sell.

And so if we're looking, even when we're talking Q3 and q4, I mean, just from our quarter, beginning of our quarter to the end of our quarter, things are changing. Um, how, how will that, um, I I guess the, yeah, let's sell it for as long as we can sell it for. Yes. I mean, if we could still sell copy stuff for the last remaining time. Yeah.

Just To be, just to be clear, it's, it's less about the, hey, we're not gonna make our year on 19 or $29 micro bullets. It's more about like us just being able to play in the field, right? Is being able to take something and say, Hey, can we take something from nothing, how much we leverage AI and put something together that actually converts, you know? Well, and so kind of even just to state, I was on a sales call with this gentleman, um, runs kind of like a business trust. He's, you know, big, big corporate marketing guy, but he is also worked with some of the big, big guys in our, in our realm.

So de definitely knows this stuff, has a lead gen, um, agency. Uh, meaning he wasn't a rookie for sure. And he p he was getting so excited about ai, we ended up just chit-chatting, having a good conversation. He was talking about copy copy, which was one of the ones I was looking at. And he was just saying, he's like, man, it's incredible, like what it's pumping out.

And it basically frames out all of your campaigns. You know, you could just be like, I'm gonna create a, a cold, cold outreach, whatever it is. Like you label on it and then you just pump it with stuff. And, and he did it in real time. I was like, oh, that's really cool.

He said, no, no, hold, let me, let me show you. We are, we are having a good time. He just shared strains with me and he's like, boom, here you go. Here's, here's what I, what I pumped out with this. And the fact that, you know, like, even guys like that, which are a big part of our, uh, demographic, right?

Our agency guys, copy guys, right? People are interested in this topic. It's just something to be thinking about. Cuz he, he was like, man, I've tried everything. And the fact that, you know, his mind and his money and his attention is trying out all these different platforms that are basically taking away the, the reason to buy half the stuff that we're selling.

And so, I don't know, just, just saying that I'm even seeing it indirectly, not even trying to bring up a conversation and people are bringing it up on, on calls now. AI is now something that I'm having to talk about without even trying to talk about it. Great. Well, how do I use it with ai? So it's just, just, it, it'll, it seems like it's moving faster than I think even we were in intending or thinking.

Yeah. And, and, And, and here's something to think about. This, this came up for me the other day. Uh, I, I, I ended up watching this, this video with Jordan Peterson, who's not somebody I normally watch, but anyways, uh, he was interviewing this dude, uh, Brian Roel, uh, who's like, like he makes Sam Woods's prompts look like a third grader, basically, right? Um, but like, and one of the recent things that he published was like that there's, there's actually like one word that when you add it to a prompt, makes, makes a huge difference.

And it's the word let's, right? Like, like let's think through this step by step is basically, basically the phrase is the ideal sentence is let's think through this step by step and make sure that it's right. But that idea of that there is one or two words that can dramatically change the output of a prompt got me thinking. Like, if we were to plant a new flag, and I don't know that Todd wants to do this, right? But like Todd is a master of language and language models and language structure, right?

He's just been using it to actually generate the copy. If he could apply that same thing to generating the prompts that generate the copy, because he understands language that could be a potential new flag to plant. I don't know that he wants to become a, a prompt writer, but, But even even plugging that into an app, I mean, that seems to be where it's going anyways. Which is, you know, buy like, you know, pay for copy, copy for 20 bucks a month and have Todd write your, you know, that that's probably more, more attractive, probably more of a long, long game than selling the prompts. But it Could be almost like a, like a dual thing.

Like, you know, like the, like the way he'll now on a copy call be like, Hey, all right, let's dissect this VSL or dissect this landing page or whatever. Right? Okay. So now it's like, let's dissect the prompt that generated this page. Yeah.

Right? And kind of how can we make this prompt better to make this page better kind of thing. Again, I Yeah, cuz I mean, if, if, if you were scrappy right now and you needed to build a company and you needed to build out a marketing out, I mean, wouldn't you go to these apps first? I mean, it is lower cost. Um, and what you're saying is spot on.

I mean, if you were selling, hey, here's the prompts I use to get to generate X and it Doesn't even have to be the prompts. It could almost be like more, more like A to Z, which is just understanding language and how language is structured and how language should be communicated so that any prompts that you're writing, whether it's to create a sales letter or to, you know, respond to an email or whatever like that you understand the nuances of language, which almost a methodology most people and most marketers don't. Right? And so if you're gonna, if your future is based on learning how to use language models, then you need to understand language and language framework, Right? Uh, just to reel us back in from the, from the, the deep world of the, uh, the quantum realm here.

Um, before we head over to top one, any other updates, anything else anybody on the team needs to know? Um, I mean, I'll just say I know, you know, but I'll be, uh, just letting everybody know I will be traveling, um, I'm gonna be packing up on Wednesday and then, uh, Thursday morning taking off. So I will be in a 26 foot, uh, truck travel across the sun. That's true. Wow.

So, uh, if, if you don't reach me for, for any reason, I could be off grid or Yeah, please don't be checking texts while you're driving. Take a break every once in a while, check in. Don't be checking your trucks when you're driving a U-Haul with your family. Okay. Okay, deal.

I'm glad that you said that and part of you knows that you kind of have to tell me that. So Yeah, no, listen, I, I expect you to stop for gas and check in, but other than that, don't, don't check your phone while you're driving a a, a large vehicle. Okay, Deal. Um, quick thing before we turn to Glenda. So, uh, I saw, obviously we're gonna get the payments from Rob and Kennedy for a little bit of affiliate money.

Uh, did we get paid from Matt Lights yet? Did that get, did that come in? Chris? Bob Elders. Wow.

Gimme one second. No idea. Um, was that, that was your, you, You were a conversation with them? Yeah, let me check PayPal. I'm pretty sure I did, but pretty sure isn't what you want to hear.

So hold on one second. I know the last person that was supposed to pay us paid us. So if that is the last person that was supposed to pay us, then yes, it's received. Um, is that the Silicon Valley Sales Academy? I don't know.

Uh, we don't need to wa to sort of watch you check it on the call, but just important cuz we promoted Matt Lights and we promoted, uh, Rob and Kennedy and just, you know, and also if there's any other money owed from Benson, we just wanna make sure that we're on top of that stuff. Okay. And that's, uh, what was his name was Bob. Hold on. Bob at network.

All right. So Chris, just put it on hold man. Check it after the call please. Yep. Um, so Glenda, uh, just give us a quick update on upcoming top one.

Um, so, okay, so I mean, do you want us to go through the agenda or Exactly. Specific question. Yes. Yeah, before we get into the, the, the other stuff, which is, uh, offsite and stuff like that. But yeah, just quick rundown, how's everything doing, any concerns, any issues, any exciting updates?

So no concerns at the moment. Um, we'll talk about the breakthrough day after this, but, so everything's set to go Wednesday. Um, gonna have the normal sessions from like nine to one, then we'll have the hot seats. Then at night we'll have dinner, uh, dinner from Damien and uh, we'll also have trivia night on uh, Wednesday night. Then Thursday all is set for the cabana night.

We're excited about that. We're gonna have the cigar roller, we're gonna have the live music outside. I found a guitar player, Damien, that those things. Um, and what else? We'll have Foggo, um, for Thursday nights dinner.

Yes, it's gonna be great. And then, oh, I didn't say the lunch. So the lunch for Wednesday will be Taco Chena, which is an amazing like food truck place that does like Asian infused tacos with Spanish. It's like Latin and Asian infused and the taste is phenomenal. So we're gonna be so, so happy with that.

And Thursday we'll have, uh, reunion is gonna be catering our lunch Friday. We'll have black bean deli for lunch and we'll end the day around 12, kind of like the last time so we could wrap up and be out of there by two the latest. So yeah, What did you want? I know we have our day rundown on Friday, but is there something else you wanted to talk about? No, not at the moment.

Oh, I thought you didn't shoot at the beginning of that. You said, well, let me talk about this before I talk about the intensive day. No, I said that I'll, I'll ask the question about the intensive day after I talk about this after I kind of go do the rundown. Okay. So do you wanna ask the question now?

Yeah, Yeah. Ok. What is the question? So I just wanted to be clear on how the schedule's gonna go for that day, cuz I know we're having lunch, um, and we have, you know, taste of Peru is coming in and bringing in lunch. So I kind of wanted to know like for how many heads, cuz we have three people that are doing the breakthrough day.

So then it'll just be us like staff and the Breakthrough Day people for lunch, correct? Yeah, Ray, I think Ray, I think Ray might be bringing a salesperson. Okay. And I don't know if Elliot's bringing a partner. Chris, did Elliot say he's bringing somebody with him?

No. Okay. So Chris, I don't, Krista would would be the partner you're talking about. Right. Okay.

Oh, Krista's coming too. Um, I'm not aware of Krista coming, but I can Is Krista Elliott's partner? Uh, no, that's Ray. Okay. He mentioned a salesperson coming.

Okay, so it's probably Krista then would be my, yeah, so If you could just, just, I don't know at this point whether it's you or it's Lizzie, but if someone could just message him and say, Hey, Damien mentioned you wanted to bring a salesperson. Just wanna confirm cuz we're bringing in lunch. You know, are you gonna be coming in with someone? Right. And Damien, for the lunch, I was just gonna set it at a set time.

It's gonna be like, cuz they're gonna drop it off, Work it out with Chris, whatever Chris says. Well not whatever Chris says, work it out with Chris. Chris, Chris is handling the schedule. I don't need to be involved in it. Let's not cover it on this call.

Yeah, just stay on, just stay on after and then we'll we'll talk through It. Okay. So that's the only other question I had. Okay, cool. Um, and everybody else is good.

Cool. All that. Uh, in terms of members coming, everybody's happy. Everybody's ready. Um, did you let 'em know about the Tuesday night cocktail hour?

Like informal? Yep. So, so no, I haven't posted it yet cause I'm trying to still figure out, well, I wanted you to post a by today, but I wanted to ask your opinion on, cause you know, the whole explosive thing, are we still doing that or am I just posting like, hey originally? Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Um, remember, yeah, I mean like, you don't have to be ex uh, have it be like level one explosive, not level five.

What was that Teddy? What are we blowing up with fireworks? Uh, yeah, no, just an announcement. Yeah. So don't, you don't need to make it like, hey, you'll never believe this massive announcement, check out this video, da da.

Right. Um, but you know, but don't just be like, don't just send a message like, Hey, for those of you that wanna drop by, we're gonna do a, you know, you know, I I would just post like a cutesy little image, you know what I'm saying? Okay, that's good. Uh, I didn't wanna do a video like you were telling me to do earlier. So Yeah, If you want I, what I would do, honestly, what I would do, and you could ask Chris, I'm sure Chris would love to do this for you, is I would, uh, I would take a picture of like Teddy or Teddy and Todd and feed it into mid journey, uh, as like bartenders or something like that and just be like, Hey, you know, for those of you that are showing up early, we're gonna have, uh, you know, Tuesday night, you're welcome to come hang out.

Little pre-event cocktail hour, you know, uh, you know, the, the famous Teddy Garcia will be behind the bar and we'll have some finger food. It'll be a chance to hang out and say hello to everybody before we get to work. That's good. Okay. Yep, yep.

All right. Um, okay. So how are we, uh, last week we talked about not obviously not having contracts or something this week, but having, uh, doing the research and having some viable ideas of what could potentially be viable. So we know if we're going down this road, since it would be good to figure out how many dates we're locking up at our mansions next year and what else we're doing. So I'm excited to hear the update.

So I, um, my top choice right now, so I have like three options in three different locations that I feel, you know, I'm basing that on the closest international airport, the most convenient, um, setup and all that jazz. So, um, Puerto Rico, not because it's, you know, my, my my patria, but honestly they have not only the airport, there's no covid restrictions right now. Um, it's affordable to travel there. It's not like a super expensive flight like other places. Um, and I found this really nice, uh, authentic Mediterranean looking place, like it's called Hotel Conveo.

And they do everything there. It's, it's beautiful. Um, and I'm sure I could work out like a nice deal. I didn't get into all those logistics yet, but I was just doing like, you know, top layer research, nothing too extensive. So Puerto Rico was one, and aside from that, they're having an event planners type of conference in Puerto Rico in August that they're gonna be in San Juan too, that they're gonna be kind of giving information on the best spots in Puerto Rico or in the Caribbean in general.

That awesome. Yeah, so I, I found that when I was doing my research and I said, oh, that would be a cool thing. It's like a three day conference and you know, you get to meet of course other people that, and vendors and all that jazz. So I thought that was cool. Um, second place, um, I was looking into Minneapolis.

So Minneapolis? Yeah. Wow. Yeah, So, wow. Min, how did Minneapolis, I didn't even know Minneapolis Cause I looked up, you know, I looked, well, I did a Google research on top international airports in the US and that came up as number one for whatever reason.

And they also have, you know, rural areas. They have corporate retreat areas. Um, it's different. It's not like what you usually would go to. So I thought that would be cool.

Um, and then the other place I was looking into was Colorado. Um, I found this place that it's like a rust rustic getaway, uh, retreat that we would kind of, it wouldn't be like Gatlinburg, but kind of like that. Um, not exactly like Gatlinburg, but kind of like that. And Denver is another good, uh, international airport and all these things will require any covid issues. There's nothing like, no restrictions.

Cool. So Good job. Good job. Exciting. Um, I have a couple questions.

Uh, so Nashville, no dice with Nashville? Not in nothing too interesting or didn't look too good, I don't Think. Yeah, I mean, Nashville has some places, but I feel like that's more common as well. Okay. Don't you think?

Um, no, it, it might be. So let me ask you a question right now. What is the, remind me, what is the first mansion date for 2024? It's January, right? End of January.

Well, we didn't set the dates completely yet. If We picked the date that you sent, Right? It would, it wouldn't be end of January. It's like middle January. Uh, thank you Chris.

Um, okay. Middle January. So my, my thinking is, cuz I just looked up online and hurricane season in Puerto Rico was July to November. So if we did the second one, what was that Teddy I Would do. I, I mean you wanna be in the tropics in the winter, so I would do change.

So, so you think you would think kick it off in Puerto Rico in January? Yeah. And then if you were gonna do Colorado then I would say probably summer. Unless, yeah, unless you wanna go. But From the Midwest, like I, I love where I'm from.

I think they're great people. They're great people cuz there's not really much there. Um, you know, so I'm, There has to be or nobody will come Ex. Exactly. So Minnesota, I mean, you know, just, just saying maybe it's cuz I'm, I'm jaded, I love my people, but it's an uug ugly, it's, it's the ugliest of the places in the us the Midwest.

So just saying, uh, there's not much there. Just get Yeah, I, I I would lean towards, I mean look, I'm always gonna lean towards warm weather. That's just me. Um, so I, I lean towards uh, Puerto Rico over, over something else. Teddy, All for Puerto Rico Landslide over Colorado.

Let's do it Over Colorado. Yeah. I mean for, yeah, I think so. I think Colorado would be a good US destination though. Puerto Rico is part of the US Technically.

Yes. No, don't offend. Technically it is. Don't offend Glenda and everybody else. Oh no, no.

I know I'm saying state. I'm just saying state. Um, I mean Guam too. I mean Guam is part which actually that'd be another one. Wow.

You're putting Guam on the same page as Puerto Rico Guda? No, No, no. I'm, no, I'm saying as far as states, I'm saying Guam is still part of the US territories as well. So we could travel there without um, any of the passport restrictions as well. So that's another food, food for thought.

But I'm saying I would Actually be hilarious. I don't know what's in Guam, but it would just be hilarious cause nobody goes to Guam. Beautiful. That, that I had a, my, my Jewish buddy David, who I always go on these goofy things with, uh, once was like, wanted to write a movie about he's Jewish and he was like, you know, everybody's always persecuting the Jews or the per about this movie where the whole movie's about this, the solution is to move all the Jews to Guam. Like he, that was his, uh, his big solution was move the Jews to Guam.

Does Guam even have like, like is there, are there Guan like Oh yeah, yeah. I I I I knew quite a, quite a few Gu, Guam or what? I don't know what they, uh, what they were themselves as, but Never, here's the gu, here's see the Guan right here on the beach. I Just, I just assumed that it's all soldiers. We pretty, But all that's to say Glenda, I'm not, you got, hopefully everybody got what I was saying.

I was talking about the lower 48. But um, I was saying if we're gonna do something lower 48, not going outside of the lower 48, I would say Colorado would be a, a good option too. I also found Scottsdale, uh, that's apparently like bumping right now. Yeah. I think every, I think a lot of people are from Scottsdale That that's another reason why because I know Cole's from there and a few others.

So I was like, eh, you wanna do something different, you know? Yeah. So, so here's my question is, so we could do it either January or we could do it in the fall, but in the fall it's still hurricane season. So really January is the time to kick it off. Yeah.

Um, Would you feel comfortable, uh, how I'm talking out loud now. How would you feel about running down the field hypothetically and saying what would it look like to do this in January? What would the numbers look like? Can we come in on budget? Are we prepared?

Again, cuz my goal is I wanna be able to know that we can do that so we can lock up our other two mansion dates. You know what I'm saying? Right. Um, do you feel comfortable running down the field with that? And then we'll make a decision next week.

So you want, so okay, so I'm clear you want me to get all this info including budget and all that this week? Yeah, I mean like you don't need a contract, but I'm saying get far enough down the field to say I am, I have a 95% confidence that if we commit to doing an offshore Puerto Rico sometime in January, that's fine. And therefore we don't need a mansion in January. We can commit to the two other mansion dates and when I get back from top one, I will finalize the Puerto Rico one. You know what I'm saying?

Cause I feel like you did like the top layer of research and it's like, looks like it's feasible. I'm saying go a level deeper and just say I'm sh I'm very confident that we can pull this off in January. It can be in budget and uh, there's availability at some places that I will consider so that I know that again, we can lock up the other mansion dates. Um, and uh, and even potentially announce not a location, but say, Hey, we're gonna kick off the year somewhere special. Right.

We're gonna do, you know, gonna start doing some excursions next year. It'll be the first one. It'll be in January. You know what I'm saying? Yeah.

I think I could do that. Cause I just had to make calls, um, this week and get all those numbers and Yeah. Okay. Does everybody feel good with that? Mm-hmm.

Yeah, that'd be incredible. Yeah. And then, and then like I said, you know, let's look at, uh, again, cause I do wanna lock up those other mansion dates. I wanna get everything through as soon as possible and, and all that. Yeah.

Okay. Sounds good. We're going. We all good? Everybody Sounds good.

All right. I'll see you all later. Bye. Hi Glenda? Yep.

I'll send you a link.
