---
title: "Level 10 2022-11-21 16:59:16"
date: 2022-11-21
duration: 51m
duration_seconds: 3085
vimeo_id: 773456865
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2022-11-21 16:59:16

**Date:** 2022-11-21 | **Duration:** 51m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

But I think candle. Morning, Glenda. Morning, good morning, Chris morning morning. All right. We're waiting for Mr.

Teddy. So we're at yep. Okay. I'm definitely not surprised Glenda. You already have some Christmas stuff up.

Oh, you know I start early I was I had stuff up on November 1st. Wow. Okay, was it was it always November first or is it slowly like gone back and back over the years it has because I I like to decorate a lot or put up a lot of decorations. I want to enjoy it longer. If I do it on Thanksgiving week, it just doesn't give me enough time.

I was I respect that you know and you're in your and when we lived in Brooklyn people used to decorate their Terraces, so if the derivative right because they live in these like two three story apartments and you yard or you know, you have this little balcony Terrace that was usually like maybe three by four. Yeah, but light Santa Claus reindeer on I just much stuff as you can but there would always be somebody who like it would be like January first January 14th, and then it'd be like February 1st and be like dude dude still got his lights up and there'd be somebody who would like leave it up and so much and you'd be like man. I hope that comes okay. I don't know if they're sick. I don't know if their families fall in the pieces but like to take it's decorations down it's over.

What's up today? What's happening? Are we all doing good? Alright, so let's talk about wins from last week. Um, I want to go through some important email stuff and then we're gonna go through.

Any other to do items we have and so on and so forth. And so let's start off with wins from last week. I'll go first I'm gonna go with our you know, the win is getting your winning offer up getting it out. I'll be close to 10K today. Well, which is fantastic.

And again, this is all deadline funnel, which means that this will likely Continue to convert at you know, three four five people a day for the next. Four days arguably depending if people are checking their email on Thanksgiving and so it'll it should finish out at somewhere north of 12K, which is fantastic for us, especially because we're running, you know, we're not only are we making huge steps and I know it's not easy and I know it's required all of us to play play more diligently and play harder, but we're not only going from hey, we're keeping offers in front of people consistently, but now it's like hey man A to Z was running last week, which we'll get to in a second and then we all have your winning offer. So now it's like we have different segments that are seeing the right offers and that's that's a game change of course, and so that that's the big win and big win. You know Tada delivered extremely well and executing on the A to Z copy workshop. And so we ended up doing just around 27k in upsells from that which is just a fantastic and so very very happy about both those things and to see those go so once again, I can go.

Okay. So I got to meet with our new member Felipe last week and they got to know him a little bit more and had a good talk with him. So I'm really excited. He's super excited to be a part of the of the of the tribe and nothing get to know everyone in February. So yeah, he seems like he's gonna be a great fit.

Good. Yeah, good guy. Young guy humble hungry. Yeah, it's you know, like I always like to say our stuff is life changing but it's you know, it's less life-changing like a guy like for Rob cosperg or you know, Joel who have already consumed and are further along but for somebody who's younger like him to get around us at a young age will be will be life-changing not just business but I truly believe life-changing for him. And so it's it's exciting.

It's an honor to get a good luck guy like that in it. So speaking of I have I've texted with Rob cosberg a couple times. I'm trying to like tell them like dude, we're gonna hook you up and he's just like he's texting with me. Just thank me for the cigars what you just thrilled about. But I haven't spoken to yet.

I'm just mentioning it because I just want to make sure he doesn't book his room, uh, and then find out like okay, you know. Yeah. So so you might want to just shoot him a slack and just say hey, you know really excited for February, you know, please make sure to double check with me before you book your room. Okay. All so with that just a quick little note.

I was reading over for this actual email training. Um, you'd sent out a top one email and you said we reserved a rooms Do you remember that I think those last month, but when you announced the room block, you said we reserved rooms. What I meant was that we have I know I know what you meant. You understand why that's a word we don't know is right. Okay.

Yeah, I don't like you've reserved. Yeah, so you definitely I'll show it to it's actually in the in the email review. It's one of the sample emails I pulled up. But yeah, we want to make sure we don't you write the line you want to use is we've arranged a special discounted room block exclusively for you. Right?

We've arranged we've set up, you know. we negotiated but not we reserved because that's how we'll end up people that are like, okay. So where's my room? Yeah, and and I wouldn't say rooms either I would say Villas, you know, so that's clear that it's not a room in the house. Yeah, right.

I just didn't realize I said reserved sometimes my brain things in Spanish. I love the Spanish culture, but we're in English speaking company. So got it. Gotta get it, right? Okay.

Chris went from last week. Yeah, actually, but before we do at least want to ask Philippe reach out to me to schedule a call. Do you know what that's in regard to? So he like he's super eager. So he wants to get to know or meet everybody that's on the leadership team.

So he wants to meet you and he wants me Teddy. So that's that's what that's from and I just confirmed my call with him. That's what that's about though. Yes. Yeah, he just and he's also going to meet with John as well.

So he wants to just meet everyone and see you know, get to know you guys and that's fine. Maybe that's something we should do is just a 15 minute meet and grade. Hey, what's up, dude? This is what I do for the company. This is my background.

This is my expertise. Tell me about you. Tell me about your business super dude. So glad you're in the group. Look forward to see me in person and hit me up.

If you need anything, you know, like that's great actually really like that. Yeah, it's good. All right. Yes, my win would be closing Libby which is a new gallon our E5 AA program and I close your on the call, which was exciting. So I'm really trying to move move it into as of course and it's a goal.

I think for every sales guy right close it on the call, but really just being reminded that you know, it's not done until money's in the door. It's not a sale until the money's in the door, right? It's said Dog the Bounty Hunter after pager Yeah. Well, yeah, I mean well at the end of the day it's like, you know collecting the money is it, you know collecting the money is is closing the Right. And so I want I want as much as I can to close the deal on the call and I was really excited because that's my like what I was in my brain was like I'm closing this on the call and I was exciting just to be able to jump on get it you can soft, you know, boom get the money.

What's her last name? It's not older lady named Olivia. No. No, it's a first name is Libby. Last name is You think I remember?

It's not up. This is Mrs. Nyborg. Libby Adams close let me Adam second. Okay, that's Teddy.

Do you get my reference? No, I don't know. Glendower Glenn Ross when he's like I pan out and I said Mrs. Nyborg and they're like and then he's like Alec ball and like she's broke. They're crazy.

They have no money. Like what are you talking about? Like that deals not even gonna go through curses like he signed. This is not working. All right.

Anyways, all right. Yeah excited to see those sales come in certainly as we get ready for thinking about the New Year kind of talking about a the role of AA how we feed a and all that stuff is something we'll look at Teddy win. I don't know dude feels like last week. There was a ton of crap. We we got done.

So yeah, certainly your winning offer and every other promotion that I worked on last week. And then also, you know, I think even though our even though we had to screw up I think our call on Friday was was a win as well just to talk through that and I'll get on the same page so crap All right. So let's look at Okay, so I want you know there there's more conversations. We'll talk just structurally how we how we get better and really own things. But I want to really just address the email stuff.

And so what I've done is there's two things I want to do three things three steps and step number one is I want to look at it. I prepared an actual email training we're gonna go on the Fly we're gonna look at emails and a deck and see if we're able to recognize. What's right. What's wrong? What should be go out?

And this is just critical, you know, I remember just just to give a frame of reference. We when I first started working with Todd, right and I you know, I was scaling the real estate investing company. He asked me to come over I came over and I remember like something happened like a webinar got a box or something like that and I was like, oh, yeah and the real estate thing happens all time to do today and and he stopped me and he was like dude, it's not the same. He's like in the real estate space. You're expected to be a real estate expert if you botch up your marketing, if you botch up your tax, like it doesn't say anything.

It doesn't compromise or or hurt or damage or credibility as a real estate person because you're a real estate person, right? Same thing. Right if we were selling dog training, right and we sent that a promo with broken links. Nobody's gonna be like dude. It's got sent broken links and I'm gonna let them train my dog right like Different things but when we're the marketing not just not just a marketing Authority, but we are one of the marketing authorities when our marketing.

When we drop balls, it has people question. It hurts. It hurts our credibility hurts our reputation. And so for a majority of people right like the majority of their interaction right their relationship with us is email. Right.

Um, it is the emails that come out from our company from Tod's name and stuff like that. And so that's so that's why we really need to to dial this in and obviously now that I'm doing marketing as well. This includes me because I'm creating stuff we're doing more offers. And so we really need to step it up. And so we're gonna do is we're gonna go through this training which will take all about 15 minutes or so and we'll likely do it again in a different intervals and just check it.

Number two is Chris a task Chris if you haven't ready now great. If not, I send out by tomorrow to come up with a something that you said the other day Teddy that we have a very specific protocol that's followed for emails, right that like not like well Damian check the links Chris check the images, you know, I check the punctuation like that. There's just always one list that we check. Okay. Boom.

These are these are the eight things we check on everything. That'll make sure it's not much. Um, and then which should be clear date Jamie you you did that. I mean you you let you label exactly what you wanted because I mean especially for email since we're jumping on a training and you're training us on what you want your list of your expectations that you resent me. Really, I think when it comes down to is a system and a process because a list I want you to my list is 80% 90% done, but I want you to just check Check through think if there's something that I've been like dude check this that has come up in the past check with Teddy.

And then also making sure that it's articulated in a way that it is appropriate right not like you know bullet point one is the email good right? Totally right? Like check you know, right is the grammar, right? Well grammar's punctuation grammar spelling grammars other stuff is you know, and so thinking about without making it elaborate. Um, just making sure that it's clear right but even something like that dude like that like, okay grammar.

Okay, what does that mean? Don't start a sentence but because or end which we do all the time like sure. Yeah, and so we need to we're gonna need to walk the, you know, walk the narrow path between not making it so complex that can't use it but also making it clear enough that it is valuable, right? Yeah, and I What I'm saying is designed it so that somebody who is not mean you were Chris could run through it like somebody from the Philippines could follow it and prove it, right? Um, and then speaking of the Philippines number three, is that especially at least I mean for the foreseeable future there really should only be two people pulling the actual trigger and firing the email and obviously one of them's gonna be Todd and the other one's gonna be Tech and so ah Chris working on the process whether it's like, you know, you turn the key and you say Ted, you know, Teddy this campaign has gone through the checkpoint.

It's good and then Teddy makes you know, but we need to make sure that there's a very clear chain of process and accountability. That should only apply I would think to to campaigns for the most part like Like the broadcast on Friday that Chris wrote up to tell people that the recording was in the portal like I don't need to send that necessarily. Chris could have easily sent that say, you know like so we just got to figure stuff like that out like because then I become bottleneck sometimes in terms of Well, I do I do like having one streamline because I think what the issue right now is that there's multiple Cooks in the kitchen. Well, sometimes somebody runs this sometimes they don't sometimes you own this sometimes I own it and it's all over the place. And so I I do like the idea of simplicity.

So whatever would be the the simplest for us to do and obviously always be able to you know, get good at whatever role it is that we're doing versus like sometimes you know, sometimes we'll understand an email. Sometimes I send an email, you know, so I don't know but at the same time I get what you're saying it every single I would say if it's like, you know, if it's marketing if it's Communications to lead up to the sale or even the automated stuff after the sale like their initial confirmation, that's fine. But then once it becomes Ops related afterwards and the Ops Team send it And and maybe that right so great Point Teddy and maybe that is that case that okay. Chris is only allowed to pull the trigger on Ops emails, but it still follows the same protocol right? It's still gonna go through the same, you know, whatever, you know, eight point nine point check that we do um, and then all so crucial need to think about in Teddy raise.

Another good point is do we need to have a slightly different or a variation of the process for um, campaign versus Broadcasting thems I I think to simplify it one off emails. That's just really what we're saying. If it's if it you know ever all these stuff that we're talking about thus far recordings. That's that's not an one-off email that should be like part of the campaign because that's part of the delivery that that's part of the flow that they just bought. Here's the next information that's all part of the campaign one-off emails.

I do agree. If everybody sending their one off emails to people to Teddy that's gonna be a bottleneck and so I think one-offs were individually responsible. We have to follow the protocol and it should be I mean again, I'll be the bottleneck but it should be sent to somebody to proof because if it is based on one person, we're gonna probably fall into the same issue with congruency on it. It's like, okay. So so to be very very direct I want to focus on The training stuff right now.

I do you I think you have a clear enough understanding of the way the process needs to be thought about certainly Teddy will be super valuable to bounce around with on that and so come up with something and then send it to me and I'll look it over and then we'll go Teddy if you're cool staying on after. Yeah. Cool. Um, yeah. And again, I understand right the goal.

Right? It's very easy to make things complex. So make it complex and then do the hard part and figure out how to simplify it, right, you know, you can see if the broadcast is sent to over 10 people all over 50 people. Here's the rule if it's up, you know, if it's campaign. Here's the rule, you know, like it just needs to be Clear, right?

It shouldn't more than a one page checklist and a one page process sheet. Okay. Yep. All right. So so we're ready for you're ready to we're gonna go in I won't lie when I tell you that did have fun making this.

Okay, so Want to show you this email this is where this all started. And so this email went out Todd was extremely frustrated that it didn't go out with the proper spacing. And so that's obviously something that's gonna be you know, we've talked about it Teddy. It was something that Chris, uh wasn't aware of and honestly also something that when I looked at the email I was so high for focused on making sure everything I didn't spot it. I didn't spot that the spacing wasn't right, but this is this is hard return email.

And so what's really important when emails go out is that they are visually good that they don't look like a just somebody just shoved a bunch of words into a bag and then you open them up and you spill out everywhere especially on mobile. And so that means that at the end of every sentence you have shift and you hit return once and you hit return twice and that's what creates this better usage of white space. Okay, so left example Is bad spacing and proper spacing right is the standard protocol of how all our spacing needs to be on our emails? Okay, just subjectively the other it's like if you had asked me like which is the right version I would have said the left. Okay.

Well now now we're all on this and and I sympathize with you because I was the one that approved the left. I said yeah left looks good. You know, I was I just looked at I don't remember if I looked it on slack or something, but I was like, yeah, this looks good. But right is the way is is the way we're gonna use spacing that's gonna be you know, we we don't have any we have very few standards in the way we execute our business, but in terms of email, this is just like there's like a brand code or a brand guide like this is our email right? It's gonna be this basic.

Okay, just to be clear shift return. So to to returns in one shift, correct? Gotcha. So at the end of the sentence shift return shift return and then we'll we'll see a couple examples of that. Does that make sense to you Glenda?

Okay, so now We get our first quiz. Okay. So here's an email. I jacked this email up in some way. I will tell you how many mistakes there are in this email what I want everybody to take 30 seconds.

Look at the email 40, you know, 30 to 60 seconds. It might be grammar. It might be spacing. It might be something else. And do we just spit it out or is this like a competition?

No, no, it's not a competition. I like I love competitions, but I'll help you out on this first one right got some so there's one there's one error that I'm looking for. There might be more than one but there's one error that we're looking for in this one. There's actually two sorry. Do we just spit it out?

You don't Chris. Well, yeah after the checkout what's in this box. I'm ready to mail you there's it isn't double spaced there and it's not double space actually above that as well. So, okay. Um, so so, yeah, so the spacing right above check out what's in this email is off.

You can see that's a hard return. So we go from Harbor term hard return to not hard return. Yeah. And yeah, the headline doesn't match the subject line. Pick inside the huge box.

So now you Yeah, that that certainly would be a good I didn't catch that one. That's a good right. We want that to be congruent. Also, if you looked as a typo click here see all that I was gonna see inside here to see inside. Okay?

All right ready for another one? Yeah, we're gonna have Glenda go first on this one. Yeah. More sales by triggering dopamine. This was an email that was sent during the maresa murgatory promo.

There's no what is that called? Like there's no like hey Todd or hey, whoever and that that's a good a good catch, but that's not an issue because sometimes we don't always have first names for every record. So we don't always start with a hey contact name we do that when we sell the buyers because we have their names but when it's not buyers we might not Especially as spelled wrong. Very good. So we have a typo.

Especially spelled wrong. Very good. What do you guys think of spacing? Dog, just right so we have this is the condensed spacing. It's not hard return spacing.

What else you see? There's at least one more. There's three links in it. Okay, too many legs. I know that's a Ted in and that's something we should look at right Teddy.

It's something you've pushed about that. We don't want to send multiple, you know in terms of deliverability. Now, this is interesting we get from formatting protocol to deliverability, which is for all of you when you have multiple hyperlinks to the same destination destination. It hurts deliverability. And so we would certainly want at least get rid of one of these.

Probably the middle one possibly two of them is two is two is too bad and three is worse or is are they both worse Teddy in terms of number of hyperlinks. If you were sending me an email, would you include two links to the same thing? as a human being no problem not. Then that's the criteria. Okay, but what is what is the deliberability of criteria?

It's that's the criteria. Like Google's looking at it to be like does this look like a human senate or like? All right, so certainly we would want to limit to two but ideally one hyperlink. There's another type there's another and and that's a good one. I'll look at there when I got to make sure that because I know Todd definitely likes to use multiple hyperlinks.

So we just have to you know from a marketing standpoint have to make a decision. Do we want to try to increase click rate the more focus on deliverability and we'll just make a decision. It's not it's not like I use one hyperlink in my emails Todd uses six in his and Glenda is only allowed to use two in hers, right? What type of one no, I mean if it's long it just back to the human thing. I mean, I would send multiple links if it was a long email because I wouldn't want you to miss the link above if I scrolling down and and that's a that's about point which is something you know, which is why Taj I was like man, we don't, you know kind of this above the below the full thing.

We don't want somebody to have to go all the way because somebody right you have their attention for seven seconds eight seconds ten seconds, and if you click the link now, they've made a micro commitment and now you've kind of reengaged your attention to a new piece of something but if they have to read the whole email, that's your name. There's one more type of well, what if you have is it okay to have multiple links in an email like if it's for different Things so it's hurt you if it's for different, right if I sent the top one email and I was like, hey check out this presentation here. You can also apply here. That's fine because it's different desk but it's it's sort of like an indication of spammy right? Click here Chris, by the way that you click here Chris nice graduate this email remember to click here, right?

It's The algorithm on the the screen and whatever there's one more typo. So more like the racer Heaven. Okay, take a second Reverb. So more courses. There we go.

Good job. So you do slow down and proofread Teddy and I always say we're immune to proofreading most effective app and gaming techniques to sell more course. Yeah. Oh my you know, I might make this easier. It's not it's not necessarily cheaper, but would be like getting a grammarly account and having whoever's proofing.

These just have grammarly installed and Yeah, so so the only issue with grammarly is we do a lot of things that are not grammarly like starting sentences with prepositions. Um, there was one other one that actually I forgot about and we missed right here, which is double from give your give you more repeat sales from from your buyers. Okay. Let's check out another one. All right, I don't think I don't think spelling I mean as long as I proof stuff, I mean I just so you know, I don't think I mean, I don't think about I mean, of course, I think if what you're saying is is that everybody should be proofing their own stuff before you send it to me to proof I'm game on that so I don't want to jump jump in that but I yeah, so just curious what what was there a lot of spelling errors in the emails that were sent out recently?

So I think spelling is probably the least of our issues. It's more grammar, right like missing words missing words repetitive words wrong words. Yeah, it's less spelling for sure. Well because I'm not really I wasn't really like looking for spelling right now. It's more the other stuff.

Right but a double word like using the word from twice like in the last yeah, and that that's all just standard proofing. All right. It should have been of marketing resources I've ever created. I should well so here we go. See the most values.

So Glenda's right or should be take out the word of and just be the most valuable marketing resource, right? So, yeah, so there's two to fix this, right? But that's certainly an issue right the the plural, you know, whether it's plural and and it also that that dangly preposition. So there's there's three clicks between but and you there's no there's not correct spacing in between it took me and I created it as well. And so that's and then what about the space and below a signature?

Yeah, right. So there's so there we go. Right so we have also this spacing is too big right? It's three right up spacing issue here spacing issue here spacing issue there and then the off there's still one more. Oh, maybe David missed it.

Where's the other one Damian? It was just 250 other. I mean you could sell it again. It's subjective, right? So this is okay Todd's Todd's, uh proclivity for excessive ellipses.

No, it took me over 10 years of patients in diligence to put this together. Subjective, but if I was grammar proofing it like I would have added the word this. Yeah, it could go either way for sure. I mean, it's I want to call it incorrect. But certainly the way you said it is more, correct?

yeah, and I think that comes down to understanding how the person would say it to it's like, you know, it's like they're certain slang that I think is okay in our conversational because I mean for it to be conversational coffee that's conversational. If I said seven seven hours regard at least the most valuable marketing resource I've ever created it took me over 10 years of patience and diligence to put together. Yeah, that's how you'd say. It reads fine. There's there's no there's no loss of clarity, right?

There's no confusion over what's being communicated? but I do get what Teddy's saying is for and this comes into process is because this requires even one-off emails to to understand conversational copy for it to whether to know whether it's a mistake or it's Purpose and so I think that's why you know as far as across and the answer the answer might be Chris that there's certain things. It's up to the to the writer. Right and the writer's voice but there are other things we can get on absolute lockdown like right like spelling errors, like repetitive words right words that are you know, utterly missing spacing issues. Even we've had emails and Teddy noses.

There's been times when you know, whatever something gets wired up. Something's not ready or something was done fast and an email will come out and it'll come from Damian at marketing funnel automation. Right doesn't happen to offense, but it probably happens once twice a year that you know, three times a year that we send out from the wrong email address which not only causes confusion. It exposes our personal addresses to a list of 10 20 30,000 people plus the deliverability is also terrible because people never get email from Damian at marketing or Teddy at marketing funnel automation. Right, so that's something that can and should and doesn't even checked.

So in our if you're gonna get to it, yes, but as far as where kind of hitting on where it sent from, I remember you saying everything needs to be sent from from support or did you say Todd? It's a poor but the the problem is is that there's a there's a recent glitch in infusion where if you just Select the from person as Todd's user account which technically has support at marketing funnel automation as his email address. Like that, that should be the right way to do it. But there's been a glitch in infusion lately where even if you select that it'll still send it out as the last person who touched it. So you actually have to go to other and manually put in the name Todd Brown and support at marketing funnel automation.

And that's just it's an infusion glitch. It's not. Huh? Okay, we're not include that in the process. That's really all right blender.

We have your email. Let's go with two with two biggies the spacing which I didn't even know that there had to it's okay, right? That's what we're doing this we're doing this. So this is communicated without you know, because it was Todd communicated said it's a Teddy then set it to me. But at time I'm not sending marketing emails.

Chris had no idea about it. Can't hurt about it Through the Grapevine. You didn't know about it. All right. So spacing what's the other is is there logic behind it?

Because I'm telling you this looks better. looks on the logic is that's the way Todd wants to emails to go out. So since he that bro, since he's the guy he can stand across the kitchen and look and go the space is off the second break. I was like dude. I literally I had a conversation with them a week ago about spacing and then I looked at Chris's email.

I was like looks good. And then Todd's like dude, are you even looking at the email? So he's got the eye for it. He owns the marketing and so plus his names on the company. So yeah, that's where we're gonna do it.

Um, what's the other thing? I know everybody that I put we have reserved. Right. Yeah Reserve this sort of separate issue. But yeah, we don't want to use reserved.

What do you think of that Hyperlite? Oh, yes. I should have done the hyper like it. Yeah, I'm sorry about that. Yeah.

Oh for something like that. I would say you want the full length just in case. what I mean just in case the hyperlink because it's a company sometimes infusion can check stuff like that up when you make it an infusion soft link and it's got to go through infusions redirect like like I get it from a from what it looks like, but I mean that's If you don't do it like that, then there's no way for the person to copy and paste it and if infusion Jacks it up. Like almost we care about tracking the clicked on it. So that's so that's a great point from Teddy there, right?

So that's something I wouldn't even have thought that that was something I could get broken by Infusionsoft, but that's why right. So the rule needs to be like hey hyper, you know link should be hyperlink on last. It's a I don't know if we just drive this a custom order link is what it is really, but I certainly would at least take the font size down so it's no more than two lines. So that it's not four line hyperlink. Yeah at the same time it just playing advocate here at the same time.

I mean, do you think for something like this somebody would reach out to us if they had an issue with the link? And also if you pray if you sent it to yourself, would it would it be an isolated thing where you know, I don't have an issue send that send the test to myself I click on it opens up opens up. Well, and this is maybe more for Teddy. I mean could it just be guy has an issue with the link? Everybody else is fine or is it is messed up and Infusionsoft does screw it up.

If I send a test to myself I can deduce whether it's messed up or not. So part of the reason it it can get messed up is because and by default whenever you make it an Infusionsoft link infusions always gonna add additional information to the end like the the infusion the hash infusion contact ID. And so, you know, that's fine if it's going to click funnels or our stuff, but when it's going to somebody else's server. Sometimes that adding extra stuff can make mess things up. I mean, yeah, technically if you test it it should work.

but I mean There's just no reason just to make it easy for the person like There's the link either click it or if it doesn't work, you can copy and paste it and you've got the link. It's not something, you know, if we're trying to track that they clicked it so that we know that they started the booking process because we want to have a reminder sequence to make sure that they book the room if they don't like that's a different story then we need to do it as an Infusionsoft link, but So so for me it really is it's cost-benefit it really I Damian you'll have to make the call on that because to me I like I I am OCD and so I do like things to look clean. So I I'm gonna be much more the used to use the click here type of type of thing the hyperlink, but and frankly like the and by the way the way I what I'm the only right way to do it so that it doesn't do it. I just said is to just paste the link into the email as text and don't make it an actual link and let the email client turn it into a link because otherwise it's still going to run through infusion if you actually Select that if you select that link text and then you open up a little window and create insert length kind of thing. Then it's still the same problem.

All right. But the other thing I would say about this email subjectively again is you know. Why is it why is it to top one fam instead of me personally? Paying 45 Grand a year. You got to speak to me as a group.

For what? Fair copy point for sure Right. It's almost like a blog post right? Like hey top on fam or post in a channel not to a person. Yeah, I didn't think that all right.

Hey John cannot you know Todd and you know, Todd and our whole top one fam. Can't wait to see you in 2023, right? All right last email. Everybody take a minute. From you and not not a space after you'll walk away at a bare minimum.

It's missing a missing a space. And folks in attendance and talk number two missing a space. And I don't think now this is you didn't cover this. But enjoy and there's a space under for Todd. I think that looks pretty so I don't know if that's if that is the rule to have a space there.

That would only be one space by the way. If it was I don't think there should be a space. I think that look I never I never put a space. Damage, you hear that that's facing is terrible. Yeah agreed.

It's right. So that's the point. So after enjoy. It's just one hard return. Not to it's still a hard return.

Because if you don't hit the hard return it'll actually give you a different size space if you just hit return, so it's just a single hard return before his signature not a hard return to soft return just so you're clear. Um shift enter is a soft return enters a hard return. Okay, sorry. I thought those were hard returns that we always enter as a hard return shift. Enter is is a soft return.

So the praising is we're doing double thoughts. Yes. Correct. But that but the thing I'm saying right now is enjoy and Todd actually there should be not there shouldn't be a space between those it they should still it's enjoy shift. Enter Todd.

That's what about the rest of the spacing. Anybody notice any other jacked up spacing? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I just under you'll walk away at a bare minimum and then folks in attendance to talk number two.

Shouldn't that whole like the talk shouldn't they be like bulleted? Or something instead of just space like that. Yeah, I do a great does kind of look like. Yeah, we could bowl with them. I wouldn't call that an error.

That would be a sort of preferencing. All right, but so hold on so so there's another right so Talk number one engineering. It's Glenn is right like talking about engineering the moment of true for prospects if that quote. Is related to talk one, then there shouldn't be a space between it at all. It should be maybe a line break like that's a header and then that text goes directly underneath it with no line breaks no space because it's related to it's part of the same paragraph technically.

Same thing with the one below it. Right, but the paleneticals do indicate a new the parenthetical and the Bold separate. It's a rather than creating another alternate spacing. Right. So a lot of this has to do.

Less with logic and more on ions. And so I agree with you teddy. That makes sense. Right? Like hey, like it was a click funnels page would be like, all right.

Well, this is more of like a subhead. Let's keep this closer to the Head. Um, but it's more important just visually it just looks it has a certain look in a certain feel to it. Um, and so creating a different size space between engineering the moment of truth and below it rather than just having it all be the consistent soft return. If so, are you saying that the rule is after every period there are all like there will never be a paragraph with two sentences in it.

What do you mean after every period it will never be a paragraphs. It means between every block and I'm saying that that potentially is a paragraph like those those that's one thing right? There's there's a heading and then there's a block of text that describes that further. Describes that that heading that was just made. But my question is like is the rule that there were always only be one.

sentence per paragraph No, no, I think the rule I think the rule is. It's not that you you. Won't have single sentences, but we I we don't want to go past. three very full sentences Okay, right. So three full lines of text need to be broken up.

So just to be clear. And three and under you can technically if it's in the same, you know block you can get away with but anything more than three it needs to be broken up. Yeah. And again, my point is like like had I written that email. I would have done it just like I said, right.

Dial one the headline and then the the paragraph right under it and then if Chris went into proof it like how would he know that? That's what I wanted versus. Oh, this is missing space. This is the two spaces. Let me add them in and that's a great that's a great question.

Right? This is not right. This is not as easy as like hey always, you know always submit your pay on this day of the week, right like it's not that simple. Um, It's more complex, but the goal is to take and I'll send you this doc because I do have to go in a few minutes get ready for one clock is to take this down take the conversation come up with again the most elegant and then simple way to do this and then we put that into and then I'll send at the top and say hey this is properly articulate what you want the consistency to be across all our emails. And if he says yeah, dude never less than three sentences, you know never more than three sentences of text period end of story then that is the way we're gonna do it.

But that is complicated because it's like what three how you know, we basically do every sentence is getting broken. Yeah. It shouldn't be up to us. It should be like whatever is submitted by the person who wrote it like Like if the Google Doc shows it as as a paragraph with five sentences, then that's how whoever wrote it wanted in like. Because now we're changing other people's work if you do it any other way.

Well, and that's the thing right? So that's where in doing this again. It'll be it'll be Todd's final decision to just say okay like this is what we want to consider standards and not standards. And if his standard is I do our company. We never send an email out that has a block of text longer than three full lines.

Then that's what we're gonna if he says it's four lines if he says I don't care then maybe it won't be something maybe say the only thing I care about is that the front name matches spacings, right? Um, so we'll work on it. We'll just pause it and then we'll it's gonna be a process. I don't I don't expect this to be done in the next, you know, we're gonna Lock and Load this next 60 minutes, but we will come to a couple things that are key and that they clear they can be followed by everybody. Okay.

All right, so two other quick things and then I do need to go because I have to fill up before I gotta want to clock with Todd. To go over email persuasion. Um, so Teddy I sent you a message this morning. I just figured it. Sometimes it's good to articulate it.

Is that okay about what I said about The E5 kit. Is that the way you want me to do it? No, it needs to be a new pay. I mean technically you don't have to do anything. Right because all we're doing is changing the price terms on the page.

Right, but the the language in the way it's described in the copy needs to be updated. Because all the buttons say, oh this book is free, which is 995 shipping, right? Um, you know in different places it's gonna say get a free copy of this book, so I need to update all that. You got it. But so yeah.

No, I need to I need to clone it and make a new order page with the new setup. So it's not a split test. It's an actual new page. Okay, so then if you can please you don't I don't want you to focus on anything else because I know we have the Black Friday thing. But if you can just set that up so I can play around and work on that and we probably are not going to do nothing with it this week.

We might do something with it next week. But at least I can work on that in the meantime. Okay, and then if you can post up on any bar those barred book kind of so, yeah looks like 200 people total 50 of them potentially first time buyers only five people from the swipe file. Interesting, okay. Very interesting.

All right, cool. All right, I'm gonna bounce we all good. Yeah. All right guys, good job, and I see what's going on. Here are different ones you yeah, we'll stay on actually.

Okay, actually, we'll jump on a different link already. Yeah, you might you get my message. I just saw your message. Yeah, are you November 2:30? the no-shaped November No Shave November, I mean, you know about No Shave.

No, but But I think Chris looks like he's doing he has the Scruff going on. He's usually all clean face. And yeah, I was getting I was getting lazy and then my electric razor broke. So I just with it. It's getting super white though.

Now, I'm just like the past two years. It's just gotten ridiculously white. So I usually try to keep it clean cleaning and take a couple shave a couple years off, you know. Yeah, I might do the option actually go shave shave for it's been a while since I've shave shaped. Oh, wow.

Oh clean face. Maybe we'll see look like I'm 12. I like the hat like the Hat tune his hats getting a lot of use. We need some more of these. Yeah, I just got to find another material because that one's more like winter because it's like the felty type material.

You know what I mean? That's good. I mean pretty much all hats are all good hats are out of this material. That's just that would be good all year round because I was just talking about this but Damian so I was like, maybe I could find like a dry fit or caught anyone that yeah with potentially like those. Yeah, like the like the Under Armor ones are a little more breathable.

I think that one is called Flex fit and that's right. It fits so comfortably. Oh, my good hats are flexfits. Yeah all my favorite hats I should say. I just got this hat that has wax on it.

And so it repels water. That's right. I don't know why I'm trying to flex that but yeah, not a big deal, you know like, okay. All right, you guys have a good meeting. I will see you guys later.

We'll do. I go talk. Yeah, let's do this.
