---
title: "Level 10 2022-10-24 16:15:21"
date: 2022-10-24
duration: 37m
duration_seconds: 2236
vimeo_id: 763473436
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2022-10-24 16:15:21

**Date:** 2022-10-24 | **Duration:** 37m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

You know man, how are you? Good. Are you? Good what's going on there? Much excited to see what the hell happens this week.

Should be interesting, right? It's gonna go pretty good feels pretty good. I'll go feeling about it. Either way. We put 2,000 new people on the list for free.

So well, I mean a lot of those are our people. What's up Fonda? Hello. Good afternoon. How's everyone doing?

Good? How are you? Good. TV will joining us in a minute. Obviously the focus of the focus and focus is decade plus launch starts tomorrow cartoons.

And four days Glendale while waiting for TP to join in a minute or two. What a what's the skinny with a who's on the schedule? to meet Kyle is already talking about with you. No, no, oh for the decade plus, I'm sorry. I supper from that by the way.

I still never heard back from what you call it. from about Yes, because he told me just last night that he was gonna let me know about a time this week something the last week. He just wasn't available. Gotcha, okay. So give me one second.

I'm pulling up the calendar now. Okay, so tomorrow that is meeting with David. and then Kevin Rogers and Matt and Matt, okay, and then what about Kevin Rogers David and yeah, and then what's today after that? So the day after that he doesn't have anything at the moment on his calendar. What about I thought Richard was doing something.

Where did they do this weekend? No, then yeah, they ended up meeting this weekend. That's what they told them. Okay, and did I Leanne didn't from John Benson didn't request anything. And then what about Robin Cara?

They already did something. Yeah, they did something at the end of September. Okay. Um, and then or at a communicated with golf blah blah blah. There is what there was one bonus I couldn't access.

Notion, which one it is now. Okay, you do. What's up guys? What's actually how are you? Good?

How are you? Good. So go ahead TV. I wanted to Chris's sadly say prayer from he doesn't know what he has but he's up all night puking and his when I said, hey, man, I just might need you to QA a page. He goes.

I'm fading in and out of Consciousness, so I'm not in good shape. All right. So hmm. So one of the questions one of the big questions was for Chris, but he's I sorry I could text him. Yes.

So I'm I'm curious. Um, I'm curious if there is an option to do rapid shipping on the on the decade flight and what that would cost us because I think that that could be a very simple bump. Like depending on what it would cost us. Right and so just see what he says and then we'll go from there. Let me go on to a couple other things I have with that with the purpose of that bumpy to make us money or just get people excited and just train them to start saying yes or no to make us money.

So like in other words if Chris said, you know, like like I would have the bump at like 49 dollars depending on what the rapid shipping was, right? So in other words it would be we would make money from it. Got it. Okay, but just International, I don't know that that's why I really domestic only I mean that's I mean then how do we do that as a um as a bump? So before I go to before I go to Glenda, um, so Damian I couldn't remember what we said for the bump.

So I didn't put a bump on the order form. Do you remember what we said because I couldn't find it on the notion that I picked on the bump. We talked about having some sort of a video from you of like how to use the swipe file. But I don't know if you made that a bonus. Yeah, hmm.

Because it was like a logical what you're getting these. How do you use these that you know? Yeah, it was gonna be it was gonna be like a live training. I thought this was the document said good to do do bump how a player copyrighters extracting money using decade deliver. This is Workshop about three weeks after promo.

So everyone has a chance to get it show up with swipe file and take pick up everyone holding it up. Oh, you're right. Deliver this as a workshop about three weeks after the promo. So everyone has a chance to get it have them show up with the swipe and take a pick how a player copywriters extract big money using the decade plus swipe file. Okay.

So Teddy, I'm gonna add that. I didn't even see that. I wonder why I didn't see that earlier probably in my delirium. Um, so I'm gonna I'm gonna add that. Um Let me let me ask you this though, Teddy.

So is there an option with with CF Pro Tools to not have the formatting look like the standard bump like with the etched, you know, like is there a way to have it not look like the standard click funnels bump offer? Yeah, I mean you can change over CSS restart. You can you can you can control the whole thing with CSS. Mm-hmm. And you know CSS and probably make it look however you want and then I'll you know, you can also insert a real image into it.

Yeah that I know. Oh, okay. So I'm gonna I'm gonna add that when we're done and then I'm gonna show you an example of what I would like and you tell me if it's possible with CSS. It's not a big deal. I just would like it to not look like the standard, um, click funnels, um, click funnels bump.

Um, let me go back to my list. Um, and are we doing agency copy as a second so or not say that again? We had a A to Z copy Workshop as the second upsell we're doing well. So Damian's doing the Ride Along for A to Z. Okay.

Since since your slam speaking up Todd, will you happen there's no there's no way with another question to ask Chris. I'm gonna assume for one second that there's no way to there's no way to change. The Ride Along for some people I'm assuming that there's not I'm assuming that that'd be a pain in the butt. Meaning the ride along is the Ride Along right? So I know Damien I'm gonna look at I would say probably is possible but I would say fair enough goofy fulfillment people is I don't think it's worth it.

So I just went with just so that you know Damien I went with um the a down cell off a down cell for the Agora copy school as a payment plan. Okay. Um, and so, um, will you will you have five minutes to look at your updated lift letter so that I can get that to Chris and then I'll start working on updating the sales pay. Yeah the end of the day, that's fine. He just tomorrow.

Yeah the end of the day Um, and so okay. I just want to make sure you okay. So Teddy, I need to before I go to Glenda for just a couple of unrelated things and then we'll go back to this. So for I just need to go in and populate the second chance emails, correct? Seconds change emails.

Yeah, and okay and the video for Agora Financial College. Yeah that I got so that's my schedule. That's part of my schedule for for today. I didn't want how many do a new one. I don't want.

I didn't want to use one that we have someone to do a new one for that and the down cell and then the second chance email signal. Okay. I can change this for coffee school. Yeah. Yeah.

Okay so that we need to stand on an order page for coffee school, too. God it so we can't do we can't do um, I can't do extra funnels type thingy if you want to keep up keep it a one click. We haven't done that in in a long time. Is that still even viable? Should still work.

Yeah, I mean hmm so the question Damien is for the second chance offer for AF copy school, and I think that Obviously it's going to be the pay payment plan. That's going to be the second chance offer. The question is do we send people to an order form to re-enter their credit card details, or do we make it up a one click? Which requires some you know, some tech some macgyvering? That's a place where I love the simple, but it's simple for us or simple for them.

By the way. We did just crack tooth 2000 on the early notification list on the buyer regulus just kiss anybody's watching the numbers on the waiting list which way so that's cool. What are your thoughts Teddy like I mean, what do you recommend knowing that we haven't used it in a little while? I mean you feel confident that we're not gonna have any problems. I mean, I certainly tested again.

That's not a problem. Right? It's some at it. We never had an issue in the past other than people like clicking the button and not realizing they're gonna be charged right away, which is yeah and so can we set it up so that um so that we just think for one also the card fails then there's no There's no alternative. Okay, one second.

When you say this, so just jumping on what you just said when you said that when the card fails there's no alternative. What does that mean? Meaning in other words, we'd have to have a regular order form anyways, so if they're card failed then what these in different card would still have that already order form for them. Put it in a new card. I have a I have a feeling go ahead.

I would say we go with the regular order form for two years good done deal. You don't even need to explain it. I I would agree. I just think when it's something not as important. We can test it and play around with it.

For what? It's worth just put it put it on your radar. So we'll go with a regular order form. I just got to think for one second. Hang on.

Yeah, so we're gonna do a regular order form and we'll do a regular order form and just leave a spot Teddy for me to upload a video. I just want to do I'm gonna take the I'm gonna take a chunk of the upsell video when I explain the Agora copy School offer and I'm gonna put that also on the order form. Got and then the second chance the second chance emails will go right to the order form. They'll be able to watch a video as a reminder of what it is and then enter their credit card details and and obviously it's for the payment plan. Got it.

Now the yeah there there was an exit pop on the full full price one that was like continue watching video or skip this I assume skip this mat done not go to the down south because they hadn't seen the offer. Uh, yes, correct. Correct. Okay. Um, so I guess before I move on to before I move on to before I move on to to Glenda so Damian, is there any option for us to do any kind of media buying?

Like for the 2,000 people or is that not big enough? Yeah, I would. I'm gonna say no. There's no way to advertise to those 2,000 people. I'll ask.

I'll ask John and those guys and see what we can do. I say yeah. I mean, let me let me ask you this is the is the code on the page? Um, alright. Yeah should always be on the page.

Okay? Yep. Um, all right one other question then bouncing back to Teddy. So Teddy is the does infusion soft do the ringless voicemail. So I had I had Teddy registered domain name for us decade swipe calm so that we can use it for with but ringless voice, you know SMS, um does infusion soft have ringless voicemail?

I'll say it's not wringless snow. It's got voicemail open up rateless. And what's the other service that we typically will we've used before for SMS because right we could do SMS right through Infusionsoft now, correct one way. Yeah, I can't respond. They can't respond.

But what's the other service that we use for SMS? Either call Loop or sales message. So and what's the other option for voicemail? It's call Loop. I thought call it broke if I'm not listening.

I thought it no. I mean our account got jacked up for whatever reason but when I talked to Christian Del Rey said no still fully functional. All right, and so is the voicemail the voice message through infusion soft just another broadcast like in other words, if I go to do an email broadcast, it works the same way. Yeah. Okay, so I'm gonna test that today.

Okay. So Damien, I'll just leave the the conversation about media for you with John and I'm on okay? Yeah, sorry for nothing. I would also think I would also think dude that you know anybody that hits the the sales page as well because what I'm gonna do is I'm not only gonna we're gonna go back to our house file, obviously. Right.

So in other words we are going to go back to our house file. So we'll have you know, we should have a nice, you know, a significant quantity of people that hit the sales page also keep in mind that of the partners that didn't mail. So tomorrow I have and David Deutsch I have you know, Kevin I have Matt bassac and I'm gonna and Glenda and I are gonna figure out Rick Shepherd tomorrow as well. So there's gonna be people that are gonna go directly to the sales page from partners and from our house file as well. Yep.

Gotcha. Okay. Okay. So to just gonna be early because he's flying out tomorrow. Yeah, he told me that's why he he we originally had it scheduled for.

Well, he is he flying out tomorrow night or Wednesday if I was out tomorrow early? Okay. So unrelated Glenda. Can you do me a favor? And can you connect Rich Chef friend with James Friel?

So I spoke to James and I spoke to Rich. Yeah, if you can if you can do that for me as I promise both of them that for steal a steal our winners episode as well as a discussion about the Mastermind. And so with James and Rich, uh, Damian, can you connect Dow Jane? What's her name? All right.

Yeah Lori and with Rich as well, he would like to interview her for steel or winners. Yeah, that's cool. That's perfect opportunity to touch up. Okay. Call Gordon.

There's So, um Glenda see if you can reach out also to to Rich or whoever who's the who's the contact person Teddy over at Rich's? Truly and churches assistant. Okay. So if you can reach out to her Glenda and coordinate rich and I doing some sort of live stream for decade Plus. all right this John Benson Okay, that's all I have Amy.

Okay, um. And everything's okay with base act and all that stuff. Right? Yeah. So I did a like a little preview thing preview call with him the other day where we were live in his Facebook group just to get I guess he wanted to do that to get everybody amped up for the webinar tomorrow.

And then we've got the you know, the webinar tomorrow. I for what it's worth Glenda. I only I've only I've had a meeting with Kevin Rogers to discuss the webinar that we're doing tomorrow, but I don't know what I've no clue what David wants to do. Maybe it's just a you know, and that I'm okay with it. But if there's anything that he wants me to prep for that webinar like I don't know if it is are we just getting on and talking about the decade plus white file?

Like I just want I want to make sure that he's not expecting me to bring a slide deck or if he is then I need to know that so that I can I can prep for that. So just ask him like is there anything in particular is there is there an outline of what he sees for the live stream or is Anything that he wants me to prepare or is this just a conversation about the value of a swipe file specifically the decade plus swipe file, okay. Okay. Is there anything else you need from Team me or team talk? How can we support you?

How can we help you? Not right now there may be later but not right now. No, I've got my list of stuff to for this to do. Um, and so no all good. All right.

And so teddy as soon as the swipeout pages are done done, please message me in the channel because I want to have Lizzy and Jay shall just go through check them on multiple devices different platforms. Whatever try to break the pages. Make sure there's no the big thing Damian that really what what when things break really in in all fairness. Oh that reminds me. So of something else make sure that I got to tell you about an ad that I saw when things break when somebody changes something like a URL somewhere and that URL wasn't updated on a prior page.

It's pointing to a different URL or it's not updated in and so really it is anytime after Teddy. Um does his testing or integration stuff? Is pretty straightforward after he does that if we change anything, right if we add a page if we change the order of pages in clickfunnels, right? That's the note the Swarm and test that's when like something it we have to has to go in there. So, um So I saw the the an ad for the the email openers and somebody posted a comment in there and said something like you know, whatever the pages the page is expired and I have no idea if it's a deadline funnel thing or not.

So from the ad when somebody clicks on the ad and then goes to the page the dude said the page is expired when I clicked on the ad it also brought me to an expired page. Alright because you're both been if you've both been in the campaign, right? He's like, so I'm talking about the landing page. So from the ad when I clicked on the the air not the opt-in page the landing page. No, the landing pages the opt-in page, right?

Yeah, not that not the slow. Right, not the not the sales page, but when I clicked on the the and all I could go back to see if I can pull this up because I saved it see I don't even know where my saved pages are. And this is over here pretty sure deadline funnels. Not only opted. Yeah, and that's why I don't understand.

Um. Yeah, we're seeing we're seeing leads because I just went over this on the agency call. Which obviously if it's going to well, I guess you might see leads and well, no, if it's going to that page we wouldn't be getting any leads if people are getting redirected. What is the what what page is um? What page Damian is the is that ad running under?

What account? What page is it marketers mind not it's probably five whatever check right now. We have multiple accounts multiple stuff, but I'll tell you in a second. I don't see anything on the opt-in page. It has to do it deadline funnel.

Where the heck do I go to see my pages that I saved? Or ads or whatnot saved. And when did this happen talk this morning? Really? It is on the marketers mind show.

Oh, yeah, here we go. So this I'm gonna share my screen. so this ad right Is this an aight I'm assuming this is an ad. Yes. Maybe this wasn't the one.

No, that wasn't the one because the comments not there. You see if I can find it. back I I don't need to keep you guys on here. I'll see if I could find it and then I'll slack both of you Damian and Teddy and then see if You know, I mean click funnels is still showing a 63% often rate this morning. So I don't know how or why or what logic would be doing that.

I'll see if I can find it and then and then all right, and so appreciate it gang if I need anything. I'll let you guys know. Call I'll hang on with you guys. Hey, Todd, I did. Oh darn it.

All right fast enough. He is so fast. All right. So, yeah. See, obviously, you know, it's it Showtime.

It's like the moment before the the big performance of the current open tomorrow and Todd since his solo and so let's just make sure that we're especially with Chris out puking and fading in and out of Consciousness as he described himself just to make sure we stay in super tight communication. Oh, he's back I'm back. So I heard Glenda start to say something and I found yet and I found yeah. Oh, but I did hear Glenn was like Um so for Rich's session with you. I mean, I'm looking at your calendar and tomorrow's pretty booked and if he's leaving in the early evening.

Yeah, see, I mean if he's down to do it tonight, I'd certainly do it tonight. And so whatever whatever we need to whatever we need to do. What about if they say tomorrow morning? That's why I'm like I wanted to ask you. I know about that.

So that just tonight and that's it. I would so, you know what I'll do. Um, I'll do tomorrow at noon and then I'll just record the weekly marketing training later for the team. Okay, and so see if you can do at at noon and you're certainly gonna do that Weekly marketing training about the decade Plus promo, right? Yeah.

I mean not that we have a huge amount of people on there that get the recordings, but for sure so here now wouldn't it be funny if it doesn't bring me to expired page right now? But so this is the this was the ad I saw this person your ad is running but your landing page says expired. I swear when I clicked on this on my mobile it expired click on it. I'm trying your mobile. You know that if you're on the same Wi-Fi, like if you're on the same network that you can cop whatever you copy on your desktop.

You can just paste on your phone. You guys know that. Yeah, yeah, if you have your phone and your stuff linked. Let me see if this will work. Watch the pasting doesn't even work.

No it did. No, it worked. I have no idea. I swear it didn't work for me this morning. All right, ignore it.

Yeah, maybe I'm losing my mind here. I maybe I'm losing my mind here. The dude said it the dude said it so yeah, that is so busy. Maybe he just meant the landing page meaning that when he got to the offer it said expired. Maybe he's well because unless it bypasses and no, I mean it doesn't I don't know regardless it came up.

It's working. It's working now. And so we'll take it while we can get it. All right. I'm out.

See you guys. Thank you. All right, so, okay. So yeah, so make sure we're on that. So Teddy whenever so let me know when pages are ready.

That way I'll look at them and look at ads and all that other stuff might need some coordination those guys anything else decade plus before we go on to anything else. That's not that big plus. Okay, I mean for the most part they're ready other than him adding the bump. And they have the Standalone order form for okay. Um, so I am super duper excited Teddy, uh, I redid my redo.

Of email triggers but despite my extreme excitement. I don't want us to get in touch it or look at it. Until where at least 24 hours into decade plus we see that nothing's happening. I don't want even though they're not related. I'm gonna opt with simple and just say I want all our focus on the you know, the ball again, you know, this is our one home run swing we're taking up all year, but I'm just letting you know so that at some point probably Wednesday the earliest everything's going smooth is as butter then I'll ask you to hop in and just kind of clean up my click funnels.

I'm very excited. I'm hoping I got to be honest hoping you give me a gold star when you see my design and all that stuff. Awesome, and so I even invented the first MFA. Sports drink and so I'm pretty excited about this sugar. It's true.

Okay, so that's that Glenda. I know I sent over a lot of stuff to you last week. Any concerns any issues anything I need to know about no, and I responded to your note. I don't know if you saw the thread. I tagged you Friday was that I tagged you in it on Friday.

Okay, right. Yeah, I saw that the the stuff is taking care of. I know a meeting with Kyle. I know that we got this Awkward on the accountant. You said Andre what was up and the checklist and yeah, okay.

Gosh and a checklist, which I'll take one more look over and is that is and that's ultimately gonna get built into Notions that correct. Yes. Okay. Yeah, so so what I'd like to do so Teddy we have this pre event checklist for top one. and building it.

There's no there's notion able to do any logic or no? terms of like if I said, hey, here's a schedule on the schedule is seven days do this 10 days do this 13 days do this and I enter a starting date it can adjust all the dates. sort of Sort of okay, or we could just have a spreadsheet update it and then import the friction but in either way. Either way. Just want to be ready for that.

To just help her and do all that. Okay. Yeah, and we definitely want to get a Did I send you the thing for Thomas travel Glenda? Mmm, just finishing page for Todd's travel because that's it adult templates both for for his travel and for a Former Future campaigns. So how would that work?

Like because I usually use it in or I will make it in Google Docs what I have to import it or I'd like do I just do it in motion? Yeah, you would do it in notice. How much screen real quick just you so basically this one here under travel events. So this was this was just kind of the the sketch of it and then I could turn this into a template but it's like all right. Well, where's he going, you know, so if he's going to an event or something like that, when's the event who's the contact?

What's he talked about or just slides but then this table here basically you would put in all the trip details right lodging. I was getting from the airport to the hotel or whatever. He could do it but by that or but by type or a calendar, yeah, that's cool. nice so I would just enter it under the all trip details and then it'll automatically put it into the type and the calendar. Yeah.

Well, you just set the timers when you create where you're creating a new one, you know, I just I'm pretty fill them. What are they? Who's Who's it with? A confirmation numbers. I mean not all the fields are gonna plot everything but it's probably well.

Yes, like it obviously bags and see. All that kind of stuff only applies to the flight, but then they can put the receipt in here as well or any other receipts or Maps or words numbers. You have whatever you want. Very cool. Thank you.

Yes. Pedro just takes me back on Friday night and he told me that he had a very busy week so he was gonna get into everything today. So, I finally I followed up with him. I sent him a text earlier, but he hasn't gotten back to me yet. We're adding up.

A Latino to the family, which is always nice. So increase in the Latino factor, I could feel particularly like him Teddy because he's very like cause and mission base. He's like You know, I realize I don't want a business for a business like why do I exist like he's like, he's on that so Buddy's good man. He's Savvy dude hungry guy. And so I could be a great addition for us nice and it comes You know was that.

I was just good for you while we're in here and I have this up so under projects. There is a campaign template and and a new campaign template. We'll have everything you need to you need right? What's the overview why we're doing this? What are the dates?

What are the things that need to happen and offer stages? So the next time I have something like that? Yeah. This is this is where we'd want to start. Ah, yeah.

Okay. So the next time we have something I'd love to walk through that together to make sure I do it exactly what you do. Okay? All right, we're working together. All right, you guys all good?

Thanks guys and gal in enroll in all right, I'll be on I'm here. You could always find me. I'll see you later. All right. Thank you guys.
