---
title: "Level 10 2023-05-01 15:39:30"
date: 2023-05-01
duration: 39m
duration_seconds: 2399
vimeo_id: 822728654
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-05-01 15:39:30

**Date:** 2023-05-01 | **Duration:** 39m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey guys. Already? Hello. Welcome back Linda. Missed you.

Thank you. What's up, Chris? Howdy howdy. All right, so everybody doing pretty good. Pretty good.

Absolutely. Cool. Cool. Anybody have any news they want to share with all of us? No, I mean I'm using a I'm using AI way more than I ever thought.

In fact that report. I'm rewriting the report. So if the rewrite it, but I'm leveraging chat you can see but yeah, just just mind blowing how much we're using it now. Very cool. Anybody else have Glenda so June is is this recovering headed in the right direction?

Yep, slowly, but surely and he's being kind to his personal nurse. I mean I guess. Yeah, sorry, it's hard anything anything Teddy you want to share with us? Oh, no, no nothing too exciting. I think I told you I was going I was I am going to Perry Marshall things.

So awesome excited about that. Very cool one is it and last week in May? Okay. Yeah, so think about you know, whether you want to talk about stuff from the summit or you want to talk about stuff from that event at top one would be really good. Yeah, I've already kind of started working on on a mind map.

And yes part of it. We'll just be kind of getting everybody's head wrapped around the big picture and then yeah just building in a a monster list of tools that I will Whittle down to to a few practical tools and every category. Yeah, I like. Yes, please Whittle it down sleep don't do what don't do a Perry Belcher six hour tool dump. Okay, cool.

What about you? me, um Everything's good. Everything's really good. We are we had homemade sushi night the girls so sarias in London with Charlene on her tenure Adventure, even though she's 13 now thanks to covid. He's finally got to London.

And so I'm home with my girlies. They wanted to make sushi nights. We had sushi night over here. That was fantastic. Fully slice my thumb open washing the dishes of all things thought.

I was gonna have to go to the ER thankfully after an hour pressure. Stop bleeding off but what it's okay and everything else is super super fire. It's you super fired up super motivated just bought my tickets to the Todd show down in Florida so excited for that and so I'll be down there and then we'll board a plane and go to Brazil a couple days later and hopefully his little competitive. Tummy can handle all the all the Brazilian steak that I order so not I'll be you it's not I'll be eating for two. It's not when are you guys in Brazil?

Apollo's event whatever it is, I think right on the 22nd or something like that 21st some okay, so probably same time. I'll be in Chicago. So it's like the companies out there week. Yeah question in charge Make It Rain Buddy. Yeah.

Forget it Wanda. You're in charge make it right. Okay person line. All right. So, uh so so cool.

I want to and appreciate your flexibility. I was just on with the agency going over some MFA stuff AI offer blah blah. And so so yeah, so just kind of give a couple updates as to what's happening. As you know, we finished up John's off for the last week AI offer which, you know still had some trickle sales still trickling in and definitely was the was the highest converting offer we've seen did a ton of units which is particularly impressive if you think about it because it Keen after the Benson promo, so we definitely even though it was completely different topic, you know, we certainly had some people scratch their AI age with the events and stuff before they saw John stuff. And yet it's still performed extremely well and so he's going to be running that for MFA on mfa's budget to generate buyers for us.

He's redoing the YouTube ads and all that and so we'll continue to sell that product MFA. I'll keep the money keep the buyers and all that and John will have the opportunity on the back end to identify any potential agency clients. And so we'll kind of talk through strategically think there might be some some bigger opportunities for us in that space, but right now that so that'll keep running. This week's super excited. We are running our The start of the the Breakthrough in a Day offer and so this is something that Paul and I came up together which was we talked about that we want to do a seller drop-in seat to top one and kind of talk through a little bit and I opted for I made the executive decision and call this a I think we should just do a breakthrough in a day.

I think it's much lower commitment. I think we can make it really specific solve a specific problem. And so it's all going to be about How to get people to you know, people that are make it over, you know one to three million dollars that are stuck identifying why they're stuck and help them get a breakthrough which thank you for reminding me remind me at the end of this call. Please somebody I want to I want to redo that top on entrepreneur and take I want to have a specific intake for this because I want to have like I know when I sit down with somebody I know the couple questions I need to ask them to get them a breakthrough in like looking at their finances and their teams. You don't understand.

Um, there are a couple things you probably want to ask. There's a couple things that Todd probably wants to ask a couple things that Paul wants to ask you John wants so I don't want to just give him a big intake and then we're like dude. What the heck like I want to know for me right like what we're gonna look at. Um, So I'll send out a message about that, but I opened up a notion cord and we'll double back about that. I opened up in motion card about that that that's gonna happen the day before.

And so we'll bring lunch in. So that's Tuesday, right? Correct, right? um, so we'll bring lunch in. What do you think Teddy?

Do you just bring in a nice lunch feed them once you're feeding once right? Yeah, so no dinner cancel the dinner. I think I'm gonna mention dinner Glenda. Okay move to dinner. I agree.

Let's just make it one. Really nice lunch. um summer top wanted to do but I'm okay. So let's just launch add snacks. snacks Beverages and lunch very very important for this funded like this is I know this is right from as our event person right?

I know these aren't top on clients yet the goals to make them top on clients. And so, uh, you're gonna own this right like own it's you know, we're only gonna sell 10 seats. I already sold two of them. And so owning making sure that the food's there. I'll coordinate all the logistics in terms of how we serve these people and how we make sure they get Great Value which making sure we have food there beverages there if there's not a room block whatever the hotel is and that promo will happen two weeks.

And then just making sure you call them let them know. Hey, this is where it's happening. This is where you should stay. Yes. You can bring your your best friend with you, you know what I'm saying?

And handling all that stuff and just making sure that they get again, you know, I want you to treat all these people as pre-top one people. We're not doing this for the 3000 bucks although If it goes, well it'll pay for the whole event, but it's not what we're doing it we're doing it because we're looking to identify people that we believe will be top one clients in both the gods that I got already or you know, one of those doing around three three and a half million other ones doing like a million and a half both love Todd love what we do and they're both on candidates. Got it. All did you reach out to your lady? Outside speaking?

Yeah, I did. Yeah, I did. I haven't heard back from her. Okay. But so are we doing a a mixture that night with?

real top one peeps Now not not planning on it just because I have the international dinner which I mean that's not a big deal. I cancel that but then it's like we have to schedule a whole separate cocktail hour. Um, and so, you know, I mean, there's so much value and seeing the group of people. I'm gonna be a part of I guess my question, that would be a mistake. Okay, so I appreciate you saying that so let's talk through this because nothing's nothing's certain yet is we're also gonna have a cocktail over we're gonna have a well we're gonna have a cocktail we're gonna have an indoor outdoor dinner one of those nights.

And so do we just have drinks and finger food? Like what are we thinking? Yeah, tricks and drinks and appetizers is fine. Okay, I mean just this allows you to kill two birds in one stone, right? So welcome party for top one the night before for the people that get in that night and gives them something to do and better fit of These are people were thinking of you know, they can both me each other, right?

Okay. Um, are you all game for that? Yeah, as John says it's gonna throw a spanner in the works better. That's it. That's a joke on you are not that he wrote some copy and one of his headlines was like, you know, it'll throw a spanner.

It's something about a spanner and I was like dude is this a typo? Is this an English thing? Apparently, it's a very special lot. Do you know what a spanner is Rhonda? No specialized type of French which apparently only English people and Teddy know about I've never heard of spanner.

Um, that's necessary on a bike to open up the bottom bottom bracket, which is the bearings around your petals. You just use a whole lot of words that I know you okay. So what I'll have to do is I'll have to plan to Up do most of my cooking and prep work Monday night Monday night late Tuesday night with Chris and Paul and stuff like that, which is fine. You know, I like cooking under pressure. And so I'll figure it out, but it'll definitely uh little bit of a curve ball for me.

And so let's plan so that means one of the cocktail hour same thing seven to nine. Yeah. 79 that way those people can relax go off campus. And so you'll want to let our top one people know. Hey, we're going to do a little welcome cocktail out to say, you know cocktail night and light light finger food, right?

So everybody comes full. They're not like Dude, where's my where's my you know, where's my 13 ounce, you know 14 ounce New York strip, right? Cocktail hour and light finger food. For those of you that are getting in we're gonna have a welcome cocktail hour, you know cocktail. It's a cocktail hour always an hour.

Or they just call it. I think that's just the term just a reception. Yeah. Okay, we're gonna have a cocktail reception welcome reception seven to nine. So if you're gonna be in town love for you to be there, okay?

And when you announce an announce it big right either make a fun little video come up with a funny meme ask AI what what AI would do to make it impressive. Okay explosions Glenda explosions. I'll post a picture of a spanner wrench, whatever. Um, and then the two people that already bought on us, so in terms of room block, what is the thinking on roomblock is it can they hop on our existing block or it's only like eight people can they hop on the existing block or do we need a separate block? And if so where we tell them to stay?

I'm gonna reach out to my connect at the hotel or at the resort to make sure that eight more people aren't gonna throw off our own room block. It shouldn't be a problem. But just wanted to make sure okay so follow up with them. Yeah, and and then let me know ASAP because I watched call the two people that bought already this week and just kind of let him know there's a VIP, you know, you know, when you do that call that call will just be like, hey, my name is Glenda, you know our vet coordinator. I also you know, so I want to let you know maybe let you know, you know, you're coming into the Intensive team today that they will run from, you know, not a clock to let's do to 4:30.

We'll probably go over anyways from nine o'clock before 30. We'll be bringing in a special catered lunch for you. Everybody. Give me special diet or restrictions here, you know also in the evening, they're doing a special cocktail reception because they have a bunch of their High, you know their highest and top one members coming in the days after and so we wanted to include an invitation view. Would you like to come out to that?

That'll be from seven to nine o'clock that and by the way, here's the hotel information got it. Yeah. Okay, so oh so that'll happen this week. We're going to do probably about two days depending on how the responses maybe three days at most of lead gen out of the list to identify the right people. We want to really be sensitive.

I don't want the wrong people into this day. I want people that have actual products actual businesses and are making actual real legit money that could potentially come. Are you know top one clients? And so after that we're going to run countdown here to our list. I'll do the emails for it.

Apparently I'll have to do a better job than last time since somebody was like this doesn't sound like grandfather Todd's voice. This sounds like AI good. Let me some slack, bro. Anyways, so, so I'll create a separate campaign for that, Teddy. I'm just like it this one and then next week.

We have the copyboarding stuff. And so I is that ready that I could start playing around with that today? Can I go into the sales page and some other stuff? Yep. So right now is easy.

Let me just look at that real quick. So we're running copyboarding part of the you know, fresh it up initiative is we're going to instead of running it as a DSL which is traditionally how it's run in the past. We're going to run it as a long form sales letter, which is not actually that long of a sales letter at all. It is a good book. Okay, is it a separate bullet or is it in is in the neighbor attending or not?

What the sales pitch? Yeah gets in the same funnel should be still at the bottom there. Okay, copyboarding. Oh, why does it say often though? See like those are the things that like bust my mind because it says often it doesn't matter.

I mean not an opt in page though. Anyways, I'm gonna get in I'm gonna kind of play around with some of the copy this is there a reason Teddy you think we should have just have the order form right on the page. Just you lose that tracking as to whether people were interested or not. What I mean, we know if they click the link. What?

We know that. Well, you know, that means they were interested in the in the blind email. That doesn't mean they're interested in the offer. Right. I mean have we been using that or no?

What? Have we been using that data in any way shape or form? I think we typically all. Okay. All right leave it as is All I'm gonna go in here show this thing some love.

And it is a little funky just be careful like if you start trying to like. Because I I was using AI to kind of create it and so I had kind of AI generate. Code that would work inside a click funnels and so basically all the paragraphs are kind of the same element meaning if you change settings on one it's going to change them on all like if you change the font size for instance, which is nice. You can actually change the whole page at once but I mean going into each each paragraph is his own text block and you can change the copy and Bold And format within the text block. All right, just all right, so that'll be that'll be next week.

I'm gonna update the bullet copy and I'll update the sales page a little bit and tweak it and then that'll go out next week. It'll be nice, you know, it'll be another low ticket offer that we go out with. um And then and then believe it or not. I think we'll be into Joel's offer. Correct.

Someone have the counter open. I think boy have Joel's offer coming up. Okay, and so it's good keeping fresh stuff out to the list. I'm not gonna address the the frequency issue yet because we're running short this week. Maybe next week.

I'll address the frequency issue Naval run coffee boarding, which is two a two-day click sequence. Um, I'll make a note about that. Sequence. All right. in other news, let's talk about poppy Legends Brazil and top one believe top one for last because it's probably the longest update.

Copy Legends. We saw Jay shelf following up with people, which is great. I'm going to ask. Todd right now Who there might be worth staying for the whole experience? Um And so yeah, so we have a beefy list list is looking good.

I send a video out to everybody last week. Just kind of letting them know. Hey, thanks so much. By the way, we're gonna have a cocktail hour stuff like that just shell knows that as well. And so we'll we'll go from there.

But let's just looking good and and beefy and so that's good. Any any questions or updates on all that? This I need to know about. That's October. Yeah, yeah.

starting pregnancy We're not we're not we're not doing a live stream or selling live stream or anything. Right? Just yeah. It's exclusive by exclusive. Okay.

All right, and then we'll do the cocktail hour the night before Glenda is going to organize and figure that all out. Brazil are we all good with our books Chris? Yeah, I checked in last week just to be sure like Hey, we're good. She's like, oh, we're good to go. So I'm like, all right.

Well, I gave him the address. It's in Prince. It needs to arrive on a specific day. He said just because it's they only have it for those that for that block but it's in the same city. We're printing it in in Sao Paulo and it's going to sound Paulo.

So, you know, worst case scenario we can always tax data over but I said everything's good. So we're the only thing I I didn't do by the way, which is fine. As long as you guys don't plan on selling it on Amazon is the ISBN number is the same as the English book. That's fine. So just don't sell it.

outside of the event an online platform Okay, cool. All right, and then so give us a top one summer top one update. Um, so as of this morning, I found out that Maria from Hong Kong is true or Vietnam. I mean it's trying to come so yeah petters wife. all the reason Vietnam I thought that's what I said Hong Kong first.

And then I said Vietnam. I'm sorry. Okay, so she told me she might be able to come and remember they've had a lot of issues with trying to leave the country with their visas and all that. So she says by the end of this week she should know for sure. So that'll be great because she hasn't been to live events since I think 2019 or right before covid so yeah.

Aside from that ping pong table is secured markets cigar roller and outdoor music for the Cabana night live music or DJ. I was trying to do live. So unless you prefer DJ I prefer whatever you and Teddy think is best. Teddy what say you alive as long as he's good? Yeah.

Right, too. I mean people start selling really good towards it. So, right. And aside from that I'm gonna be finalizing a lot of things this week since last two weeks were a little crazy on on my end. So any other updates I will be sending the UVS.

When are you doing your your Orlando food run? I'm gonna have to try to go this week since the last two weeks my trip that I had planned for the previous week. Then he all the stuff happened with June so I couldn't leave him but not that he's starting to recover and I have my boys that could help I can finally Escape for a little bit so Okay. Yeah, you you're you're putting yourself behind the eight ball, you know, like remember I kept saying I kept saying like weeks even before the June stuff I kept saying. Trust me get ahead of this.

Trust me. I know maybe it maybe it's like, you know the inner healing like you're just addicted to a little bit anxiety without you'll have avoid inside that if you don't have a vent anxiety, it'll just life will see two peaceful when unenjoyable. Oh, that's really not that but you're definitely you're definitely in a crunch now. I know so, you know remember right? We're going to Orlando to buy food no to scout for some options.

Yeah, basically to go to play, you know, trying to not just, you know, not only to taste food but to go to places and restaurants that might be able to provide hater lunches that aren't catered chefs that charge us five branded service crummy food, but just you know, just remember like think back to the last experience think back to the you know, Chris complaining about the flavorless kebabs and the guy, you know, and boozy Chef telling us that we were only allowed to have Three Forks full of State because it's love I think of all the negative no experience and like got to get it, right. Right, you know, ah God, I gotta gotta get it. Right? Okay, and if you need explosions, we could provide those in-house. Okay, not sure what that means but I don't leave the library our fancy Chef you remember I mean the whole like elaborate, you know, we didn't make it elaborate right?

I mean, I would think I mean we could do that in in-house meaning what I correct me if I'm wrong gaming because she's gonna be going to local places that aren't normally places that that cater we may have to provide some of that. Wow, you know. Wow experience that you refer to right of hey, let's let's am this up, you know a notch we may have enough food. They they may provide enough food. But if we're not providing the experience along with it, then we're missing at element so true.

yeah, I mean like I don't I don't know that I mean the the flowers around the food and the cool lights and the little placards for what the what the dish is is nice and all that but that only matters is the food is good. Okay. You know. all right, and we can buy that car that's the kind of stuff that we're certain we can buy right and just have for for each event because like I mean that's I just tried this last time but we can't do what we did at the In Tennessee, it just hire a chef for three days to come in and just cook all the meals. It was the pricing for these chefs here in Florida.

I mean, what is what if it's not a chef? What if it's right dude on Craigslist dude, you find on Craigslist it can happen to cook right but like me. Yeah and it's like that. I have a I have a guy that he's you know, he's trying to start his business, but he works obviously full-time and he's a chef So I know him and I was thinking about him but then I don't know. I remember the other the other curb went on carpal Teddy, but especially in this maybe in a fall event when we're outside.

If we're inside session. You can't have a dude cooking and again, no, he's gonna have to be cooking outside for sure. Yeah. But yeah, they could pull out, you know, they can pull out World lunches and stuff like that. Like if you have somebody who's legit legit good who you're like man this dude.

I have no issue, uh mentoring or coaching or collaborating with them to tell them how to do a good outdoor. Good lunch, you know what I'm saying? Um, But yeah, it's got to be it's got to be good. It's got to be really I want this is thinking out of the box, but I wonder if right now the issue is Orlando right? I mean Orlando is a hotspot.

So they're charging hotspot prices. Would it be more cost-effective? To find a guy that's phenomenal but doesn't live in Orlando and we and we look at the tickets. The tickets may not be a bad price with what he charges. I mean if he charges 70% under what the Orlando charges but all we have to do is why I'm out and we know the guy is just he's got a great rap sheet.

That could be an option as well. Well, then I would think that he would want room and board and all that. So that's the only I mean, that would be a factor. But again, I don't know. I don't know if that the savings would make sense words.

You have one guy. We know he do a great job. He's in-house we put them up somewhere we shut him over and and the cost. Yeah the problem the problem is it's not gonna be one guy one guy can't pull off food for 35 people for two meals a day plus the equipment right? You have to eating or equipment like there's a lot more that goes into like you have to a lot more that goes into it.

It's not just like we just need a dude, you know. So but I I agree but it might be somebody who again they're over in a Lakeland. I don't think good food comes out of Lakeland. Forget what I just said. Yeah, you don't see in Augustine and it's like hey, dude, we'll pay.

I know you typically only catering saying oh, but we'll pay you an extra 200 bucks drive to Orlando. You know. I mean that's that's actually you want to talk about things you can do right now that are I mean Jackson's only, you know two hours from Orlando. So I don't think it's I don't think it's unreasonable for a cater to drive two hours straight. We pay them a little extra.

And I I would certainly think the price is at Jack's are way different way better. You know. Somebody that I know he's from Saint Augustine. We're gonna say teddy. Oh, I was gonna say especially June in Orlando, which is peak season.

Yeah. All right, so is everybody is everybody good? I did have a question. I was trying to secure dates for 2024. So are we good with the same months good quite.

I'm so glad you brought up one so. First of all, good job getting ahead of the game. Definitely definitely want to look at kind of our Mansion options. Like do we want to make some money at different? You know the bowling alley, obviously the super cool.

We don't know how this other house is going to be yet. Maybe it'll be as cool, maybe cooler, but the thing that you know, so Paul brought something up that I was like Don't quite agree with him, but maybe there's something there and Paul is like man. We should you know, he's like I was talking to somebody. I've got it. I was talking to somebody and you know, they would just saying that you know, maybe we should have do I sound I don't sound at all like Paul.

Um, but you sound like top though, but not he was just like oh, you know maybe between Events we should. Use something like every month and I just like got like PTSD flashback. I was like Remember all those awkward things we would try to do and people would show up and talk be like, yeah, I know that all you got everybody else around the world will be watching this later, you know like and it was just so awkward and oh my goodness I dreaded it. It was terrible. But now that we you know, we have stronger members or having some more connection.

I wonder if we should consider either a Incorporating one virtual Mastermind a year specifically since we have some International people that still can't travel so we do four events a year three in person one virtually which allows us to space things around to every 90 days. So there's there's a little bit more. it's more more vacated than once every four months or we keep things exactly the way they are but maybe twice it twice a year. We do a special like virtual Hot Seat thing where it's like a half a day hot seats, you know, so we you know, basically have January this then it's like, you know 60 days later. We have a hot seat and you know special, you know, the first half of the Year hot see, you know, the q1 Q2 Hotsy then we have another event that we have one later in the year.

So we introduce like two virtual House Seats like half day events people bring their biggest issues we go through maybe we send them a T-shirt and some snacks. We don't do a whole fancy box me to send them some food and snacks like dude, we're gonna buckle down for for half a day together. Um thoughts. Hold on one second. My girls have thoughts.

Yes girls. How much longer depends what they all say? That's you know, it's got this is my last idea. I'm out of ideas. I tell them that but this is my last idea.

So, what do you guys think? One day I'd like to hear from you. First is the program's director. I would say maybe try the one virtual. Event just to see how that goes.

And then maybe the following year we can incorporate more of every 90 day thing depending on like our turnout because it is true. We used to try to do a lot of virtual things in between and it just they were not successful. A lot of people wouldn't jump on so that kind of it's counterintuitive. I feel because then it's just Not given a good look for us. So I think are where we Excel is the Live Events and we've seen that so.

Yeah, I don't know Glenda has a book for one virtual. Remember the only catch one virtuals. It does mean that between that will push the space between two of the Live Events to six months. right because if we did on event every quarter Okay, it was a virtual. There'd be a six-month fan.

I just thought so that okay. Yeah, so then let me change that. So then the virtual event you were trying to do like a two-day thing like we used to do when we were okay today half day thing. I yeah, I wouldn't do like the marathon. I would probably be like a two day.

Yeah, okay, so maybe it is better so that we space it out more to do the two. What is it like couple hour hot feet in between? right What did Teddy Chris what do you guys think? I would say just do a virtual one day at the end of the year for an Epp session kind of thing. Okay, so we could add that into December that that's a great idea.

I like that wasn't one of the opportunities but I like it. Um, I mean, I just I wouldn't want to add six months between right two live experiences that that's ridiculous. Okay, um, what if we did this what oh, when did we do what we're event months this year. We did January. Oh, February June and October, February, June and October.

And that was merely based off of the Mansion availability. That's why right. So if we did, let's say this year we did. January May and October maybe we could do like a mid-year hot. What if we did that what if we did the Epp at the end of the year and somewhere around the middle year.

We did like a mid year like virtual Hot Seat. That could be kind of cool. It's novel. It's different, you know. It'll be like a one-day Hot Seat.

We'll get some snacks and a shirt that says like dude pop one top one hot seat, you know. You know probably wouldn't do do shirts. I knew I knew you were gonna raise an issue with the shirts. I knew you were gonna go. Yeah about the shirts dude.

That's just it's it's too many shirts and and celebrity value, you know and celebrity get about why are you trying to make me go shopping for clothes man? Like no, I don't have to find okay what you don't really Chris. It's just if they burn the shirt afterwards just the fact that they get a shirt makes it feel like a thing and a thing that fact that everybody shows up wearing the shirt looks good. It makes us people feel like they're all so stop you not gonna argue about the shirt on. My kids are hungry.

We're Not Gonna argue about the shirt. Yeah. I say no shirts. I'll say all right. So, alright you're over.

You just got over about it, right? Okay, so Glenda so we feel good about that. Epp do we want to do an Epp this year? Once the events in October, why wouldn't we start Epp this year? Yeah, that's again.

Yeah. Okay. So let's do that Linda. So let's so next year. Let's plan for three events.

Let's plan to mix up the Mansions. Um, look at the spacing and obviously, you know, I think would be good if we could have the first top one like some around mid. January would be great. Okay, um, and then plan for the fact that we'll be able to balance it out a little bit with that. Maybe you're hot seat which comes in an amazing t-shirt and and then the Epp at the end of the year.

And we're going to do an Epp in debt December as well. So let's start figuring out dates for that. Okay. Okay, so January May and midgen May and then October. Yeah, I think that adds tremendous value.

What do you think Teddy? I agree. Okay good. I'm not asking for opinion any more career services that whole t-shirt the buckle. Alright, so you want to devalue our t-shirts?

It's okay. Devalue her t-shirts. All right is everybody good? All right, go crush it. I'll be inside a quick funnels working on campaign stuff, and I'll talk to you later.

Good job. Keep it up. Bye.
