---
title: "Level 10 2023-03-20 15:29:57"
date: 2023-03-20
duration: 46m
duration_seconds: 2784
vimeo_id: 809838991
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-03-20 15:29:57

**Date:** 2023-03-20 | **Duration:** 46m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey Chris. Hey, Glenda. Hey, Damien. Howdy howdy. Good morning.

That is that cactus. Yeah. That's a cactus Chris cannot in you are make sure Glenda that Teddy knows the 11:30 time. Yeah, I pinged him last week. But let me thank you.

Hey Damien, just so I I'm not gonna ask the question later. He's on but the timer should start until place. So it doesn't matter what you happen to the campaign. Meaning. I had it I had a j Chell myself.

I understand that it should only yeah the timer should Yes. That's what I was thinking too. They added him on Saturday. I thought I added you to it as well, but I added you today. Which if you got the email, that means I probably did already actually add you on Saturday.

That being said that shouldn't mess with the timers my point by the way. We still sending a thumb drive for Apprentice. No. All right that order form system drive just you know, then that needs to be updated. Okay?

I'll think I ever that's what that's why I was saying with proof. I don't remember proofing this campaign. They good morning, Teddy. Sorry about that was another call forgot. We moved this up a half hour.

All good all good. So cool. So let's happy to have you all here. It's been a while. And it'll be a while again because I'm out next week, and then we're at a conference.

So let's really embrace the moment together. So wins from last week. You want to share a big one from last week? Oh. I'm gonna say I'll go first I'm gonna say Getting some initial steps and getting a task in project board.

I know which everybody is a part of. together for a notion while I still I love you teddy, but I don't love notion. I do not. Well, I do not love lotion. Just the fact that I'm like wow, you know what it probably was long overdue and wildly inappropriate how much stuff was just being thrown into slack messages and so having that back up I think is a huge win for us.

And so and I went in specifically for me went in mapped out the whole, you know, copy calls. Sorry copper calls copied Legend lock-in stuff. And so, you know feels good to have it all up there. And yeah good. Is it is it okay if I copy some of that because all right.

I was you know, I was obviously equally involved so I would I would agree I would say that that would be the major win last last week was and and it should be for all of us. Right. I mean at the end of the day what you said, you know operating on a slack especially when we just said, you know, we just change our perspective and our priorities to place Simplicity and efficiency at the top right? And so with that being said not having a project management. Process of some sort is is it goes against all the things that we fought so hard for and so really excited to have have that on obviously we put put our first couple projects in there that's exciting.

And so I think you know the next step. Hopefully my next, you know thing I share will be how everybody adopted it. So oh Glenda So I'm gonna say this one because we were waiting for about three weeks for Andre's wire to post. Yeah and praise the live in Jesus. That finally came through last week.

So yeah, huge win and nice. Yeah another that's a that's important that matters for sure Teddy. Yes, I would Echo definitely the call. We have a Todd and just the whole conversation, you know, everybody kind of getting a better handle on things both through project management standpoint and just learning everything the tests we did with countdown hero, even though it didn't work out as planned. There's still opportunity there and I see some advantages of that tool but yeah most importantly was definitely finding out that Moray was going to Vegas and convincing him to go day early so we can go see the children.

Yeah, I'm super happy that's happening. And like I said I sent you that message. So let me know when you can get a sense for. I know you understand the whole event. I had no idea bro me getting out of the house.

Like that's that's the extent of I've achieved I just as soon as I'm out of the house, I'm like I've achieved and so if you could just let me know. Have you gotten it's it seems like both tickets are kind of under your name. So I haven't gotten any information from them. Have they sent you anything in terms of itinerary or anything? No.

No you reach out and see if you can get me an itinerary, please. Yeah. I want to schedule a nice dinner for me Teddy and John. I've already started like exploring. Potential Unforgettable places for us to eat which actually there is a decent place right in the hotel.

But in the hotel that doesn't count we'll eat there. That's like bonus this place called Yardbird which looks pretty legit came up on a couple lists, but there's a we'll do something we'll do something memorable foodie memorable sweet. Um, all right. So let's we're actually now that we have this this fancy she fancy board up. Um, I want to take a look at kind of what's happening in the world of MFA.

So obviously we have The Apprentice happening this week. There are some time there issues where we'll talk about that in a few minutes. Let's just kind of talk project stuff first so I'm gonna share my screen. Um, and so as you see we have our two two big projects that are going on right now as we have a Brazilian E5 as mentioned Todd and I are speaking in Brazil are also gonna have the book translated to Portuguese Paulo right now is selling A to Z translated into the Portuguese. There was a workshop last week still waiting to get all the numbers on that and then Copy Legends lock-in will be an ongoing project until it's done and then it'll turn into a full-blown marketing campaign project.

Um Now with something like this. Do you think there's any validity Chris or Teddy London? I don't need to exclude you from this. But I know they're the project management dorks that I said experts. I in Breaking this project down because I was just in this and I was like man like this this to-do list is just getting Mighty long.

Like or you think like hey, it's all part of one project. It's all one project. I mean if it's all part of one project and if it's all like in this case, you know being like if like the question is if it's an action item and it needs to be done, but it needs to be done by. A different person or he's gonna have like like I would say like friends like the RSVP. Yes stuff.

Like if all the RSVP yes was going to be done by one person then it would be one action item with subtasks or a checklist of that action item. But since if they need to be assigned to different people then technically it's right. All right. Yeah, I would say that and then again, I think where it becomes less confusing is on the action item board right where you can it goes back to filtering right? So depending on how you filter it will make make that data less confusing.

Yeah, okay. So a couple things that are going to be happening. I'm meeting with Todd shortly. I got to get some stuff from Todd in terms of we want to start teasing copy lock-in Legends lock in to Facebook as well as to the list. We need to have an action plan around that I also need to get some videos from Todd so we can build out that follow-up email campaign.

I'm gonna be working on the postcards as well as Facebook posts Teddy. Can you just give me URLs trackable URLs that you want me to use? Well, obviously for the postcards, I'd like to do the QR code then And for the Facebook post, I would just like trackable posts to each of the four bullets that are starting to one which would be actually wouldn't be Benson. But if we put home almost I could put Nope it. so we're not gonna We're not gonna put Benson not because I don't like Benson just because I don't I'm just thinking about how stuff right now so it'll be bullet bullet campaign.

the new front and offer an E5 camp um if I can kindly get URLs for those jobs Teddy, well, they don't I mean it'd be easier to give you URLs for the bullets that are already built and the stuff that's not even started yet. Well well There's no funnel for the bullet campaigns workshop and there's no funnel for a new front end offer yet to be determined. But no. No, that's John's offer. Well, I mean that's that's used to me.

Okay? Yes that is that is so the new front and offers to offer that I've been talking to John about that John's putting together, which is the YouTube Workshop Ai and YouTube ad creation Workshop. Can you rename that then so it's clear with? Ah, I can't because this isn't it. I will I will I will upload a new image.

Yes. No, and so the E5 bullet campaign, this is a great example of like so how do we tackle that? Like do we just set up a skeleton because I need the right in order for me to be able to do my part. I need the urls. So, I mean we could just we could set up the QR QR code and then put the URLs later.

Yeah, I mean I could show it out and and build. As well. What I need to know is what is that? What is that? Final gonna look like is it a vsl?

Is it a sales letter? Is it is it going to cold traffic whether we need an opt in or is it just an internal like I got to new campaign. That's not a it's deceiving because it's a new campaign about the bullet. I'm assuming this is Todd's presentation. Yes.

Yes. Yes. Okay, so then let me make this a little bit easier. Can I just because the QR codes we can direct wherever we want. Up until two minutes before it goes live, correct?

well that I mean the QR codes are dynamically generated. on the postcards Because you want to you wanted them to to track and start the conversion sequence, right? Correct, but the destination URL can't we my point is could we if I said Teddy we have to go to print today. Could we print a QR code and decide in a week what we want to happen when people go to that QR code or does that have to hold me decide it now? I have to check a postalics.

Okay. Also, I will just put an action item up. I'm not worried about the post URLs. That's we'll deal with that. later pure codes for bullet postcards postcards okay active Teddy Garcia good and Just be clear.

There is no get QR codes now. Like there's you're gonna design a postcard You're Gonna Leave a spot on the postcard for a QR code to go. Okay. Right QR codes now. Okay, and I'll work on my part and and it's gonna be a little clumsy this first time out, but we'll figure it out.

Okay. Yeah. Okay. And then Chris, obviously you're working on the book. We got the the RSVP.

So make sure. make sure that let's just let's just check this. Can I can let me see that she needs to be updated immediately first. Yes, all the all the yes. Yep.

She's remember. She's working on it this week. Okay. Yeah. All right.

So yes. Okay good. So she's she's been Yeah, because remember she's what texting right? Yes. I don't want to forget this Brazilian situation I situation I was able to get the print down.

I think I told you between 10 to 12 K, which is awesome. We're not gonna have time to proof the book. So just like just so you know, it's gonna be translated and we're gonna have to go straight to print. I'm the last quote. I'm getting getting a quote as far as turnaround time.

The last one was 20 days the other printer in Brazil. So awesome. It's not like we have a printer that is not great. But is we can live with I'll have the finalize the quantities just to be clear just because I want to get you know, now that I know the pricing all the side on the final quantities. But obviously we'll still prove digital, correct.

Well, no I'm saying is we need I don't know Portuguese. So I've just I have to I have to just trust that I have somebody who's will have somebody on the outside wall. You'll have to find somebody on the outside that can spend two hours whether it's Polo or someone Apollo's team to skim the book and be like, yeah, this is not beginning. It's other than so here. Just just so with that being said the only thing somebody could look at would be what I'd be looking at which is is it formatted correctly outside of formatting which I'm gonna have to pay for somebody to do because I it doesn't sound like it's a lot but Josh it was Josh struggled with formatting formatting the book.

So I need to pay for somebody to format the books and I need to pay for somebody to edit it. There's not enough time for that at all. I can have somebody format it and that's gonna be that's gonna be it sent to print and we're gonna be we're gonna be pretty close to our our deadline. I'm gonna have and again, I don't know how Brazil works are they gonna be like, yeah. We said 14 days, but it's Brazil.

You know, it took us three weeks like The top talk to the other program immediately that I sent that we got before or for because at least he's he somebody who works with the guy who's part of this, right? So read to him immediately like not like hey, shoot anything like dude need to talk to you today today. We need to have I have all the statistics I've everything that I that I need and then and then let's and then let me know immediately. Once we have like hey, these are the options. This is that this is the this is quote internalize people like, okay, so I'll send him an email.

I need cost and turn around time. That's only only two things. Okay. Charge you check that app. I just put in in the chat Chris as I almost bought it the other day, but it's exactly what you need to write in format books.

Properly. Okay, perfect. Yeah, I'll have to have maybe this is something something we can do. Right internally. Oh, that's not a bad idea.

So we just toss it in there and then it formats it for you. I believe so. I haven't used it, but I've heard good things about it. Oh, that's perfect. Thank you, man.

I wonder if it's gonna try and Clump all of his paragraphs together though. Okay, um and Glenda, I know it's a lot but at least start putting some of your key items for top one on to notion. I said I know it's a lot because you have a whole separate process sheet built out but like start putting some stuff up there like especially the time sensitive stuff like postcards and things like that. So that that's all up there and just as a team, you can see what's happening or if you need stuff your stock like where where visually able to see where everybody else is on the field. But it um and Todd just FYI tar just opened up said there was an issue with a to z.

That's not a you know a big deal, but that needs to be addressed and Leadership Channel might be an access issue. But let's look at that Apprentice thing. So today, can you hop in the book QA Channel and tell us what you make of that? to do on click the first click email and oh, yeah. Click the order form the order form to line reads one day and 12 hours.

Everybody else's three days and 12 hours. So Chris you were. Yeah. I I only clicked on it this morning just so just I I sent and I sent. Both Jay shell Jaden myself.

I added us to The Campaign on Saturday. So let's take a look at something here. to share Yeah, it's interesting because this one this was a brand new campaign, right? So there's nobody that was in it before. So and in which email was it they used?

Amen? There's the Damian and marketing funnel animation. Where was it? Huh? Yes, sir.

Or demanded E5 agency. No, I got rid of the Damian at E5 agency because I was like man, I don't want two of them in there. Maybe that can cause further conditions so Sure, because you shouldn't be in here then if you didn't click on it from that email. Um I don't I literally went in last week after we had this whole conversation. I deleted my Damon and E5 agency account.

So I don't even know how that record is showing up. Who? So your deadline is the 21st? Should be tomorrow. How or why that is I it says you started on the 18th, so you didn't visit the page over the weekend.

Don't believe so no. I I got to be honest. I feel like this is an interrogation like my where were you on this day. So ignore me you just forget me what Chris has said? That his is that day as well.

Were you on the list Teddy? Can you check your email? I mean I definitely was on there that day. Because that was working on it. started 18 six six four Thirty These was Saturday.

Right, which is when I tested it. Did you add Damien when you added? Jay shell and Jaden Chris do you remember? Oh, sorry. Say that again.

Did you add Damian to the campaign when you added Chase shell and Jaden? I don't believe so, but I did tell Damian today. I was like I thought I added you along with myself Jay shell and Jaden, but he said he didn't get the email this morning. And so I added him and and so I I don't I actually got a really weird email which was said like Todd Brown expiring conversion countdown he and maybe that was the last one but Yeah, that was from the that was from the countdown Hero Test. Yeah, I know.

All I see was the one from 11:11 was the only one I got. Okay, so just just a pause for one second. Can I screen share for a second? See my screen. Yes.

Yeah. So I wanted to contacts new search. amen at E5 there is no record for me. Okay. I deleted myself last week.

And the reason I'm saying this so staunchly is because like this is one of those examples where I'm like, okay, I'm doing what I know how to do in infusion soft, but it feels like There are some magic and mystery going on behind the scenes that I'm not privy to. well, and but that's the situation inside of God yeah the other one as well deadline funnel right is like you because the other thing is like there's all these IP addresses associated with you that that may or may not be you. And we and we we do a lot of testing so I wonder kind of goes back to what Teddy was saying, you know, but you know. I guess if we have clients that keep getting added to different funnels, we don't want this to happen to them either. So it's kind of a catch 22 if you know if it is because we've been in there.

It's like well that that's still not a you know, so my good thing. Well, I mean, let's just do this just be fun if I just hmm the majority people all started to write they started today. hands and borders Well, that's actually not a bad. Bad way that we could check. I mean, I know it sounds really like very manual but as a worst case scenario.

I mean, is there a way that we can expect? Yeah, we can export this list if we export it and then set in some some rules on the sheet like set up some functions on the sheet to automatically check for anybody that has a you know, depending on when to start date is like even just sort the list based on start date. I mean, this could be a worker on. Well, I don't understand. So so this shows where when the deadline started and when it like it's showing exactly everybody's starting on 320.

So one alternative is to export this right set up some rules on a sheet so that boom we export it. Right we can sort it and we can see exactly what folks are are added in the wrong manner. Okay, you would so yes ideally Chris that would be 100% correct less. But so if I'm on the last page here And these are the only two people that started on the 18th and yet if I search for digging. See this thing doesn't work does it?

Simon showing them on there Okay, you saw him come up ready to go, right? I mean worst case at least it gets close. I know that's not that's not the numbers you you want. The numbers are are sort of close but I mean if we match the amount of people in the campaign to the amount that are listed here and we at least could get a decent idea to know, you know, 95% are listed here and out of those 95% Only three are you know seen a weird timer. Yeah, I mean those this would be the only news.

You know what we're talking real except for you started on the 20th. Okay, so actually trust this I don't know. I mean, that's all right. That's all her story. But as far as I can tell yeah everybody.

That I would tend to trust this. This is just like a data it output it just pulling fields from from a database. So there's no There's no yeah, I mean it should be you know. So this could be the this could be the workaround. I mean if we trust the guy who made the funnel who also made the reporting if we're willing to do that, I think.

You know, I think this could be a viable route for us. Just pull this up check, you know. problem solved All right. Well for now, let's just keep an eye on this and let's just make sure that we have. Where we're checking back.

We're checking back in like especially the people that have reasonable timers like Jaden Chris make sure she's clicking the email tomorrow and at the time is not randomly resetting on her. I just I'm just gonna completely delete you from those damn system. hands, yeah, so yeah, so so Okay. nice things you Any other emails you got? Named franchi.

Do you know what you did email nothing? now that should yes. And Teddy while you're on to whatever you're done with this, I think that the message and the leadership Channel just because we're getting tickets about that as well. So it looks like the product inside the portal setup as a rental Oh, I'm gonna meet really quick kind of. just think you're gone.

right Um, so one other thing just to bring us up and bring some clarity around it. So Um, so I mentioned to Chris I got this letter from a product. I bought which were my C patches for my mutation cruise and they were like, hey fill this out and get an Amazon gift card. Leave us some feedback. Um, I said to Chris I said, hey, this is great.

Let's do it. It's simple. It's easy. We could do this once a month. We could send little letters to all our buyers from the pleaders months bullets and then it occurred to me just double check with the FTC.

There were two things on the FTC. One of them said you can't say for a positive review and number two you do have to disclose that you offer incentives for feedback or reviews. And so the only hold up that I asked Teddy unless you know the answer already if you what it's already solved. What's the answer we could just put it in the terms. No, so what we discussed was to just give that send them out a certain amount of postcard or whatever with with Todd Buck's attached but Those those Todd bucks were unconditional right like 20.

Here's 25 dollars in Todd box, right? You have to call into redeem them. and at that point they could have a conversation and solicit a testimonial but it wasn't a requirement of so, we're not paying for testimonials. We're just incentivizing our customers to buy again. They happen have to call in and have a conversation with us to do that which gives us the opportunity to collect the testimony and on that call when they call and that could be recorded Chris.

Correct? Yes, so it would be okay maybe a zoom calls what it would be so they yeah, okay. So I Again, not as compelling as an Amazon gift card, but I'm willing to if that's what you guys feel like. It can be. I mean it could be whatever you could be.

Whatever you want to give an Amazon gift card for everybody just for the heck of it, right? I want to give an Amazon gift card because someone took the time to give us a testimonial got it. Um, I'm willing to pay 15 bucks a testimony. I'm not going to pay 15 bucks for somebody to just hop on our calendar for the heck of it. Um, and so And is there just to be clear before we pull the trigger on this because we've been waiting a while.

But now it's time to pull the trigger. Can you just check with the lawyer Teddy? And because the other part of the FTC thing said you have to disclose that you incentivize feedback or you incentivize whatever reviews it could just ask the lawyer if disclose it just means put it in our terms of service then we're set that. Of course not. What do you mean, of course not it needs to be directly not to say anything all the other stuff words.

You got to either you gotta have an asterisk on the review and like I got so I'm saying I wouldn't do it like you're just gonna lose all credibility of testimonials the minute you say we incentivize reviews like minute. I see incentivize reviews on Amazon or whatever like All right. Well, then Chris open up open up a notion card. Let's start before we do anything. Let's start by just doing all letters to the q1 buyers.

We have a lot. I'll just be real like because think we have one week. We have a lot of deliverables that are going out and we have one designer doing them. And so do you know if we have to pull hours off of first of all, it's not a design. It's a letter.

It's not like no I get I I I'm just saying there are a lot of a lot of deliverables going out and she can handle it and if we need to Jaden could pick up some more support hours. If not, I'll design the letter. Okay, we already had the letter designed. I'm just a lot of print print items going out at one time all good. But okay.

Well, I I don't I don't want to write we've been you know, you know Todd is is made it very clear right that proof is the gold and our bullets going out without proof definitely hurts our ability to promote and so we've waited on this long enough and I understand there were reasons it kept getting pushed but I don't want to push it anymore. So this is what everybody feels good about. Let's launch it if you want to say You know 50 times. I probably wouldn't make it. You know, 25 bucks will probably make it 50 Todd box or something like that.

Send it to me. I'll sign off on it and let's get it out to our q1 buyers and let's have it out by certainly about a second week of Q2. We have that letter out to all our q1 buyers. Okay, and the other components we want to build that bot. So that's why I'm I'm talking about timetable.

I'm just saying, okay. So we're gonna just for our code. Yeah because we're gonna do a QR code to a chat that chat. That was the other part. I dropped in our our messaging I mess up and so it's gonna QR code is gonna go to a chat if Jay shell is available.

Jay shell is going to work that into a zoom call. If not, the bot will work that into scheduling a zoom call. And then that Zoom call is where they jump on with Jay shell Jay shell gathers that testimony. You know, what and what are we saying the reason to get on the call list? To redeem the $50 Todd bucks, right?

So Teddy since you're there you're always the the cynic and the in the common sense. Is there any reason why would you have to get on a call to redeem? anything because our order systems don't allow you to to just Apply a we don't have a coupon code system, right? So that way we can need to know which product you want to apply to and set you up manually. right Okay, right.

So just claim your discount. Yeah, what I would do is I would just would you say a hundred bucks because a hundred bucks at least they can get something and I think having a real forty seven dollar products you have bump offers they could potentially add and but yeah, I mean if you if you want to I mean a hundred dollars and Todd bucks and you just bought a $37 product seems a little like that's fine. Yeah, 50 is fine. You bought a banana now. We're giving you a $20 gift card to our store.

That seems a little weird but I won't say this if each offer they're getting this fifty dollars. I think eventually the folks that don't will probably call in and say hey I got three these things. How can I use it? You think? But I would I would only send one I would only send it once per quarter.

Right so that they would have to buy something every quarter and right. Yeah, and if somebody bought something every quarter, I'll glad again with two hundred dollar credit towards something. That's fine. I mean, is there a downside I mean when wouldn't there being incentive though? If if let's just say hypothetically you just got three and a quarter.

Now you have 150 make it three and a quarter. You can only get one quarter. gotcha, but what I'm saying is if every bullet right why I guess they wouldn't because Right all the list. You're not sending it based on product or sending it just based on buyers. Correct?

It would all be it would all be automated right? So there'd be a there be a campaign that puts them into postalolitics and sends out the offer but that that campaign the tag that triggers that campaign we'll get applied and then once okay, so yeah comes off after three. Yeah, so I'm gonna say something that that I say all the time something I Todd says and I happen to agree with it. I don't agree with everything he says but I agree with this very strongly which is don't we don't automate things until we know that they're working. So the idea of like let's build a bot.

Let's do it. Let's just something like this you do want to automate because of what I just said like otherwise knowing Like otherwise you're gonna have no way of knowing who redeemed it or who did like if you don't care right now, that's a different answer. But if you care that Somebody's only going to get it once quarter then it needs to be automated. Because there's no way to keep track of that manually. Um, yeah, it's very easy to do that and keep trying just send the letter out once a quarter and pull a list and clean the list.

And yeah, if you're just gonna send it once a quarter, yeah, that's not what we're talking. That's what I'm talking about for right now for right now. I'm just talking about just now right like we we do this thing where we make We think about step three and it becomes so complicated that at jeopardizes and seeing any success in step one. Like let's just press like what I would do is I would 100% just have them text. Like before we like well set up a bot and if they shells on it's a Tuesday Wednesday or Friday and just show is that then it'll be heard.

They don't like dude. We're just creating so much complexity and so many air like dude just make it simple. Hey. Thank you. Loyalty.

You got 50 Todd bucks. If you'd like to claim them and find out what you can apply them to text here and we'll be glad to take care and if she checks Jay show and she's not available to say I'm currently tied up but I'll set aside time. Let's talk tomorrow and I'll kind of walk you through your box and and recommend some programs. You might you might enjoy. Great.

I mean that that part at that part is simple, right, but but I I think it goes back. So we're just okay with just sending it to everybody that bought a bullet once a quarter and we just send them to all right now, I'm not okay with anything other than I just want to run the test to Q I get it. No, I'm just trying to understand what you want. That's why that's why I'm all I want is to what? I really wanted to send it to everybody but I really want to do it the way that I suggested but I know that we have FTC limitations and so What I really want what I want then it's just say hey everybody who bought something in q1.

They get a letter that says, okay. Congrats, like something. Oh, we love having you, you know, make it cute. We love having you be a part of our tribe so much so that we wanted to share the love with you, you know congrats you for under 50 dollar Todd bucks credit, whatever it is. Just you know, you can apply it to any product any future purchase.

I mean do you really care about the FCC you like? Let's be honestly, you know, we paid chip a lot of money. We never went through and fixed anything that he said so Okay, you're good at opening the existential can of worms Teddy. Well, I'm just being honestly you keep it real or not. Like do we really like is the thing that we're gonna go down for is because we incentivized pretty good testimonials.

Like I don't think any importunium set our entire list. I mean if you want to know like just you know exposure if I were if I were to you know choose a life of crime, I would say that this would potentially be the one that we would be like you said to the letter to everyone on the list to be like, you know, that was your first mistake, you know, so I would say this would be where I would I would say like if all right. Okay, so let's let's go with that for now. Okay. And so Teddy Chris just put up a card for yourself and then make sure I have a chance to see it before it goes out.

Okay. All right. Everybody has a lot of a lot and just update the bullet, QA. All right, go ahead. And before you even updated just check you click your link again that you your links should be right now.

Your time should be right. You shouldn't be in any campaign at all tomorrow. That is what I make you lose some hair if I told you that I also can't stand the page load time. We're seeing right now. And not much I can do about it.

Okay. Well that's very gent of you. But is it just me or is our page all the time? Like pretty terrible? Yeah, I'm good now.

Okay. Okay, we're good. Yes, everybody's good. Okay. Love all of you.

See you all a lot today next week next week. Remember I'm out next week. If you guys will have value in level 10, then by all means level tenant. If not, I'll leave that to your discretion to all the side that And and where exactly are you going spring break spring break my girls going down to Florida and spent a couple days with Todd's family and a couple days with the girls. And that's awesome man and off to AI Summit with Teddy and John and Vegas.

Wow, okay. You guys are you guys are doing it up doing it up? Alright guys. I'll see you later. All right.

See you guys.
