---
title: "Level 10 2023-03-14 15:29:24"
date: 2023-03-14
duration: 27m
duration_seconds: 1662
vimeo_id: 807987653
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-03-14 15:29:24

**Date:** 2023-03-14 | **Duration:** 27m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hola. coming down Hey, Teddy, how you doing, man? What's happening man? How are you? man, just hanging out even even gone for for a while, man.

Let's get felt like forever. It felt like forever on my end to yeah. Yeah. I think we all I think we all missed you, you know. That's good.

It's nice to be missed everyone if we had a company band we would have wrote a song about you. Maybe they had even gone. That he's been gone as charging the key to write that that's that. Hey, that's true. We could.

Right, so we might get a hit song. How is the on man how was it? It was awesome dude. It was totally I mean it was hectic for sure. It was 12 cities in 19 days.

So it was a lot but Spain is Spain is just absolutely gorgeous and amazing and probably will probably where I will die at some point in life. Maybe I don't know. We'll see. Oh actually where my dad wanted to retire. With Spain.

Yeah. Yeah. No, I mean, you know obviously helps that I speak the language but of like, you know of all the Spanish-speaking countries that I could go to like nothing's has that sort of history and you know, those types of old cities, you know with like literally, you know medieval cities with you know streets that are this wide, you know, and just just really cool. I mean just clean and friendly and just the quality of life in Europe man. It's just so so different than here.

Like, you know, they lived Our Lives outside. Eating basically and like you you wonder if anybody works there is it's all I see people sitting at cafes eating all over this. Yeah, I remember when I worked at Blue Cross in Jacksonville a really good friend of mine that I worked there. Spain and you talk about all the time. It's like and what you're saying sounds exactly what he'd say.

He yeah, we not a cafes all the time. It's like all the time all the times like that's just you do with families too. He's like, it doesn't matter if you have a family or not. It's like you go down to wherever it is that you're going down to. Far as eating and you're spend the evening with friends, like that's what you're gonna do and yeah.

We made it. yeah, Zuma is acting like for me as morning to Yeah, but he was he was saying the same thing. He's like man, I forgot how he put it in context but he's just saying how literally almost every single night like he would be like after work. You would want to use like that's that's one thing is you'd walk. He's like I walk to work walk the cafe and he's like I would hang out with us, you know, my friends almost every single evening, you know, eating good food and drinking together like and it just that's just what you did.

Yeah. Well, it's it's interesting because they actually do it the opposite like, you know, they're they're big meals launch not not dinner. So, you know that they between 12 and 2 and usually like a lot of restaurants don't even open for dinner. So like 9:00 you get can't even get in almost so that's great. Oh, man, I I definitely want to see you with the home prices the way they are.

Might be you know feel like it's expensive anywhere. We look now like just because everything's gone up like 40 50 percent. So it's like it doesn't matter if you want to live in LA. It's like it's gonna be external or amount. You want to live in Roanoke, Virginia.

It's like yeah. We're right 2500 bucks a month and I'm like, you know, it's kind of where we're at right now where we're looking we're like well, I mean we're spending, you know, it's like comes out like 21 20 actually, you know object 2200 bucks a month and I live in Roanoke, Virginia. I'm like 200 bucks a month. I can live anywhere right like and it I mean heck probably Spain has played. It's just like at this point now everything's got expensive.

You can pretty much live anywhere for the same price, you know, it's like outskirts of Indianapolis. It's like 2000 miles, you know, you know Yeah party. How do you gonna become an expat? Is this like the last time we see you in America? It's it's getting it if Trump wins probably.

Yeah, Spain. I'm not gonna get into any political stuff. That would be the first Catalyst that if not, then yeah for retirement that may be that maybe the final resting place. She's worth Spain. Yeah.

Okay, was that was that your favorite place you visited? Well, I mean debt I mean basically hit Spain Morocco France and Italy certainly country wise the favorite but just even even every city that we hit in Spain was like it was hard to pick which city I liked most like they all have their own kind of unique. Unique aspects to him like Seville is just you know for those that was the one that had the Christ procession and stuff but just such an old city man and just like to be being something that old, you know, and to know that people live there in the 1400 s*** it it's crazy when you see that stuff and you see these and it's like stuff isn't that much different? It's like you know like this preservation and history and and it's just I you were gone what you know, you've gone for a little bit like so you get the feeling like to me. What I feel like is most impactful when you travel is just when you realize that like forget about Christian non-Christian or otherwise that people actually have different life value systems when you go to when you sit when you go around and you see another country, you stay there you go.

Wait a second. What we think is important is not the same as what they think is important and it just starts to blow your mind. Right? It's not even like moral or ethical stuff. It's just like they value.

Being with other human beings more than they value stuff, you know in your life. Wow. This is mind blowing, you know. Yeah, that's what I was just saying to Chris. I mean just just you know, they're the cult the way the culture set.

Is is totally engulfed by food and and meals and you know outside and you know, I mean like dude it was cold. It was in the it was in the 40s 40s and 50s just first week were there and people are still outside at restaurants like outside eating? It's not like I might be right like where it's where I belong Teddy and hanging out making food all day and you'd love it man. You love it. Um, so cool.

Well, listen, welcome back. Obviously we missed you and appreciate all your pictures from your adventures and Journeys. I I know we have a lot of stuff going on wanted to at least do a quick touch base Glenda. Are we so what are we doing with the with the meeting Tom wanted to have is that happening later today? Yeah, I'm waiting for him to confirm the exact time.

I pretty sure it's gonna be after the marketing call. So that's what I was confish around that time. So I'll have a call then. So just FYI. What's the call?

Do you have a GTH call? Yeah, I have two. So right after this, I have two back-to-back. So what 12:30 and 1:30, let me look on what it's converting to. so to just yeah, so 12:30.

to 1:30 and then I'm gonna eat lunch in that 30 out or 30 30 minute break and then two to three Okay, so if we if we need Chris on there London we might need to just do it like 3:15. Yeah 315. I have a doctor follow up from just a call three to three 15 but I could do three 15. Can you do 315 setting? Yeah, three fifteen four works.

Perfect. All right. So, let's see if that's good for everybody Glenda. What is this call? Just I curious.

It's just different issues we have with you in your personality. Oh, yeah, we're gonna put them into spreadsheet and go from there. Okay. All right. So interrogation gun to the Head style.

Yeah, exactly. We're gonna do a good interrogation of you Chris. So so yeah, the it's just about deadlines and figuring out what we do and what we text. You know, what the plan is to get the time or stuff straightened out and tested and and I think just overall streamlining some some bullet stuff and all that stuff and and Teddy I appreciate you thank you again for making sure that stuff was taken care of promo went. Well first time.

We've sold a hundred plus units with a bullet and and offer that probably most people would have said is dead and has no chance of selling anything and Teddy we now have 12 paid consults on Chris's calendar nice. And so we're gonna we're gonna see how many times Chris hits the ball and Yeah, and so that should be. Should be interesting should be exciting. Oh. Um, and so all right.

Um, I do have because we didn't have the meeting confirm. I'm actually speaking one of our clients again guy named Elliot at 12. So we're gonna keep this kind of short. Um, but a couple things I wanted to cover and Teddy let me know if I know we're gonna talk about timers and we have an offer and all this other stuff that needs to get all straightened out if I talk about other things right now, is it going to be overwhelming and distracting or is it okay to start talking about other stuff? That's happening.

Yeah. No, I'm fine with that typical. Okay. All right. So I want to show I will upload this to notion shortly.

Just you know, this is the current marketing calendar for Q2 and so again, Just going to we're going to continue with our bullet strategy. The difference is that we're really going to bring in a lot of new stuff. And so looking at q1 and seeing like hey some bullets did well some bullets were duds and recognizing we can't just fire the same stuff. We have to bring them on mix of new stuff. So we're gonna have four new offers going into the mix.

In addition. We're gonna do a promo and support John Benson, which will be a fresh offer. And so we're really going to be able to get a mix of fresh stuff into the loop, which will be really good. And again just looking for Mid tiers High tiers low tiers and mixing those all up again. I'll post this into notion not a whole lot to to go over at this time.

We're doing a joint offer which olerway based upon his, you know, golf ball nearest to the whole strategy and he's building something out. That'll be a joint offer only offer at the Ross. That'll be kind of cool similar to John Ford Arrangement acceptable price it a little bit higher and then you know top we're gonna do a live Workshop as well later on and so any questions on this um, and the goal is to to really A couple things in Q2 number one is to move from the you know, we definitely saw some some hiccups as well as inefficiencies and like me and Teddy are firing bullets and then all the sudden it's like hey, Todd, you're firing the bullet or you firing it on your own you passing a Cate like and so the goal is that Q2. It'll just be me and you like if Todd, you know, Todd is just gonna focus on new campaigns when they're ready. It'll be us our process our stick to the deadlines and stuff like that.

I'm sure I've taught Todd will have stuff to add to later today. But that's the direction where we're pointing towards the two things. I do want to do for Q2 that I love for you to start thinking about Teddy. Is I want to support bullets better. So now that we okay.

We have a calendar we have a Right a method that we're doing things. Okay. Well now let's not just be email we decided hey Texas a little too risky, but at least doing Facebook posts and postcards and so thinking about from a tech standpoint. You know postcards even if we send a postcard to some segment of buyers, right? Are we using a QR code or we using the direct to mail link how we tracking whether or not those are helping affected at all on the campaigns and the same thing.

I want to be able to do Facebook post tell the agency to hey boost this with 500 bucks so that we just get our offers in front of people and different ways. So now postcards a week before the campaign then well, so we'll we'll need to we'll mail domestic only and we'll need to time it so that they show up that Monday or Tuesday the campaign starts. Um, and as long as we write that's why a calendar or so important that if we have a calendar and we stick to it we can now start doing things like this not where it's just like. Hey, what are we promoting? I don't know.

Oh, yeah, it's Friday. Hey, let's do this on Monday. We can't do these other things we've never put in the past or we just that's what created frustration and messes. But at least if we're planned ahead we could do them. So I just really need to you know, again get settled in no rush take a couple days and this week growing next week just to put some thought around like hey, this is what I would think would be affective and how to manage it from a tech standpoint and a tracking standpoint.

And then I could think about from a marketing standpoint. Okay, let me prepare all these posts in advance, you know once a month. I'll prepare the post in advance. I'll schedule them. I'll tell the agency to plan to boost them.

They'll have a trackable link. This is who we should Target. This is who we shouldn't postcards to like so on and so forth. Does that make sense? um And then the only other couple small things I'll put out there from a tech side is there's now that we're we're into you know, we have a good amount of bullets under a belt.

Uh, you know, let's get the bullet tracker. Let's start putting dad on that bullet tracker so we could start, you know, Todd and I when we planned out the next quarter of bullets, we started kind of I have basically eight tabs open Apple. Let's saying hey, what do we think? It's working not working so on and so forth. Um, but getting those numbers into that bullet tracker will be super duper helpful.

and by the way, if this is the ocean Yeah, so hold on a second. I created I shared it and it is right here. I'll put the link on our marketing page. But this is this is a perfect example Teddy. If this is something that you can either show Jaden or J shell how to do.

Like if you could do the first couple bullets and you go okay, this is exactly how you pull the numbers. So when and so forth and it's something that Jaden everybody show could do as long as it's accurate. That's all that matters to me. Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's easy enough to pull.

Okay, so I'll post that into the channel. um and then The other thing that I think is good to just start dreaming about is what I mentioned to you a couple about a week or two ago. When I started looking into the chat GPT is really thinking about hey, like what would it look like for us to deliver a and have our coaches leveraging chat GPT to make the process go easier faster better. Um, from what I've seen if we have the right methodology we ask the right consequent questions, it can probably get a whole lot of work done for us. Yeah, just I mean so that I mean there's two different ways to to look at it, which is Like in order to teach chat GP to teach any of the AIS are specific methodology is one thing versus using chat GPT to like do the research phase and understand.

You know, these are these are the primary complaints of somebody in this market potentially or You know how to generate a big idea or you know a name, you know, like have you have you watched any events training on the I have not watch Benson's training now? Yeah, sorry because he does he does a lot of that in his stuff. Well, yeah, I don't I don't know right at least currently the vision isn't to say. Hey, how can we get an AI that will just allow a client to make an E5 campaign? But if there's a way I know there's a way that we can have a seasoned expert coach like Paul Michael or Adida.

Use AI the right way if they understood how to use AI the right way. It would be like, wow, they could get the engineering stuff in the research stuff done in a day instead of four weeks, you know I'm saying and and when it came to un it's like man, they could come up with 10 different names and help them pick the right name and they could do you know, hey man, they could come up with a lead and have three different versions of a lead written like literally almost on the spot and then help them tweak it pick the right one and it just seems like it can take this and condense it into that. Definitely can once you know how to use the right prompts for sure and and I mean that would dramatically change the program. I mean as far as margin one and two is if we wanted to shorten the program that could be a question well and not and that's where I'm going right if it changes the margin if it changes the cost structure for us. It changes how much we can charge which means we could have a much more compelling value proposition.

But then if it changes the amount of work work, the client has to do that makes it even more compelling but then if it changes the speed Now we can actually be in a different promise. Right? Like if we can go from hey, it's eight weeks. You're working side by side to hey, it's it's four weeks to maybe it's three weeks and we could produce something and you know, like that's that's potentially a very compelling offer and I think it's the direction. We you know, you'll be I hope you're proud of me Teddy.

It took a lot for me to sign up to go to an AI conference because you know in Vegas nonetheless what my brother is in Vegas though. Yeah, my niece at nieces and my nephew but you know, I was very much it was, you know, Alex from Rosie put it. Well, I was watching at the end of it and AI video he was talking about I said, you know, either you can you know hide your head in the sand and pretend it's not happening which is totally Ludacris or you can just deal with it and and embrace it and and figure out how it's going to power up everything you're gonna do and and like yeah, it's it's hard not to hide your head in the sand because it does feel like the end of the world but I'm choosing not to do that. And so when I look at our business to not go wow, like this is a place where we could do something we couldn't do before right we could potent. I mean to think about like man, could we get to a point where in two weeks we can have an E5 campaign built for somebody and it could be better than the result before and cost us a fraction to the cost of the liver.

It's like holy cow like we could potentially offer something. That is you know. Dramatically better. You don't understand. I'm really I'm really impressed Damien.

Honestly, I would this was thing. This was the thing. I was like Damian's never gonna get on the AI train at all and Wow, I do it's it's not hard. I often think about just taking the train and and riding it off the tracks into the into the dark cold of this. But I actually got the login from tots.

I'm actually gonna go meet chat cheap tea tonight, probably and start I'm gonna ask all I'm gonna ask him about each of you. I'm gonna say what do you know about Chris Lucy? I've been in there so knows me what what do I need to know? What I need to do aware of what makes him tick. Um, what questions is Chris been asking you tell me about Craig.

What's Chris doing in his free time? and so I so yeah, I I love to I know it's something that you're I mean, I feel like forever Teddy you wanted to like spread your technological wings and do something far more interesting than releasing info products into the portal. And I think certainly this is the the perfect time because look AI is only as good as the prompts and the and the the structure or methodology that's fed into it. And so we have a great, you know, my here's my belief is that we have phenomenal code you take phenomenal coaches plus well trained AI plus a proven methodology and we can produce a result that I don't believe other, you know, most people other people can't um, and that's that's what I'd like to see if we can can run after so all right, but that's that's all I have. So Glenda I got a call in five minutes.

Is anybody else need Teddy? Do you need anything this minute? I know. I don't know anything you press it. Okay that Todd said either 4:30 today or noon tomorrow, but Teddy said he can't do 4:30 today.

So noon tomorrow for everyone. I'm fine for noon tomorrow. Yeah, I just have a hard stop at be like 9:50 so I can get off the call get get ready for the next call. So I have a ten o'clock all I just want to make sure that I show up. Okay?

Yeah. Wait nine, huh. Are you it's a three hour three hour time zone. Yeah prep. Is that Chris?

Sorry. Yeah. No, it's because I'm trying to convert it in my head. But yes, so I have I have a hard stop that 1250. Yeah, if we're doing it so that so the meeting would be at what time well, so right time got you so yeah, 12 12 55 or whatever.

Yeah. Okay. Got it. All right. We're all good.

Yep, awesome. And then Glenn if you can send that invite just so I can get it off once I get a blocked off just and I just don't want somebody to book something. Yeah a book it now. I was just waiting for Todd to confirm. So I'll send you guys all the invite.

Sounds good. Oh, all right, and I'm gonna go update notion right now. Okay. All right, see all right. Hey really quick before we jump off just just as a as a plug you mentioned notion.

Just be thinking about a Teddy. We want to add in some sort of Trello. Just like we have before a Trello Board of some sort and they're just because it's so hard like I we were dialing things in but the for it to be as effective as we we need it to be and as simple as we needed to be I think just having some sort of Trello board that all of us can follow on there for for projects and tasks that get it added on there. And so just be thinking about it. We don't talk about it now, but I mean we have it.

We just keep not using the structure that was built for all like there's all there's a whole projects and action items set up that is not being used that would facilitate that but can we do it in camband style? Yeah, I mean you can switch the view to whatever you whatever view you want and what's up notion. But but you got to use that framework you can't just You know, haphazardly build the page and be like, oh this is what we're doing and has no structure data structure to it. Well, then you and I let's jump on a call and we'll just we'll talk through it again. And then just try it for Q2 to go ahead and Implement Implement that back end because I think that's missing.

Okay. All right. I'll see you later. Yes you
