---
title: "Level 10 2023-09-18 15:32:40"
date: 2023-09-18
duration: 22m
duration_seconds: 1323
vimeo_id: 865634656
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-09-18 15:32:40

**Date:** 2023-09-18 | **Duration:** 22m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

What's up, gang? Hello. Good morning. Top one. Hey, Represent Always.

What's up, Chris? Morning, How you Well, I was doing better and then, uh, just I kicked back in, unfortunately last night. Uh, it was a pretty rough night. Oh, man. Yeah.

Starting to, starting to, I mean, I'm, I'm doing better than I was a while, you know, a while back, but I'm still just shaking. Yeah, His cough off. Geez. Yeah, it's been, That's nuts, man. I know.

Um, all right, so hold on one second. Okay. We'll do this in real time. All right, so a couple things. Um, so first of all, I said it a hundred times, but, uh, gratitude can never be, can only be ungracious.

I think it could be overly gracious. So appreciate you guys, uh, doing a great job. We did something really significant and awesome, and, um, just reminds me of the value of just, of putting together great people that you can count on. And so, uh, just really, really good. Really, really good.

And I believe that, uh, we're gonna impact and change a lot of lives. I really do. I think it's gonna be an answer to prayer for a lot of people. I see, uh, a lot of people change the trajectory of their lives and their finances, and so really, really excited. Yeah.

Um, so, uh, couple things, uh, really important. Can you please, uh, not necessarily, today, J Show was helping out with some cleanup, and I asked her to hop in, uh, real estate, we, God, to help with some cleanup, but, um, can you please make sure that she gets on the copy Legends, uh, just kind of 30 days out, uh, to all the, uh, speakers. Just, Hey, this is Jay Show. Oh my gosh, I can't believe we're 30 days away. Remember, the cocktail hour is, what time are we doing the cocktail hour, Linda?

Seven, The co you know, we have a v i p cocktail hour at 7:00 PM the night before, and then the full, you know, the day starts, uh, at nine or nine 30, Or at what time, Linda? What time does the day start? The Cocktail hour? We have a cocktail hour, No, cocktail hour at seven. What time's coffee legend start?

Is it nine or nine 30? No, I believe it's nine. That's what I've seen. Nine o'clock. Okay.

So yeah, and then we start, we start, we start 9:00 AM sharp the next morning. Um, what questions do you have? You know, we're so excited to have you there, right? Just affirm there at, we're so excited to have you there. You know, Todd, Todd, and everyone is so excited to have you there.

Uh, what questions or needs do you have before then? Got it. Um, also, Chris, uh, won't take more than about three minutes, but you have, you have a, a couple items that can be cleaned up in Notion. Okay? Um, so right, so this week we talked about we have, uh, gun to head going out, uh, start at Tuesday, start at Wednesday.

That's fine. Um, and then we'll fire off a micro bullet, which is cool. Um, are you, uh, just so I know, Chris, I, I know you're banged up. Are you, are you like a little foggy brained? Oh, yeah.

Foggy. Okay. I mean, disagree. So, so I'm not gonna ask you to be a part of this exercise with me. Um, but I spoke to Todd, got some more clarity on copy legends.

So I'm gonna post an updated, uh, proposed Q four bullet calendar, and then everybody else can sign off by the end of the week. Okay? Remember, I am out this week. I'm gonna hold Chris for two minutes. Glen, is there anything you need?

Um, well, I just wanted to talk through the, uh, potluck, remember we said like a month out? We, Yeah. So what we wanna do is, um, I mean, I certainly could post a video if you want A video like encouraging people to wanna cook or inviting people to cook. Actually, you should po you should post a video. You should post a video.

Like it should. You're the programs, you have more energy and you're more hospital than I'm. Yeah. And just let 'em know, like, so what we need to do is, um, you, you're gonna, and you can show me all this before you send it out, just to be sure to me. So you're gonna wanna create a form, right?

A Google form Uhhuh, And you're gonna wanna have like the description, like, okay, so this is, you know, uh, thanks Live pot potluck. You can go here to see what dishes are already on the menu, right? So you on the description, you want them, let them, you know, like any potluck, you wanna be able to check to see what other people are making first, which means that as you get submissions, you'll wanna keep updating that and just say, uh, you know, ideally you wanna make a dish that you're comfortable making for at least 15 people. Plus, you know, just say, we usually have 30 plus people. Most people are not used to cooking for that many.

So no pressure, but you certainly want a dish. You can make enough serving for at least 15 people. Okay? And then you'll have first name, right? Whatever their name is, you'll have, what's the name of the dish?

Then you're gonna say, uh, what are the, what is the, the, you know, just, you know, let 'em know we're gonna do the shopping for you. So what are the quantity, what are the ingredients and quantities that you need? Is there any special cooking equipment that you'll need? Cooking equipment or vessels, right? And then, uh, you want them to, and you could either, you could possibly make this a actually a, uh, a multiple choice might be good for this.

And Chris, I know you're fog headed, but I know you love food, uh, as well. Uh, something that says like, you know, this is prepared in the oven, it's prepared. So let's, let's think about the possibilities, right, Glenda? So this, this is option one. It can be my dish can be prepared the night before and heat it up in the oven, right?

Okay. Option two, my dish is a cold dish. Cold dish. Uh, I mean, there's always so much. Some people gonna wanna make cold dishes, bro.

I'm not gonna stop 'em. Yeah. Like Salads, like pasta salad or I don't know. Oh, you're Not saying you. I thought I, so are we talking just cooking in general?

Food in general? We're not talking, the Potluck is gonna be the top one members cooking. Oh, no, I, That part. Gotcha. Okay.

Yeah, that makes sense. Foggy brain, bro. Um, bro, bro, just, just bounce, bro. Like go Bad for him. Even if I don't, don't even worry about talking to me later, because I could tell unless you have a revival, which we're gonna pray for you in a second, unless you have a revival, the kinds of questions I'm gonna ask, you're probably not gonna bring much value to, Okay?

I appreciate that. In Jesus name, we just command sickness, coughing, infirmity to leave Chris's body clear my dish and clear chest. In Jesus name. In Jesus. Amen.

Amen. Go. Thank you. Appreciate it guys. Bye.

Okay. So we have, my dish can be prepared the night before and warmed up the day of, okay, my dish must be cooked in the oven the day of. Mm-hmm. Um, I'm serving a cold dish. I'm serving a baked dish, which could be cooked the night, which can be baked the night before.

I can prepare my dish on the grill. I need to cook my dish on the stove top the day of. Do you understand why I'm asking all these questions? Yeah. So that we have a better gauge of who's doing what and how we could coordinate what times, who's gonna be in the kitchen at what time.

Yep. So, exactly. Yeah. So those are six different Options, right? Yep.

So I think as long as we know what they're cooking, special equipment, any, you know, what the ingredients are, right? And then you'll just wanna prepare, whether it's you and Lizzie, you and Michelle, uh, whatever Hmm. That we start, uh, yeah. But let, let's start there. So, so your first step is to prepare that Google form.

Yeah. Send it to me with edit access so I can just adjust it and tweak it. Yeah. And then you'll send out a, uh, a post. Hey, what's up?

This is Glenda. I'm so excited. Right? You know, like, so as you know, you know, as we're building just this culture of top one family, the house, and, uh, you know, every time you know Chef Damian and has cooked, people keep coming up and saying, I want to cook. I want to cook.

Do you want me to help? And in fact, uh, at one of the last ones, yada jumped up and said she wanted to cook her de-bone Turkey for Thanksgiving for the whole family. We had this crazy idea to be the first mastermind ever anywhere to do a potluck holiday dinner. 'cause that's how the top one family rolls. And so this is your opportunity.

Um, if you feel like there's a part of your cooking, your family you wanna share with the rest of the top one group, just click below, give us the details, we'll get all the ingredients, all the equipment. You're just gonna have to bring your love and passion, uh, to prepare your dish and share it with the top one family. Okay? Alright. Good?

Yep. All right. That is it. Um, yeah, that's it for me. That, that I, and by the way, I responded to your text this morning 'cause I didn't even know that you sent me that video.

I guess I was commuting all day. Like I didn't get home till seven o'clock at night. So, um, so I saw it this morning when you texted me about, oh, the call is at, or 1140. And I'm like, how did I miss this whole video? So, so I felt bad.

I didn't want you to think I Oh no, no Wor no wor no, no worries at all. I figured you were on Sabbath day and family catch up, and so no hard feelings at all, But thank you for that. Appreciate it. Yeah, It was great. It, it was, it was, uh, it was such a special time.

It was just so good to just work hard, have good fellowship, hear some good stuff. And so it was just, it was, uh, it was great. I thought they really took care of us too. Like they were always on top of things with like, as far as us being comfortable and the food snacks and everything. The hotel was great.

So yeah, they did a great job. Um, Cool. And, and let's think about, uh, looking ahead with, uh, especially since Jay Shell's moving to Florida, whether we have her work, the Puerto Rico event. Um, I'm not saying we don't use Lizzie for anything anymore. I get you.

Um, But um, it just, again, especially since she's in Florida and if she has the ability to attend stuff. Yeah. Um, then, uh, you know, since she is immediate team, I'd like her to start doing stuff, you know? Yeah. But you can cross that bridge when we cross that bridge.

Right. Sound good? All right. Yeah. Sound good?

All right. Be blessed. Catch you later. All right. Take care.
