---
title: "Level 10 2022-09-19 16:00:37"
date: 2022-09-19
duration: 1h 20m
duration_seconds: 4828
vimeo_id: 751339400
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2022-09-19 16:00:37

**Date:** 2022-09-19 | **Duration:** 1h 20m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

it and hola. Hola, como estas. Hey just to confirm you're still coming, right? He said you already got your ticket your plane ticket. Ah, yeah, but like a couple months ago was she was like it's like a hundred bucks something always deals.

I am trying to say the company money. I appreciate that your favorite my room in Barbourville. I'll get their sheep as possible. Teddy thanks, man. You don't look like you're in shambles at all.

I'm alive. Yeah, what was I what was the worst of what you got? Definitely the first two days but yeah, first two days are just like look dead into the world, but gotcha. Start it started. I was just hoping my wife wouldn't get it.

And then she did end up getting it. She was a She was supposed to start a new job today that she was looking forward to that has now been postponed by a couple days. Okay. Did uh what we were just what were your worst that what were your worst symptoms? Just mostly the headache and the just just no energy.

What's I literally slept for like three days straight felt like The coffee the coffee and that stuff wasn't really all that bad. I mean there was one day where it was like just kind of non-stop coughing but then it ended kind of quick. Yeah, that's good. That's good. Okay, take any vitamins or anything?

No. I lost about eight pounds, which is good. Hey, nice bonus. Was this your first time getting it? Yeah, finally.

Wow. Well, welcome what happened? That was my first time ever getting it. Oh. Okay.

And Glenda do you feeling good? Yeah. Okay, I'm messaging Chris. We do need Chris on here for pretty much everything we're talking about so. How are things over with Rich?

Uh crunch time baby Cooks time that launch that time to be a real company and actually make some money or or go out of business just pontificate about all the ways that could make money. Yeah. No those days are over. It's it's now crunch time. Gotcha.

How are you feeling? In terms of what's going on over there. Yeah nervous. I could tell it's a little nervous. It's I mean, it's rich like a You Know Rich tends to pull through and he's under stress.

So, let's see. Okay. Chris is a confused. He thought we're meeting at 12:30 because I said we'll do 12:30 for dry ink. But there's still other stuff.

We need to cover so. All right, so he's coming. And I was surprised because he's usually the first one on yeah, I know. When did you get back Damian from Ohio? Oh.

Like we'll say around five six yesterday. No, sorry about seven seven. Yes yesterday. So you were there all weekend. Yeah, yeah nice.

So, how is his event compared to Glenn's? I mean obviously totally different event. Yeah in terms of production value size and it's just no comparison, but I mean the conversion in the room smoke one. Interesting. I mean the Glen had nobody signed up for his next level program.

I mean you sold tickets to next year. Which she did decent with I think you converted on and all Maybe. Five to eight percent of the room or something like that, but Jim Jim Croce and nobody signed up for Glenn's. Higher level because he didn't offer it or no, he offered it. Well, so the big pitch from the stage was by pretty, you know, early early bird tickets for next year, right, but his next level program was like, hey join my orthopreneurs group, right, which maybe they got sales afterwards, but you know, he talked about it.

I think he had some sort of like a luncheon thing. There was a booth floor, but he didn't saw anything so Interesting. What's up, Chris? Howdy howdy fancy seeing you here. What have you been up to?

Yeah, just you know, not much just you know, should we? All right. So so yeah, there's a good amount of stuff for us to cover today. Super duper duper duper excited. Let's talk about wins from next week.

Someone go first. Winter next week. Yeah, I like that. Yeah, that's true friends for last week. I I can go just you know, obviously we we were at Jim's conference was able to help I mean just an immense amount of people was a lot.

I don't know how much you covered with them but was a lot different than what we normally do different clientele different issues different problems, but it was just really, you know, just really exciting to know like, you know, we've all been in this game for a long time and there's just immense amount of value that I think we sometimes forget that we have even in the beginning stage, which I know Teddy talks about a lot right the beginners in the market a lot of folks we talk to were beginners. And so the big win for us I think was just realizing wow like We have a lot to add even to that space and to me that was huge. Yeah, um and so yeah all I go with Chris said that was that was great. It was great to serve a top one client during his special time my gut tells me we're gonna come close to tripling his and then enrollments compared to last year. Awesome.

He did about he did 14. I think last I checked he was at 39 or 40 and they had a couple people trying to come through email. So that's super exciting. And that was just through basically, I explained to him how to orchestrate his pitch and how to pitch it how to pitch the offer how to create urgency around it. I wrote a couple emails from literally sitting in the truck on bathroom break over a couple emails that he fired out and so it's good.

It's good to see him do well. That was that was super cool. It was great to see Chris. Just you know, honestly, I it might sound like I do feel but I did I invited Chris just because I thought Chris would enjoy the event itself. I didn't plan for Chris to be to be hustle and but he was and it was great to see the line for people waiting to ask me questions.

Just as long for Chris just talking about. Okay, I have a business. What can I do? Is this viable if I wanted help, how can I get help? And so I think Chris what like eight or nine Vol 10 follow-up calls as we with some people, you know, some of them might be, you know are probably long long tail prospects, but they're definitely a couple people that are are in the are in the pocket and also have the finances and good ideas.

And so we'll say But that certainly not what I want there. We went there to support a top one client and he loved it had a great great great great event and had a huge win. So that was great. Wanda um signing the contract and after all the hustle trying to get a new location for next year so got it locked and loaded. Yeah, and and that's gonna be huge.

You know, I said this Todd when we were in Austin, you know, we're at cleanse event and my obviously plan goes over the top marching band stage a lot. It's crazy. It's it's like you'll see when when are you gonna fhl Wanda this week? Okay Wednesday awesome. So you'll see it when you go to fhl just the level and so when I sat there I was like, you know, Todd kind of just you know who for me and he's like man, he's like, I think Steven's gonna be a little all underwell when he comes to our next stop on and I was like, yeah probably will be compared to this I said, but When you think about sudden when you think about I was like man, if he came to the mansion, he'd be like this is like something else, you know, and so it was just a reminder.

You know that like went in sometimes you think things okay, that's definitely better. You know, it seems like a step up from where we are. But then when you put things in context, I'm like, yeah people are gonna go and they're gonna be like man this is this feels like top one people belong so super duper excited about it. Teddy you'll be bunking with Chris and two cats just so you know in the pool house in the pool house. Okay, Daddy Teddy's Teddy's alive Teddy's alive and he's back up and smiling.

I don't know if there could be a bigger win than that. That is that is my big win. Yes. It did. Not did not enjoy downtime the That the music festival was worth it.

The after the aftermath covid was was not but still managed to still manage to get some stuff done. I got the The top one stuff fixed for mats so that he could go back to the the real opt-in forms and so he can track things better cleaned up. I got him that list that he wanted. I talked with Michael a little bit about the driven stuff. I'm not really sure what the issue is there.

To be honest with you like we put in what we had. And I think there was just some something that they had to. We did are we didn't know but whatever. We'll talk about that in a minute sorted out. Yeah, and then yesterday I worked with Todd to figure out what the hell the issue was with stuff going out as me and it's basically an infusion soft glitch appears that if you set the he said the front name to your specific like there's a there's a logged in user from name and then there's your name and then like other Apparently now if you even said it to yes your name it acts as logged in user.

I don't know if that's because we cloned a campaign or what forget was. Did it a day I didn't test it fully enough. I assumed to have done it. Right and that's my fault. So yeah.

All right. So here's what I have on my list. Tell me if they have any about anybody has anything to add to it. I want to talk about virtual attendees at this next top one and anything else top one of that related for this October which is just a handful of weeks away. Very exciting.

I want to talk about decade plus, uh partner launch the E. I want to do a little trouble suiting on email persuasion and then at some point between 12:30 and one will get into driven and hopefully Michael can join us. They have anything else you need to add to that agenda. So he's good. Okay.

So before we talk about virtual attendees are top one event in October blender any concerns anything you need from the team or is everything looking mighty fine. Everything's looking fine. Not mighty fine. Just fine. Okay.

You said you said enough you said enough? Okay. So as you saw in the thread Peter Eric was asking about virtual and just really challenges to you know, now that we're out of it people are coming again just about possibly we're visiting it. So what we do want is we are going to offer a virtual next time. We're not gonna be who thought about it a couple people we know that can't make it because of travel or health AKA bronze.

All right, Peter Eric, what's this who is renewing as well as a you know, if Clayton Clinton has a newborn is coming from Australia if you can't travel And we'll deal with. The well, what does this look like going forward after the fact for now? We just want to try one more time of doing a slight iteration on what it's like to have people virtually live and how it goes. And so here's what I want to see happen in London. I'd like to see work with Chris on this and you might need to tell you a little bit as well.

But especially since Chris will be there at our top one experiences. Number one visually, so the last time we did a virtual top on it was like the big board behind us and then like half, you know, it started off and there were six people and they were all waving and then it was like three and then it was like two and then have that camera on and somebody was sleeping. So we're not gonna do that. Right? So we're going to have whoever it is.

I'm assuming it'll be either Chris or lazy. He's gonna be at the round table, right? So somewhere in the big you around people will be sitting and they'll just be a modern behind. Okay, so that it's not like this focal point of like and let's check in at the virtual book virtual virtual right? We're not going to do that.

Right? So it's almost like that person is gonna function as a concierge or coach for the people who are on virtually right? Whether it's one person two people three people. Whatever it may be that way if they want to make comments. It can make comments.

If they want to ask a question. They can ask a question and very important that you explain to them. Glenda is that the expectation is your Christmas not cover this your camera ready? You plan to attend the whole event and you're alert right. So if we're gonna have somebody there if we're gonna have the stuff there like they need to treat it with the same respect as if they were in the room.

So not just like yeah, maybe I'll pop in. Yeah, like, you know, and let's see because the point is if we're gonna do this ongoing we're gonna do it with a level of of seriousness and not just like yeah, we'll throw something on you pop in and out like fall asleep on the camera. Like I know the hours are funky but you know what you travel overseas and you figure out your clock if you want to be here virtually and if they're like, well that's hard. No problem get the recorders. But if you want to be in the virtual chairs, you need to treat it as if you run the room.

Chris yeah, yeah a couple things just food for thought right? I I don't think we should call the coach number one because they're not a coach right false expectations and I got no reason why we should do that really all the person is doing exactly what Lizzie did last time. I don't think there's really much different the only difference right? It was different. It's different like well, first of all, there was a difference last time Lizzie was managing slides all you know doing different stuff.

I'm talking about having a dedicated purse right that is there physical person in the room you yeah. Yeah. Not for the whole event right now. It's not like this if anybody's Arrested Development fan not like they're gonna walk around with the laptop attached that her head to dinner and be like, so what do you want me to eat and tell you right? It's just during the presentations which is the first half of those three days.

I mean there may not include them in the hot seat session. Probably not maybe we'll talk about it. But yeah, right. Yeah. Well a couple things right would would just simply change the Rules of Engagement which is hey you got to show up.

You got to have you got to be camera ready, right? You got to show up for the whole thing. Right? I mean the placement of where it's at and how we did it how much of a difference with that make you know, I mean like how much of what we're talking about is what we didn't like about doing it last time was just simply the fact that people aren't showing up. Like I think that would have still gonna die tonight virtual experience if everybody showed up and everybody's camera ready like I don't I mean other than obviously we had Audio issues and some other things.

No, it doesn't have to be it doesn't have to be that much different than last time other than the fact that we set the expectations. We have somebody who's just focused on those people and I don't want the focus to be on the virtual people. So I don't want a a monitor at the front of the room. Okay, and so not focused on the virtual right because again you like the whole focuses on being like number two dedicated. How do we Define Dedicated?

Because at one point I mean, you know, you're not gonna have somebody chatting with them back and forth. The whole point is that they're engaged in it not in a separate little it's it's like it's like they're all muted man. If they want to ask a question. They got to raise their hand and Lizzy's got to unmute them kind of thing. That's it.

And that's what I'm saying is is we rather than making more complicated Lizzy did it last time and she crushed it, you know, and that's kind of where I'm getting like what It will cross crushed it based on what I mean. Well, I don't know they convertible attendees it virtual. Did they come to London say that was amazing. I loved it. No, can I try men on this?

Because then we think about the whole when we had this last time. We had a whole AV team that was Manning like that and Lizzie was handling like the questions. But then now Lizzie's also in charge of doing all of the slides. She's constantly like she has to be by the the screens or the projector because she's like dealing with that. She does the timer she does all that.

So I don't know if she's gonna be able I mean, I'm not sure how this is gonna work. Logistically. That's right. Yeah, so I would want yeah, I don't want her distracted from the main event. And that's why I said Chris.

That's something you know you could do. Okay, and how is it gonna work? I know you said a monitor. But how are we gonna I'm not sure like how that's gonna attack wise. I don't know how that all works.

But but again, you know, we're not we just need to have I mean if I if nobody showed off I would literally get my my my laptop. I flip it open. I would put it on Zoom. I would put it in your butt on my ear and I would be ready to go. Do you know what I'm saying?

Yeah, but you also gotta remember like you know, Glenn is right, like, you know part of the reason we had the AV team last time was primarily for for sound right. So the people on the virtual aren't gonna be able to hear crap from the other endees if it's all coming through one person's laptop streaming the entire event which again would be bootstrap and things one day. I didn't realize that that was basing it all on the last experience, right? That's why I was saying Lizzy was out was it was too experience. It was two or three experiences last October.

It was last year. Well, that's the last time I was there. So I I mean, you know, I took there's a lot of money online experience to get it so look and feel that smooth. And so, you know, if we're gonna do it, it's like should we bootstrap it? And our first go ahead is good last time was you know, right people were awake and people actually showed up I said that wasn't that wasn't a terrible experience.

If they would have actually showed up in the experience, right you get even mimic that is gonna require a lot. And so what I would hate to have happened one thing it's gonna happen, but just concern what that is mentioning and I think you know pointing to which it is, you know, we do strap it that could be a really really rocky rocky rocky experience both for them and both for us, right and so we don't want to complicated. It's like we're gonna do it. Let's do it. Well you none of us are AV guys.

And so I think it would require some some research to make sure that it's actually a smooth experience. They can hear what's happening so that they can actually engage it's like we want them to sit around and listen to it. Up, right and honestly, all I care about them hearing is the speaker at the front of the room. So part of what was Complexified last time was like man, we want everybody to hear them in the room. And it's like dude.

Let's take let's be a little more realistic here. And so I I really the question is I don't understand again. I'm not a baby guy either but I don't see why whatever is be piped into a Hobbies computer can't also be connected to the audio connection on Zoom. You know what I'm saying? It's not like he's recording the audio to like an eight track real he's retort recording it to digital.

I don't know why that's not possible. But that's a question you and going to configure it out. Like I you know, if you guys say hey, we have to spend extra 500 bucks an extra thousand bucks 1500 bucks. That's fine, but I certainly don't want to spend an extra five or ten Grand on Virtual. Okay.

Yeah, because that are already I think microphones. We don't also want happening is we you know, we relaying where it's like so so and so is asking this question and they're like no. No, it's not like that and you guys are asking questions, but I have no idea right so, you know because you're a musician right hearing the attendees, that's a whole separate set of stuff. Right and that might not be that might not be possible. Right?

That might be like, okay. So Bob has a question. His question is, you know, if you're doing this for a low ticket or high in front and how does that change and the truth of the matter is that's a good thing because a lot of times is Teddy knows people. Ask questions don't even know what they're asking and I I spend five minutes just translating their question into something that makes sense in this value. And so on you but but in all honesty dude, like like if that's the if that's the case if we're gonna say that the questions and the discussions that happen in the room are are not what's important.

Then you might as well just give them the recordings like yeah. What is the point? I think the point is that they can number one that can ask questions live. and number two, but if they so even if they ask question then are you saying that they ask a question that the only person they're going to get the answer from is the speaker because if if Jim answers the question for them. They're not gonna hear his answer.

Somebody's got to translate what he said. Right and the complexity the complexity wait, are you guys talking about them speaking through the monitor as well? It's going to be like interactive. Is that what you mean? Or is it just that they hear and they type their question and Chris is the one that Moderates that is that is that no great question.

So there are three things. There are three things that I came up so far can the virtual attendee hear the speaker? Can the virtual attendee? Speak to other people hear other people in the room can the virtual attendee speak to the people in the room? So we have to decide are we trying to offer all those three functionalities?

If so, how does that work? Well, yeah back to what Teddy was saying, right? If all they can do is just hear it might as well get the recording right the only way it would be worth while to jump on a virtual, you know, Mastermind is to actually be engaged and so engagement to me actually means both ways, right? I need to be able to ask, you know, ask a question and then actually hear all the answer and even with an AV team with thousands of dollars. We couldn't even get the picking up the in the mic actually picking things up correctly.

Not that we couldn't do a Jambox but you know, obviously we need to wait change the way that we conduct a meeting in a way where nobody answers anything out of order and and so there is a lot more that I think will go but I got it you guys are asking the right questions. Gross and Glenda come up with a solution. Okay. And it's I'm not talking out of it because it's just it's not a problem that four people have to solve. um come up with a solution together.

Okay, and if that is postponing until next event is at an option because now we get we're doing this within a month. I don't know a month. We're three weeks away three weeks away. So that's what my concern is right now that I'm really concerned with that I ask you. I'm going to right does you get your chance to be the voice the voice of tybreaking wisdom here.

Um, I feel like While wouldn't be perfect, I would figure out some iteration to tasks so that as we go into the new year in addition to a new space. We could potentially go back to some people we could connect more people. And so I think it is important to at least do a small drive on we could set little to no expectation of hey, this is just a pilot. We might not even do this. But if you did want to sit in live, like I told nobody's paying for it.

Nobody expected it and so my my thing is, I feel like we can do something since we only have three events a year rather than pushing it off or another four or five months, Teddy. I mean, you know, I think it's if we position it as like hey, there's gonna be you know, it's gonna be a camera and a mic in the room and you can basically watch then then that's fine right then that but that's really what it's gonna be. But if you're saying you want to give them this amazing virtual experience, that's not what this is gonna do about I'm definitely not saying that at all, I never said amazing virtual experience. What all recording. Yeah.

I'm just say but General we try to make the experience amazing forever. Your goal is to come up with a minimum at least a minimum bile expression so we can try it one more time with some variations for next time and you know without spending by the 10 grand. Okay, but it's require money to make it any anywhere because again, if is there what worry just hear me out does this is my way I just I feel like I'm I'm bringing this bringing this around if we do something halfway. It's like and we're gonna base that on like we're gonna base our decision to go forward on something. That's Half Baked.

It's like I can already tell you that by the end of it. It's made man. I was Rocky experience. I really wasn't great like they couldn't pick up anything the audio was there what's like we shouldn't do this again and like when it really is a good idea if we took the time like not three weeks before our major event if it's kind of research and say hey, how can we do this? Oh geez, how can we do this at a lower cost?

You know not spending 10,000. I'm not good just hear me out. And so My worry is us doing it Half Baked is gonna it's gonna be like do what? It's like do show show who what like just to be able to watch something at best might be the equal maybe as good as the recordings that they're gonna get and and again, I don't know the answer to them just saying If that is what we find that we can produce well in three weeks, I would hate for that to even be a precursor. Like why not just say hey, I know in four months we can do this exceptionally well and not gonna Park and do at least as good as the AV team like that's a way better.

That's a stronger thing to go into the next mansion on and say hey this yeah, we're basically rolling, you know, we're doing it again. We can invite people we don't know we're doing it but we have much more prep time to do it and at least do it. Well, that's my turn. so We did something before and we've done streams and iterations of streams for years at different events. So this isn't like I'm not like hey, I want something where they could smell all the people in the room.

We're not inventing some some journey to a planet. We've never Voyage to we've done streams and videos. We haven't AV teams have Okay, that's fine. Then figure out how to work with AV team to come up with a minimum viable. You know, it doesn't have to be where you know, like Talk to Harvey talk to whatever and figure out like what are the options to get this done?

Without paying them to do it just again if there's if there's a small additional fee. I don't want to how much we spend it for a virtual last time Linda. It was over 13 Grand. Yeah, no how much how much does it cost to have one of those virtual people that aren't attending? Live in the room if those people were coming in live for all four events in a year three events in a year.

How much will we spend on them being there? Like like what's that worth is what I'm saying is like we're putting this. We're not spending any money on this but we're saving so much money by them not being there physically like You just signed Peter because he could attend live. No, that's not true. No, it's on Peter because he could attend live.

I told them we would try it, but that's not how I signed. Okay. So it's different right? If I have five people willing to sign up for a year. Virtually.

We have 200 Grand Revenue say, yeah, you know, what going on, but I mean that is the case. We do five people you got bronze you got Problems and clay and Bronson and say she's not renewing if she can't come to a virtual stream. No, I'm saying is you're not you're not you're not having the expensive having them there in person. So I don't know what that expense is per attendee typically, but oh God, you got you got you what does that expense per attendee Wanda? So let me see what the exact question is because I'm a little confused as to what you're saying Teddy if bronze came or bronze did if bronze physically came how much additional expense would you would have cost for her to physically be there?

Very smart questions Eddie what we averaged out. I would say like 500 per event per person. with the food included and basing it on off of meals with what we pay for and then like their swag and stuff like that. Okay, maybe a little bit over five like 600 I would say right so we're not talking three grand a person 600 bucks. So if they're free or talking to to Grand altogether for the four people that aren't coming right so that would be on virtually would save us to Grand correct, which is why so so spending two grand three grand four grand to run a test on game for not willing to spend 13 Grand or anything close to it 100% agree.

So so yes, I'm willing to spend more. No, we're not promising an amazing the most amazing virtual holographic in person experience. We're just saying hey, you can listen to it live and ask some questions and again nobody's even paying for this. This is not promising the program. It says, hey, we're considering possibly offering this in the future.

So if you'd like to sit in, As long as you're willing to be there for the whole experience, you can sit it. That's it. Okay, and Chris, I would just say like with the same with everything else that we've been doing lately like, you know, if if it's a matter of their certain equipment or mics or whatever. We need great. Tell us what they are.

We'll buy them. You just they could the AV team connects them and makes it work right but so now we own the equipment for the next event. Yeah hundred percent. Yeah, there was that boom mic that we talked about before that. You can throw it back and forth.

So I think that could be something that we we may be test out as well. But and are they speaking through because I'm still trying to listen we got. Oh, I have a hard stop at one. We have to talk with Michael. So just Chris and Glenda come up with a solution.

Worst case scenario. We'll talk on level 10 in a week. If you have something sooner and you want to hop on a call. Just let us know in the four of us all. Cool, right you what we'll schedule a time and we'll hammer it out.

All right, um dude, like we could do this we could figure it out we can do it. And again, it's almost it's positioned the right way. We're not saying hey, you know the ultimate top one virtual in the you know, like we just say, hey, we're gonna try letting members view things live and possibly participate. If you'd like to do that instead of the recording you could be one of our Space Monkeys. But we're not we're not committing to adding this to the program period in the story.

Okay low expectations. little to no expectations All right. Now I feel bad because Chris is always like you're so much more patient these days. That he used to be I think we asked I think we asked good questions. Right?

I mean it's that we got a challenge ideas and and look you raise good questions. You raise good points, I get it on and so now we take this we take that now we got a we got to come up with a solution. Um, so decade plus swipe file the couple people Teddy. This guy's gonna be out. I have not heard from him.

So we're gonna count him as how You're Colin and David. Did you send over that email Teddy? No, I was real today. Okay. Yeah, and please see me as well.

Yeah, and then again and also if you could just secure omelette richest team, I did something out to Rich ICC Matt and Kim they didn't reply. I just know I don't know if they just never reply to things but well, so, what did you I mean Did Todd speak with Rich already? Yeah, he did. Okay. Yeah then so Michelle's the one who you want to deal with and that stuff going forward then.

Okay what she's like she's already got I already blocked it out and count. I had her blocking out the calendar and all that stuff. Anyways, okay, let me almost What's up? Oh, yeah, Michelle. Okay, I got her Michelle Michelle Madison, right?

Yep. Okay. Well, then it was sent over and I I just thought someone would reply. Oh cool got it. She was thanks buddy.

Okay. All right. Todd is working away at that. All our sweat files are in production. We will do an internal launch an external launch and then go on to those two days those first two days apart open Todd is available to do interviews Facebook Hangouts, whatever to support partners.

And so our personal Kevin. I'm sure we'll get some more coming forward. Okay. All right. So Chris, would you be still kind is to please message Michael and see when he's available for driven?

He's on a call right now. I doubt he's gonna answer. Okay, then let's talk. Let's talk about driven. And then let's hop into email persuasion.

So, you know preservation first because there's a chance that he may endure on. So here's here's my you know, so let's let's take a look at this. Okay, so email persuasion right? So we have this lead magnet. Generate 747 leads lead cost is coming in around four bucks, which is fantabulous.

However, the thank you page offers only converted for right one of these is our friend at cybermedia marketing and so we only converted four on 700. So it's not even we're not even at one percent. The follow-up campaign is getting not okay 40% open. That's not a killer open rate, Teddy. No, there's no average.

That is not. Okay. So we're getting average. Open rates, the clicks certainly are click rates are really really crummy and low. Um, however what I also noticed Teddy is I opted in and I don't know if we want to run a test with Chris right now on this but I opted when I sent myself a test broadcast of some of these emails.

The email I got the time or said I have four days left, but when I click the link the page redirected me. And I forwarded that email to another Gmail to a different Gmail address on a different browser and when I went the page was still expired. And so the first thing I'm asking is is there a chance to some sort of timer issue and people are hitting the page and not actually getting to see the page. So that so well two things one with deadline funnel. There's no easy way to tell if that's the case and two you can't you can't beat deadline funnel by just using a different email or a different browser.

That's not you're not gonna beat it. Okay. So Chris, I need you to please have you and Jay shell troubleshoot this funnel. Okay. And and what exactly are we trouble shooting your troubleshooting when you opt in are you getting to the order form on sales page when you click?

Is it going to the order form and what most importantly when you get following emails? Oh, I want to make sure definition it done as clarified when you up then one. What's the first point you're seeing that page offer you. Offer what do you say 30? What?

37 dollar offer for email persuasion and conversion triggers Okay, number two. That when you clicked or no issues ordering meaning you go to the order form, whatever the case or the order form might be on the page. Ordering, okay. number three is When you get the follow-up emails. Are those follow-up emails when you click them and it says there's two hours left and you click are you going to a page where you can still order or you're going to a page that's expired and getting redirected.

You always right. I to What you're gonna need great you're gonna need to the login to deadline funnel to be able to clear your account so you can properly test it. So it's If you've already been through it. You need it. Um, the other thing is Teddy and you should yeah shoot me a instructions on how to do that Yeah, so if we look here Teddy so we have 747 people opted in.

uniques made it to the sales page. First of all, how is that possible? And could be there being tracked as different devices or I mean they're coming there from the from the email. There's no traffic. There's no retargeting or directly to the sales page.

Okay. and then if we look here it looks like okay. We have 50 clicks here, you know hundred twenty. So this 411 clicks this includes the lead magnet delivery, correct? It's everything.

Right, so 289 clicks from here. Okay. and so Yeah, I mean look I put up a video to split test because when I was creating the videos like all right, the numbers are bad, but they're not terrible. But the numbers now are officially terrible assuming there's not a tech glitch. Um What are your thoughts Teddy do you feel like because the the offers certainly congruent?

Uh, you know the thought of like well, hey, maybe we just need to be clear that we're giving them what we promised and the page should be more structured as a step one. Here's your subject line swipe off. Click it download it blah blah blah blah and then step two is you know, Watch this, you know special video. It's directly affects you, you know. Yeah, well, so going back to what I'm saying earlier in slack.

So, you know again, I don't know. I don't know that a $39 offer needs a and an eight minute vsl specially if the whole offers on the page already. I'm not going to watch the video right no point for me to watch the video and and I don't know that there's any point in. I mean we can certainly test vsl only versus versus copy only. Yeah, probably the first test I would make but I don't think that the vso only will.

My vote would be on on the copy only. I think it's I think it's interesting that the I'm wondering if it's the right offer in maybe John was on a sun because frankly the the 8C 8 sequences down cells converting just as good as the as the first offer almost. Right. It's like there were five five buyers for for real buyers of of the main thing and almost all of them bought the eight sequences down. So maybe that's a better offer.

Yeah, okay. Um. Why don't we have? Why don't we try this page? I agree because I feel like look, you know, you're never gonna turn a loser into a winner.

You'll turn somebody, you know, somebody who's decent into a home run but this thing is clearly a loser. Or at least in its current it's just not even close. I don't think it's a matter of like man. If we just changed a button color this thing will crush right? We got we've shown it to all these people.

Um, and so we could still leave the follow-up sequence the same for now, um, why let's leave the follow-up sequence the same for now because it's still relates, but let's make the Oto this I don't even I don't even care if you disabled the rest of the pages right now. It's not like we're converting anything Teddy and just put a little Banner at the top that says Ah, you know, you are your email subject opener PDF has been sent to your email right just say success. So they don't have any doubt that we've like, you know, I don't even want to like check your email and seven to 10 minutes what like the email has to be prepared by Mr. Email and put in an envelope. I just say, you know success your email subject on PDF is now in your inbox.

And then let's try this, okay. Okay. It might just be that really hot looking graphic that something created. um Now Teddy, what are your thoughts on why the click rates are so monster monstrously bad. What do you mean monstrously bad?

They're terrible a click rates are are like, what based on what dude? But like what based on the fact that when I ran email for years, I would see usually a 15 to 20% click rate based on open. So on 235 opens, I see about you know, 20 to 40 clicks are our average click rate is 1.7 1.8% So you're saying to click rates are not an issue. I'm not range saying they're average, right? Yeah, and the fact that the the first one is is 8.3% Yeah, that's It's kind of the ballpark.

Like that's that's our that's above our high our Highest click-through rate was has been over the past year. That's past week. This is May. Yeah. Oh 8.8% was the highest.

Right in a long time. Glenn do you want to yell at me too? Because everybody on the team just seems to yell at I yelling at you. Yeah. Okay.

I say it out of respect now, I don't want I don't want a bunch of cow Towers. Um, so yeah, okay. Let's look we're gonna get the majority of our sales immediately after people out then most of the time and so let's start with Chris checking the follow-up making sure the follow-up is functioning. The deadline isn't sending you to an expired page and then Teddy let's start by putting the that eight sequences as the new down cell and we're getting a hundred leads every two days. We'll know pretty darn quickly.

What do you want Chris to test then if I'm changing the entire phone? Are what? We're still going to have the follow-up emails. Okay, right for now, we're gonna leave that follow-up campaign up because it's a follow-up campaign to email subject lineups. Okay.

So the followers of the emails are still going to go to that fit page, but then no upsells if they so if they buy from the emails no upsells. Just if they buy from the email just leave it the same like let's not start. Let's change this little as possible for the four buyers. We've gotten out of 800 leads in two weeks. I'm not worried about confusing two or three buyers.

Like we'll fix it when we fix it. Yeah fair enough, okay. Okay, so we're super clear on that. Yep. Okay, so let's talk about driven.

Okay, so what is what is their issue? ah So honestly, I was adding an event and so I I did fully read it, but they just sent an email and said hey. Here a couple things before we start a few items in the funnel. It need to be addressed. The download confirmation email is not complete.

So what the download so it's in the it's in the thread I could show to the download confirmation email is not complete. Sure. I don't know if not completely means it's not active not completely means there's no link to download it. I don't know what they're talking about. So, let me see.

As far as I see in the secrets, they're in confirmation, you know. Did you do? Okay. to Okay. here Okay.

So yeah, so I don't so I think the problem is that I don't see the screen. So this was the email follow-up campaign. There's not actually, you know, there's a it's all starts with message consumption. There's not an actual download email in here. As far as I can see right all emails your campaign.

All right, so and in sequence Thank you page, right. Thank you emails. Yeah never was marked as started or done or okay. All right. So the type as I was assigned to her.

Like it wasn't for us to do okay. if are All right for now listen, just to make it simple. I'm going to tell we'll put place or hold generic placeholder, right? So just put in. Wherever whatever it is, Teddy like here is your download.

And just give them a link to the download. Okay, here's the download you requested and then yeah, please send over coffee input and meantime. Standard confirmation email for you with download Flex. Okay, great. And then in the seven day nurture there were Two emails at the end that needed input from her.

So again, these are at the end so it doesn't even really matter but So this basically getting captivation live for 19 dollars, like, you know, they don't have they don't have this offer set up in their system. I didn't want to add it to their system because this is their idea. I don't know who's I do have no idea dude. I copied and pasted what you guys sent me. Yeah.

Um, yeah, we kind of need Michael for this. Let me see please. Chris you're muted if you're trying to talk. Wow, that that is hilarious. How many things I've said and there's like a perfect space that I thought you guys heard me that's funny.

Um watch wasn't meant to be heard. I so my collection posted it posted a drive link that addresses some of the questions he has if we want to if we want to get on that or if you want to go over it with him on the call up to you guys. Okay. where Is that email 7? Oh get rid of email seven.

Yes, this this addresses those two. Don't play offering terms yet. Get rid of email 7. Basically here. Hold on.

I actually wrote him in response to this at that point and I rephrase it and he said that's what he meant to say. I said if you don't plan on offering better terms get rid of the email 7 and edit email 8, that's what he means by that way. So I didn't have in the MLA is focused on well. Yeah, so that that all so is a downsell off it is a right Yeah, so here's what we need to do. We just need to hop on a call.

I don't want to I don't want to chance we've gone through a lot of work and Hoops to do this. Upon a call with who? Need to hop on a call with that but yes model neck is then not us. Yeah, yeah. It probably wouldn't hurt to at least get Michael to mention anything that might help with that conversation.

Unless you want Michael on that conversation. No, I'll probably have you guys there but everybody will be off camera and muted because I don't want them. All right. Yeah, they're yeah. But it may help you with the conversation just to have Michael maybe say a couple words that might bring some clarity unless about what you just said.

Think about what you just said. Michael on the call to talk with him before you jump on a call with Suzanne. Oh, Michael talk. Okay. Yeah.

Okay. Yeah. I'm just saying just unless there's a couple things you might say. Actually here's another question and it you know, we want that one phone call with Suzanne to be just one phone call. but also keep in mind like, you know, all this stuff is a lot of beyond the scope work too, right because a new product needs to be created and you order form needs to be created.

Yeah. Yeah. No, we're not doing that. So so just for now just put in that placeholder confirmation email tidy that oh, that's all you need to do. That's fun.

that I can Oh. There you goes. Okay, Michael's jumping on. He's jumping on you said yep. All right.

Well Chris, I do have to I have a call Lucas and Jim. So if you guys can continue with Michael try to make sense of anything that needs to be made sense of What I think this is actually gonna help you with your call with Suzanne. So, all right. Well, I have like I have like two minutes I could tell Jim I'm running a couple minutes behind, okay. Where is he?

I said link to call I dropped in there. Jumping on you. Hope there is. Hey, Michael. Hey, how's it going?

Good got appreciate you hopping on I'm back to back like you are today. So I only have a couple minutes, but I want to hop on about the Suzanne stuff. I'm gonna get them on the phone in a little bit. but there were a couple things they had questions about. So the first thing is they said the download confirmation emails not complete.

No problem. Teddy's gonna put in just a generic placeholder email make sure that links to the downloads yesterday. Yes. And then if they want to spice it up, they could spice and Spruce it all they want. They're two emails in the convergence sequence are not published that's based on offering the down sell offer offering a cheaper discount, right?

Yeah, correct. What's I assume? We're not their idea or your idea. That was my idea. That was just I you know, I had no guidance.

This was way back. And I was just following our system. You know. I started with getting them to. The first few emails were consumption emails, right?

And then the next ones were you know? Changing messing around with the terms. That's typically what we do. That's you know, I just going by Todd suggestions in his sequence. And that was it.

Yeah, and I I figured they would read them and say no we hate that. But I never heard anything. So yeah, so I don't want to have the the complexity right, you know right now again, you know, this has been a you know. Like trying to get a bunch of penguins to get onto a public bus. and so I want to really make this simple and I'm not saying you're thinking is off.

I'm just shooting for simple right now. That's fine. And so can we tweak the copy and those last two emails? Yeah, and just having the urgency driven. Sure, you know have the you know have the second last one be like hey.

Last Chance the last one could just be like, bye-bye, you know like hey, you know. You know, I don't believe in, you know beating at that horse blah, you know what I'm saying? Yep, right, you're getting this you're getting this you're getting a guarantee. It's a ridiculous offer. I'm not really sure what else I could say not for you.

No hard feelings. But this is your very very last chance you want to do this do this now? All right, and a few of emails make statements like PPS as soon as you enroll you get access to the entire program monthly profit plan. So, can we just delete those out Teddy? those references Yeah, you want me to do it or Michael do it Michael's infusion?

That's fine. I can do it. Okay. now did so one day when they get the lead magnet, where does where is that delivered? Lead magnet.

Yeah, I was at the left like the lead magnet that is on the opt-in page. I'm just gonna like link directly to I'll link directly to the PDF. Okay, and what else do they get do they get anything else or is it just the lead magnet? So you're gonna have three links? In in the in that confirmation email one to the audio one to the PDF and one to the sales page.

I didn't know there was all that to it. I thought it was just exactly, so that's Mm-hmm that I mean, it's it's in the driven ink if you've scroll up a bit, you know where we were talking about the lead magnet. I mean, I've got the links and stuff, but that seems like a lot to cram into a confirmation email. Well, what really want them to do is go to the sales page create lead magnet, which would be some sort of PDF. You know.

So, where are you saying that there's always other stuff. That the league the lead magnet the PDF and the video and I'm sorry the audio that goes with it. Are inside of the driven ink slack Channel. That's I think that's where Damian posted them. It's just so Damian posted them.

Are you posted who created Amy and posted them in the slack Channel? driven slack Channel guys cannot can I get on with Jim and Lucas? Do you think you guys can take it from here? Yes. thank you today and thank I I as somebody who leads a team, I always say I appreciate you because Right.

We all have a job. We all have a job and a role to play and so it's not thank you. Nobody's doing anybody favors, but thank you because I know this has been a pain in the butt. And so appreciate you guys pulling together to you know, do right by the client and yeah. You can take us by not doing it again.

Right, so I'll have to dig through here and oh there it is. Audio driven girls model. lead magnet Okay, so it's just an audio and a PDF. I mean just audio on a PDF is all that is um associated with the lead magnet itself. I don't believe I built the page for it, but maybe So if there is a page, then there's going to have to be some kind of words on that page to get them to go to the sales page, right?

Because it it's kind of weird that you have an E5 sales letter and a lead male because they're both lead magnets, right? So I it's kind of confusing. No, there was there was no page for it. so this page So the option is somehow we could deliver the lead magnet on that sales page. You know I kind of listed in in those.

those possibilities That means that the sales page would have to be Rewritten and Suzanne's already approved it. which she approved like I don't know. Maybe a month before she decided she wanted to lead magnet I get I lose track man. Yeah, I wouldn't change this. Mm-hmm.

That's the convert anyways, but yeah, um So I mean, which would you what do you prefer? I mean obviously at this point if it's critical this thing could be done today. I'd rather just put two links in the email and be done with it. You should do that. I mean I wasn't maybe can you add a link in the PDF for the audio?

Is that possible? I mean, I don't have the original of the whoever created the PDF would need to do that. I don't know. Yeah Suzanne did that. Maybe I could do that.

Maybe I could. Because I have all this Adobe stuff. I could probably put the link. In that PDF so that we would only need one link for the lead magnet and one link for the sales page. instead of two links, so I well I mean like look to what What Damian decided was right now that this confirmation email just gives them the download like so we're gonna add other copy to get into the sales page.

Then you're gonna have to give me that right. So if you want to I found this one which was something else that she had to download for you want to rework this email. to be both because that's that's the other part right is like all right, so they get that they get this download confirmation then. This this is the other thing that's confusing about this. Funnel is there.

There's the there's the seven there's seven. There's this email message consumption sequence and there's a cart abandoned sequence. Well, you know, typically the cart abandoned sequence starts as soon as they opt in and So from that standpoint this campaign doesn't even really make that much sense. Yeah, I know a cart abandoned sequence for a lead magnet. Yeah, that's weird.

No. No, that's not the deal issue the issues it should be The the confirmation the issue is a seven day nurture what this is what we typically never do. Typically, it's they opt in great. Here's your thing. You basically didn't you saw the offer because that's what we took you to immediately but you didn't buy so now we basically only have the cart van and firing if they actually go to the order form page and the sales page which is fine, but I only had to do that because They had both of these.

Oh, typically we wouldn't we would never typically do this there would be there might be a seven day card abandon sequence. That's basically like by the offer by the offer by the offer by the offer. It's fine. I wouldn't change it at this point. Now it is is what it is at this point, but But that's confirmation and then the seven day nurture basically starts the following day.

It's gonna wait till the next day. Okay. So would you like me to fix that PDF so that it includes? In a link to the audio in the PDF. So that you only need one link.

and I'm personally care whether it's one Linker like for me I don't but just I If you can if you can fix the PDF in five minutes fix it, otherwise just put two links in the email like there's no sense to. Okay. All right. Son, she should have done to be completely honest with you. Like she was supposed she was supposed to write this email not us that was assigned to her.

And why I think that's really important. Hopefully that gets addressed so that the expectation is and on us for that. You know again, we did what we were expected to do. But yeah, I I agree but yeah, Chris, but all right, so but just let's be fair right like so if that's the case then like all the stuff that's not started. Like none of this stuff should have happened until there's not started stuff was done and most of the not started stuff was hard.

Remember. We we scratched the the notion right and ended up going to Damian's emails back and forth and we based everything in the channel base Sunday means emails and so it we we morphed and changed multiple times as things this is what happens when we do that. Yes. Oh agreed and you know that yeah, that was my arm on that. I'm with you.

Yeah, that's why I I put everything in here so that we we have that but nonetheless, you know, we're here let's do our best to fix it. And so yeah five minutes to last for that. I see what you're saying do links. So just Michael just confirmation email. Okay, I can go back in and put it in the links to the actual files later.

Uh, and then seven-day nurture. There's just those two emails at the end, I guess. Okay was this one? There's other other emails have to be fixed as well because there's more than those last two that reference the that. extra bonus, which she's not going to include Yeah, go here and look for this image.

Yeah, so I'm not under supposed to be an image here. I don't know what that image is supposed to be. it was in the well, I know it was in the Google Doc. Oh, there's okay. All right, so, I guess that sounds good.

and here Yeah, email number four day four. references of bonus which she's not adding Yeah, and this one just says and email five. Does that as well? Well and email six email four five and six all reference a bonus that they're not getting. in the cart abandon No, no, you're looking at cart abandon.

I apologize. No. So the cart abandon is just this last email was five, which is a 50% discount full details here. I could say we just don't use this one. That's fine.

So cart abandoned emails are okay, correct? Except for that last one. Okay, and what's wrong with the last one? Talking about a 50% Okay offer and says full details here. Well Okay.

Got it. All right. So one two. So, let me just four Bandits. So I've got five emails to redo.

confirmation confirmation to in the seven day I think just three where do you five? Actually, you know, you know how to solve that. You know, how we solve this. The confirmation email we're just going out to we're gonna like to a Google drive folder that's got both files in it done. It's going to a folder.

link to a folder or zip file either way. Oh got it. Got it. Oh, okay. So in fact actually already in a Google drive folder, so I guess that same link.

All right, Damian like this public. That's perfect. And number two there just ignore that. so if I sales letter with Graphics run the lead magnet. What does that mean?

Which one are you looking at? Yeah number two, would you say yeah for just ignore it disregard. Mm-hmm. I mean it sells letter hash Graphics from lead magnet. Yeah, but they're not exactly like the ones in the lead magnet.

That's all God. But she's already approved. She's already approved those graphics and the copy so Sorry, it's all about edible. six Okay. Yeah, so I've got one two three, four five I'll do the emails in steps three through seven and also the abandoned cart one that needs to be fixed.

and then I'll put and then I'll put the both of those lead magnet links into the into the folder not well, you're just gonna have one link one link to the folder in the confirmation. That's okay. Is that link already in that confirmation email? Just I just I just made a comment and slack for Damien to make it public. Okay copied you on so got it.

All right, so I got to get busy. Well, is there Chris is there a Is there a deadline for this estimated time of it's like end of work day today or is it? Yeah, I would say and and it worked he said a couple hours but he's still gonna jump on a call with them. So I would say and it work day today. Okay.

Well, I mean I'm gonna do it now. I just Yeah, I didn't know how urgent like what what you promised her or anything. Yeah, I I just I mean you're already doing now so that that works. So I think we're I think we're good on that and today but sooner the better and then just obviously a lot of let everybody know and the channel once you're done. Okay, and then we're gonna jump I assume we're gonna jump all jump on a call possibly with her.

That's what Damian said, so he'll keep us posted on that. Okay. Do you know when that's going to be? I I don't know. Okay, so I might miss that call depending on if it's like at midnight or something or yeah my time.

Yeah, you're outside on that. No worries on that cool. Well anything comes up obviously that channels for this in particular. So I think I think we're good. Is it really good?

I'm good, man. Okay, cool. Alrighty guys, I will see you guys on the on the field later. Okay. Take care.

See you later, Teddy. Yeah, but feel better man. Thanks man. Appreciate it.
