---
title: "Level 10 2023-10-30 15:29:44"
date: 2023-10-30
duration: 22m
duration_seconds: 1378
vimeo_id: 879461619
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-10-30 15:29:44

**Date:** 2023-10-30 | **Duration:** 22m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hello? Hello. Oh, let's see if Damien's wearing a hat. Oh yeah, baby. What hat everybody else wearing, like grab them.

Is your, is it top one hat? Uh, mine is not, no. I got a box one. I usually wear the top one. That's usually the only one I wear, but I'm trying not to wear it out 'cause it's, this is true.

I've seen you wear it. So good. So how's everybody doing today? Good. Good.

Yeah. You look good, Chris. Thank you. Appreciate it. You Look, you look healthy.

You look relatively awake for Arizona time. Yeah. Well, hey, you know what? As long as I look it right, Listen man. Better to look, you know, gotta look the part.

It's where it starts, Man. Amen. Um, good man. So, uh, I hope everybody's doing, uh, super fantastic. I hope everybody's doing well.

Um, as you know, we're getting ready for, uh, the copy legends promo. Uh, buildup is starting today. Todd's actually gonna be hopping on in about five minutes, kind of to share some stuff with that. Um, just so everybody in and out Teddy knows the most about this. Chris and Glenny, you probably know just a little bit just to keep everybody in the loop.

But the idea is we're gonna run it very similar to the way he ran Agora Copy School, which is something called an NLS Narrative Lesson series, which is rather than just this regular promo, it's leaking out educational sort of story-based education, uh, over a series of six, seven lessons and then ultimately leading up to a cart open. And so, uh, Todd has choreographed this extremely well a couple times in the past. Our hope is that we can do the same, uh, for copy legends. We have partners promoting as well, which Jelle has done, uh, a fantastic job kind of opening up communication with 'em. Um, we've had, I don't know, probably almost nine out of 10 partners she's contacted so far.

We're like, yeah, cool. I'd love to promote it. Um, and so our goal is gonna be to hit, uh, 300 units at I think a 2,500 price point. Um, correct. Um, and so we'll be running cold traffic to that as well.

And so John is kind of queued up on his own URLs and tracking. And the idea is sort of similar if you think about the way we did the wealth of God promo, um, on the road to 300, we'll have three waves happen happening simultaneously. We'll have our houseless wave, we'll have our partner wave, and then we'll have our paid traffic wave. Um, and the goal is, you know, that together we'll get the right mix between the three that we'll be able to hit our 300. Um, and so that'll be that we'll be paying out, uh, a thousand per unit.

Uh, obviously that'll be prorated if they're on a pay plan, Chris. Um, but it'll be a thousand per unit, uh, to partners. And uh, that will be that, uh, we'll have, when You're saying a thousand per unit, you're saying just across the board full pay or payment plan? Or is it Just No, that's why I just said prorate. So a thousand No, No, I, I got that.

That's why I'm just making sure. A Thousand per unit. But obviously if there are pay plan, we're gonna pro prorate out the payment of the thousand. We're not gonna give 'em a thousand dollars on day one. And, and, and who are the partners?

Uh, the partners are gonna be people that were a copy legends. And so the Justin Goffs, rich Sherin, Benson, I just Wanna make sure I have a good list of of who's, who's gonna be actively promoting. You could communicate. Jay Shell can keep you updated with that as well. 'cause she's communicating with the partners.

Okay. Um, and then the goal will be we'll be running that, um, what's cart close on that Teddy? Is it November 10th or something like that? Uh, I think so. I think he is, I think the series is gonna be seven days.

I don't know Todd, I'll be out in a minute and have a better answer. Yeah, so, so we'll run to, let me see where our marking calendar is here. Calendar, uh, yeah. So we'll run to, uh, the, actually, sorry, I have us running till the week of the 13th. Uh, yeah.

Till the 13th of November. Yeah, so, so, and then we'll go right into the Black Friday. Uh, you know, buy 13, buy one, get 13 free bundle super bundle offer, uh, for Black Friday. Um, and so then we'll be, we'll get two promos in for November outside of Copy Legends. That'll help bring in that additional revenue, which will be nice.

Uh, and that will be that, but just keep your eyes just down the field on that. Okay, Chris? Um, it's a way away and we've, and the promos we're running are promos we've all, uh, run before and so, yeah. Okay. Um, and I'll uh, I'll talk to, uh, Maddie Light.

So you still thinking Teddy? I know, uh, I don't know. I don't know if you'd recommended it or I maybe we both recommended it, um, doing, uh, bot builders first week of December, you think? Sure. Yeah.

Converting well. Okay. Yeah, and it's, it's good 'cause it's at least completely, you know, we're gonna have hammered copy so much, it'll be good to hit something totally different, you know, I mean the, the other option, depending on where John's at would be promoting Benson, but Yeah, but we just promote Ben. I mean, I know we didn't promote Benson, but we've promoted on Right. Uh, and it's also copy related, so I don't think coming out of like, dude, learn from copy Masters to hey, get a piece of software so you don't have to learn copy anymore.

That would seem like a, a little bit of a jarring, uh, a jarring transition. Uh, not that I'm not against promoting, uh, Benson, just I wouldn't wanna do it this second. Um, okay, so I'll reach out to, uh, Maddie Lights, let him know the first week of December. Um, alright. Promo, uh, Glen is preparing.

How's that, how's that? Uh, other than my numbers, how's the rest of the expense summary looking for top one? Good. Under we, so far we're under budget, so, Okay. What, what is that?

What are the, what is the number at Uh, $39,831 and 54 cents. Okay. What's our per event budget? 44. 44.

Okay. Yeah, that number just always gets bigger and I always forget that it got bigger. And then I'm always like, how big is it? Mm-Hmm. Uh, okay.

And that's over the year, which gets us to, what were we at, what were we at back in the, the Hyatt days? Uh, same, same. We were at 44 in the Hyatt and then we did decrease it to 40. But then after we realized that because of the mansion having, like with the Hyatt or with the Marriott, we had like food and rooming included in the amount that we would pay the hotel. And now with the mansion, obviously the food is not included.

So, and we're paying almost around the same for us to rent out the mansion for the week. So we raised it back up to 44. Gotcha. Okay. Um, and we got, uh, payments coming in today from Kyle and James Frill.

Uh, Kyle should be anytime this week. He told me that the last week of October. Um, and frill, I followed up with him over the weekend just to confirm. So I'm just gonna follow up again with him today 'cause he didn't get back to me. Okay.

Yeah. So just let me know and make sure to communicate that ASAP, just so we know obviously those, those especially is, you know, we're not yet, uh, growing the membership. We wanna make sure that we keep a tight eye on those. And we know that those dollars are hitting until those will be what, 15 each? Yeah, 15 each.

Okay. 16. 16, 16 each. Okay. Great.

Um, and then who's up, uh, for the rest of the year? Between November, December, So at the end of the year it's Andre, um, Clayton, which is still a part of the team. Um, and that's the only two that I'm remembering off the top of my head right now, but I would have to double check 'cause there's like two or three in December. Gotcha. Hmm.

Okay. What's up tv? What's up gang? I feel like when we have you here, I feel like we need to like all like sing an old song together or do something feel so nostalgic when we have you here. I was gonna say, I, I feel like, you know, Chris looks older, you know what I mean?

Like, I feel like Teddy's gonna announce he's got a grandkid or something like that. That's how long it's been. It's unbelievable. Funny, man, there was a, I don't know if it showed up in Europe, but there was a, there was a picture of me, you and Tom Beal at like one of the MFA lives that just came up. I saw that, Yeah.

Oh my gosh. But our, like our beards had no gray in them whatsoever. Oh Gosh. Jesus. Oh, I shaved it, man, nobody knows.

No know. Oh goodness. I hate looking at those old photos. I'm like, oh my gosh, what happened over the last like eight years? Oh goodness.

Well, Damien, I didn't want to interrupt if there was something that you wanted to finish that's, I'll only take a Few minutes. That's it. I kind of, I kind of just did 'em a did a, a little bit of a high level overview about Legends. Um, if you kind of want to just, uh, just add anything you want to add, legends is the campaign is ending, uh, cart close, assuming that we don't, uh, sell out sooner is gonna be November 10th. Is that right?

Yeah, so to cover the, the, um, the timeline, so we're actually starting this afternoon just from a media buying purpose. So we've got an Opt-in page, we've got our Opt-in page live. Um, and, uh, once somebody opts in, they get brought to this page, which lets them know that lesson one of seven will be released tomorrow. This page is only gonna be, um, used today starting tomorrow at noon. What happens is when somebody opts in, they'll go right to lesson one.

So, uh, so tomorrow the opt-in goes live for the public. Like I said, today it's going live for media. So John could get some media rolling. And then what you'll see is that, uh, each day a new lesson is released. So we're releasing lessons tomorrow through Monday.

What we're doing is after uh, we release the final lesson, folks will know that they're gonna have an opportunity to get, uh, the copy legends recordings we put in a buffer day just to make sure that we get people amped up, uh, and get ready to, to buy. And then as Damien mentioned, on Wednesday, November 8th, the sales page goes live. That's when the cart opens. As Damien said, uh, we're, um, offering, uh, 300 units or 300 copies of this. Uh, and so the aim is ultimately right, if if we can sell out, cool.

If not, the promo will run from the eighth to the 13th. So the card is gonna close either when we sell out or, uh, the end of the day, 11:59 PM Pacific time. On the, um, on the 13th, the, to just go back up for one second, uh, and Teddy, I'll be getting you this stuff, um, uh, likely on Thursday. Um, so we've got the deliverables for the offer are the HD recordings. Um, Teddy came up with a great suggestion, uh, that we're gonna include the audio recording of the entire day as well.

We're gonna do a full transcript of the experience, which I wanna talk to you about in a second, Chris. Um, my notes that I put together, uh, based on going through the recording and then a video that I'm also gonna record covering my notes for our team. Damien's probably already mentioned the offer is 24 97. We will have a payment plan of three payments of 9 97, and then we have a fast action bonus for the first 50 people to pay in full, which is the unreleased decade plus swipe file. Right?

That's Chris, correct me if I'm mistaken, that's volume six through 8, 6, 7, and eight, is that correct? That sounds about right. Yep. That would be okay. Just confirm that just to make sure I'm using the right language.

Uh, there will be no money back guarantee. Um, with this and the partners that we work with, they'll be getting a a thousand dollars per sale, um, commission. And that's based on some hard costs obviously that we have associated with the unreleased, um, swipe file. And so that is the, um, that's the timeline. And so Go ahead Damien.

Go ahead. I had a question. I didn't know if you were done explaining. Yeah, that's cool. Roll.

No, that's cool. There's nothing, nothing. So have, have you thought about, obviously with Agora we came up with the, hey, it's a hand saw and zip drive, that's why there's only 300. Have you thought about, uh, how we're justifying that it's 300? Yeah, I just don't wanna saturate the marketplace with everybody and their brother knowing, you know, what's, what's shared here, right?

Like it just defeats the whole purpose. If everybody and their brother, if we sold thousands of copies hypothetically right, then we saturate the market and everybody and their brother is doing what everybody else is doing. Kind of like what we saw with Ozzi. And so for me it's, no, I just don't wanna saturate the marketplace with this. I want to give 300 people the opportunity to have a tremendous competitive advantage.

Saul. Yeah. Okay, great. Love it. Any other, uh, any other questions?

So Teddy, I just wanted to, and I'm gonna go back to this full transcript in one second with you, Chris Teddy, I, I just wanted to confirm that the, uh, you said it in Slack, I think yesterday. Uh, I just wanted to confirm the opt-in page. I know the opt-in page is wired up. It's integrated. I opted in.

I saw that it brought me to the, um, to the first, to the, to that holder page. It's all the tags are set up in Infusionsoft. The basic tag of Yeah, the, the opted opt that they opted in. I, uh, Okay, that's cool. I assume you're gonna be sending everything as a broadcast, not as a campaign.

Yeah. Yep. That's totally cool. Okay, perfect. But I do, I do still need, like, if you have even just a sense of what the titles are gonna be.

'cause I wanna, I don't want the, I don't want the URLs to be lesson dash one. Lesson dash two that Somebody, yeah. So can't we just, 'cause I saw that, I saw that the lessons were whatever lesson two dash c lesson can't you for right now? Just can't you go in there and just make up some, like put, like put something on the end like without having a title. I make that up.

Yeah, I figured, I just figured You'd, yeah, like don't, I, I'm not saying make, make up a title, but, um, but just put some, you know, XRZT and then in the next one do gh uh, blah blah blah something, um, something like that. Uh, and so, you know that this, the way the, the, the, the narrative lesson series comes out is it's all gonna depend, like the end of lesson one is gonna determine lesson two and and so on. And so, which is exactly how I did it for Agora. Um, so Just, just the cover. So we, we don't refer to 'em as six through eight, but technically they are six through eight, so you could say it.

Um, but, but we just basically sit for the new ones. It's just, uh, the, the name of what it, what it actually is. So financial mailers. Right. Okay.

So you, uh, it is really up to you. So there's no, um, there's no volume number on there, like on the originals. Yeah. That, that was, that was specific instruction that I made a decision on that I gave Chris, because I don't want people to go, oh, now this is cool, but I don't have the other part so it has less value. So that's why it's just called the, the new unreleased basically Okay.

Position. I'm, I'm fine with that. It's not a, it's not a big deal. You could make the argument that that's a good thing from a marketing setup, right? Like, in other words, you could make that you, I could make the argument that that's a positive thing.

Like now go back to those people that don't have the original and sell them the originals to complete the set. But it's not a, for this, it's, it's insignificant. It doesn't make a difference. And so totally fine. Yeah.

So the, the, the transcript, I don't know if this is a question for Chris or, or Teddy, you might have a recommendation for this. What's the best way to get this done? There are, so the recordings of copy legends, there are three, there are three videos right now. And so what's the best way to get the, what's the easiest, most efficient way to get a quality transcript done? I mean, I mean, I can get a transcript done what the transcript's not gonna have because it wasn't like a Zoom call or whatever will Be speakers Identifying the speakers properly.

Alright. Hmm. I think we have to pay somebody to do it honestly. Uh, or, or just us do it internally, but I think it's gonna have to be for it to be a high quality, you know, something that we're gonna have as part part of the product. Yeah.

Can we, Rev does What if we, what if we had Teddy get the transcript done and then have somebody in our team listen to the video on two x and mark the speakers over the transcript rather than Yeah. We, we, we do that with Otter already. Whenever we do SCRA transcripts, we, we've always, I mean there's so many automated services that do transcripts now. I mean we, we, that part's easy. It's just the AI doesn't recognize it correctly, so you still end up listening to the whole thing and fixing a lot of the errors.

So it's, it, it's actually usable. So I, you don't really, you shave off a little bit of time, but you still have to listen to the whole thing. Gotcha. So, um, if, if it just depends on, on, on how we wanna do it, we can do it that way and do it in, I, so I just want a, a good transcript. Right.

I just wanna, I just want a quality transcript with names of, names of the speakers. And so Chris, you can decide what's the most, the most efficient way, the, the best way to get that done. I, I just wanna make sure that the result is a quality transcript, a usable transcript, not filled with a whole bunch of typos and, and, and garbage and has speakers attached to when somebody speaks that it's identifying who that speaker is. Perfect. If you need the, um, videos they're on, they're in Vimeo already while you're, while you're doing the transcript, um, are you gonna be, would you be using the audio versions?

Like are you gonna have to extract the audio versions or are, or can you use the video versions to have the transcript done? That's a really good question. Um, Probably the video version in order to see, in order to see who's speaking. Chris. Yeah, I mean the video's gonna help us.

Um, I just don't know if, I mean that's a, you know, if, if Rev does it, I mean obviously they're not gonna know who the speakers are, so we're gonna have to go back through, um, again. So yeah, video's gonna be perfect 'cause we're gonna have to proof Regardless. Okay. Okay. That's cool.

Um, okay. That's it for me. That's all I have. Alright, cool. Okay.

Well, anybody have any other questions? Well, thank you for letting me pop in and spend three minutes with you guys. I appreciate it. Go, go. Enjoy the bunker.

It's good to see you, miss you. And uh, all right, have a great day guys. If you need anything, I'm sure I'll be, I'll be in communication with you guys throughout the day if something weird pops up. Uh, but have a great day regardless. Okay.

And just make sure Todd, you know, Jay Shell's obviously on it. She's doing a great job. So just over communicate what you want her to do when she wants to do it, when you want her to do it. And she's, she's a machine. She's a Terminator man.

Just, Yeah, I'll continue to slack in that, in that little channel with you, with you and her, but I, I got it. Like I'm on it. Awesome. Alright. Okay.

Alright. See you later gang. Everybody else good? Mm-Hmm. All right, go crush everybody.

God bless.
