---
title: "Level 10 2022-04-18 15:59:17"
date: 2022-04-18
duration: 2h 19m
duration_seconds: 8369
vimeo_id: 700555337
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Level 10 2022-04-18 15:59:17

**Date:** 2022-04-18 | **Duration:** 2h 19m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Hey, gang. How are you? How are you, Glenda? Great. How are you?

Doing all right. I'm going to leave my camera off because I have anemic, sorry, I can't say it too loud. I have anemic, vegetarian Wi-Fi. I thought you said you were anemic and I was like, oh, no. No, no, no.

Did you say you have anemic Wi-Fi? Is that what you said? Chris can speak more clearly to this. Oh, okay. And Chris isn't speaking much either.

Oh, Chris is quiet too? Okay. All right. All right. So we got a waiting for Teddy.

Teddy, yeah. Todd said he's jumping on at 1230. That's correct. And if you could please remind me to remind, uh, uh, whatchamacallit, uh, remind me to remind
Todd. Todd, he needs to send, uh, John the information for the, uh, traffic mastermind this week.

Oh, now Chris is there. Is that you, Chris? Or is that Teddy? Ask Chris. I don't know.

It's weird stuff going on today. You want to remind Todd about that while we're on the call? Is that what you mean? Yeah, if you can, just while we're on the call. Cause that's when he's in, get things done for the rest of the team mode.

There's Teddy. What's up, Teddy? Not much. Sorry about that. No worries.

Uh, Chris is driving and, uh, I have weak wifi at the moment. So I'm just gonna, for continuity, keep it like this. There's a couple of things I want to cover. Um, hold on one second. Okay.

So, uh, oh, one second. One second, one second. All right. So, uh, so good. Can you guys hear me now?

We can hear you, Chris. We can hear you. Oh, beautiful. I was literally talking, by the way, early on. I kept logging off and logging back in.

So, um, I could hear everything you were saying, by the way, about the vegan, uh, internet. So I'm all yours. Yeah, it's a legitimate concern. Um, I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to talk about it too loudly.

Um, anyways. All right. So hope everybody had a nice Easter and everything was good. Uh, let's talk about wins from last week. Who wants to go first?

Uh, I can go. Uh, so I had a good call with Chris and Alex kind of talking through the, the different SMS
options. Uh, we decided to keep it simple for now and just kind of keep using TurboDial for, for
what she's doing. Um, but the, uh, we still have SalesMate as a backup if we need to do something more
complex, but we're sticking with the, the premise of simple for now and, uh, personal
level, uh, got a couple of big projects done around the house over the weekend. So that was good.

Nice. You, you, uh, adventuring into any new area study? Uh, I, I, I rerouted some gutter, gutter system stuff, uh, and, uh, and I laid some, uh,
new grass seed. Right. Yeah.

Uh, Chris went from last week. Yeah, sorry. Um, I'm driving. So maybe, maybe a couple of seconds when I, when you, um, yeah, I would actually echo
what, what Teddy said, um, really just hammering out, um, a good game plan for, uh, for Alex
and, uh, yeah, really relying more on, on chat. Uh, I shouldn't say chat, but, uh, text.

So, um, just, you know, again, trying to pivot and also keeping in line with our motto, right? Keeping it simple. Okay. Awesome. Linda.

I would have to say the, uh, call with Rick Barker, the Instagram training that he did on
Thursday morning, I thought was great. And also, you know, another way that we're providing value for our top one members when
we're not meeting in person, there's still stuff going on for them to, uh, take hold of
and stuff that they have, you know, for them to learn, which is great. So, yeah, I thought that was a win for a top one. You backed up the recording this time. Hey, we talked about that.

Does that mean yes or no? Yes, everything goes to Vimeo. Okay. Good, good, good. Um, so I'm excited.

Uh, I got the, uh, a promotional letter done for top one. It was actually done a little bit a while ago, but it was kind of, uh, I did a first draft,
a second draft, and then was just waiting for Todd. And so I was able to get, uh, Todd put his final touches on it until Chris has that now. So we'll send that out to a segment of people who actually discussed that on the call today. So I'm excited to get that out and hopefully, uh, get a handful of apps in and get a couple
of good new people into the group would be fantastic.

Awesome. Um, and so, all right, so, so here's the way today's going to work at 1230. Todd is going to jump on because he wanted to talk about, um, I think about some different
promotional stuff. And then at one o'clock, uh, I believe Michael will be joining us as well to kind of walk
through, uh, the next generation E5. Um, and then we'll go from there.

And so before I hop into a couple of things, cause I want to go, Teddy did some, uh, some
Intel, which I'm excited to go through. Does anybody have any updates or need anything? No. Um, so, so Chris, did he just recant that whole message this morning? Chris.

Can't hear you, buddy. I'm sorry. Uh, say that again. Did he just, did he just recant that whole message this morning? Um, yeah.

Um, well, he, he deleted it and then I responded to him in, uh, in Slack and just kind of said,
Hey, like, this is obviously where we're at, you know, what issues, some of the issues
I had, of course, we're going to discuss that after our call with Todd at one. So of course we're having that, um, yeah, after this call, we have a call with Todd and
Michael, after that call, we're all going to stay on at least you, Damien, you, I, and
Michael are going to stay on and we're going to talk through, um, some of those things just
to kind of reset. Obviously you're running sales. So there's some sales concerns that I think both you and I do have as far as his, um, his
expectations, um, and maybe his expectations for sales. And so we're going to talk through some of that.

And I did, I did, you know, kind of prepare him as well on some of that stuff. So. Gotcha. Okay. I don't know.

What are we talking about? The, the done for you drama? Yeah. Yeah. Done for you, which, you know, I, I understand some of where he's coming from, um, but turning
off sales is never an option.

So, um, you know, just really talking through, you know, talking through solutions. Um, and then of course, I think just resetting, maybe just being clear on expectations with
all of us, as far as what, what that kind of, I thought we covered it last time, but just,
you know, again, just making sure that's super, super, super clear. Okay. And, and, and just so you know, more of my concern is this is, you know, Slack is amazing. I love Slack and it's a great tool.

Um, but a lot of things get lost in Slack. And so what I don't want to do is just rely on a, on a message. Usually it's missing contacts. It's missing a lot of other things. And so I'd rather just jump on a call with a big, a clarity.

Yeah. A hundred percent. Slack is not the place to Slack is the place to ask questions, pass information. It's not to have a conversations. Exactly.

And this to me is how to say, especially things that could be conversations. That could either be of a complex or sensitive nature. Exactly. A hundred percent. And I don't want to assume that he doesn't know that he's not clear on expectations.

I'm just going to go ahead and assume, hopefully, obviously think the best, which is, you know,
we're just not reading the message. Right. So that's okay. No problem. So, so Glenda, before we go to Teddy's report, which I'm very excited to look at, what,
what can you tell me about any top one updates on the next top one experience coming?

Anything you want to share with anybody? I think you're muted or your mic's broken or something. I was muted. I'm sorry. I'm here talking and talking.

I said, no recent updates from what I shared last Monday. So we're still moving along, but nothing, nothing different so far. Okay. All right. Do we have anybody up for renewal this month that is going to hit Glenda?

Yes. Glenn and Lindsay. So I spoke with both of them. Glenn is going to be up again. I feel like Lindsay was just up and I just, no, no, she's always up at March, April.

That time. So yeah, Lindsay's going to, she's going to switch to payment plan now instead of full pay. Okay. But Glenn will be sending over full pay. Awesome.

That's great. That's great to hear. It's been a, it's been a slow start to the first half of the month with sales. So that's going to be a big hit. So good job.

Yes. Okay. Um, all right. And just, just, uh, put a, put a pin in this, uh, in the back, uh, back your pocket. So something that Todd had said to me, he said that, uh, what, uh, you know, he said,
you know, kind of top one grows, you know, a lot of times people kind of reach out to him
and be like, Hey, let's get breakfast, let's get lunch.

And Todd kind of, that's not really Todd's thing. And he, uh, I'm sure you know this. And so what I suggested to him and he really liked it was the idea that maybe what we do
is to kind of build a culture that when Todd is at things, that that's really when he emphasizes
socializing. And so, for example, if he's going to be at webinar con, you know, we make sure to say,
Hey, top one family, if you're at webinar con, Todd's treating the breakfast on Tuesday
morning, you know, and that way, when people, when people say, Oh man, I want to catch up
with Todd outside of, you know, outside of the events. It's like, Oh yeah, man.

Well, he's speaking here. He's going to be here. That's when he meets up with the top one family. In addition to our experiences. That's a great idea.

I like that. It's awkward for me too. Cause when they reach out, cause since I have to coordinate and I'm just like, um, okay,
let me see if he's available. And then when I, when I spoke, I speak with him that he's kind of like, um, yeah, not really. So that'll be great.

That's a good, good alternative. Is that in relation to the Benson thing, Damon? Yeah, that was. That was very awkward for me. It's in relation to every request that Todd gets.

Um, yeah. So Benson thing was the most recent though. And he was very out of it. Like he kept trying. So it was, yeah.

Okay. And so, uh, all right. So let's, uh, let's look through, um,
Uh, okay. So Teddy, can you walk us through, you know, you said, uh, that's always a good, uh, good
sales line. You know, the results aren't going to be quite what you expected.

Um, so why don't you walk me through, um, I have the sheet open, but walk me through what
you make of it. Yeah. Uh, well, so the, you know, the reality, I mean, if, if, if what you were expecting was
to see a lot of sales coming from PFO, they're not, uh, I wasn't, I wasn't. Okay. Okay.

Good. Um, and yeah. And so, you know, the reality is at least at a high level, um, what I saw going through
each record was lots of touch points, right? So there's several people that went through like the A to Z promo, they watched the webinar,
they watched PFO, they might've checked out apprentice and then got on a call and bought,
right. And, and a lot of them have been on the list, you know, you see two there that from, were
from the E5 launch back in 2017.

Um, yeah, somebody came in from Sally's promo that I did with her a year ago. That's, it's on evergreen. So, I mean, people are still kind of coming in from that. Uh, you got one from Sheffrin again, four or five months ago. Um, so yeah, it's, there are very few, I mean, there's one certainly that, that Marty
hers, uh, that came in from PFO and, and bought, and then the, the Jim Juniper.

I mean, those are the only two that were kind of quick buys, but everybody else has kind
of been in our world for a while. It's checked out lots of stuff, uh, before making that jump. Uh, and obviously, you know, the A to Z promo is something that we should look at how to
leverage because that, that and the webinar con video seems to be working fairly well. When you say the webinar con video, why do you say the webinar con video is working fairly
well? Well, I mean, there's at least two there that, that was their very last thing they did before
buying.

Gotcha. Last promo webinar con, but that wasn't necessarily from cold traffic, correct? No, again, those, uh, one was from PFO. One was from the E5 launch in 2017. Gotcha.

So they came in from cold traffic. And what else can you tell me about the PFO leads? I know, obviously we don't, we have a praxis on hold, so I'm not going to ask you all the
crazy questions, but what can you tell me about PFO leads? Can you tell me anything like, Hey, an average PFO lead is worth this much to you in 30, 60,
90 days or 90 days or lifetime. What else can you tell me about the value?

And the reason just, just for everybody else, the context of this call of this question is
that, you know, we, we said, Hey, let's focus on leads. We've got leads to scale. We've got them within KPI. So they've been ranging anywhere from seven to $8 and 50 cents. So, so they're, they're in economic range.

However, we're just starting to question since we're not seeing super responsiveness through
our email, we're kind of questioning, okay, are, are, are these people really consuming
our stuff? We're not seeing great results with outbound and other than running the business, which
we've done a good job, really making that more efficient. It's our biggest expense. We're investing almost $30,000 a month on PFO. And if those leads are just kind of hanging around and not doing anything and not opening
our emails, then that money could certainly be invested much better elsewhere.

Should I hang on and look at a CD? And to Damien, while he's looking that up, you know, one thing, uh, to consider part of
the reason why I wanted to move to text, um, is because of that, right? The low responsiveness, if we're not getting a lot of response from that baby, you know,
warming them up, you know, obviously going from a cold, cold, you know, cold lead to a,
you know, to, to a phone call to hopefully sell them into a, you know, high ticket program
to be, you know, a lot more unlikely. And so just warming them up via text again, I don't know if that's going to be a solution
given what, you know, Teddy's going to find here as well. But, um, yeah, that's part of the reason behind why I was wanting to do that, warm them up,
get to know them a little bit, you know, maybe offer some free trainings and get them into
our world a little bit more.

Maybe that is a multi-step as well, right? For some of those PFO leads, maybe it might not be a one, one time chat. Maybe it's a, you know, engage with them for a little bit, hold off, wait a couple of weeks,
engage with them and then go in for the, go in for the kill. So, I mean, just a quick report and graphly says the value per lead is about five, about 550. But I'd have to dig into that and see if it's accurate or not.

Okay, are we, are we, uh, on WebinarCon, are we collecting phone number? Uh, I have no idea. I mean, there's, there's all this stuff that Todd's just building on his own, dude, that
hasn't even run by me before he launches it. So, all right, well, let's cover that then. Because Chris, I'd like to, uh, stick a pin in this.

I want to talk through, uh, whether or not collecting phone numbers and outbounding on
WebinarCon leads and also John's recommendation was that we actually run, uh, the presentation
on video and then retarget people to, uh, to the application. Could you write that down? Uh, just as I'm driving. Um, it's all right. I just need you to slightly remember it.

Um, me saying it is more the purpose of it than anything right now. Um, cause we're going to do one, two, okay. So it looks like the leads that came in, in February might be worth about eight bucks. Um, but let's see if that's being skewed by, I mean, you got to remember the majority of
them aren't buying anything cause there ain't much for them to buy. Right.

Like I'm Mr. Like I can't, right. OK. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. So. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right. Right. Right.

Yeah. Right. anybody else notice anything about the the stuff that uh
i can't i can't really see it it's raining too hard for me not that i would look while i'm driving
yeah don't look at that while you're driving that's that's terrible
it is interesting though uh you know just what teddy mentioned you obviously we're not offering
you know products for them to really a lot of products for them to buy and so that you know
that kind of on-ramp from a cold lead to warming them up you know how do we i guess how do we bridge
that gap that's the question i have aside from just offering them obviously more products to buy
what what was the question that prompted the request for this report damon just to see whether
the pfo yeah the question was just like we don't want to do what we always do which is to say hey
let's just keep spending money on media we'll spend it on this campaign that campaign we really want
to stick to a budget and so uh you know we really wanted to run some different iterate iteration for
the power offer lead and so i was like well maybe we should divert some attention you know from budget
from po to the power offer and then todd was also like man he's like i really want to stick also with
the webinar con leads because he goes i i get people all the time who are just like man that presentation
was so impactful it was so powerful he's like i'd rather see people consuming that
than potentially doing pfo if we're not seeing the buyers from it gotcha
yeah um and so that's that's kind of what we're looking at um
um i would i would say i would say like if you just you know if you if you look at these like
the the more free valuable content like you know you got two from the webinar con you got one from the
the marketing call that we leaked uh with chris uh you got a couple from the webinar right like
i mean honestly honestly dude like you know i think i think it would be
it would be interesting to really rethink the webinar from scratch and create a new webinar and actually
you know we've we've cut tech event tech expenses quite a bit it might be worth like revisiting
the the a event platform for for making webinars appear live uh
yeah i mean even even phil same just did a case study for steal our winners talking about the a event
platform versus his own webinar platform of you know the a event are you talking you're not talking
about uh no i'm talking about sean donahoe's okay and what what is what how how persuasive was the data
uh i well i mean the thing is you know mike's basically running like 32 webinars a day all private
labeled for affiliates i mean granted he's got an affiliate model right so it's a little bit
different for him but uh you know where the webinar you know the the the intro video
is with the affiliate and and all that kind of stuff right but it's fully automated but it appears like a
live webinar um just it's just it's a platform that makes it much harder to tell that it's not live
right right how much was the platform or it was it was like five grand um
i don't think it was five grand a month but it was i think it was like five grand to get started and
then something but you know if he's looking to join in top one it could be a barter thing too so
yeah you know how we feel about bartering yeah i know well whatever he pays us we pay him whatever
you want to be accounting but yeah um but you know i've just but i just i'm just saying that type
of more just like here's here's todd in action here's new valuable content that people haven't seen
let me ask you a question teddy how much from what you can see from this report and looking into it you
might have to dig a little more how much is it when you said multiple touch points how much of it is
multiple purchases versus consuming multiple pieces of content uh the only one that made a bunch of
purchases uh was the the big one that that chris sold the chris d antonio like he bought the book
and then went through the portal and bought like six or seven other things from the portal uh and and then
yeah he bought a bunch in the portal what about the other folks how many uh are they first time
buyers second time buyers uh i didn't necessarily go through that but i can tell you that like in
terms of like what led up to them getting on the phone it seemed like it was that preponderance of
campaigns kind of about the same thing of you know apprentice work with todd a to z workshop like learn todd's
you know method for writing copy like you know can you can you add a column on this please and just
uh just called like number of purchases before buying coaching and just those uh 10 people or so
by hand and just indicate how many purchases like legit person purchases not like well they were on copy
calls for three months like copy calls one purchase they got on a subscription
uh wait for teddy a minute sorry got hvac tune up coming today uh yes i heard you so i will add the uh
well i mean actually i can pull it up too hang on a second
actually
i don't think a lot of them had made i mean there was a good there was definitely i think
there was definitely at least three you can hear me now right yeah there's definitely at least three
that had bought e5 camp uh and upgraded from there got it um
hey what's up tv
what's up guys so uh so we were just discussing uh i don't know if you had a chance to see the link
that we sent through uh based on our conversation todd yours and mine about shifting uh our ad investment
to webinar con and uh those different iterations of the power offer i asked teddy to pull a report of
the most recent coaching post purchases and kind of as expected uh we're not seeing a huge payoff from
uh from uh pfo leads we saw only like two that originated with pfo leads and the average
uh lead value is only showing up or maybe five or six bucks so that's that's certainly worthy of shifting
the investment dollars uh for right now and what teddy was also looking at that i had him just take a
look at was he was saying that you know multiple touch points is really the the commonality that
he's seeing and i had asked whether that was purchases or just content and what teddy is suggesting
and he's double checking this now is that it was more about just multiple touch points of campaigns
webinars content uh not necessarily multiple purchases but like that oh wow they were on this webinar
they consumed this piece of content like they had a couple touch points before they committed to a purchase
okay so i mean there's there's a few that had more you know i mean it's it's one thing for sure damien
it's it's certainly not surprising that the lead value is only five or six bucks because we're not
promoting any offers to them sure um but you know like a number of people that like even just went through
the a to z promo you know didn't even necessarily buy the a to z promo but just going through the promo
seeing i guess how we promote being enticed to want to be closer with us work with us uh so on and so
forth and so all this to say uh i think we should move forward with what we talked about last week
todd which is shifting the rest of the ad dollars for the month off of uh pfo to the two power offer
test webinar con the only variation is john this morning suggested for webinar comics i thought was
interesting was instead of sending them to the page because lead cost is running really high is
uh running video ads and then when people watch 95 of the video retargeting those people to apply to
get on a call i thought that was interesting so really focus on getting people consuming the video
i mean he can certainly test it okay you know you can certainly test it
i would split the ad dollars between the two i wouldn't stop doing what it is that
i wouldn't stop sending people to the page i would split the ad dollars
got it okay and teddy the page i was referring to and then i want to
uh so real really quick though on this list so two people came from the webinar con video
that was that was their last touch that was where they came from that was their last touch
got it right and that wasn't from paid that was just from consumption of that video
uh and teddy so the webinar what is that wait wait damien what is what do you mean by that
so they they got that in an email doesn't mean that they consume that through a paid traffic campaign
because they were already on our list got it okay um teddy the page i was referring to for webinar con is
the two-step uh is the often page that you set up last week that you sent over to the agency
i was just confirming whether or not there was a phone number on that but so hang on one second
damien i'm sorry so teddy the one webinar con it says contact ppc does that mean that the last
touch point was the ad that drove them to webinar con no it means they might have interacted with
i'll have to dig into it but typically not uh looks like that was a ppc ad to the aob workshop
essentially okay okay yeah so i mean i went through these manually basically looked at their tag history
and was like all right what was the first thing that got them to create themselves as a contact and then
what what led up to them scheduling a call and buying and it's gotcha close to the last thing
as i can and it's tough because so looking at the last promo touch i mean the originating so you know
the last promo touch we're talking about a recent time frame so anything that wasn't promoted right
like if the the last promo touch can only be something fairly recent
right like in other words we're looking at a small window of activity here yeah right i mean
we're looking at right yeah buyers basically since jim came on board roughly yeah um but i mean you know
what i was saying to damien was just you know it feels like the more like if you look at the you
know you got two of the webinar con videos you got one with that the marketing call that we leaked
right um so i i just think in general the more that you're leaking kind of those types of
presentations either what you're doing in top one or some of our better marketing calls that we've done
like that seems to push people and it's you know it's good valuable content obviously yeah and i was
saying you know that we may consider looking at because there's definitely a couple people that
watched the webinar you know at least three people that watched the the webinar maybe time to refresh
that webinar and actually run it like through a event where it's like a live event kind of e5 webinar
well i would say a new a newer version of you know well that's exactly what it is that that'll be the
perfect segue because that's exactly what it is that i wanted to to talk about today damien okay so
before before i i throw the ball to you um can you just answer that one question about webinar con
teddy.page that you set up last week i'll check it thank you
you can go talk so damien before as teddy's doing what he's doing real quick so what did you outside of
of the the the shifting of the shifting ad spend over to webinar con what what do you see on this
spreadsheet um like what do you take away from this yeah i mean my takeaway is that similar to other
times we've run this report it seems like it's it's singles and doubles it's not like you know i don't
think we've ever pulled one of these reports where it's like it's all from the book or it's all from
this it just always seems like it's just getting people in at a reasonable cost and then nurturing
them which also sort of supports the idea that um you know we should get them in on the on the po
lead you know maybe we should be getting people on the po leads and then we should be self-liquidating
those leads with a small offer right yeah because that could change the economics a lot too the point
being that the one hit wonder right like hi i'm todd get on a phone we don't have the code cracked on
that yet that's what i think okay and that and then again if right now that we're burning dollars
getting po leads because we're not promoting anything else from them either you're talking pfo leads pfo
leads sorry pfo leads yeah right so for po leads for power offer leads right the the aim
the the whole purpose of that campaign is not to nurture like the whole the whole purpose is to
is to get the top of the tippy top of the uh of the awareness and so we need to you know i'd love to
hear from i'd love to understand more whether it's from jim uh about the po leads that are coming in and why
we're not seeing the response from those and maybe it is that people are not watching the video like
you said and so we need to test the delayed button we're going to test the different version but the
very first test that i would do if you believe that and jim believes that people aren't consuming
the video and they're just clicking the button and scheduling then what i would say is we test the
delayed button so i'm i'm fine i think that's an equally viable test to the you're doing a head uh
ahead uh you know just a talking head video um and so yeah i want to do both of those so as soon as
that yeah i mean i would like look i would i would run the i would the very first thing that i would do
we we can run both but the very first thing that i would do is i would test the delayed button like
that's okay that's a two minute you know a two minute test so teddy on the on the power offer page
how off how far do we want to delay that button todd um so i'll check after this and i'll let teddy
know okay and then just post on the on the uh on the agency channel when that's ready teddy and idea
being that we don't want you know right now uh we're seeing obviously indicated by the staff that
there you know there's questions about the amount of video engagement and on some of the calls jim
is still like yeah man like people are like who's todd they don't remember why they got in this call
and my thesis is that you know we're not forcing people to consume the video the engagement's low
they're saying they don't recognize it and so we really want to make sure that these people
are consuming the video before we get them onto a call okay okay todd all your okay um
so and you could stop sharing yeah yeah i don't have anything to share but so damien on the webinar
con no i kept it as identical to the the wistieth gated thing as possible so it was just email
todd are you okay with us collecting phone on the webinar con leads as well um since that is on a
delayed add to cart and we're paying more money because then alex can outbound those leads
uh it's on a delay yeah i mean i would i would run uh again i would run a split between the two
just to see because adding the phone number making the phone field required could decrease opt-in rate
even more yeah i mean we already know the opt-in rate is trending around 10 so i don't think there's
a reason to run a split test i'd rather just put the phone in there because we know we're paying more
for leads so we need to get more out of them i don't okay i mean didn't you say though you ran a
very small um sample to that yeah i mean probably 20 leads 30 leads uh okay i thought you had said you
ran like 80 visitors to that yeah i mean well that was when we spoke a couple days i mean okay
about it so so okay again okay my instinct is because even even if we're paying 30 a lead
but we're getting a phone number of somebody who watched you for 10 yeah i get it that's fine
that's cool okay okay so teddy can you add that please so just not split test it just add a phone
number yes please yeah okay so hang on a second time
so then teddy i need you to uh let's uh in the turbo dialer please hide the two pfo list
and create a new list for uh webinar con phone numbers webinar con people okay
all right so uh so my what i'd like to do i'd like to do two things damien this week this will require
a little hustle from us uh as usual but i'd like to do two things this week so i would like to um test a
new e5 camp webinar uh meaning you know a little bit of a a little bit of a refreshed slide deck a
little you know different angle different registration page uh but so i'd like to test
the um a new webinar my thought was that we would be able to get up the registration the registration
pages today and then begin promoting it tomorrow for thursday and so i just wanted to confirm that
you guys think that that's enough time for an initial test
i mean what needs to be done on our side i don't mean time on our side i mean time i mean the time
like promoting it to people tomorrow for a thursday webinar
yeah i think that as long as we're willing to again get into multi-channel so post some stuff
up on instagram post it up on the facebook page post it up on the group uh you know post it you know
send out maybe you know maybe not an sms maybe an sms i don't know um but yeah not just rely on email
yeah okay in our terrible email consumption right um so uh and teddy just a heads up i'm gonna want
to do uh and as soon as we're done today we have a we have the one o'clock uh and then i have a 1 30
meeting after that i'm going to shift right into this webinar and so i want to be able to have uh
uh like uh opt you know part of the opt-in be submit your sms number for reminders and so just
like a heads up to get prepped for that uh
what's uh what what time on thursday you want to do it um and so that's what i was going to ask if
there was any if anybody knew of any time that is better because i want to do it live and so
uh i was thinking of doing it at three o'clock
good 3 p.m eastern time sounds good i did okay um and uh so i already said the specific title
in mind no not yet no um hope and five hope this works
works and teddy uh zoom is the way to go yeah okay for now yeah what i was saying to damien is we
should definitely talk if if we do a new webinar and it works we should be talking to sean about using
a event yeah okay um what was i gonna say um
and i don't think i need you for teddy for there'll be a uh the replay sequence i don't need you for uh
any of that but uh as a webinar or a meeting meaning what's the difference between the two
uh chat chats public and i believe everybody can be on cam for meeting i'm not sure if they can all
be on cam for a webinar or not no let's do webinar uh and so webinar so uh i'm going to
well damien let me let me ask you this so i guess i i was i guess we'll do the standard e5 camp offer
that comes with those bonuses like the bonuses that we you know the traffic the swipes and so
we won't add anything new and so teddy does that mean that uh i guess i'll have to dig up
is that do we need a new order form or can you tell me what order form to use
i can tell you what order form to use and create a redirect
and so likely what i'm going to say the same webinar that's the same order form that's being
offered on the current evergreen webinar that's what you're saying yes yeah yes uh if you could send
me the url for that like after uh you know some point um after this meeting just so that i can review
it review the copy and just make sure that you know see if there's anything that i want to refresh
on that or anything like that uh that would be awesome um and then of course we'll if we don't
have one already i'll need a some sort of pretty url it doesn't have to be like a custom you know url
that we register but at least something that's shortened you know what i mean todd brown dot me
forward slash you know e5c or something like that you know something short and brief so that i can
display it on the slide deck um and then damien what i was um thinking of doing was for the people who
don't register then so what i was thinking was that uh today i'm going to send out an email that's um
somewhat related to how i approach creating campaigns in 2022 something along those lines
tomorrow i'm going to promote the um the webinar we're going to do a morning and an evening um email
then uh wednesday we'll do a morning and an evening thursday morning we'll do a uh a morning one then what
we'll do is i'll get the replay page ready so that once we're done all i've got to do is download um
and post the the replay pop it onto that page and then thursday night begin a um begin sending the
registrants to the replay page and what i was thinking was to run it through sunday
okay um couple things too so two things number one uh can we make sure that we use the unengaged list
and at least create a hot list off of that list what do you mean unengaged list the unmailable list
sorry the unmailable list in the other mailer the fluent crm yes yeah so we can certainly send folks
from fluent crm the hot list is obviously going to be the people who register for the webinar correct
that's what i'm saying so i'm not saying we have to hit the fluent list with 12 emails but hit them
with four and anybody who's clicking and open include them in the whole campaign no so that so
they have to register from fluent they have to click over and and register and the hot list even for
the replay is only people who register so it's not p if they click and they go that's fine okay and so
on fluent it doesn't it can't work it doesn't work that way they have to actually register for the
webinar we can't track we can't segment off people who click so we're not tracking that in fluent correct
uh well why would we want to put those people if they click and they don't register for the webinar
i'm not saying put them in the hot list in infusionsoft because that would break terms but i'm saying
continue to message them in fluent is that possible teddy yeah you can certainly you can certainly tag who
clicks or or look at the reports and okay clickers you know i'm saying create a fluent hot list after
like three emails a fluent hot list of just you're talking though you're you're saying a fluent hot list
of people that may have clicked but not registered so teddy how would we know if we're forcing them to
register out of fluent yes so teddy how would we know from fluent who registered and who just clicked
we wouldn't in fluent no we wouldn't okay so the idea is we're going to run register to fluent correct
yeah we're going to run the same thing we'll run the same thing to fluent
right like why wouldn't we you know if you want me to mail to fluent why don't i just mail to fluent the
same way i mail to our list starting tomorrow but you're going to have our list opt in to the
they're going to actually enter their name and email to opt into the webinar correct okay then
let's collect phone as well and that way we can do a call bliss on on a friday and saturday
well that's i just said we're going to do we're going to make sms optional okay that's fine
but teddy i'm going to want people that people that watch the webinar i want to i'm going to want some
sort of a list even if it's dialed by hand of people who watch the webinar so they can get
called thursday night and even friday so how does that work teddy so in other words being that it's
live is there a list from zoom of people who attended who attended yeah which is which is my
question like whether you wanted to segment out the campaigns after to those that didn't attend to
go to replay and those that did attend to go to a conversion sequence or everybody's
simple and just everybody's get the same sequence afterwards whether they attend or not or
so um let me just think for one second so it's all going to be in a campaign like if you're going
to do if you're going to do that it needs to all be in a campaign you can't be broadcast after after the
fact why because you got to do well i mean i guess you can't we how does how does it work can we apply
it so we're going to have people who obviously what we're going to have is we're going to have a tag for
people who click and go to the registration page that right which will be the same tag used tomorrow
wednesday thursday then we're going to have another tag for people that register and then there should
be one more tag for people that attend correct okay so it doesn't need to be in a campaign and then one
more for purchase and then one more for purchase okay uh
uh and so my question though is if somebody registers if somebody and just if somebody
registers from the fluent list how do we are we removing them from the fluent list how do we see
so damien in other words right now well that we need to figure that out right so because if somebody
register somebody i send out an email tomorrow morning to the fluent list and somebody registers
we don't want them we really don't want them on the fluent list anymore
does that make sense teddy so once they're back once they're active in infusion soft
then we don't want them on the fluent list anymore correct
okay
and then to keep things real simple and it's done i already checked it i want to for the people who
don't register uh damien specifically the um specifically the pfo leads starting on thursday
i want to promote the hyper growth offer to them
okay cool so non-buyers non-buyers on the pfo list
got it well
what were you going to say teddy no i just have to i mean we shut everything off so i got to make sure
that that is set up well i thought we only shut off we didn't shut off the customer thank you
sequences yeah the customers but let me just test it the customer sequence should still be on yes
you're correct yeah and so the page the sales page is live the order form is live i saw the bump offer
the upsell um and so all the thank you stuff should should still be live other than that that's it
so no conversion stuff okay i'll run it through as well so just go back to to this webinar registration
for a minute so phone number is optional or mandatory uh i would like the sms reminder to be optional
okay hey tv with the sms uh can we go the distance and i'm certainly happy to do this i'll do this in
real time uh even uh although i know we'll want to automate can we do that stuff like that uh uh
fernando like message them before it starts message them during the webinar todd's about to share this
kind of like just really yeah as we get closer um so maybe on wednesday you and i'll will we can have
like a 20 to 30 minute meeting and go over what that would look like and then probably what i would
tell you is the easiest thing to do is probably um do them via broadcast okay
uh and so teddy what tool are we using for sms reminders the one that you had sent me
i mean if you just want to if you just want to send out one-way messages then we can send them
right through infusion you can do you can do sms broadcast now infusion it's all hooked up and ready
to roll oh wow i didn't know that and so what's the number that that comes from
uh it's a infusion generated number okay and so if they respond back to the number what happens
nothing says says this doesn't receive responses
i'm fine with that for this damien do you have we can we can obviously we get the number though
right so the their their mobile number is then populated in infusionsoft for the team to use
to outbound correct well i mean it was populated beforehand for you to send the message
right that that's but what i'm saying right what i'm saying is in other words
that that the team will be able to access that their number their mobile number
uh and and or if we already have their mobile number whether they check the box for sms reminders
or not you're gonna have their mobile number and let me ask you this so one last question about this
and then damien i'm i'm good for uh i'm good there's nothing else that i that i need anything else will be
between teddy and i if we wanted to teddy is because i just want to try to keep it simple for this
promotion i don't want to mix two two things together but uh if we wanted to take if we wanted
to allow our team to um to start to converse with people via via sms is there a way to take those
people their sms numbers and import it into the other tool it's already well i mean so for
for for alex to sms messages them through turbo dial it's just yeah there's nothing to do it's the
same your contact you have a phone number on your profile infusion can sms it turbo dial can sms
it okay got it perfect okay all right that's all i need okay i'm done damien okay um chris is uh
michael drummond uh joining us for this uh e5 next generation follow-up
was was an invite sent to michael
yeah glenda did include him yes yeah then he'll be on that
okay so we'll wait for him so we have uh two minutes uh todd you want to share anything else
with the team any updates any uh uh uh exciting stuff no i'd love it um we do have to to the not
we do we don't have to but somebody obviously some brazilian marketer shared something and is driving
people we're getting a wild amount of people into the into the group i don't know where they're coming
from or who mentioned something um i am i i recorded a presentation teddy for the uh what is
it the um groove brazil groove brazil or whatever and so unless he shared something with his list
which is possible but yeah a ton of ton of brazilian folks coming into the to the group awesome
very cool it was interesting todd talking to rodrigo i don't know if you're familiar with
this but he was kind of just talking through how buying things in brazil is different you know
it's a five to one exchange rate and he said like he said a lot of times i don't know if you're
familiar with this but a lot of what they purchase about this is fascinating is all on payment plan
so even like you buy a sweater they'll be like oh the sweater is ten dollars a month for five months
you know so like he's like everything is on payment plan so that's how they actually price thing
is on payment plan because that's how the credit cards work interesting interesting yeah he did i i
told you he said you know so teddy rodrigo is the guy who interviewed me he's mike phil same's partner
and he's i guess the chief licensee or whatever of groove in brazil and uh and so it was it was really
insightful when he was talking about how it's just very different it's a closed you know closed system
in brazil in terms of the money the money doesn't work the same way so when uh when a lot of us-based
marketers try to break into the brazilian market they just don't understand the difference in the the
the way the finances work the payment collections work and so he said that's the biggest the biggest
thing the biggest issue that that folks have but we're exploring something with uh with those guys
and so damien uh damien had his first conversation with rodrigo and so we'll see cool could we have
glenda for just convenience since everybody's here can we just have michael join this call please
okay i can send him the link yes the only reason i set up a different link was so that the recordings
wouldn't merge you could just stop the recording on this i don't know if we're going to need the recording
in the next one anyway okay so damien drag you out i would i would keep the recording just in case
i i said that damien dragged you out hunting while you were in virginia no no hunting no no hunting but
damien is um setting up a uh what is it called again damien infrared hunting uh night hunting
oh my gosh the videos are incredible imagine being the predator except you get to eat what i don't
have the predator i don't think he ate anybody in that movie that's insane how do you i guess i mean
you know hopefully we don't you know i guess you can tell when it's a wild boar you know from with
the infrared and not you know like you know some random turtle walking through the forest or something
like that see and then if we get the top one mansion then we could save money on food like
damien you could just kill it there you go every mastermind will be wild boar every mastermind will
just be wild a variety of wild boar a lot of synergies man i like it and cost it oh my gosh
oh my gosh any word on michael glenda
no hold on one second
there he is
there he is
all right so uh
so go ahead so damien i'll turn it back to you
all right um hold on one second
okay so uh hey michael how are you
fine thanks
good good to see you hope all was well and uh in france
uh and uh we're gonna hop over so basically you know you uh todd and teddy gave some great feedback
and my goal today is to walk you through kind of uh an update uh based on your feedback and so can
everybody see my screen yes um so we kind of covered all this uh want to talk about what they get uh my
goal is by the end of this is to accomplish two things number one that uh you all can see the
adjustments to the program feel good about them so that chris can get into the full execution mode
uh along with michael of course and then number two todd that you understand the program so that uh
you slash you and i can have a conversation about pricing okay yes um so based on the feedback uh done with
view traffic setup uh everybody liked it what the client needs um so we definitely want to do that
uh i'm sorry the uh i didn't update my transitions on this uh on-demand expert consulting uh really just
limited to uh campaign creation campaign optimization and tech stack uh and again you know so that it can
be process driven and it's not personality driven well teddy knows 80 platforms we're going to make it
very clear what we do and don't assist with right that way uh it is something that isn't just like
well only teddy is the only person in the world that could possibly do this you'll notice that traffic
is not here because i moved traffic they're still going to get the e5 curriculum fireside chat once a month
uh changing the the mastermind to an intensive experience uh and apparently my transition is not
showing up here it's going to pop up it's going to pop up in a second okay my transitions all
they're all crazy yeah there we go okay uh so they also get done with you tracking and reporting
so again we would figure out what that process is we'd only work with you know whatever it is two
platforms or three platforms maybe it's quick funnels or white label and then they also whatever the case
may be but they know that they're getting that set up for them as well and then they're also getting
two times a month done with you traffic so uh the thinking here was uh chris and i
both felt that not having it be a call like an on-demand call but having it be something that they
get uh and carving it out separately has a much higher perceived value to the client and it also
establishes uh a better system for the way this works so that it's like okay so the expectation is my
traffic gets set set up and then twice a month i can meet with a traffic person that will look over
some of the results and make some recommendations on what to do next okay so then overall again they
get done with you traffic set up done with you traffic and reporting set up uh ongoing one-on-one
done with the traffic on-demand expert consulting the education curriculum fireside chats with todd and
two-day five intensive experience any questions about any of this so just to confirm so the top the dw
why the two dw is the traffic setup and tracking and reporting are one-time events correct correct
um we left the tech stack in the expert consulting so that if they need to go back they're running a
new campaign a new offer they're having a pixel issue they can schedule another call but the idea is to
to have a thud factor at the front uh and also to to hopefully you know if we set it up properly they
won't need all those additional calls and the agency's going to do all that or who's doing all
that well the agency will do all the traffic stuff and the tracking and reporting we'd have you set up
the tracking and reporting so then you're back to the same issue of they could be on 12 different
platforms no because when we sell it we're going to very specifically say that like hey it you know
we'd be done with you traffic and reporting with infusionsoft click funnels graphly whatever that
that suite of five or six platforms that we recommend and that's it like we're not going to set the
expectation of no matter what platform you have we're going to get in there and set it up to you
that's ridiculous yeah and so teddy let me let me ask you this and so right so we have the um
the the white label software tool and we have what's that the other the other thing that we got
the tracking thing true conversion true true conversion and so i want to i want to i only have a
couple things i i like it a lot uh i like the changes a lot a lot damien because i like the focus
i like it narrowed uh i do want to talk about the volume of expert consulting calls uh next but the
so we we offer done with you traffic setup which we'll have to talk about you know exactly what that
looks like i don't know if the agency is going to uh list out like what are the 10 steps or eight
steps or seven steps that are part of that we really have to get clear on what does that mean
setup are they doing creative are they right like what what is being done what isn't being done um
you know are they setting up the pixel all that but then on the done with you tracking and reporting
are is there a reason why we wouldn't um like we wouldn't keep that to our own our our tool
like the one the one tool rather than just hey you choose what you want to use to try like this is
right like we can help you with you you're done with you tracking and reporting setup
and then this is what we recommend this is what we this is what we use so they don't get the choice
this is what we use yeah i mean the the plan the way i was thinking about it was certainly to to use
true true conversion and just to kind of make it tool agnostic to to some degree but you know the
reality is if they're using click funnels there's nothing to set up if they're using marketing os
there's nothing to set up uh at least for you know core reporting and i guess that's the other
question right is like what what does tracking and reporting mean like yeah well that's so that will
we'll need to unpack that uh a little bit i think that that goes beyond the scope of this call but we'll
have to really decide right like what are the what are the metrics that people are going to need and
and and use obviously you know there's you know the the tracking inside of click funnels is purely
marketing performance based so it's only telling you about the you know like this page is converting at
x amount this page is converting at that at this amount but um you know where is i guess lifetime
value and is that something that true conversion does no you're not going to get so true conversion
is basically the version isn't going to be any different than than the click funnels dashboard
fundamentally except it'll actually be accurate no well click funnels is going to be more accurate
than true conversion for if they're running on click funnels gotcha so we'll have to really unpack that
like what we because we don't want to overwhelm them but we right like you know we'll yeah we'll uh
uh we'll un we'll have to unpack that uh my question um
my question damien is on the done with you traffic we're going to also have to get very specific in
terms of what that means
it like in other words you you have their analyze and interpret the data you know uh and then make
scaling decisions so that's basically like the person you know from the agency telling them
according to this data x is happening right you're paying x amount per like we're going to have to
really go through what that process looks like yeah i know the whole idea is this will be process
right it will be like every day you get on the call the call has a structure to it
you know like yes it's not just like hey you get time with someone smart and then you get to punch
them in the brain for 45 minutes and you know like that's not what this is going to be okay and so
then my only other question is and i'd love to hear from the rest of the crew michael if anybody
that's got anything to uh to anything insightful is on the expert consulting uh that feels like you
know on top of two times a month uh done with you traffic to have four more calls or the opportunity
for four more calls seems like a lot
now i i mean i don't want to you know
maybe that's a good thing that they have the opportunity to meet with somebody for help
every week um and no more than a week for any one for any one thing uh
any i mean am i just looking too deep at it
anybody have anything i think i would move it down to just one of their
of their four calls all four could be traffic if they want
so so that right so so teddy has a point here um this is something that uh chris actually was on
a little bit on the other side of the fence in this i felt that separating traffic really
has a much higher perceived value but certainly we could throw traffic down below and those still
make it four calls and traffic is you know traffic takes up two of them or three of them so be it
well especially because because the other thing too right is like if it's two times monthly now
they're waiting what todd just said right they're waiting two weeks to get on the
on each traffic call or something urgent comes up yeah but that's like i mean honestly a lot of
these folks that are spending uh 20 a day i know they're they might think it feels urgent but they need
you need time and data to make any intelligent decisions
and so let me throw out um an idea and i'm not even sure where i don't i'm not even sure if this is
valuable but just to simplify um what i was gonna say was they they get well it's really the same thing
hang on one second i just want to think for one second about this
see what my gut tells me is that my gut tells me that the done with you traffic calls are going to
spark the need for optimization um an optimization call like my gut tells me right that somebody's
gonna you know somebody's gonna look at this and say you know you're you generated x amount of leads
we sent x amount of visitors your opt-in rate is ten percent you need to fix that
right they're not going to help them fix that that's not done with you traffic you need to fix that
and that's going to spark the need for you know campaign optimization
that makes sense
or something's not tracking right and then they need a tech call
which i you know is that necessarily a bad thing right i mean at the end of the day that means that
we're we're moving the needle for them right i mean if they're jumping on these calls and they need
to optimize that's again they need us right the necessity to the program is now built in right
from right from the get-go right it's like you jumped on that call boom you do stuff there's
movement happening and again that's what they're paying for yeah and so does anybody have any like
any immediate red flags or anything that just doesn't feel right on this that we'll go into i mean
the the how this stuff gets delivered is to me the most important like part of this right like
because we've got you know hey you got a campaign creation you know call up there well i mean so much
falls under the idea of campaign creation um but does any is there are there any immediate red flags or
anything that anybody feels like this is what do you guys think about the instead of having just a
two-day uh mastermind having some sort of like a repeating two-day e5 intensive experience twice a
year they can go to both and it's e5 related so like it's e5 focus yeah so here's my question
but i i think that's a great idea because it again it allows us we can sell other people into
it it creates more structure and the reality is most of these folks don't really know enough that
they're going to add any value in a mastermind to other people the only value they're going to add is
friendship which they can get in the e5 intensive experience and a nice lunch that we host for them
um and i think also the fact that we don't call it a mastermind can change the deliverables we could
probably cut down the expenses quite a bit on it my question is this what if if the e5
intensive experience like hey we're going to help them build a campaign if we were willing to talk
about backends as well i mean really think about it i mean jared messer is like hey i built all this
business on one campaign like most people if they get one back end out in a year it's a great
accomplishment for them so what if we just got rid of campaign creation on the expert consulting and if
they need additional campaigns they could come to the e5 and they get a ticket to the e5 intensive
experience and then you know you'll be there maybe i'll be there maybe mike will be there maybe paul
will be there but the point is they can get a lot of stuff done whether it's strategy on their back
end or otherwise at that experience and eliminate that call well i think i like the direction that
you're going i like the i like the thinking i think the it may be smart for us to from you know from
michael and and paul maybe uh to hear some of the the questions that people have like in e5 coaching
plus so some of the people from e5 coaching plus that have been around for a while that went through e5
e5 camp e5 uh aa or e5 coaching whatever and what are some of the questions that they're they're asking
now like what are some of the needs that they have and is it more campaign creation or is it
you know like i got a question about my back end or my business strategy or something like that i don't
know and that's where i think that the the categories for the expert consulting should should come in
michael well i mean the latest uh students we've gotten into um e5 coaching have needed help with
campaign creation they have existing campaigns and um they're just bad you know and they they want
they need help they needed help and we offered help on those if that makes sense but they very
quickly moved from that to media buying media buying media buying and now what do i do now what do i do
you know what i'm saying so i i would i think that campaign creation i don't think that's something you
could ever get rid of okay even if even if somebody even if let's say they get it only takes them
three months and they get a good campaign running media buying wise well now what are they going to
do well another campaign you know what i mean yeah and i don't care how many times until they've done a
bunch of them they're going to forget nuances they're going to get stuff from they're going to
they're going to try to talk about their product during the um you know marketing argument they they
always do that so yeah i think damien i i think michael brings up a good point and i do think and
i'm not sure how we would phrase it if we would phrase it at all but the fireside chats are really where
bigger picture strategic questions um could be answered and addressed for folks and so uh
uh but the the e5 intensive experience what do we what do we think about that are we are we missing
an opportunity to do something you know something bigger something special what do you guys think
about that well i i would say we should definitely look at figuring out how can we monetize it obviously
on the back end right yeah same way we're doing with top one now right so whether it's one or two people
come out of there in the top one or or to the agency or something yeah i don't understand exactly
what it is is that just um it's basically like the thought michael was um was doing what it is
that i think we did it once or twice after um all those marketers all those popular marketers were in the
were in the room it's basically it's basically covering e5 in two days okay so it's basically
like a refresher on you know like putting people in a room and bringing them from a to z with um
the e5 the e5 method so it's you know i could do it you could do it paul could do it you know we could do
do it together uh i mean the thought is i you know i would probably be doing the majority of them
uh but that's the thought okay got it and so i'm i'm open though i'm not right i'm not in love with
any i'm not married to anything and so any any thoughts on that just that these this isn't one single
program this is a a um a list of several things correct this is a list of what after e5aa people
would enroll in what's currently being called e5 masters this would be the the pinnacle program
the program that we we keep people in into perpetuity until if and when they're ready to go to
top one and the first thing that would happen when they enroll in when they move over from e5aa
into e5 masters is done with you traffic set up then after that done with you tracking and reporting
or dat done with you dashboard set up and then they would ongoing get the right now as it stands they
would twice a month they would get to uh they would meet with somebody one-on-one to do done with you
traffic right to review their data from their traffic uh and they if they need campaign creation
help or campaign optimization help or tech help you know four times a month they would get a
one-on-one call there for training they get access to the e5 um coaching plus curriculum that monster
curriculum once a month the thought is right now i would host for these folks a a fireside chat kind
of an ask me anything and then twice a year we would host live in person a two-day e5 intensive okay got it
thank you so anything that you don't like on here anything that you think is unnecessary anything
that you think is yeah no i i like this whole thing um i i i worry i mean we're gonna need more
coaches i guess i mean like in that big one the on-demand one-on-one expert consulting like right
now you've got uh four coaches who can do number one but not number two and not number three uh i i
wouldn't worry about let's not worry about delivery right now like our this is this is from the sales
and marketing we want to make sure that a we're designing a program that's highly desirable and that's
going to be immensely helpful and impactful to our clients um at the end of the day right if we
decided they needed to learn ballet because that was going to make them the best marketers on the
planet then we just figure out how to deliver that right now it's just figuring out yeah i think the
goal and i just want to make sure i want to restate this for everybody right number one right now we have
the opportunity to put together the best program the best meaning what is great for the client and what is
the right fit for us as a company with what it is that we do so we get to engineer whatever it is
that we want right we're making the decisions on each of these these components and we also want to
we want to be able to feel good like we've put together something special something right valuable
something that's different from other something that fills in the gaps that people aren't getting
elsewhere and something that's truly going to help our clients get get results or at least
increase the odds substantially for them to get the results that they need that's our aim right and
so if something is missing right i don't want to have stuff in here just for the sake of of fluff
if we're missing something right then now's the time to to to talk about it okay
i was really sharing that for everybody not just you no thank you okay
kenny anything that you would you would share because i know you're usually very you know very um in tune with
the market and what the market wants and are we giving them what they want i was going to say
vociferous but yes teddy i i mean potentially the only thing that's missing which you know isn't in any of
our sweet spots but mindset yeah i i mean look in all fairness i think this leadership team could use some
mindset training and so uh in all fairness um so uh but i get it yeah no but other than that uh
and damien so you feel you feel confident that these things can be turned into a process a repeatable
process i do okay all right then um i don't have anything else then okay so i have one more question
if you don't mind damien of course um yeah is there um have you given any thought to um
like right now acquisition accelerator is a separate thing from the the coaching from the mastery this
whatever this is um is there a reason why it why you feel it needs to be separate no that's why if
you look on the side how we sell it we don't sell it bundled well what did you mean by that michael do
you mean in terms of the way it gets sold or do you mean like what did you mean by that well i guess what i
meant was um like when we split out the um like when we just did we split out acquisition accelerator at
need five coaching um we were doing it together before like when when someone would um
well i i get what i get what you're getting at michael and and that is my vision
like even for the traffic stuff like i feel like some of the market research and other stuff and
the primary promise and some of those work should she should be brought to the traffic setup right they
shouldn't be just be like scratching their noggin and going like i have no idea like they should
literally a lot of the work at least in terms of the targeting and the messaging should already be
done and so the answer is yes we should be looking for bridges and building them okay yeah and i i
really think that um you know because i i get what what michael's saying you know and
it almost to some extent goes back a little bit to uh to what you and i have talked about before damien
a mistake that we've made with having this kind of you know a middle program or whatnot it almost and
this is really semantics but it it's almost like you know i don't want to confuse it i don't want to
i don't want to make it more complex than it needs to be but it's almost like you know e5 coaching
really has two main stages the first stage is e5 acquisition accelerator it's x number of weeks
and it covers the setup of your campaign and blah blah blah all the pieces the perfection of your e5
campaign right and then the second phase is e5 masters and that's where you go into traffic setup
dashboard setup right all that and so it definitely needs to be one seamless right it's same team it's
just a different place on the journey for these people okay and and you know what you know maybe
what i was just saying about mindset is is the thing that that i think is the concern right which is
the the challenge has been in the past is they've completed the campaign then they launch traffic
and it doesn't work right and so now they're entering this program right off the bat of this new
second phase with i just spent all that time i did all that work i paid all that money
it's not so like establishing that mindset from the beginning that they need this because it's most
likely not going to work right off the bat well i think that the big the big difference i think right
and and and somebody can correct me if i'm mistaken but is right we they the the campaign is set up
like is done is published is live on the net and now if they want our help in setting up and launching
the traffic and the tracking and the dashboards and the optimizing of you know going through the
iterations and all of that that's this so e5aa takes them all the way to your campaign is ready for you
to begin sending traffic to that's not right and the promise is new customers daily is that like damien how
is it being framed by the the the the sales people because i thought that right we uh we we talked
about regardless of the sales paper everything that we say about the e5 method is the promises yeah i
mean that is i mean if you look at the script it is like a predictable process to get new customer
sales every single day right but are they saying that you're going to have a predictable new customer
sales by the end of the eight weeks no but i don't know if i don't know how that's heard by a client
i don't know if they hear right if i if i pitch a client i say hey i'm gonna you know by by the end
of this you're gonna have a predictable process to get new customer sales you're never going to struggle
with it in their mind they start going i think i would hear that and jump to the conclusion of by the
end of this new customers are going to be showing up at my doorstep like i get mail
a hundred percent a hundred percent i mean yeah that's that's you're definitely going to hear
that right i mean you have a deep desire i mean that you're you're you're almost you're skating right
on that edge there yeah that's what they hear
yeah i'm not really sure uh i'm not really sure what to say to that damien i think the reality is is
that i know this is going to sound terrible but the reality is is that we do have to skirt that edge
without promising them that they're going to have you know uh because i again we're never going to
promise that you're gonna you're going to get new buyers every single day i can't we can't promise
that because they could choose not to run traffic right and i think i think actually the right so in
other words right we're going to teach you a system that you can listen we're going to teach
you a system that you can use to get new clients predictably and consistently every day we're going
to write we're going to set you up with a campaign that you can use to get new clients consistently
and predictably right like i wouldn't say to them that like i never say by the end of this
or at least i don't think i do uh you're going to have you're going to be getting clients every
single day the the i know that it's it it is walking a thin line and clients may be hearing
that i'm going to have but we certainly can't promise that because again somebody could choose
to to not run traffic and then what well i i think at that point it's on them i'm saying this is actually
you know a value add to this program right it's like hey if you if you complete a5aa and you do the
campaign then we will be there to hold your hand to get that campaign to the end goal promise land
yeah what we just need to where see where i get concerned is i just i would want to make sure that
people understand that like look we're going to e5aa is going to get you to the point where you've got
a done published ready to use ready to start acquiring clients campaign right that right a red a
done ready to use publish live on the internet campaign that you can start to use to get new
clients you know daily and consistently right uh and and if you would like our help in setting up the
traffic and and uh reporting on the traffic and optimizing the traffic and whatnot that is e5 masters
which we're going to invite you to go into after e5aa like that's i just don't want to blur the lines
i don't want them to think that that they're one in the same i want them to realize that e5aa is about
setting up the campaign and then it gets turned over to you what they choose to do with it if they leave
at that point is totally up to them right they could choose to publish a blog and try to get traffic to
their campaign through the blog or social media or paid or or whatever right it's now it's done it's
it's theirs we recommend paid traffic and if you want our help setting it up and optimizing it and
reporting on it and and all that and making decisions on it we can help you do that that's
part of e5 masters i just don't want to blur the lines between the the um the two and so i just we
would you know i would i would certainly want the sales people to be careful um and i know it's
weird that this is i'm i'm more concerned with this than letting you know then the way we talk about
you know you'll have a campaign done that you can use to start generating new buyers
and so damien i'm rambling yeah let me let me do one quick note uh go ahead chris
no i was just gonna say i think this is this is really kind of hidden hitting on what we're
gonna be talking about in a little bit with michael which is just really like hammering out those
expectations um you know for aa and what does that look like um especially right especially as we're
launching another program making sure making sure you know the expectations are clear for the customer
because again you you can you can you can pitch something that's good and we might even fulfill but if
it's not in line with the ascension process especially with their thinking um that i can
really start jacking up um that process when we get to the end of aa you know if their mindset again
mindset isn't set on this is this is the trajectory this is where i'm going this is what we're this is what
you guys are going to fulfill and this is what's next like that needs to be you know very clear beforehand
during and then that way we get to it it's not we're not setting those expectations when we get to week
nine it's already clear they're already they're already sold they're already in and and they're
seeing the need again they're seeing the need for it as they're going through the program so
again it's selling itself right as they're building this stuff out you know like the necessity for
traffic and getting that set up becomes more clear as you progress yeah so yeah i'll just yeah i i think
i i completely agree with you i think that you know it feels like and this is probably a sales thing
that we just need to continue to to to um to hammer this into sales and continue to keep them
reined in um but you know it's it's always been pretty clear i believe to me and michael and and paul
that the aim is to get the e5 campaign completed published live on the net and then you you go to it
right like in other words right we're not traffic experts and so we're not they're not setting up traffic
and logging into facebook and right we'll get you that foundation of your business set up done the
right way and ready to be used there are a ton of different ways right to to to use it right to use
that campaign there are a ton of different ways to use it and so our job is to get that foundational
campaign completed the right way in e5 campaign right published live online done and done the right
way and so again i'm stressing that damien because we're not selling like yeah you're going to be
making 10 grand a month every month from then then you certainly can right and let me just say one
final thing and then we do have to jump to the uh sales call todd and so chris uh i'm going to need
you to have to take the call uh uh i'm gonna i'm gonna need you to take the call with uh with michael but
what i was going to say was the other thing is now that we have when we have this program on the
front side i think we can pitch this whole program on the front right hey it's 25 grand it's 30 grand
it's this amount of time it's nine months and then if they go whoa that's too much then i think they
could back down and say well we could just start by doing the first part and i think that will
naturally create a clear delineation of expectation and delivery sure because if they right because
then it doesn't seem like oh well what do you mean you're not going to get me traffic you're not going
to do this it's like well no this is everything but we can start with this and make a massive jump
forward in your business sure and so i i like that a lot because again it's setting that expectation
it's like there's four parts of the process here here's the package we can we can we could do a
huge pitch on what will include almost pitching the e5 masters and aa together right all the benefits
that come with it but if price is an issue it's like okay well we can deliver on part one and and
just the thought process as somebody who's buying you know part one of a part four process you
automatically have that built in that yeah you're not going to get everything right it's already built
and you're not going to get all that but part two through four is where you get a b c d e f g and i
think it just i don't know just hearing that as maybe as a consumer that to me is is just it's much more clear
okay and so damien so what what happens next what happens next is i'd like you to tell me what what uh
what the pricing model is based on the three offers i think we need to have unless you feel
drastically different and chris is going to start working on identifying and building out
uh the processes and then we'll figure out the people we need to put into each of those places
okay all right
so some of that damien i'll tell you that what i would like to see and i know that it's it's it's uh
it's going to require some work but i'd like to understand i mean for me to understand pricing i need
to understand what it's going to cost us and so done with it right on that i already i already gave
that to you it's already on the yeah is that that's accurate like how did how did you come
up with that number can you share that screen one more time um sure
so done for you traffic setup is based on some initial calls that uh when chris was talking to
uh a lady uh the lady who did some stuff with uh justin brooke anyways that's that's based on the
hours and find an hourly yeah so done with you tracking and reporting well if teddy is doing
that there's certainly a price tag on that because of what teddy teddy doesn't work for free
yeah but he's currently he's currently on salary and currently does two group calls a week which would
then be removed from his schedule which would free him up to do these calls so we'd be moving
teddy's time around it's not like we're gonna it's not like we're gonna have five people uh
do we set up a week yeah but you can't you can't do it that way because if god forbid something happens
to teddy and he needs to be replaced what is it gonna cost us
right teddy decides he wants to go on vacation for six months to the maldives or whatever right
and we have to replace them for those six months and so i would you need to build in a cost of that
yeah okay so even if we put it at five uh because it's going to be less than traffic for sure
okay is traffic is traffic always going to be facebook even if that's not even if adwords is
better for them no it's not always going to be facebook okay so what is that total damien it is 22
5 500 and then you got to remember if it's sold on the front there'll be a commission to a sales
person if there's sold on the back uh if chris is doing the upgrade there'll be a smaller commission
to chris todd's time shouldn't be free either he loves talking to people
um okay if you can slack me damien what the commission would be um that would be helpful
yeah all right i'll just send you this you got it we should hop on the sales call
all right thank you guys so much sorry for the rush
bye have a good one guys um hey damien quick question yeah you there um for michael um and i
are we are we planning on jumping on after that sales call uh it's up to you all i know is i'm
15 minutes late to this call so if you feel like you could handle without me that's cool if you
feel like you like there that's cool it's just gonna need to do after i'm done with this call
sounds good hey michael you can just stay on and we'll see if we can hack it out
cool all right i'm gonna bounce too do you need me on the coaching level 10 today i got a bunch of
i got an hvec guy at my house and a couple other things i gotta do no actually um michael is it okay
if we if if we hold off on the coaching level 10 for this week or i mean i guess you could still host
it with all those guys can't make it either so it'd be just me and paul sounds like and you okay
yeah let's let's if we can let's just call it off for this week i know especially with this stuff
it's going to be i i'm i'm packed today but we can reconvene next week perfect awesome all right
guys all right yep take care
cool well i hey i was i was hoping uh we were skating right on the uh right on the edge of your
question um and and so um i i guess it's really just kicking it kicking it down the court for us
and then i'll i'll talk with damien i'm actually at the coffee shop damien's at we're gonna be jumping
in we're supposed to hammer out the the final pieces of this program um i i get what you're saying
completely um you know obviously done you know done with you um is different than done for you
and i know we made an exception but now i'm the question i'm gonna ask just so you know um is our
is is now the exception the rule where do we draw the line on that right where it's like okay i mean
is it is it now done for you is it um you know because you know todd the last call we had with todd he
made it clear that his expectation is this as long as they jump on the call and you're extracting that
information um it's still done with you and so those are the parameters right so this guy who mentioned
that it that's still within kind of within the parameters but not because if he's just going to
be dumb on the call and you're unable to extract information then that to me is not meeting the
qualifications number one number two okay i get that that's the the fringe of it right like at the
worst case scenario yes technically if you jump on the call and you know we extract the information
it's technically done with you but like is that is that what we want the program to be and that's
a question that i'm going to be posing i mean still within the parameters but how many of these are we
going to be doing like this because that changes capacity and changes the the dynamic that you have with
the coaches um as far as what you're able to take on um and so um that it yeah love love to hear your
thoughts that's where my brain is going with this right now okay so um i don't know if you remember
the spreadsheet and all of the things that the students are required to do and we're required to
do for this done with you program there's a lot of homework for the students to do a lot of learning
a lot of videos and a lot of writing that has to be done i can fix the writing if it's crap i can do
that right i can also take a bunch of information that they give me and if i have to i'll write it for
them but see it all balances out because for every one of those that i have to do everything for
there's eight or nine people who i don't have to do it for right does that make sense so i mean it all
comes down it all evens out like i don't want to say that every client is going to cost three and a
half hours a week on the average of time because that's not going to happen some weeks i don't have to
do anything after hours for the the client sometimes i do a little sometimes i do more
right but on the whole if if if um it's done with you then they can they can have a um they're going
to spend a significant amount of time doing work it's still done with them there's never any question
of what to do right yeah so you're saying you're saying there's a balance obviously there's a balance
for every you know so often we get somebody that you're doing more work on there's always a handful
of people that are are doing a lot of this stuff and at least some of the stuff they're doing is
correct or at least it's kicking the ball down the court right versus starting at the zero you know
the the one yard line you know it's like okay well some guys kick it down to the 20 yard line some
to the 50 yard line some right further down further down the field um but you know obviously
it's a whole different ball game for somebody who's didn't kick it at all right no kicking
um and that makes sense i understand that capacity wise question um you know because it's on this i'm
just trying to think you know as far as percentage it's something that you know i feel like damien would
ask me you'd say okay chris well how many people are you doing done for you for i mean because only one
person that we're aware of that was promised done for you and it's that one um i forgot the
person's name now um but yeah that one person that that jim promised done basically we're going to say
done with you but we're going to say no you do all the kicking they're not doing any kicking um then
the only other person i can think of is a person that you just sent sent me over right marty um
that's isn't some marty so but marty um he could be dumb on the calls but he still has to show up
and produce like what i guess what was what was i want to know okay being dumb on the calls does that
did he think that he doesn't have to do anything that may be a better question yeah
if he does no homework and it's crap and then it shows up and i have to do it for him
that's that's what's been going on so we're up to his fourth call and um
he keeps not doing the work right um but if it were if i had if i felt i had the power to do this
i would say look you're out you're fired as a student you're not doing anything i can't help
you right that's that would be i don't do that but i mean this is a case where he doesn't even do the
work on the school bus on the way to school he doesn't even do that much you know wow so i mean
yeah well it's frustrating it is frustrating and he was told hey hey just play dumb and they'll handle
it for you um because because when he had the the conversation with jim um he was asking for
done for you well we don't do that but you play stupid and then they'll do all the work well that's
hasn't been i've been going out of my way paul listen this is one of paul this is paul's trial
his training a client so paul and i are both on the call with these guys trying to help them you
know and so like for example paul showed look here's how you find um here's how you find direct
response competitors a b c d e they still didn't do it they still didn't understand how even though we
did it did it with them did it for them actually you know what i mean so it's like yeah i i'm telling
you man if um now i'm not i'm not giving them a hard time because i know a lot of that's probably our
fault for for making a promise for for saying what we said right yeah so you know i'm not giving as far
as they know i still love them i'm still going to bend over backwards for them and i told them i
said okay fill this out to this level look at this look how i'm doing it and get it to me um this week
so i can start doing this for you because their deadline is in a couple of weeks that they need
this thing for and that's what he talked to jim about i'm like okay well if that's what i sold you
i'm gonna deliver but okay so here it's gonna be a time suck man because it's in the financial
this is like um it's not it's not even he's in these options he he's in week four um promised done for you
needs it done in two weeks so capacity-wise well it's a couple things so you're gonna be
i guess a couple questions marty takes up how many how many time slots like marty is
one student does he now take because of the work the additional work you're doing is that like two
students or is it like three students uh that's hard to answer uh the the more appropriate
question is um or what will it be for the next two weeks yeah you've got a question for the next two
weeks for the next two weeks i'm gonna be working 12 hour days man 12 16 hour days get this done
that sucks man i so let's let's do this then um okay so marty's gonna be done in two weeks correct
so you pump it out marty's okay done in two weeks well yeah he'll be done and he he may not like what
i give him because he isn't going to give me the the right amount of um data that i need right so
there may be that and well then i would make that very very very very clear that's again that's why
he has to fill this stuff out okay okay if you made it clear expectations like for me to deliver
on this i need you to do this stuff if you do not deliver this you will not get x or or x may not be
what you think it is you know you may order a barbecue sandwich and get a chicken sandwich you
know what i mean like i i need i need specific ingredients to to build this and if i don't have it
you're not going to get that right you can't make spaghetti out of couscous you know what i mean
um my my stepdad's moroccan so i had to use uh use that example but um yeah i love couscous yeah i grew
up eating uh moroccan food and uh okay so we i'm going to talk with damien on this and and get on a
um get on a call with jim and uh well i'll talk with damien hopefully damien gets on a call with jim and
resets expectations because um this is going to really really really throw off um judging capacity
um and that's going to be really and again it's going to be only you you know you for the most part
are doing it um and that's just it's just not sustainable long term so i my thought is this
is modifying that right modifying it to yeah um you know we're gonna we're gonna make sure you get it done
but we the minimum requirements is jumping on the calls and finishing the worksheets right like
there's there's still specific um and maybe it's specific worksheets i don't know is it all the
worksheets and maybe not that all the videos well like there needs to be at least um some kicking it
down the the court number one for what you just said right if if they don't fill out certain things
and you don't get the information you need you're going to be cooking up the wrong sandwich and again at
the end it doesn't serve us well because that customer is asking for done for you we're trying
to stick you know around you know uh a round peg in a square hole and they're not going to be
satisfied in the end because not not because we didn't deliver on something but we delivered on the
wrong thing and we needed specific information to get that and so my thought is this um minimum
requirement is is is worksheets there's gonna be mandatory worksheets required and jumping on these
calls that's what's required required of you for us to deliver on this it is still done with you
yes if you don't have you know if you're not able to kick it down down the field um you know
you butchered this you butchered that they're going to do it with you on the call but doing
it with you on the call still requires you to bring the ingredients to the call right and these ingredients
these ingredients are necessary for us to build in that's terminology i'm going to use we need you to bring
the ingredients and maybe even when he's talking to customers maybe using something like that like
hey you know at the end of the day we're going to cook we're going to cook a meal up with you like
you're going to be there and we don't even mind if you're sitting down and we're cooking the meal
but we need you number one you need to be in the restaurant and number two you need you need to bring
the ingredients i think the right framing i think the right framing for this i kind of mentioned it in
that thing i deleted it is simply that um we i want to give them this skill i want them to have
the skill that i mean it's something you got to learn to do and i'm going to be it's kind of like uh
um it's kind of like vocational training you know like to be a welder or a bricklay or anything i'm
going to do it with you until you get it right i agree i think that's what what's what our ideal client
is but i already know again i get where you're coming from i do i've i've worked with as far as
jim is concerned shouldn't that be the framing shouldn't that be what he's selling isn't that more
valuable than just a campaign agreed 100 now we're 100 same page like 120 i i wholeheartedly agree not
not only because of that but because again they're going to need to know why go through the whole
process and not know how to do it why sit on the call it'd be like you know going through this
training you know i don't know like i'm a baseball player and i'm going through a clinic i used to
you know play baseball um a little little post high school as well and you know like i'm going
through a baseball clinic right and uh you know i'm not i'm not paying attention to it like it's
like but i need it i'm a let's just say i'm a third baseman right and it's uh you know i don't know
like a throwing clinic right it's like well i'm gonna need to throw eventually like i'm gonna need
to know how to throw like why would i why would i sit in the clinic and just not not pay attention
to it and you'd be like no no no you pass all the exams for me you pass all the exams and you play
the first game for me it's like well great i'll play the first game for you chris i'll sub i'll sub
in but like dude there's plenty of games ahead why would you not want to know it and so it's immensely
valuable to me it's unbelievably foolish and in most cases extremely lazy that a lot of these
people are doing what they're doing and to me if they're already lazy right like like are these
people we want in our um program in the first place agreed however however i know um talking
paid the money right and i already know from the sales marketing i'll say this way damien for years
always told me this he said chris because i always think operationally he's like chris remember
sales and marketing triumphs and ops just needs to catch up basically we're gonna lead with sales
and marketing and you need to basically um you know figure out how to make it happen right and so
i've spent seven years kind of in that already and so um i say that i already know where where where
the mindset is at is this is okay well chris yes let's let's say i get them to um i get damien to
kind of reset the expectations with jim and say hey this is how it should be pitched right should
be pitched with you know you're obviously not just you know we're doing it with you but you're
learning a valuable skill so that you can replicate it so you don't have to pay an agency in the future
right i don't care if you bring in your your marketing guy i don't care if you bring your whole
team whatever you got to do this is immensely valuable for you now what happens when we talk to
that person that says that's great i don't have a ton of time what happened what if i'm not able to you
know to finish everything and and jim is like no worries what's done with you as long as you
jump on those calls and as long as you do the worksheets we're gonna we're gonna make sure we
kick it down you know down the field and you have a finished product in the end okay customer here's
okay so as long as i do minimum minimal work i'm gonna get a finished campaign in the end
right that's a line i'm okay with skating that line because i think we're gonna have to
regardless i think no matter what when you deal with sales people and anytime there's a line they
they love to hide on that line but i think the issue right now is we don't have clear expectations
on what we're requiring of that person who wants to skate that line and so i think if we if we do that
yes we're going to get some people on the fringes but i think it's we really need to shield ourselves
from a broad statement of show up on the call you can be dumb and not do anything from yeah show up on
the call and in my mind right now i know we made the exception for the one person and i know todd was
like as long as they're on the calls we'll do it for them now i i'm gonna go ahead and pitch that we
further that expectation a little bit further so i'll let you know how that goes but that's where that
that's where my mind is at um paired with paired with making sure that we're really really really
selling the education component of it because again i i don't know i don't know why somebody wouldn't
want to like if somebody was on a call with me and they said no i don't want to i don't want to show
up i i well i just fine i'll just show up but i won't do any work i'd be like really like you're
gonna spend this much money like you're gonna spend this much of investment let me ask you a
question do you think you'll ever have another campaign that you need written yes okay so um
are you willing to pay every time you need a campaign built are you willing to pay x dollar
amount to have that built uh yeah do you think that's a viable route is that a way to scale and grow
right because i mean this to me is a business development issue right if that person is already
in that in that mind space of they don't want to pay the money to have an agency do it right because
if they did they would go they obviously have an agency do it um again they're not going to get the
quality work and so they want the quality work well the only way you can ever identify right even
identify quality work is having some basic understanding of how it actually works so even if you said i don't
want to do it in the future i'd say well that's fine but you need to at least understand it and
learn like show up and at least understand what you need to be looking for in the person that you're
going to be hiring and you know if if you want to pay for e5 camp for that person you have a basic
understanding or even knowing how to find an agency to be able to do the work you first need to understand
what you're looking for and so i again i i do agree that there's some positioning i think some
positioning issues happening because i don't know why somebody wouldn't i feel like if somebody was
like skating on the fence i i would then sell them into getting off the fence you know it's like
the person that the person had to dance that the wallflower it's like all right i need to convince
like i know you want to stay on the wall but i need to get you off that wall and dancing there's a
it's fun there's there's a promise you there's an upside to it and so yeah i'm i'm on the same boat
with you i'll talk with uh i'll talk with damien and see if i can at least um see if we can reposition
that um now based on what i said do you agree kind of where i'm at or kind of have any do you
have any questions on that or uh yeah i'm just i'm a little you you said so much um
you're saying that there's a there should be we should establish the sales guy should establish
right on the call what um their their role is going to be during the training basically yeah
so yeah i'll i'll try and systematize and say it this way um step one for them is making sure they're
pitching the um the the the benefits of done with you right like there's a benefit of learning this
number one like you like i think it's very easy to to sell it right you can replicate it why why
sit on a call and go through nine weeks and not learn it number one number two for the people that
hear the fringe right and salesperson is going to be a salesperson we're always going to deal with
that tension of a salesperson and the person delivering it since a history of salespeople
that's just the nature of it right and so anytime there's a line they're going to skate that line
so if they're going to skate that line my thought is talking with damien and todd and saying hey
i know last time you said as long as they jump on the calls however there's a capacity
issue within the long term i think and so what if we made the requirements jump on the calls
and do x amount of worksheets like specific worksheets so there's this element of them
bringing ingredients to the call so that we can actually make sure that we deliver we deliver
what is needed does that make sense so that you know and so i don't know what those worksheets are
that would be you but like you know and a salesperson doesn't need to know what they are you could
just say hey there's specific worksheets that you're going to have to fill out so that you know
for that person that's like man i'm so busy and i'm worried that i'm going to be you know i'm not
going to have the time it's like well hey like you know the requirements we have you know we're going
to do it with you um now if you're not interested in learning you know learning the process um it's
going to be very hard because this is an educational process but nonetheless we're still going to need
at bare minimum that you jump on the calls and two that you fill out you know you need specific
worksheets that are going to be required for you to fill out because again for us to be able to
deliver on this we need that information the person who has that information is you and so regardless
there's going to be a requirement of your time off these calls that we're going to need so that the
coaches are able to deliver on you know on on on x and so that's my thought it's it's again it's
repositioning it's almost like um not conning them into education but um almost doing what a
salesperson would do to get them in the program to get them like it's repositioning in a way it's
like yeah we're going to do it with you if you want to be dumb on the calls i wouldn't ever say that
but if you want to be dumb on the calls fine but you got to at least do these worksheets and show up to
these calls and be able to provide the information all right so that that spreadsheet that i that
todd approved that you saw that has that delineates what they need to do the hours they need to spend
on um stuff like that that's still valid um well i mean the last call we were on todd todd was okay
with that one student coming into the program in so long as they showed up to the call so i'm talking
about when he when he decided to go with this done with you program i gave him the spreadsheet he went
through the numbers did his math and he was cool with it that is that hasn't changed there's there's
off time that the students have to uh you know off call things that they have to do that's all
delineated there so do you still have access to that you know what i'm talking about i do actually can
you resend that to me sure in slack yeah resend that to me because then i can i can use you know and
honestly i don't even think i need to get into like send it to me anyways but with damien for me
and for a sales person is they don't even need to know what worksheets they are just the fact that
there there are going to be required worksheets and then when they jump on the call with you
you're the one who's saying hey for this week i need you to do this you watch the video they never
not know what to do they never not know what to do but if somebody's like i don't really care
about the education part okay well then i still need you to fill out these worksheets what what's
that course of action for that fringe person hopefully it's a fringe and we again reposition
selling the education component because i think that's part of the issue
but for let's just say one out of five people fall into this wallflower category
being clear on on i don't want to watch any videos i don't want to learn anything
fine i still need you to do this homework i still need you to do this stuff because i need this i
need this information right and so it's it's changing the the positioning to that person it's
like that's fine oh but you still want me to fill this up i need you to fill that out because that's
the only way we can build this campaign okay so they they want an alternative way to position
a scene see i'm worried that that's what they'll default to yes i i agree um but what ends i think
what ends up happening in in the world of sales people is when you don't have a option b they
create one you know what i mean like and you think about um i'm reminded i don't know if i ever told
you the story my dad um was an engineer for a long time and he used to build new batteries right
yeah and and p you know sales guys are like oh no no we can we can build it like this and like that
and my dad's like like physics just doesn't allow that like you just can't you just can't do what
you're asking me to do like it literally is impossible just make it happen it's like but it
can't happen so like you got to stop selling people that and so it doesn't matter what i guarantee you we
go back to like you know a thousand bc and people were doing the same thing with sales guys and so um
i think creating like some parameters and and an easy way for them to pitch that enticement like
there's an enticing element of done with you and the parameters that that todd has stated which is
as long as they show up on the calls and so what i'm trying to do is like okay that's enticing to a
salesperson that's enticing to todd and damian operationally that's very unenticing to us right
that's unbelievably unenticing and so i'm trying to find where's that plan b that is enticing to them
that they can default to that doesn't become the wild walled west of what they're going to default to and
so it's like yes you can still keep going with oh you know i don't want to learn anything fine you
and i would be like work on selling them on why they need to learn it i agree i'm going to push
that but what if they don't what if they default to their classic salesperson mentality of don't
worry like john you know just jump on those calls and key part here is and you know there's a
requirement you need to fill out these worksheets you know so that they're able to you know do a b and
see you know just like you know bringing ingredients to a cookout you know we can't cook
the we can't cook the steak without the steak and the and the salt so as long as you're willing to do
that great awesome john well glad to have you on board right and we're like cringing we're like ah
there's more you could have said they're on board now and we position it when we're on those calls as
hey great like he's like you know um you know this is what our our week's gonna look like and the guy's
like hold on hold on jim told me that i can just show up and be a dummy you're like i mean i'd
recommend you not but you know i mean i don't mind you saying like hey there's a lot of value here
um but if if you just want to show up um that's fine but i need you to show up and again positioning
it show up with the worksheets that are required which i know jim mentioned on the call yeah he said i
had to fill up fill out some stuff definitely need that filled out i need it filled out well and when i
when you're on these calls i'm going to need to extract information from you think of it this way
i'm the cook you're bringing the ingredients okay the only way i can cook cook cook cook up the x is
if you bring the ingredients and again it's just repositioning we're still going to make them do a
lot of stuff in my mind but positioning in such a way that still delivers on that fringe element of
what a salesperson is going to default to without sacrificing you know you spending 20 hours on a
campaign partially because they have information that you need and it would help you you know
obviously tremendously to have these things filled out and so does that is that clear yeah the only
thing you misspoke about was um uh todd recognizing that all they have to do is show up to the call
and we'll collect the data um that's the only that's the only thing you just said really that i disagree
with that i um what so i'm just basing it on the last call i'm just basing it on that last call on
that fringe client that's the only reason why i'm saying that is the last client that they made the
exception for and todd was like as long as they show up you know and and so i'm gonna get clarity on
that because i you and i actually are on the same page on that i don't i've got it i'll send it to you
i'll send you all the clarity exactly what they need to do in between calls it's all spelled out
everybody gave me the thumbs up and that's that's how i handle it that's what i so and what was that
was that for the last was that just for clarity when all the thumbs up was this in regard to that done
for you client no no okay that's that's that's why i'm saying that why i'm what i'm saying this is
because when we did the done for you client todd todd and damien seem to shift on on what they're
they're allowing in and that is what i'm i'm talking about they seem to shift now from that
to okay as long as they jump on the calls and what i'm saying is okay we went from very clear
delineation with what you're sending me right now to now they just need to jump on the calls and what
i'm saying is okay that's way too far of a spread i'm now going to propose let's meet in the middle here
they can they can show up and be dumb don't advise it i think we need to revise the sales process to
really sell them into the education component of it but god forbid they don't they at least need to
show up on the calls yes and i want to add something else they need to show up with specific worksheets
filled out and finished i don't care if it's you who fills it out i don't care if it's director of
marketing who fills it out but we need these things filled out and we need we need some things
kick down the court so that we have the right ingredients okay all right i'll send this to you
so you know what i can do and um i'll just put it in slack right now while we're here so i don't
otherwise i'll forget um i'm gonna just to make out there if you want you can click on that to
make sure that it's it's
he's on a sales call now too so hopefully i'll be able to when he when he jumps off that sales
yep it opens up um great yeah i can go ahead i again i just think um
um maybe it's just not enough training on the the advantage of the education component um but i i
really think that needs to be pushed really hard you know why put in that much work and that much
time and that much investment and not get the education component so um yeah
yeah yeah i think that's good all right cool are we are we on the same page uh i think so if okay
good um is i don't i don't think there's uh well yeah the other the other thing is capacity um my
thought with the new guy just to speed up because you have two weeks before you can start um before
your capacity frees up as a result of the done for you and so in in the meantime trying to speed
up his training my thought was he watches um you know week one calls right like a stack of week one
calls and a stack of um what your expectations for those week one calls are so he can follow along
like what do you do on a week one call um maybe even paired with if you recorded your training with
adidas i don't know if you traded a trained or uh recorded your training with adidas if he could
have you know week one call example week one curriculum of what you cover and expectations
of those calls and then week one example of training with adidas so that he's i had it right now already
getting like what is expected on those calls that way we're speeding up that training yeah i mean i'm
going to work with him i'm going to have things for him to do um right but i mean it's like uh you
know you know how um you wouldn't have your kid watch a video about how to hunt a deer and just let
them go out and do it you know what i mean yeah you know i'm just gonna make sure you can do it uh
well 100 but but agreed no i have i have things for him to look at but when i say when i'm talking
about getting him trained up that's actually watching him do it you know what watching him
go through and perform what i expect him to perform nobody's nobody does this without me watching him first
yeah i totally get that um and that makes sense right i 100 agree and i think he gave a good
example of that i wouldn't tell him to watch this video and then just go grab that you know 308 and
go out there and shoot in the backyard i'd be like god no you're gonna you're gonna hurt somebody i need
to be there with you um yeah makes makes makes total sense um if there's a way to speed up his his
training while you're busy um i don't mind meaning like hour wise like i don't mind if it's like like
what i just stated on top of obviously all the rest of the stuff like whatever we can do to kick it
down the field faster for him like don't don't feel like like give him four hours a day of work if
four hours a day of work is going to speed it up and if he needs to submit stuff to you um obviously
you have to have the capacity to review it but whatever is going to speed it up in your mind
let's speed it up all right all right cool all right man well hey i'm gonna jump off and then
i guess have a post conversation with damien i still haven't had lunch yet and uh so yeah
busy monday but any you need anything let me know and we'll talk soon all right bye-bye all
all right take care bye-bye
