---
title: "Level 10 2023-06-19 15:30:46"
date: 2023-06-19
duration: 18m
duration_seconds: 1137
vimeo_id: 837627448
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Level 10 2023-06-19 15:30:46

**Date:** 2023-06-19 | **Duration:** 18m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Up, man. Morning. How you doing? Pretty super. You?

Yeah. Good man. Really, really good. Are you in the apartment? I am, yep.

Congratulations. Thanks, man. Yeah, we, uh, still got some boxes and it's, we're gonna be unpacking probably for the next, uh, week. Uh, but it's great. We love it.

Absolutely love it. It's, uh, it's cool. We, we we're obviously moving here in the summer, uh, and so we're experiencing the hottest time of the year. Uh, and it's kind of nice for me. I, I don't mind, like, I actually like the idea, it's just my personality type where if you told me like, Hey, the worst time of the year to move somewhere, it where you're moving Right.

Is I'd wanna experience the worst time first. Right, right. Cause you get, you get past that, everything else is gravy. Exactly. Yeah.

To me, I'm like, w why would you wanna move during that? I'm like, that's the best time to move. I mean, if I can tolerate the worst time, which, which yesterday was 1 0 7 and it didn't bother us, so I thought that was a pretty, uh, pretty good sign. Great. Well, well, we missed you, uh, a ton.

And, uh, welcome to, uh, to your new home buddy. Thanks, man. And, and, and fy uh, I, the internet whole fiasco there, um, isn't fully set up, so I'm using my hotspot, which is why I'm on my phone right now because it eats up my hotspot if I use video. So I'm using the video on my phone, and then I use a hotspot for actually work. So.

Gotcha. Just, Yeah. It looks like a nice crib, man. Except you recessed lighting, nice cabinets. Swanky.

You Swank. Yeah, man. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah.

Hey, you know, we're in day and age where everything is the same price now, so it's kind of, kind of nice. Yeah. Well, well listen, uh, again, congratulations on the move. Uh, congratulations as well, Glenda. Obviously you're our whole team, but Glenda is our programs manager for top one, for a, could be yet again, the, the highest bar we've set for a top one experience.

Um, you know, obviously we'll cover it on the, on the post-mortem later this week, but, uh, I don't know, everybody el, everybody else, but I, I'm still riding the high of, of, of good, good feelings of, uh, of that experience and what we were able to do and seeing our members connect. And so it was, uh, it was really cool. Very, very meaningful. Okay. Since I wasn't there, I mean, I'm hearing, uh, you, you said that twice.

Is there any nugget that I can get? Cuz I'm, you know, like, like maybe Just one thing. It was just, look, it was, it was, it was similar to the other one, but I think just, uh, the house, uh, the house was great and I think, I don't know if it was because it was the second time and so people had a different expectation or because we kind of, you know, we had a ping pong table there, this like, it was just people were playing more so people were playing ping pong. People actually went in the pool and were, were sitting and lounging in the pool. Um, you know, Felipe went and like bought a poker set and they were playing poker.

So there was, there just seemed like there was this, I feel like last time they loved it, but they weren't really, you know, they started to like play air hockey and bowl a little bit, you know, but it just felt like this time, uh, it's kind of like they knew what they were coming into. And so at least for me it just felt like, uh, you know, what do you, how would you describe it, Teddy? Uh, yeah, it did did feel like there was more, more active networking. More more engagement people. I mean, obviously using the pool, but that's cuz more cuz of the temperature than anything else.

Um, uh, yeah, I don't know. Yeah, the, the family vibe was certainly, it felt even more family-like than the first time, let's Put it. Yeah. Sounds great. We also had an amazing acoustic guitar player that Teddy loved.

Um, so I walked by. Everybody's having, everybody's having like a great time. People are in the pool, smoking cigars, hanging out, playing ping pong. I walk by, I see teddy lounger. I'm like, Hey buddy, I'm like, you having a good time?

He goes, we don't need that guitar player. He adds nothing. That's awesome. Um, so anyway, we, we can cover the guitar player on Friday and all his, uh, all his, uh, attributes and deficiencies. Uh, And so, uh, so right, so a co couple things and I, and I'll keep this short as I'm sure every, I know Glenda's, uh, driving and we've got some stuff, uh, coming back in.

So, uh, in terms of bullets, uh, we'll run the bullet workshop this week. I need to go in this afternoon and just update some subject lines. If the campaign was proofed, uh, last time in qa, there's nothing that needs to be QA other than just making sure it's ready to run. Um, and then we could just start it tomorrow. Um, like I said, I just wanna update the subject lines, make sure there's no stacking and maybe just freshen 'em up if I see any weaker subject lines.

Um, and then, uh, I'll be working through the calendar this week and I'll let you know what we're running next week. Um, other stuff that's happening that's, uh, interesting and or exciting. Uh, I still gotta, now that Todd is back from Todd, so it's, it's been a lot, man. We had, you know, Todd show and went to Brazil and top one. So now that Todd's back in the saddle, hopefully I can get some direction.

Uh, I mentioned Chris, you know, we're gonna run swipe file again in October. Uh, Preco Legends, uh, whether we run the volume two, we're about one again. I'll have an answer for you this week on that and we can kind of go from there. Um, what else is happening? Um, you know, we're gonna have a meeting, uh, Todd, Todd and myself, possibly Paul, possibly Glenda, depending on what's needed.

So kind of just talk a little bit strategically about top one. I think one of the realiz, you know, as always, you know, Todd and I always have these deep conversations in between all the sessions at top one. You know, one of the things we kind of talked about was just recognizing that like, originally our strategy with top one was like, Hey, we're selling front end, we're selling coaching. When people go through our programs, sort of the natural ascension is into, uh, a mastermind. And so the fact that it's with Todd and it's access and has great, like that's good enough, uh, that's enough to, to continue to feed that program.

But now that we're not feeding coaching on a regular basis, um, you know, really thinking about do we need to sort of rethink our positioning with top one so that it can potentially go to cold traffic and things like that. So those are some of the things that we'll be, uh, looking at, uh, and discussing a little bit. We also have, so Teddy has been working with Michael. Michael obviously know has been playing around with some E five AA stuff. Uh, Teddy's been working with them.

And so, uh, we're gonna have an E five, a ai E five campaign completed this week that we will go out, uh, on Teddy's no smoking I to stop smoking idea and we're gonna test it. And certainly if we see that we can get honestly, almost any conversions, uh, that would be very promising and intriguing to say, Hey, wow, this campaign was created with the E five framework and ai, um, and it actually converted on its first iteration. What else could we potentially do? And that might really open up, uh, kind of the next, uh, a new product line or a new opportunity different than, uh, what we've been doing. So we'll see, uh, no promises around it yet, really just need to see what the end product is and whether or not, uh, it has any legs to it.

And, and, uh, depe, I I is the conversation that we're gonna have, uh, where you said, Hey, you know, be, you know, be ready this quarter, uh, you know, whether that's, you know, kind of splitting up different roles potentially for, uh, leveraging ai. Is that all dependent on this test? No, that's separate. That's separate. That's happening.

That's happening either way. Um, I'll set up a notion card once I work through the calendar about, you know, and Teddy City has a lot of that stuff done already cuz they were doing something similar to Rich about how we start doing micro bullets and how we leverage AI for micro bullets. Um, and so, we'll, we'll talk about that. Um, I need to just get a probably today, if not by tomorrow, the latest. I just gotta look at this, the calendar, um, and go through that.

Um, that is about it. I know we had a handful, we'll, about 8, 7, 8 people come through on winning offer. Chris, Chris, I, I have my infusionsoft up. I can pull it up though after. Okay.

I know if Teddy, if Teddy, if you're on, could you pull it up? Hang on a second. Um, while always pulling this up, uh, just important, uh, specifically for Chris and Glenda, uh, when you have an opportunity, uh, some time today, can you please just hop in a notion and make sure if there's anything that's done notion is starting to become a little bit of a disaster. Um, and so if there's stuff that's done, I notice multiple items that are done, just drag 'em down to the done or mark 'em as done, whatever that process, I guess it's market is done right, Teddy? Mm-hmm.

Yeah, just mark it as done. Uh, so that our board is a little bit cleaner. Um, make sense? Yep, Sure. 14, your winning offers Nice Month to date.

Well, we didn't run it any other time, so other than maybe a test in there, that's all right. So it's about a dozen or so. All right, so let's get Michael on those. Uh, Chris, obviously let's do a great job with them, uh, and certainly, uh, I know we didn't see much fruit with it last time, but make sure you reach out to them, bookend the experience, see if there's other stuff, whether they're like, yeah, we need a traffic agency or we need aa remember like, dude, we're, we're, we're running a very efficient model now. Uh, so even just like one upgrade to something else, like, wow, this person's top one or this person's aa or this side person is a traffic agency.

Like that's a huge one that turns the campaign in from a single into like a triple or a home run. Yeah. And, and I like that you bring that up. Um, it, can you send me over any information on the, I have like no information on the agency. Um, I I, and Honestly, like you don't need to start learning how to position the agency to talk about it.

The question is just like, Hey, hey, Just the basic information would be great. Uh, um, just, I'm talking bare, bare bones right now. I Really, I'll tell you that this is exactly what I would say is like, hey, um, you know, just like everybody else, we run a lot of traffic. In fact, we work with all the biggest name agencies and we found most of them really frustrating and they got us no results. Uh, because most people that run ads only understand the platform.

And so we wanted somebody who really understood direct response marketing and the platform. That's what we built our own internal agency. And, and, uh, I think you would find it tremendously valuable just to hop on a call with John, if nothing else, to have an audit of the traffic that you're running right now, uh, and see where you might have some scaling opportunities. That's it. Like, you don't have to know bullet points or John's bio.

All the whole point is just like, Hey, we're really, you, you see we're good at this, we're good at something else. Let us hop on and see how we can add value for you. No, I, I I love that I sent somebody over, uh, to 'em last week or the week before. Uh, so I'm fine with that. But just outta curiosity, so I know if somebody is even in option anyways versus just sending every, yeah, again, I don't wanna send 'em garbage leads.

Uh, what is, like, what size businesses do you guys work with? Like what's two? It's not size of business, but if they're not, if they're not investing at least 15,000 a month, so let's call it, you know, 500 a day in ads, they're not a fair. Okay. So 15,000 a month.

So Either if they're not, basically it's one or two things. Either if they're spending on average $500 a month in ads a week in ads, or if they're a million dollar plus business, so either, right? So they might be spending no money on ads cuz they have no idea they should be spending on that ads, but they're a $2 million business or they're spending at least $500 a day. That's helpful. Yeah.

Thank you. Well what about if they're, they have the potential to spend $500 a day, but you don't, they haven't gotten there yet. Cuz they don't know how, I mean, look, if somebody spend it, if somebody only has like two, $300,000 business and they're spending a hundred dollars of No, No, but I'm saying like strategic is perfect example, right? We're not, we're not spending $500 a day cuz we haven't figured out how to spend $500 a day profitably yet. But it's not cuz we're not unwilling to spend 500 a day, Right?

Um, I mean you, I'll leave that to your discretion Chris, but you know, okay, Well this is more than enough. I mean, now at least I have a gauge of some sort cuz that way it's, if I'm talking to somebody and I have no idea if they're a ter, I don't wanna just send 'em garbage leads is my point. Yeah, a hundred percent. Yeah, hundred percent. Um, and, and vice versa, like John's working with a guy that did a 45 day, uh, kind of rider with the agency and his offer's terrible and odds are he's not gonna be able to make traffic work, but there's a good chance, uh, not a good chance.

He probably needs aa. So John will try to direct them back to having an AA campaign built. And so we'll see On the AA campaign, have we thought about repricing as a result of AI and, and how many options. We're Not changing anything. We're not changing anything yet, so we're not changing anything yet.

Okay. Um, okay. And then the other thing, uh, Glenda, so congratulations, Glenda's going well, are you, wait, is it a congratulations or just a renewal? Glenda? Um, I guess you could say congratulations.

Okay. Congratulations. Brenda's going for her credentialing, her pastoral credentialing, so congratulations. Uh, so she'll be out and about today. Um, I know we have a lot of meetings, so like I said, the, the, the the prime thing is just for the productivity of everybody else on the team to just, I know you already got a couple in there.

I know there's a couple more we need in there. Uh, I know Todd and I are gonna have a meeting with John, so if you could set that up as well. Um, yeah. And so, um, so yeah, that's, uh, that's part of does anybody need anything else or have anything else? No, no.

Um, yeah, and so, and so, you know, Chris, the food took a nice jump up in quality, which was good too. So we didn't have any Well, what, yeah, we'll talk about food when we do that, but yeah, it was, that was good too. So that's always important. I mean, the fact that you said it's good, I mean, that tells me that it was, uh, I mean you didn't say incredible, but was there an incredible meal or was it just consistently like, man, that was just solid every single meal? No, No, it was just, it was just good black be black bean deli, which was the Latin place, did solid food.

Like everything was pretty good. And, and because we were strategic in our menu, most of it carried really well. So it wasn't my soggy empanadas or, or things that didn't taste or, you know, or bad, you know, fried dumplings that were funky. Like it was all, we picked the right food and it carried well, you know what I'm saying? That's great.

How, how was, how, how was your meal? Um, You could ask Teddy or, or Glenda. They all, they ate it. Yeah, it was excellent. Awesome.

Yeah. So, Um, that's really cool. Cause that to me is the most important. I mean, you talk about that family element. I really think that that is one of the components that I think contributes to that family, family feel.

I mean, the fact that you're cooking. So that's cool. Yeah. All right. Everybody good?

Yep. Yes, sir. All right. Well listen, let's go get it. Uh, I'll be on Slack all day.

Uh, nice, busy full week. Uh, again, remember Chris and Glen, please clean up your lotion items, uh, Glen, we'll schedule the rest of those meetings and then Teddy will launch that vote tomorrow. Sounds good. All right. Great job.

Great. Top one. So proud of all of you. See you later. See you all.
