---
title: "Media Buying 2022-08-04 16:00:40"
date: 2022-08-04
duration: 41m
duration_seconds: 2512
vimeo_id: 736588148
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Media Buying 2022-08-04 16:00:40

**Date:** 2022-08-04 | **Duration:** 41m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey, how's it going? Hey Christian. Are you? um So I changed I changed student going straight to the to the vsl page. And I made it.

I made a new campaign. Is that is that that's okay, right? Yeah, it was probably best because the conversion events are going to be slightly different. Yeah, I did mess up the conversions though because I didn't change the conversions at first. and so the community triggered conversions when Like Somebody went to the page like And so I'm as that up, but then I realized and and I changed it.

Is that ill or should I should? Yeah, well, let's take a look and we can see as long as it's set up now. I mean if it was a cases something happened and it just needs direct flight, that's fine. I mean the the good news obviously is the You know the campaign started to spit out some sales, which is good. Which is good start good promise.

I'm sure you were delighted with that. Yeah, it was that was pretty happy about that. But we're going to make sure just that that everything is set up and firing correctly now as well, okay? Okay. So which one is it this new purchase campaign?

So yeah, the that's the new purchase campaign and I'm just gonna tell I'm gonna log in on my side and just so I'm in case I need to navigate quickly. I can take a look at my side. Okay. So you would you like in this new campaign like none of my ads have been disapproved. So.

That's good. Nine two seven, right? Yeah, I'm pretty sure yeah 927349-6044. Yeah. Okay, so let me share my screen.

Okay. So we're looking at this. Actually before we dive into the new campaign, I just want to look at the the one that was there. So it's yeah this one here. Yeah, that's the one.

Because I know there was not another time frame is wrong here. So I'll change it. I'll just put it. One month, so you see? Okay.

So just say just in case you're not aware obviously when you send over your video you were asking should I do this? And should I make changes because these ads and so on and so forth. Typically what we we look at in terms of the ads we look at you know, the the view rate and we look at the clichery, but we don't necessarily make decisions just on the ads themselves also want to look at this specifically what keywords we're working or not working before we make any kind of broad stroke decisions and what we're going to do to the campaign. So when you sent over your video all your whole processes around should I turn off this ad and turn on this sad and should I turn this on and says off so we won't we weren't actually looking to see well which ad actually brought to sale and which keywords brought to sales. So that's why I want to look what you today just so we can be clear on what worked and what didn't work.

Okay. Yeah, that's what Paul is trying to do but I didn't know how to do that. So you good segments because segment we can go to conversions and conversion action. And now we can see that the the two sales came from the exact post phrase keyword Campaign, which was the extra one that we had set up. Yeah, that means that we got essentially.

So we spent 200 got two sales, which would have been roughly a CPA of $100 each. Okay. Yeah now obviously we need to improve that but it's like it's a starting point because if you would look at the top down level it's it would have been always spent. Over to two campaigns. I spent X over two ad groups.

I spent X, but we need to drill down further. So we just looked at which ad groupload into sales. Now. We need to actually drill in and see which keywords brought in the sales and also which ads brought into sales. Okay makes sense.

So we're going to the art group here that brought to sales in and we're going to go over here to segment again go to conversions conversion action. So now we can see that this ad. spent $33 and brought in a sale. And this ad spent 65 dollars brought in a sale. So come back just looking at the ad group level.

We may say, oh where it's a hundred dollar CPA that that's that's too much. I can't pay that much and maybe you can maybe you can't that's not relevant right now. We need to relocate. Well, can we pay can we pay 33 dollars a sale? Well, I'd say absolutely.

Yes, we can can we pay $65 a sale and add more than likely say, yes. Absolutely we can as well depending on the economics of the phone and everything else. We all need to go over to our keywords. and see which ones in here brought in our sales. So again, we're going to go over here to segment conversion action and we got our two purchases came in the the plague guitar.

Keyword here at a cost of this is this one spent the most basically this this one didn't spend anything at all. Yeah, and it's spent like very little I mean the whatever 551 but the this one that normal like what what do you do that? Because this one is going to pick up and it is search traffic anyways. oh, yeah, so you will which one would that's the the one in the quotes is exact and the one in the Express yeah it phrase. Okay, that's phrase.

So next I want to do. What's going in here gonna do where I showed. And see if they did they come from the same channel so that our conversions come from the one channel that it come from now like at this level. We're only really well. We'll sort by we'll do lead first.

and so this at this stage, we're only really we don't have enough purchases to really determine but we have 24 leads or give or take so we can see that this Paul David's YouTube channel got two leads for a dollar. This channel two leads for a dollar each just in guitar only 35 Cent. Sean Daniel only 32 cents, so these could all be potential. Individual targeting options in the future. So there was like several I spotted one there because I just went I seen him about three weeks ago.

green did the Green Day channels spent very little and hasn't got a conversion. But if we do segment and see which ones actually got the purchases. Just to be no again. We don't. we won't be able to fully see because it's only two two purchase conversions.

Yeah. But okay, so Paul David's. Two leads one sale. So one sale. So CPA here but like whatever two dollars CPA.

So this is where we start to drill into the data and really mind the data in a way that we can't typically do with something like Facebook so you can do this with YouTube now. You wouldn't necessarily make decisions based on this right now because it's very early. But if this trend was to continue, let's say if we were to continue we're in the traffic with the new campaign and we see the Paul Davis continues to get leads and continues to get sales. Well, then we may begin to move Paul David into his own Standalone campaign. Yeah, where we just use the Paul David and channel placement.

So let's look at another one. So where's that second purchase came from to do. Second purchase came from narrow next whatever that is. and it was two cent which is crazy. Wow, yeah.

But I mean like it's not to say that you continue to get sales for a dollar or two dollars, but it allows you to drill in to really find fine-tune exactly where the results are coming from so you can make better decisions about what you're going to do in the future. So say for example Let's just think ahead for a second if I was pull up this YouTube channel. I'm assuming this is something got to do with. Yes, so there you go keeping the camera fresh in a life. So he has 2.86 million subscribers.

This audience could be absolutely perfect for you. Yeah, probably probably is so we could have a campaign. And I wouldn't be doing it immediately because again it's very early, but we could have a campaign that solely focused around the Paul Davis Channel and we could get his crazy about it as we want in terms of we could have ads that are specifically speaking to Paul Davis subscribers. You can see you're likely a subscriber of Paul David. He is a fantastic YouTube channel teaching your guitar, etc.

Etc. And if you're struggling with a blah blah and it's transition into your own offer. There's nothing stopping you from doing that like that and then it gets even more targeted even more horned into this Market this message and what they're looking for and what they're all about. So what are the drill into the data just to see because in your video that you sent me you were just look oh this video has an X clicker rate. Should I shut it off and the reality is?

We don't just make decisions based on a clichery. We use them as guiding factors to see how well the creative is doing. And if we're making sales are not making sales, that's when we can win and start to make or deciding decisions if that makes sense. Okay any questions on that? Well, let me you can I just say back what you told me and you make sure I say, right?

So the first thing you want to do is just go back. Well, you don't want to make decisions on the ads right away. First of all, you want to go back and see where the sales came from right? Well are where the leads came from depending on what type of campaign you're running if it was a lead campaign where the lead came from those sales campaign where the sales came from and if We only like if we're getting results. We see where the results are coming from and see can we get more results from there.

If we're not getting results. Well, then we see where our more or most likely bottleneck is and we go and fix it. So if that's when so let's say we were we didn't generate any leads or lead cost was too high and we didn't generate any sales. That's one. We'll say, okay.

Well, how are my videos doing? Am I getting enough of a review rate? Am I getting enough of a click your ways? How are my audience is doing? How are my keywords doing?

But if we are making sales we try and drill in to see well, is there an opportunity to to get more out of the places where we got sales? Got you. So and this is basically add optimization this basically what an ad guy would do in in general essentially. Yeah, what we're doing is is it's basically what we call optimizing intention and data mining essentially. So we're like we're mining the data to see what's worked and what hasn't worked and then we're like eliminating what hasn't worked and honing in on what has okay, and you can see like very big improvements just from doing that in general, right?

Yeah now like it's still very early days in this campaign. But like this is essentially the process we do this from day one and this is a process that we were typically go through on a like typically a twice to twice a week basis. So we would look at the at the beginning of the week from the previous from the weekend say from Thursday and to the weekend and then we roughly around the the around the the Thursday marketing again, we would look based on how the weakest perform because like data reality is if we're in there every single day making changes. We don't give any to change as we make time to actually take effect. So anytime we do make a change.

We need to let it take its course for a handful of days and then then go in and take a look and then modify or leave or whatever the case may be. So that's all kind of twice a week optimization process. So you can do one on Monday and one on Thursday kind of thing. Typically that's what we do Monday and Thursday the main ones but that doesn't mean you don't go in and check things every day. We typically would but we don't go in there fiddling with things every day.

That makes sense. Yeah. Well because yeah, I've been it's not enough time. Okay, so that's actually take a look at the one that's active now. And again, we'll go through the process of making sure that it's technically set up because I know you said you had issues with the so this is probably it here.

So it's basically So you you were still optimizing for the opt-in? Right. Well, yeah, but here the problem is that I was sending them to the vsl. And I was up to like I was optimizing for opt-10 and purchase and so an obtain like was not really an optin. It was just some visiting the page.

Yeah, it was been visiting the page. But now what was weird is that the conversions were wrong compared to the clicks and I was like when I changed it and so I was like this is kind of weird is it I might just getting a bunch of Clays that are like So no, so now you're optimizing for the purchase purchase, but should I optimize also for order form view? No, I just optimized for purchase now just for I mean you could you could you could do a for carrot fuse as well. I mean like it's it's you will get extra conversions and you will like Google will start optimizing for people to go to the order form, but it's it's them it's a tosser between there's no right or wrong answer here. Some people optimize just for the purchases others optimized for what's called an action session or a conversion set which is optimizing for multiple conversions in an overall.

Set so maybe like optimizing for. Let's say for example, if it was a webinar registering for the webinar showing up for the webinar and hitting the order form and purchasing so direct optimizing for a complete set whereas in because you're driving directly to a vsl and it's a if you're going from video to video and it's it's a fairly straightforward funnel. You're fine optimizing for purchase. Okay. Now if we find that we're not getting that we're not getting enough purchases.

We may scale it back to optimizing for order form. Okay, and and so my question is now like does Google remember like the two people that purchased and is it all already optimizing for xender? It is in their data and it is in their algorithm. But because it's a new campaign it it still starts to the big strategy and the learning strategy over again. But it does have like it does know that there's been people that have converted as long as you were using when they did convert.

It was using the same conversion. Yeah thing. Well then as long as it's using that and there will they will have it in their AI they will have it in their in their data and it will be in their audience that these people have converted so Whether or not it plays a part in their bit strategy a bit learning. That's something that I'm not aware of and Google hasn't released information on that as far as I know. Okay, and so at this point I'd spend like what a hundred dollars on this new one.

Mmm, and I didn't get any sales and so well, so like the remember that we initially when you would when you would run it you were optimizing for opt-in still so like that's that's nearly whatever that was until you made that change. It's People you Google was optimizing for people to opt in but all they had to do was just send people to the page and that was counted as an opt-in. So like if that's it's a bit of a mute point, so I'd nearly be when did you make the change to purchase? I think like yesterday and then I'd be I'd be starting from the yesterday America counting that onwards because anything up to him Della. It's like as far as Google was concerned it was doing what it was supposed to do, right?

And so well it was it was counting like opt-ins and purchases right? But I guess you know, yeah, but it was still getting you it was getting you to you indicated to to To purchase of R2 objections are two objectives to objectives and it was getting you one of them and it was getting them at a decent rate. So like as far as Google was concerned, it's happy. It's like oh, yeah, and he wants this I'm giving him this. Yeah.

The reality is it wasn't really set up the way it should have been so but that's fine. I mean like the now that you've set it for the one you want. It's still in the learning phase anyways, so it's quite it will take a bit of time to kick into gear not good news is the BSL has Has converted and converted twice. So that's strong now. We need to keep an eye on things from media buying side of things.

But also, you know continue to look at. Okay, what worked? Well, what can we improve on the marketing side and let things play out as well? Okay, but like in my mind fantastic stare so great. Awesome.

So let's take a look at the let's actually take a look at the ads. So we'll focus on just to look at them here, but I will look at them from the previous as well. So you said all of them were approved this time? So we're good. So won't be viewers.

So which one is this? Which one is one B again? One B is the hook one is where I play Sweet Home, Alabama 1B is where I play a different thing. That is not okay. Yeah, hope which one do we say that I said, maybe hook one or hook two would my yeah opinion was gonna do the best.

I mean your picture rates. Okay, the collection rate on this one is insanely good hook wouldn't be Yeah, like it's it's very early days. But I mean to get 40 Cent clicks and a 4% clicker rate. That's that's really strong. Like that's very good.

Now, I don't know why the the 14 clicks and two conversions is off because it should have been 14 clicks 14 conversions, but For some reason but let me just see here. One weird thing is that in the previous campaign. Like my view rate was terrible and my click through it was terrible. but then like I don't know. Yeah, I really like that one.

Let's look at the other one. So that's this the 34% view rate. Fantastic 28% Fantastic 16. It's it's obviously not as good as Euros, but it's pretty close to 20% It has a 1.15% click to rate. And these ones here hook five point three six point seven five point three four.

These ones are lower obviously, so I'd be keeping an eye on these and You may find like if this trend continues with with these ones here say the first four here, so hook won't be hook one hook one or one again four if these kids like if the train continues then I'd be comfortable making a decision. Okay, let's Let's pause the other ones for now and focus on these ones. Because like like the reason why like you could make a decision that quickly is 4% Click your rate 34% view rate, if that continues even if they the 4% drop to 2% but it's still kept at that kind of a level above the others. You know, this is the winning one. Right and So eventually you want to we want to end it with one winning one.

like in an Ideal World like that, there's multiple ways we could do but in an Ideal World we have One creative that stands out that we can continue to run long-term and then we're using the other ones as kind of supplementary creatives to just keep things fresh. It makes sense, but that's not to say that like the reason why we use typically tree to Five Hooks and three to five creatives is because you know certain people resonate with certain things and other people resonate with other things, but typically what we find is there is usually one or two Stand Out ones that just hit the mark and we want to maximize those as much as possible. That makes sense. So then would you think about like so which one comes first like when you optimize like do you optimize first on the keywords or you optimize first on the ad because here like, there's two things we could do right? We could turn off guitar General assuming that guitar.

General is not as good. Or we could turn off the ads that are not as good with what order do you go into that? Well, we compressible what we do is we compare. So we don't look we don't look at anything in isolation. So let's so we said that the the picture rate on we'll go back to here Now this is obviously in the new campaign.

So this is all of our ads across the two the two ad groups. Right? So if we look at our an ad group level we'll look at the exact and phrase first, okay. so in our exact and phrase campaign or view rates and click your rates. bear three of them three are really good.

Two are Midland one is poor hook five is poor in terms of click to rate. Have you read as poor as well in the other ones? We have High View rates by one. And you know, very good picture rates and two decent dish two ones that could definitely be improved but like treated or really strong. Okay.

So now let's compare that to the other AD Group, which is the general keywords. So now remember we're using the exact same ads. So General keywords view rates pretty poor. Click through rates one is okay. The rest of them are pretty poor.

So what would your decision being just looking at comparing one ad group versus juror but using the videos to do the comparison? What would be your summary here? So my summary is is the you know, the Ever One General kind of sex do you ever want is better? But just from the videos maybe we should turn off all the bad videos from General and turn and keep doing decent one and then turn. And then keep all the ones in the exact.

I mean we could turn off the ones the ads in the exact phrase right to that are not here. So I want to talk about like you're you're pretty much right about your your tall process, but there's one little caveat that I want to add to this and that's The amount of time we give something before we make a decision about turning it off. So let's say for example, we go back into the general one. And again, we're looking at the ads here and we're seeing okay. Let's let's look at one that stinks.

So let's look at the one that has this one has spent or this one has a zero percent click to it, but it's only spent two dollars. So we can't really make a decision on this just yet. This one has spent three dollars. But it's on it as 0.22 but it's only spent three dollars. This one has spent 31 or as point three one percent spent $11.

So spent a little bit more. And it has a a low click through it and typically what we look to do. Is depending on how aggressive someone is in terms of what they're willing to spend to acquire a leader acquire a customer. We turn off based on their level. So let's say for example, the current price point is $27 of the offer which may be changing in the future.

Maybe not depending on the economics. But let's say we're willing to give each video. $27 and spend before we make a decision. So that means This one here has actually spent the most sort of all of them. and it's it's got like point three one percent.

So if this was to spend $27 and this trend continued we would turn this video off. Now some people are a little bit more aggressive and they're willing to do two eggs or three extra to allowable CPA. We recommend as a minimum impairment that you do One X. Okay, and so I mean what are the benefits of getting 2x like is more like two weeks is you're just you're essentially the two extra three x is you're giving you're getting more data essentially. Got you, and so because if you don't then you might turn off and add that might be a winning ad in the long run.

Yeah, cuz like After that, you get two conversions that's two conversions at a CPA of 18 dollars each when you returned it off at 27 so that it's an extra five dollars on top of the 27 which gives you 32 dollars divided by two which is 18 dollars each. So it's it's not a like it's never a straight line that if I spend 27 I should make 27 because an extra sale might come in at 2701 that extra Cent could have made the the world of difference, but you didn't give it a chance to spend so it put it all depends on how Like how much you're willing to to spend to to find out and the reality is the more we can spend on data. The better information we can get back into better decisions we can make but also the other side of that coin is that we can't just spend endlessly and we can't always be looking for data either. Yeah. But let's select let's go on what we have here and we'll because the other one has spent more let's actually look at the other one that has done the spending and but let's see what decisions we want to make.

Let's see. Let's just assume that this campaign is still on for now. Okay based on the current spending. So we have we look at the guitar General. and we'll look at our look at the ads first.

We won't make any decisions, but we're going to look at the ads first and then we'll look at their keywords and we'll just see what what way things are panning out. Okay. So we'll sort by. spend so hook one spent $198 as a clicker rate of 1% average CPC of 126 and and a cost per conversion of currently 1046 Okay. so then we have The next one I spent the most obviously hook one is is got the majority of the spend because it was getting the majority of the results, right?

But hook number hook number four. The second one is spent 24. But it has a conversion rate our picture rate of 0.15. Which is a hell of a lot less than the the 19 are there the one zero here. point to tree is Again, nowhere near as good as this one here.

And what the spend is quite low. But based on this if I was just looking at the ads, I would be if like if this was the only ad group running I would be comfortable turning off these two even though like I may let them get to the twenty seven dollar Mark. I mean this one's not far away. It doesn't have to be exact and this one I probably leave it running a little bit longer. But I mean the picture rate is so it's so far below this one that I know that if I was just going to keep running this ad Group, which we can make a decision about it in a moment.

And again, we're working on the assumption that this ad is this campaign is still running even though it's paused but I'm I would be like this one is a is a clear winner in this campaign from an ad point of view. Yeah, but let's look at the the keywords Because this one you have multiple you have what is it or something like? Yeah, 57 different keywords. So So here we have. software conversions so Katara tutorial 12 conversions 1191 The Terra music lessons to conversions at 267.

So this is good. Yeah. dictator and 886 Katara masterclass 905 or presume. This is some guitar guy. I've been as well.

It's just a guitar kind. It's kind of guitar brand of guitar. Oh, it's a brand new Mater. Okay, 562 pretty good. Martin acoustic guitar that's another brand 67 150.

These are good. Look these are these are good. So these so remember we said that this income is comparison to the other one. It was like no the other ones performing better, but there's keywords in here that are performing quite well. Yeah, so like it did the initial thing would be to turn off the complete ad group.

We may turn off some keywords. So let's start by cost here. and like cost per conversion. Maybe we're we're not willing to pay 1191 for a Like in this scenario a lead, we're willing to pay a five dollars a lead. So we may turn off or at least pause this for the time being to see other ones how to perform.

Right, does that make sense? So what I'm understanding is that you you make the changes from the bottom up, right? So like I mean or meaning like from the detail to the last detailed right? So we mix will what essentially drives our changes is. We said a certain expectation and a kpi that say for example when if if an ad if the video has spent twice I will use twice for as an example has used I spent twice or allowable CPA.

And not gotten a conversion. will pause likewise if a keyword has spent twice or allowable CPA and has not got a conversion will pause it. I'll say in this scenario. Let's say you're allowable CPA is $5 a lead This one has spent. Multiples that but it's it's double or allowable CPA.

So we want to get rid of the yeah. Well, maybe not get rid of it. Maybe we'll use it again later, but we want to at least pause it for now to see if we can get. and more leads at a lower cost from the other ones because we are like the reality is this one here is just eating up the budget because and Google see like it's it may be getting a lot of volume. But look there's a lot of Impressions and comparison to the other ones, but the other ones are getting in conversions at a lower cost.

Does that make sense? That makes sense? Yeah. So now like if we were to look just an overall ad group level we would say no, let's turn off this ad group because it's not performing. The reality is there are keywords in there to our performing.

So let's not make the decision from a macro level. Let's go into the micro level first. And make the decisions there. Okay. So this is what this is the word I was looking for.

So my so you go from micro first to micro later exactly. Okay. And and micro democrine includes basically keywords ads specific ads keywords. Maybe you chant and channels. If you're using audiences it will it would include audiences if you're using placements of include placements and then eventually We're going to use the the where at so short function.

So we can see here like there's no Channel that's gotten more than conversion more than one conversion. So we're not going to make any decisions on or where I showed yet. So after you've spent, you know a significant amount there will be certain channels that just keep propping up that maybe you're getting And conversions well within a range like that, you know that they the other channel we looked at Paul David's so that got some decent results and to maybe ones that are spending quite a bit of money and not getting any and conversions. Okay, and so as a general rule like would you say like there's a version order in which you want to go ahead like look at the micro first like you first look at the ads before using if we're using a keyword campaign we go keywords first. Okay with a keyword.

If we're using a placements campaign, we would look at Replacements first. If an audience campaign, we look at the audiences and then we would go to our ads how the ads performing as well. like the reality, is that the If the ads don't earn close to where we want them to be from A View rate in a situation. It's not going to work. Anyways, so like your ads.

The majority you're ads were working. Well from A View rate and the clicker rate on them was strong as well. So then we can be comfortable going to the keywords in this instance. Yeah, because obviously it's the keyword campaign. We can be comfortable making decisions here because we're hitting or we're like we're we're pretty much hating our metrics from an ad point of view.

So then so you said that if the click-through rate and the view rate is bad. It's not going to work, right? Yeah, so if no if if your cliche rate and your view rate aren't up to the metric of say close to 20% and close to to one and a half to two percent. But then we optimize the ads. Okay, but if the air we go into the specific component of the campaign, so in this instance specific component is keywords.

If it was a placement only campaign to specific instance will be placements. If it was in an audience campaign a specific instant will be audiences. So first you look at the ad and click through rate if it's good, then you go and edit the keywords or placement or audience. Yes. okay, so at first and then and then micro got you I like this is all just to set a bit of a condition on that.

This is all under the condition that You're confident in the keywords, you're using your confidence. I want to say confident. I mean, I'm not saying that you're you expect them to convert but you're confident at the hour to write type of keywords to be using and if you are using audiences you're confident that the audience is using are the right type of audiences be targeting. So I'm this isn't like something that you would do if you would just do in completely broad wide open targeting because it's just gonna be targeting anyone and everyone. Whereas when you're doing the key words you're using here.

They're they're pretty specific keywords, so we can be fairly confident in the keywords that we're targeting so we know that we can make make that decision. So so, like I said, you wouldn't just flat out. Look at your ad and say okay. It's got this the picture rate is crappy and the The View rate is copy. Which means okay.

Well, I need to change the the ads, but the reality is if you're keywords you're using in the first place. If you were targeting piano lessons and you're selling it and your videos talking about guitar, it's never going to work anyways. Does that make sense that makes sense? Yeah, so you get up in the keywords. And this is where all the the quote unquote boring research comes in when you're doing your E5, you know, you're doing your examination stage and everything else and you're doing all that research that needs to be done at the beginning because it allows you to get this information.

So when it comes to setting up your campaigns A lot of disinformation you were already have you just need to you know, put it into a specific way that will feed to feed into Google and YouTube. That makes sense. And so at this point Then when I should just wait right at this point for the campaign, I have running I need to wait before I can make any decisions, right? Yeah, because I'm specifically because of the when you admit that transition to the shift there was that whatever few days where it was still sending quote unquote leads when it was reality just sending visitors. So like because you've made that change now and we need to let that change play out over the next few days and on Monday, then I will Because because I won't see you until next Thursday.

So should I wait till next Thursday to do the changes or can I start making changes on Monday? And if Send me. An open on Monday by email and I'll take a look at it and we can make some recommendations. So you're not waiting the full week. Okay, cool.

So I'll do like a loom video update or whatever and well, I'm I'll reply by email. Sure. Thank you. I appreciate that. And but like if I were to do it myself, let's say I'm not gonna do it myself because now you can you you're gonna answer me but If I were to do it myself on Monday, I would go back and first look at the ads, right?

First I would look at the ads see if that hook one or whatever was still performing as good and then see what the other ones we're doing. And before I turn off any ads then I would look at the keywords, right? And then yeah, I mean like 50, like if hook one is still vastly outperforming the others you can be confident making that decision because it's like four percent rate to to a point seven percent picture rate. It's gonna be very hard for that one to catch up. So like if it's if that trend is continually even if it's dropping off to like tree or even 2% You can be confident in at least for the time being Paul's in due to Once to see if you can maximize to spend the maximize the data you're getting because obviously 2% clicker rate or 4% Click to rate is getting you four to five as many clicks as the other ones there.

Right. And so then I would turn off only the ones that are perfect performing poorly though, right and keep the good ones going. Yeah, like just the ones that are like now, I can't remember what we said is that Though the one that has the I think there was one that is like point three percent Click Share, but it only spent like two dollars. Yeah, so it's like focus on the ones that have spent more but not performed as well. Right.

So I need that. It needs at least you have twenty seven dollars of spend or some somewhere close to that at least and then if the to click-through rate or like the view rate is very very poor. It's more mainly looking at click through right here though, right? Yeah, I mean like because the other ones are performing above average. We can look at the clicker rate of like fewer it will play A Part obviously, but like we can we're mainly looking at the picture rate.

We're not a completely ignoring view rate. But like at bottom line, we generally make the decisions around the cliche rate. And the reason why we generally have a poor picture rate is because we also have a pure view rate as well. So, right okay. Cool.

Awesome. Well, thank you so much. I'll just keep it running and see what happens. Yeah, great job. I mean like it's it's a fantastic start and this could be like, we like I said before we even turn the campaigns live.

I mean did this new version? I think it's think you're definitely onto something with this and that let's let's get some more sales in. Thank you. Yeah, I'm excited. Yes question five.

Good day right. Bye.
