---
title: "Media Buying 2021-12-06 20:00:15"
date: 2021-12-06
duration: 55m
duration_seconds: 3319
vimeo_id: 653856468
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Media Buying 2021-12-06 20:00:15

**Date:** 2021-12-06 | **Duration:** 55m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. How are you doing, Ed? Hey, how are you? I'm good. How are you?

I'm good. I apologize. Wait, what's your name? John? John, yeah.

Okay. Just want to make sure I got it right. Hi, John. How are you? Excellent, brother.

Excellent. That's good. So you have the offer. You're targeting the cops and the supervisors and things like that, right? Yes, exactly.

And you were running it as a live event, if I remember correctly? Yeah, that's what I'm going to try to do, unless you have suggestions otherwise, kind of like a seed launch kind of thing. Yeah, I mean, because you're testing the message, I mean, the main thing is to test the message and to get a couple of hundred visits there. Now, you'd likely never fill your event with a few hundred visits anyway. So unless the message is like 100% on the money, which I mean, it never is.

It's like it's either really good, good, poor or really poor. So it's like it's so but like testing your message is the first thing you want to do. You want to essentially what we're looking for when we're testing our message from a media point of view is we're looking for signs of life. We're looking for signs of things that we can improve upon. So that may be that the ads are doing really well in terms of click through rates, you're getting some leads, maybe you're getting a couple of sales.

And then like for you, because you're running it from a live point of view, your tests may be like first gear. And then if you see some positive results, you're going to put the ads into second gear and third gear, then from there. So it's not necessarily do a test, stop and reassess. For you, it might be do a test, see what the results are like. Are they good?

And if they are, OK, well, then let's let's keep going with the test. Let's let's keep pushing gas onto the onto the fire. And if they're not good, well, then we can reassess and reexamine. So, OK, have you a date for your event when you wanted to do it? No, that's part of my question is, you know, I can start the first masterclass whenever I just don't know how much of a buffer to give me.

So so I haven't put together the VSL yet. I mean, I have the script for it. Obviously, you I think I sent the Google Docs, but I can create that in just a day or two. And then I don't know how to do the Facebook ad. So obviously I need a little help.

So with what you're targeting, obviously, because you're very niche targeting. Have you looked into whether or not you can target the job type of law enforcement officer and things like that? Yes. Yes, I can. And you can.

OK, brilliant. So then, yeah. So then Facebook, you'll definitely be able to get going with Facebook. So inside of the coaches portal, I have a Facebook ads training and a look over the shoulder training on how to set it up. So that will definitely help you with that.

But by all means, but when we get closer to time and when you're actually going, getting it going,
we can walk through it together and make sure that we have all the boxes ticked and everything else. But so if you say, let's say your VSL is ready to go and you have the page is ready to go and everything else and you're ready to go with the ads. Like, are you is it a case of you can do the event whenever you want or are you locked in in specific dates? No, I can I can pretty much do it, you know, whenever in the evenings kind of thing. And it's what's the price point to the event?

That's the other question. I it's going to be like four four live classes. There's going to be a bonus fifth class, but that's just going to be like an unannounced bonus. So I don't know. I was thinking like, you know, cops are cheap.

So two ninety seven is what I was thinking about starting at. OK, so so basically you're in the VSL, you're selling the program, not so. And you're going to deliver the program live. Correct. OK, so you're not really selling a live event and it's more like you're selling a program that will be delivered live.

Yes, exactly. OK, so then it's then it's completely different. So then in terms of your MVF, your MVF is as normal. It just means that if someone buys it, that when they buy it on the thank you page,
you'll let them know that the first class is starting on X, Y and Z date. So I don't need to put that out in the VSL ahead of time.

Just know, because it's well, you may mention at the end of your offer. So when you're recording the VSL, say, look, this is the easiest thing to do it just to keep it congruent. And you'll be able to use the VSL again in the future is that when you're mentioning get to when you're getting to the deliverables of the offer,
you can say something like the what's the name of the program? It's Superhero to Supervisor. OK, so that the Superhero to Supervisor program is delivered live by me virtually and the dates,
full details of the dates and when the when the first class is going to be will be will be available to you upon checkout.

So then that gives you the opportunity to to let people know that it started. Then what might happen is you might get a couple of people reaching out to you saying, well,
when's the first class starting and everything else. And if that's the case, then you could you'd probably be able to rerecord the VSL then in the future with the actual dates if you wanted to. OK. All right.

The way the way I was thinking in my head was that you were doing a live event and like and you were getting people to register for the event at a certain day and time. Whereas what you're really doing is you're selling your program, the supervisor to superhero to supervisors or did it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. You're selling you're selling that program. And then the deliverables of that is then delivered live. So what you can do on the just say if I share my screen here for a sec and I'll just show you.

So imagine imagine this is your VSL. Right. And, you know, the video is playing, you get to your offer portion and then the button will show for them to to go to check out. So what you can have underneath this button. So maybe the button might say, you know, join now or enroll now or whatever it says that that it's not much of a it's not going to be much of a deal breaker.

But then underneath you can have like details of it. So, you know, first class starting on X, Y, Z date. So people know when they're so people know on the page that when they hit this button, they're going to go to the order form to pay that two nine seven or three nine seven or whatever it is. But then on the order form as well, you can have the dates. So you don't necessarily have to say it in the VSL.

You can say in the VSL full details of when the course is starting is just below this video underneath the button where you can go and check out. So then that gives you an opportunity to use this video again and again. And then anytime you do the course, if you you're doing it again live in, like, say, in 2022 or second quarter, all you have to do is change the dates on the page. OK, and then what do you suggest, John, would be a reasonable like I don't want to put this two months out, but is like it's two weeks out from running the ads reasonable or is it one week? Well, see, it's a completely different dynamic now.

So now it doesn't really it's not such a big deal now because people are going to be buying into your program, not necessarily buying into the fact that you're doing something live. So if you were saying register for this live training happening on X, Y and Z date and on this training, we're going to cover X, Y and Z, then it's more about the date. But when you say sign up for this program and the first and it's being delivered live, it's more so that they want to sign up for the program more so because it's live, if that makes sense. So in terms of a timeline, I'd say you could do like two weeks. You could you could do I would say two weeks is probably be would be plenty.

But the reality is that the timeline won't matter as much. I mean, the if it was a case of you were doing it today and it was starting tomorrow, then it's a slightly different dynamic. But two, two weeks, if I would be fine, one week would probably be fine as well. But just to give yourself a bit of a cushion, I think, just to get some initial testing done. So within the first few days, you could probably get enough visits to do your MBF test.

So your minimum viable funnel testing, make a couple of changes, roll out the changes, and then you still have enough time in your two week window to hopefully get a few more people signed up. Okay. All right. That makes sense. Thank you.

No problem. Is there anything else I can do for you? No, I'm sure I'll be back with the with. Oh, if I do have questions about the VSL, whose call should I sign up for on that? That's probably Paul or Michael.

Paul does the yeah, Michael will help you with the copy. But then in terms of structuring the VSL and any of the extra stuff, I mean, Paul can help you with that. I mean, I can certainly help you as well. But it's it's we like to keep them specific. But if if you're on the media buying call, and
we're looking at setting up your ads together or whatever, if it's a case that you need to, obviously, I'll be looking at your pages as well as I see them.

So if I spot anything with the pages, I can go through them with you as well. Okay, yeah, Michael, help me with the copy. I think we're good, at least for the first round of that until we make changes. So for Paul, are you for the VSL? Okay, awesome.

Yeah. In terms of you'd like the have you got your offer finalized and everything else? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Well, then yeah. So then it's be once you now it's for you. It's just about recording the VSL and getting that that those three or four pages in place and getting some tests out. So you're pretty close. Awesome.

John, thank you very much. I really appreciate it. No problem. Thanks, Ed. Thanks for hopping on.

Thank you. Cheers. Cheers. Hey, Claudia. Hey, John.

How are you? How are you? I'm good. How's your little baby? Great.

You mean the one that's already out or the one in the belly? The one that's already out. And you have another one in the belly as well this year. Yeah, we went a little bit quickly. So the first one is seven months old and I'm already five months pregnant again.

Wow, that's very close. Wow. Don't ask me if that was a good idea. How does the maths work out there? Does the maths work out okay?

Sorry? That's really close. The maths you mean, how that works out? Yeah. Yeah, well, if you have a good pelvic floor, which is well trained, things work out pretty well.

Very well. Very good indeed. That's brilliant. That's brilliant. Right.

Let me just pull up your submission because I know you have a few things you want to look at. Before we actually cover your submission, there's a quick question that a guy asked that he wants covered. He can't be on the call, but he watches the recording. So I want to make sure we get it at the beginning. Go for it.

So he's basically, yeah, no problem. He's, this is Karang and he's basically, he's had his Facebook account permanently blocked from advertising. So his personal account has permanently been blocked from advertising. So this is something that happens to a lot of people, Karang. And it's actually happened to me.

So hopefully Facebook is not going to watch this recording because, but basically what happened is my personal account has been blocked from advertising. So I have a second Facebook account that I advertise through because, because of that. And it's something that we recommend people have as a backup is to always have a backup of everything. So if you have a personal profile that you, that's for your everyday Facebook and stuff like that, just set up a secondary profile and it doesn't have to be, you know, you don't have to be posting right like that, but just have it in place. So if you, if your personal account was ever blocked, at least you'll have a secondary account to advertise to.

The second thing is we would always recommend having a secondary ad account, at least one extra ad account and at least one extra business manager as well,
because it's like the, it's pretty much a foregone conclusion that if you do any kind of advertising on Facebook, whether it's a small amount of ads or a lot of advertising at one stage or another,
you're probably going to get blocked or you're probably going to get penalized, not because you're doing anything wrong. Now you may do something wrong either by, um, on purpose or by accident, but generally they just lead in the last, I'd say year or so. There's just been a market wide clamp down on lots of different types of advertising that may look like other advertising that, you know, it may be,
they may think it's things like affiliate marketing or things like that when the reality is not. So they've been doing lots of clamping down and lots of closing accounts and stuff like that. So we recommend you do have a secondary account.

So if you're permanent, uh, if your personal profile has been permanently banned, there's really no coming back from that. Like there's, there's, unfortunately there's, there's no other way around it, but to set up a secondary account, set up a new profile and create new and give it a while. Don't do it straight away, but set up a new profile, wait a couple of weeks, start to start the process of creating an ad account and, uh, wait, then wait another couple of weeks, give it time. So don't rush into it because the first 30 days of a new ad account is what's, um, is where Facebook's eyeballs are on the account the most,
because that's what a lot of these, these shady affiliate marketers would do. And these, um, arbitration marketers would do it.

They would set up an account quickly, set up an ad account quickly, uh, try to scam as much out of it as possible in the first 30 days before their billing period. And then don't care what happens. So set it up slowly. So start with your personal profile, wait about two weeks. If you can wait longer, if you can wait 30 days, that'd be great.

Then set up an ad account. Don't do anything in the ad account, give it another two weeks to 30 days, and then slowly but surely start spending in that. And you should be fine. That's what I would do with mine. And I've had no issues with this new profile that I have.

And, um, you know, touch wood, it says like that as well. So if you have any other questions about that, Karen, you can submit, submit, um, do a submission, or if you can hop on a call, we can talk through it. Otherwise, I hope that answers your question and we'll move on. So, so Claudia, let me pull up your submission here. Okay.

So, so we've lots to go over. I'm all right. Um, I'd like to keep the, um, the split test. It, that, that, the third question is a fairly easy one. So we can cover that.

There's no problem. The YouTube I'd like to keep, um, I'd like to do that in detail because, um, there's, there's quite a bit in that. And it's, um, it's, it's fairly similar to setting up AdWords, but at the same time, it's, it's different as well because there's some different dynamics. But let's, um, if you want to share your screen and we'll actually dive into your E5 AdWords campaign and see if there's anything where we can, um, hone in on. So your tracking is fully fixed at this stage.

Yes. And what are the metrics like so far? Um, well, it's a very little amount of traffic, so it's not so much. So what's the, how much traffic in total is it? Was that 146 clicks that you had there?

Um, no, hang on. This is the right. Just have to pull up the red campaign. And what's, um, what, what's ClickFunnels telling us? Um, so ClickFunnels is telling us this is the amount of clicks we got.

So it's like, you know, in the last two days, so it's very little. Oh, so we're very little. So only 28 clicks in two days. Yeah. So if I go with four days, I think, yeah, the second it was the day it got fixed.

So since then, I mean, it's not, it's not moving forward. Right. So, and are you getting impressions? Yes. Let me see here.

Well, you know, I, I thought I came prepared, but it looks like. It's okay. We have time anyway. Okay. There we go.

Okay. So do from the, can you filter from that, choose your date range and just choose the same dates
as I ClickFunnels. So Google is saying 115 clicks and ClickFunnels are saying how many? 51. Well, I talked to ClickFunnels support and they came up with the explanation that there is a difference always.

And I said, well, it's like quite a bit of difference and basically. It's more than double. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

Go back to your ad groups here or your ad campaign. Is that okay? Yeah. Okay. So.

And sort by conversions. Can I actually request access? Sure. I think you should be able to access. Yeah.

Yeah. And Google is saying four conversions and how many conversions is ClickFunnels same? Nine. Nine. And is there actually nine?

Yes. And that might be reasonable because we have this, we have the cookie thing in Germany. So, you know, we have the cookie consent. Yeah. Okay.

Okay. So that, that does make sense. We have the same thing with Kachabi now that everything we have in Kachabi, the, the
amounts of opt-ins in Kachabi is quite, quite a bit higher than in AdWords. Right. Okay.

So let me see. So let's just look at the, the role. What we'll look at is we'll look at the data at source. So let's just assume that these nine lead, the nine leads is accurate. Okay.

Yeah. Although it said seven and one, which is, it should be weird. Strange. Okay. So let's go back here and total costs so far.

And this is, so we'll, we'll not look at this cost per conversion. So $39 divided by nine, which would give us a cost per lead of what? Roughly four, $4 and a bit. Yeah. For.

For yours. Okay. Yeah. What do you usually pay per lead? Four to five.

Four to five. Okay. So that's not, that's okay. Um, and you said it. I can't pay more.

If I set it higher, I ended up paying like seven to eight, but when I put it down to, um,
a bit maximum at five, it stays within the range. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Now, let me just look into this one here. And is it one ad per ad for per keyword or? Yes. That's the one I set up with speed PPC.

Okay. It's spit out. Each keyword. Okay. So let me see.

So, obviously the, um, we don't know where the rest of the conversions have come from. So we'll just filter by cost and we'll see what we're looking at here. For some reason, it's very slow. I'm going to stop the remote control access because it seems to be a pretty slow. So can you just filter by cost?

Oh. You there, Claudia? Oh, she's gone. She'll probably come back in a sec. Sorry.

Yes. Uh, what happened there? I have no idea. Uh, you want to share your screen again? Yes.

Yeah. Okay. So where are we? Okay. Do you want to go back into where we were in that campaign?

So what I was saying before we got cut off is obviously with the nine conversions and click
funnels and only four in Google, we're not entirely sure which keyword is working, but
what we can focus on is we can, we can sort by cost and just to see which keyword is getting
the most spent. So if you just want to sort the keywords there by cost. And while it's not a hundred percent accurate, it should give us, um, you know, a decent amount
of data on which ones are spending the most. And then we could look at these click-through rates, but there are no conversions recorded
for those, right? And, but that's the, and that's the issue with the, we have nine in click funnels, but
only four in Google.

So there may be, some of these may have converted. Sorry. Some of these may have converted. Yeah. So, um, one thing we could do is have you got UTM parameters set up through Google tag manager?

Do you, are you, do you know how to do that? Uh, the UTMs? Yes. Yes. Yeah.

So we could maybe do some UTMs and then, cause if you go to click funnels and go to drop
down where the filters are there. So see in your date range, so you can use the, you can put in these parameters and then we'll
be able to track exactly. Yeah. Okay. And which one should I set up?

Like the standard set of, um, resource and whatnot. There was like a standard set recommended. Yeah. The, the, the ones we like I'd use them. So we have to source, source a medium of the kind of two standard ones we would use.

And then like name and content, you know, a name or term, you can use those ones as well
because click phones will pick these up. So then for a, say a source will obviously be, you know, um, uh, keywords, uh, medium
is going to be like PPC name might be the ad group. And then the term might be the actual keyword. Good. So then you'd be able to track down to the ad group and the keywords, see which was bringing
conversions.

Yeah. Do you have an idea why or how I can get more traffic to this? It may be, these are the same keywords that you're targeting in your other campaigns. Yes. Correct.

So it may be that you're like, you're, you're literally, um, based on this spend versus your
other campaigns, that this is all the, the reader said left with your, because you have
other campaigns is running, targeting these keywords. Um, that may, that may be the reason why it's not getting picked up. One thing you could try is you could increase your target CPA because at the beginning, your
target CPA, um, I typically do two X to three times my target CPA just so I can get quick,
a quick amount of spend. Now at the beginning, I may pay a little bit more on a lead cost, but then it usually levels
out fairly quickly if I'm going to continue the campaign. Okay.

So you have your target CPA at $7 there. Um, but I'd probably increase that initially to say 14, well $14 and see, does that allow
you get more, more impressions, um, quicker? Yeah. Okay. Got it.

I mean, I know I did it with the other campaigns, so I get more impressions, but then the cost
like went through the roof. Yeah. And like, remember what we're testing here is we want to test the new, um, NVF to see
the work. We want to get the data as quickly as possible so we can make decisions based on what needs
to be fixed or whatnot. So we simply don't have enough data to do anything here.

Right. Yeah. I mean, like even with the, like the 50 people, um, with the tracking being fixed, it's still
like your opt-in rate is 17%. If that's, if that's accurate. I mean, that's, that, that's quite good.

It's, um, we probably improve upon it. Like the control is 25%. The split test is 6%. So, I mean, the control of 25% is quite strong. Um, what's the, what's the difference between those two?

Um, I changed the headline. So the first test was to put delete on the opt-in page would help a lot. Um, and then I just split tested the headline in the variation. So it seems the control is doing much better. I have no idea why the number went up that much.

Yeah. Maybe because, um, Google can optimize better now that the conversion tracking is working. Probably, yeah, that could be it too. But the, like it, that, that suggests that the control is, is a, like a far, it's like
it's, it's winning by far. So I probably, for the time being, I just make the control, leave the control on and turn
the other one off.

Yeah. Good. And were you doing 50-50 or how were you doing it? Yes. 50-50.

Okay. So while we're talking about split testing, so you, you, you tried to split test the sales
page in ClickFunnels, but what happened? Yeah. So, um, I'll show you. So, um, this is that, this funnel here and, um, we have two sales pages, but as there is
no opt-in because there's just a button to say, go on.

Um, there are no opt-ins measure. And so I talked to the support and I said, um, they can only do a split test if there
is an email address. Yeah. So, well, that, that's kind of true, but not really true. Um, it's, I can get where they would say that, but one thing you can do, like if this
is just purely for, there's, you can do it, there's an easy way.

And then there's the, the more long-term way. And I would start with the easy way is basically, uh, duplicate your order form and then have,
if, and for sales page one, have that go to order form one and for sales page two, have
that go to order form two. Got it. And see which one brings in sales, but then the long terms, would I keep both order forms
in the same funnel? You can keep them in the same funnel.

Just make sure that they're labeled correctly and, and everything else. So we can, so when we're tracking, we can see. So if we have sales page one sales page, so control variation, we'll have, we might have
order form control, order form variation. It's so, so simple. I didn't even think about it.

Thank you. Then the, the, the longer term solution then is if you want to be doing like, um, ongoing
sales page testing without the opt-in, like the ClickFun support said, is we use a, something
like, um, um, convert flow. Is it, it's like a third party solution and there's lots of different ones that you can
use. It's basically, you just apply a bit of code to the page and then it does the split testing
for you. Um, something, it's something like that could be used, but for something simple like this,
and you can just use the, um, you just use a separate page.

Got it. So let's have a look at the, the, the YouTube stuff. So you have the audience that's created. So do you want to share your screen and we'll take a look at your audiences and Hey Steve,
how are you? Um, so you want to have a look at the audience or at the, let's, let's, let's have a look
at the audiences first and then we can, we can tackle how you go about setting up the
ads.

Those are the ads. So just open one. Or do you want to see them? I just wanted to see them. So YouTube viewed any video.

Um, now that seem to be YouTube subscribers. Why is it showing only 2,300? I thought you had like 400,000 subscribers. Yeah, it might be due to, um, people not, not giving their data consent a lot in Germany. Right.

Okay. And would it be due to the, your issue with, with YouTube itself? I know you said you had some sort of legal thing going on. Um, yes. Um, so we have the channel back, but the lawsuit is still, lawsuit is still ongoing because,
um, yeah, there is no agreement yet.

Okay. On the, because they, um, so they, they, they cut off the channel for eight or nine months
and then they just gave it back to us. But of course there was no traffic. Um, and the lawsuit now is about, you know, like get the algorithm to have the same traffic
I guess before, um, there was some, um, some lost revenue and stuff like that. That's still to be bargained.

So let's, um, let's go to, let's choose the, um, YouTube, any video viewed. So see, uh, can you just click into that? I want to make sure it's just, and hit the three dots beside it at the top. Is there an edit? Yeah.

Click, click edit that there. Um, stay in this audience. That's right. And I hit the other dropdown open. Hmm.

Yeah, that's right. I mean, this should be you like, you obviously have, um, if you've that many subscribers and
you have that many videos, the audience size should be much bigger. I would, if you can, I would reach out to them and just ask why now it may be because
what they're doing, because you're in this battle, they may have a flag on your account
and they're only going to use like the last, the last certain amount of days. And they've only populated for, from the last certain amount of days, but I'd reach out
to them and say, ask them why this is, why the audience is so small, because it should
be, it should be like, in my mind, it should be a few hundred thousand people. Okay.

Yeah, it should be. You are right. Because it's like viewed any video. So if you have that many subscribers, you can assume that at least each subscriber is at
least watch one video. And then like typically a channel would have as many viewers again as subscribers.

So if you have that many subscribers, you'd nearly have two, like a million views of any
video. Yeah. I mean, we have 300 million views or something like that. Exactly. So like that's, that's why the, the, the audience sizes should be much bigger.

Now they must, they might be still populating, but you created these videos. How many, like a few days ago, right? Yeah. On Saturday, on Friday. Yeah.

So then like that's, so yeah, I would definitely reach out to them and ask them why that is
because there's something, there's something off here that this should be massive. These audiences should be massive, but regardless, let's look at how we would go about actually
creating the campaigns. So have you created any YouTube campaigns before? No. Not at all.

So you mean a YouTube campaign with a video like you walk through in the learning dashboard? Yeah. Yes. I, I have watched all of those videos and set up a campaign framework skeleton for that. But I thought with that one, we would do just a normal search campaign.

Um, for this one, you know, for this one, you can do, well, if you go back to your audiences,
you'll see the type of campaigns you can do. Um, just hit the, hit the back. Yeah. You can hit that or the back button either. So you can see here, we have, um, visit a channel.

We can do a search. We can do a search campaign. We can do a YouTube campaign or we can do a Gmail campaign. What I would do is because these are YouTube, I'd be, I'd be starting with a YouTube campaign. Okay.

Yeah. I already set up some, um, I set up those segments for, uh, hang on here. Like you, uh, taught in the video. Yeah. So which is, so you created the app affinity, URL affinity, the custom affinity and the intent.

Brilliant. So you've already, the segments created. So then I would start with, um, I would start with each of these and I would probably say
like the, the, like usually the URL affinity these days are doing, they're doing the best
and the intent affinity are doing the best. But again, it's always different depending on the, the niche and the industry. But, um, I would start a small, small budget for each of these tech, like with the audiences
in there.

So like if you, how you, do you know how to put the audience in there? No. Okay. So let's choose the, I mean, it doesn't matter which one we choose. Let's choose the custom intent audience.

Oh, sorry. Aren't they? Actually come out of there. Cause we're, we're doing a, sorry, I'm, I'm getting confused here. These, this is right.

What you've done here is right. As if you're doing a cold campaign, cause you're targeting cold audiences. These are the cold audiences we're targeting. But for you, what we're going to be doing is where it's a remarketing campaign. So we don't need to use these audiences.

We're going to use the actual audience you created. Yeah. But, you know, we can't do remarketing because of our topic. But no, it's a, well, it's not really remarketing because it's an audience. It's a YouTube, just call it the remarketing list, but don't worry about the, that you
can't do it because it, it's a YouTube remarketing more so than a, a visit, a, they visited a
website.

So if you go to, it's essentially creating a brand new YouTube campaign. So come back out of there. So you, so the campaign set up, the skeletons that you created, they're, they're what you
would create for your cold audience campaigns. Yeah. So what we're doing is a warm audience campaign.

So these are our YouTube subscribers. So if you go to, just hit a new campaign and we'll walk through this quickly and then
you could go back over it afterwards. So we'll be saying, we'll do leads because we'll drive them to where we could do it for
the E5 campaign. And we're going to do video. So we're not doing search.

So we're going to do video and what's that there? Just hit the X there. You've got your conversions already set up. So can you continue, right? Yeah.

You choose them normally, but we can do, I just want to show you quickly here. So you'd go into the campaign, choose a campaign, a name we would do. We can do, because it's a remarketing campaign, we can do re maximize conversions. And you obviously choose your budget. Now, one thing we can do is just hit the dropdown there.

And this is something I wanted to cover with everybody. So yeah, you see these days what we automatically have to do video partners and display network
where usually we don't want to do those, but there's a way of turning off that targeting
after the fact. So we don't want to have our ads on necessarily on apps or necessarily on the third party websites,
because a lot of times that's just a waste of impressions. So there's a way of turning those off as well. So any new campaigns that you've set up automatically have these.

If you'd set up the campaigns, I think it was pre-October, you had the option to untick those boxes. And now I can untick them when the campaign is set up? It's not necessarily untick them. It's what you have to do afterwards. Once you have the campaign set up, is you go into your audiences, which we're going to be going into in a second.

You go to your exclusions, and then you exclude all apps, and you exclude all third party websites. Okay. So just scroll down. And that's all fine there. This is stuff that we could look at again.

I just wanted to get to the audience segment. So see what says audience segments? Yeah. Just hit the drop down there. And then you're going to choose your audience segments.

So see where it says your data? No, the other one? That one? Yeah. Okay.

Maybe it isn't the top one. Custom segments. Oh, yeah. Here we go. YouTube users.

There we go. And you just choose which one. So typically, I mean, typically we would do one campaign for each one of them. So we're seeing which one is performing the best. But I mean, to set up a simple one, you could just choose them all together.

But it's up to yourself. Yeah. I'll choose the top 10 watch because subscribers were so small. Okay. So let's say you did that one.

That's fine. Scroll down. You can leave everything else open because you know that they've already been on your challenge
and everything else. See that? Scroll up.

Keep going. Scroll down. Okay. Up the way. Scroll back up.

Yeah. See, untick this. Go back down and see where the optimized targeting is. That one? Yeah.

You want to untick that because you're doing a, you're targeting your list. If you do optimized targeting, it's going to try and reach more people like that, which
is maybe fine when you want to expand. But for now, we want to test this particular audience. So we want to have that unticked. And then basically, you just paste in your YouTube ad that you want to use.

So obviously, we'd have the YouTube ad created. So you don't have a YouTube ad created yet specifically for this, do you? So this is where, you know, we need to work on an ad for that. And this is, you just put it in there. But that's essentially how you would set up the campaign targeting these specific audiences.

Okay. Got it. And in terms of the, if you were, if you're going to do this, in terms of the ad, have
you ever done any YouTube ads before or any? Yeah, never. But you, like the, sorry, what's the, your husband's name again?

Yeah. Yeah. So he's, he's obviously, if he's that many videos on YouTube, he's fairly comfortable
doing videos. So. Yes, he is.

Yeah. So then like, because you, you have an opportunity. Now it's not, it's not a requirement, but you have the opportunity because you're targeting
people who has already watched one of your videos in your ad, you can say that. So saying the reason why you're seeing this today is because you've already watched one
of our videos where we have a special training for you on X, Y, and Z. So then you're kind of meeting them where they're at.

You're not assuming that they're just a cool person. You're, you know, you're, you're calling them out for, for who they are. Got it. And you could use a lot of the, your lead and a lot of the, but not the exact words
of your lead, but you could use a lot of the, the kind of angles and the hook that you're
going with in your E5 campaign as the, as the, the, the kind of the body of the, of the
video as well. Okay.

And it should be not that long, right? Three to four minutes. Maybe. Yeah. That'd be plenty.

I mean, like anywhere from two, three, four or five minutes is usually enough. I mean, if you look at, I mean, Steve, some of Steve's videos, the, they, they're very
in lengths and they like, they, like they're doing really well in terms of stopping their
audience in their tracks and getting the, getting the lead as well. Great. So now if I set up this campaign, I will have another campaign with the same keywords, right? We're not doing keywords.

We're just targeting the audience. So there's no keywords involved in this campaign. Okay. That's good to know. Yeah.

Okay. So then the last. The only small issue is that because the audience is so small currently, it may struggle
to get impressions. So that's the only thing. So obviously that's why I want you to reach out to YouTube and see what the issue is that
because like we said, that audience should be a couple of million at least.

Yeah. Yeah. I think even with age restrictions and stuff like that, because we have like not as many
yet, but still, but we have people under 18, which we can't target here because of
the topic, you don't think that that might be the case. When you created the audience, you chose your ages. And I mean, unless you're getting like, what, what are we, what's your minimum age?

Most videos now are 18 plus, but we have still some videos left, which are for teenagers. So yeah. But like when you set up your audience inside of Google, did you choose an age range? No, I couldn't. How do I do that?

Yeah. So yeah. I mean, sorry. I mean, the, the campaign. So when you set up the campaign here, you didn't.

Yes. I choose the age range. Yeah. Okay. So yeah.

So then like it, it wouldn't be because of that. So that's, that's, that's not where the issue is. I mean, just something else. It may be that Google is just choosing it from the date that you set up the campaign,
which is shouldn't because they have, they have the data on, on your YouTube subscribers. You should be able to target those people.

So, yeah. But I reach out to YouTube, not to. Well, no, you reach out to Google because it's, you reach out to Google. Yeah. Because you see, you created the audiences inside of AdWords.

Yeah. Okay. Google ads. Yeah. Got it.

Good. So then the last thing is that there's this, the previous, the first campaign, I still
struggle to get more traffic here. So we improved on conversions. Like it's, it's stagnating all the time. Okay.

And did you change, remember we had the ad groups and we expanded them to broad match. Did you do that? Yes. Yes. I did.

Did that bring in any extra traffic? No. Okay. And what's our, what are we looking at in terms of impressions? So you're getting a decent amount of impressions.

In terms of the. Well, I could see over time. I mean, in the beginning, this campaign was really easy until March, April. And when I went through the data and what I could see is that the competition got much
better. So, you know, like the, how do you call it?

The auction, like the, the first few months I could be much higher up. Yeah. And now it's, it's, it's gotten tough. Okay. And I mean, working with you, I could make some small incremental steps forward, but there
is no like breakthrough.

So exactly. Yeah. So let's see. Let me see. Let me see.

It just closes your. It's really slow to optimize the campaign if it's so hard to get enough traffic to make
a decision. Okay. okay so you're getting roughly refilter here by your um what's your best performing keywords
um the second one and the last one
okay so if we look here see this search impression share yeah this is telling us out of the amount
of impressions there how many are you actually getting so for this one you're only getting 33%
of the impressions so does this one like we did this one we can improve a lot now what's your
this cost per lead is this um is this in your level or can you that's happened because the
targeting was messed up last week so don't worry about that okay so then so let's just look at this
here so search impression share and we feel like so see this one here this um fifth keyword well
it's a dynamic ad so okay yeah let's stop working whatever it was really good in the beginning and
it stopped working after some month so if we look at these campaigns here so there's a lot more
impressions that you could be getting so you could be getting 64 more percent of impressions
for this particular one and like your ad optimization score is 91.9 so that's then that
suggests that that's down to a a budgeting issue so let's say if we can i would increase our um
allowable cost per lead on this one and see or increase our budget on these ones to see if we can
get more of those impressions but don't do it like don't do them all at once start with one of them so
start with this if this one is the best performing one see if we can increase our our budget on this
one and see does it does the does the search and prayer share go up okay so like ideally we want
this above 50 percent now we'll never obviously we'll never get like a hundred percent but ideally
we want to be above 50 you know closer to 60 percent if we can and that means we're getting the line
share the impressions at the minute now you may be split between maybe like 33 percent to you 33 percent to
another competitor that just may be the way the case it is but this suggests that there is more
opportunity there's more impressions out there that you're just not getting and it's like based on your
optimization score it's not because your ads aren't good it's because um it may be down to a budgetary
yeah okay so um when i went i cut the budget back we raised it because it got really expensive how long
do you think um do i have to let it run until i can charge if it's working i would increase it and
then i'd wait i'd give it uh so if you say what day we say today's monday so if you're increasing it
today leave it until friday and then just see has this impression share gone up this is the
when you increase it because you're like these other metrics have been pretty consistent throughout
yeah so we're not necessarily looking for an increase in conversion rate obviously that'd be
nice but what we're looking to see are we getting more impressions yeah okay based on what's out there
okay great thank you so much i will do that immediately no problem thank you thank you so much bye
okay let me start sharing here there we go how are you steve i'm doing well
i watched your video you did i did i said i skipped to the to the offer part and then um i watched a
good bit of the intro of the offer and then i watched the close of the offer as well yeah and
i like how you did the the switch um it was that pattern interrupt with the with the graphic coming
in or the the fade and then uh or the transition sorry and then yeah you you were up front about it
and you said you made it even sound even more valuable and enticing saying that you you wanted
to update this video because of 2022 and et cetera et cetera and yeah i think um i think it was good
is it gone live it went live around noon yesterday and we got our first sale around eight
right that's good that's a good sign so it's how was it was it it was a follow-up sale or was it a
direct sale correct brand new that's brilliant that's that's it so and did it reduce the video by much
uh i think just a few minutes just a few minutes um if you if you would have previewed the the
beginning part he talked faster um so the the offers at a slower it's actually two or three pages
shorter from content um but it's only a couple minutes shorter from a video perspective oh okay um
and it was funny because i when i got the edit back i was looking i'm like it was supposed to be
shorter um and when i watched it uh i'm like well you spoke you know slower and james was like
yeah it felt awkward said it felt pushy when i was going faster um so he slowed it down
and you know we'll just i guess yeah let's see that's the sale goes yeah but for uh for one
afternoon i was pretty happy that you know and i mean it's it's positive yeah yeah the lady got the ad
at like uh you know 8 20 uh signed up you know within a minute or two watched the video
it um it um it was not the no email required it was opt-in uh but i i checked the video statistics
and she went literally all the way to the end and clicked over and here we are so
um that was all good uh it is live and you know i'll have more data towards the end of the week
and is it live for both uh the opt-in and no email required yeah i did the same video but i made two
two copies two labels so that each one i could check the the video and view rates yeah and view rates
and stuff separately so so i had hoped to get it live friday um but we didn't get it shot
thursday uh things got busy and then friday we were doing we filmed him early in the morning
um but then getting time to do the edits and get stuff ready
so never as simple as it is no yeah if this was the only thing you did right um yeah it'd be
different but anyway we're we got there um i was able to get through everything on sunday get the
pages and stuff updated um and and here we go so that's all good uh but i really just wanted to
touch base and and let you know it's live and so far so good and we'll just watch it and i'll be
back uh later in the week and i'll give you more data yeah sounds good okay so okie doke i think
i think you get to call tonight yeah well i'm gonna hang on just in case anybody turns up late
um just in case and then i have i have more calls to prepare for anywhere so i'll be busy either way
okay well i appreciate it cheers steve all right take it easy
bye
bye
you
you
you
you
Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
