---
title: "Media Buying 2021-11-29 20:01:00"
date: 2021-11-29
duration: 32m
duration_seconds: 1975
vimeo_id: 651281956
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Media Buying 2021-11-29 20:01:00

**Date:** 2021-11-29 | **Duration:** 32m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. I'm good, how are you? I'm good, thank you. How are you? I'm good, yeah.

Finally launched that campaign. I know, yeah. So how's it going? Well, bumpy. Bumpy.

Okay, well, that's okay. Campaigns are usually bumpy when we launch them first. I think so, yeah. Yeah. So what are we looking at?

What kind of stats are we looking at? Do you want to see them? Yeah, if you can. Yeah, sure. I'm prepared.

As always. I try to. So let me, so it often went up a little bit. If we have the whole time, it's not as good, but. So that's it.

Okay, so we've. We did already run sale basically because one, one euro sale. Was it a test sale? We're testing the funnel, that's one proper sale. At least, right?

It's our first co-traffic sale ever. Well, that's good from E5 campaign. So let's see. You've had 584 and the opt-in, 39 opt-ins. And then from there, we've had 24 people hit the sales page, which is strange.

So 39 people have opted in, but only 24 unique people have hit the sales page. This is something Jan also found strange. He said, how can this happen? And when I looked into the profiles of some contacts, I could see that they went to the sales page, or at least what's recorded is that 24 hours later or 12 hours later, then they opted in. Is it maybe because we have most traffic on mobile?

It could be. We can take a look at it from a technical point of view as well. We have about 85% mobile traffic. Right, okay. Get a view report now on how to forget about community.

Yeah, can I share my screen here? And then we'll take a look. Did I stop my screen sharing or will it stop automatically? And it'll stop when I share my screen, but I want to dig into the data a little bit more first. So you have a split test running, but there's only a small amount of traffic going to the variation page.

Yeah. Okay, so 6.7% opt-in is obviously quite low. Yeah. And definitely a potential bottleneck. Do you know how much it's costing you currently to get a lead?

A lot. So on average, we cost per, oh, I can't even say because I put the campaign on sales conversion. Oh, so you're optimizing for sales. Okay, so that could be one of the reasons why our opt-in rate is so low. So, like, typically how it works, and it's kind of similar to Facebook, but typically when we have an opt-in at the beginning and we're driving to sale, generally speaking, until we hit a high volume of sales, generally speaking, we optimize for the lead first.

I thought so, but I couldn't find the information within the coaching videos. So the reason why we do that is because in order for Google to really get into its flow, we need about 100 conversions. And if we're going to be waiting for 100 sales inside of Google when we're optimizing for sale, when we have a lead wall in front of that. Yeah, exactly. It's completely logical.

Yeah. So I would, that's probably what I would do first. Now, what you did was right, because eventually we will be optimizing for sale. But we just want to make sure that what we have is, again, remember what we're testing here with this, with the MDF, is testing the message and testing the congruency. And whether there's an actual demand for what we have to say and optimizing for sale at the beginning may slow that down.

Now, if we were driving directly to a sales page and we didn't have the opt-in, well, then that's when we would be optimizing for the sale. So that's one change we can make and we could see, does that increase our opt-in? And if it, it should, but I don't know if it will increase it from the 7% to where we need it to be like 30%. It may, it may, but I would say it probably won't. It'll definitely increase it without a shadow of a doubt.

Yeah. Yeah. So let's see what we can do to actually increase it then. So let me just cancel that. And I do that when we are finished.

Okay. Yeah. What I wanted to talk to you about is what I should or whether I should optimize something on the campaign side or only start optimizing headline, lead, and all that stuff. Right. Well, that's, that's what we look at, but they currently, if we go back to your results there, so go back to your stats on ClickFunnels.

So if we look at the, like, if we look at, this is where we started to make a decision in terms of what do we optimize on the media side or do we optimize on the marketing side? So we look at the core statistics first. So we've had 584 uniques, 39 opt-ins, which is 6.68%. And then out of those 39 opt-ins, we've, we've generated one sale. Yeah.

So that's, that's roughly two and a half percent, give or take? It's 0.2%, not, not even. It's 0.2% on the uniques, but on the leads, it's two and a half percent. Yeah. If that makes sense.

Yeah. Or if, if we take it on the, based on the, just the 29 visitors and getting one sale, that's like, that's nearly three, 3.3%. So whether it's the, whichever one is accurate, whether it's the, the 39 opt-ins or whether it's the, the actual 29 visits, it's still, it's like, gives us a conversion rate of between 2.5 and 3.3, which obviously we're dealing with a small amount of data because it's just 30 people. Or it's just 20, 20 something people, but it gives us, it gives us an idea that, okay, well it, it, that will suggest that the sales page is doing okay. It's just the bottleneck is actually the, the amount of people that are getting to the sales page.

So that, that would mean that the bottleneck is either the landing, the opt-in page or the squeeze page, or it's, it's the issue with the, with optimizing for the sale instead of the lead. So, or it could be a combination of those two things, because then we won't move. Just for me to, to be very clear here, you, you count the sales conversion rate from the people who opted in, not from the page views. Yes, because the people, the page, well, you can do both really. I mean, you can, you can, you can calculate and you can track both, but the, the, the main issue, as I see it here, and without even looking at the, like your cost per clicks,
your cost per clicks look fairly okay from what I could see just there briefly, but the main bottleneck here will be the, the opt-in.

So how much was spent in this time period, in these seven days? Yeah, just, I have to have a look. I'm not sure. Well, it's roughly a couple of hundred, three, nine, five, yeah. Okay, okay, okay, to generate one sale, that, that, two conversions, one of those conversions is your own one, like you mentioned, right?

Yeah. Okay. So let me go, can you go back to your click funnels here again? So, yeah, so it's, like, in terms of where we look at where the bottleneck is, we see the bottleneck as the current bottleneck is the opt-in rate. So then we need to say, need to dig in and see, well, why is the opt-in rate that low?

Is it because that it's down to the page, or is it down to something on the media side of things? So let's just have a look at the media side of things for now, in terms of what are your cost per clicks? What are your, what, what is it costing you to get someone to a page? And well, if we can, we can nearly work it out. If you've spent three, nine, five, and you've gotten 584 unique clicks, or whatever the case is, your average cost per click is,
40 cents.

40 cents. No, hang on, I was, I was in the wrong. Okay. 35 cents. 35 cents.

So then something's off here, because Google is saying 1,143 clicks, but then click funds are saying how many? For 500. 584 uniques, but it's saying 16, but it's still off by quite a lot. So something's, something's askew here, but we'll just work off the Google clicks because we always track the metric at source. So say, for example, we'll track the clicks at Google, we'll track the leads at click funnels, and we'll track the sales through click funds or your merchant provider, whichever, whichever you want.

So we always know that, like, at least we have some level of accuracy there. So then if you're getting clicks for 35 cents, and that would suggest that from a media side of things, that the media isn't the issue. The issue is on the page. Okay. Yes.

I have an idea. Can I share it? Of course. So, I don't know how it is. You are in Europe as well, right?

Yeah. Germans don't really like those short opt-in pages. They are very suspicious. Yeah. I don't know if it's the same in Ireland, but over the years.

There can be a little, maybe a higher level of skepticism. It depends on the market, really. I mean, in some markets, they're okay. In other markets, it depends. Yeah.

So I'm aware that it might work, but we know that it might not work. So what Jan did was, we have also a funnel driving YouTube traffic, warm traffic, or kind of warm traffic to it. And he split tested putting the lead from the sales page on the opt-in page. And it got the opt-in rate up from 35% to over 50%. Brilliant.

So we were thinking maybe it does make sense for the Google AdWords campaign to also put the lead on the opt-in page. Let's do it, yeah. Yeah, let's do it. Because it allows you to test the message a little bit more because you're testing a lot more of the message at one time. So I was going to suggest making a change to the page or, depending on how the results was panning out, driving directly to the sales page.

So because at the minute, you're just looking to test the message. So, but I like your suggestion. That's what I'd probably go with is test the lead as the opt-in and see how we go from there. Yeah. And then if it doesn't work, we would test drive it directly to the sales page.

Or we may test the actual messaging itself, tweak the messaging. Because, yeah. But I like your angle. It's a logical next step. And I think it will allow you to get more bandwidth out of it.

But just before you do that, if you also change the campaign around to optimize for the lead. Yeah, of course. Yeah. So how do you come to the conclusion that the campaign is not a problem because the average cost per click is okay? Yeah, I mean, just in terms of, I'm thinking in terms of, like, in terms of average conversion rates.

If this, if your landing page was converting at, say, a standard of maybe, say, 25 to 30 percent, that's obviously six times better than it is currently now. Or, you know, four or five, six times better than it is now. That will give you a cost per lead of, you know, it would divide your cost per lead by, say, five or six. So if your cost per lead is really high right now, you divide it by, even divide it by three or four. That would give you, with a conversion rate of between two and three percent, that becomes viable.

Yeah. Very quickly. Especially when you're dealing with cost per click. So, you know, 35 cents and stuff like that. So.

Yeah. Great. A short question on the campaign side. So I went with SpeedPPC and what I did was I set up the campaign so it makes an ad group for each keyword. So I ended up with, like, 54 ad groups and I thought, like, man, should I just go back and condense those?

I'd see how it plays out. I mean, I'd see how it plays out a bit like, I know, I haven't used SpeedPPC robustly yet myself. I haven't got around to it, to be honest. But I've heard really good things. So I'd say, let's see how it pans out and see what kind of results we get.

If we can get, I mean, if initial results, although it's still quite early, I mean, the initial results, like getting a thousand clicks, a 35 cent a click is, you know, it is really good. So maybe there's some, maybe there's some merit to splitting out the keywords into different ad groups. Maybe it's, now, maybe it was a case of something happened when you were creating these things inside SpeedPPC that it wasn't meant to do that. I'll do a little bit of digging around in there and I can see. But for now, I'd say leave it because the, from a media buying side of things, it looks, it looks quite good.

Okay, great. Thank you so much. That's all for me tonight. No problem. Thanks, Claudia.

Thank you so much. See you. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
