---
title: "Media Buying 2022-01-06 17:00:13"
date: 2022-01-06
duration: 59m
duration_seconds: 3593
vimeo_id: 663060834
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Media Buying 2022-01-06 17:00:13

**Date:** 2022-01-06 | **Duration:** 59m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey, Steve, hey, Mark. Happy New Year. Happy New Year to both of you as well. Let me see here. How are we?

Oh, we made some video. Either you're covered or it's just not. Here we go. There we go. So he's on the phone.

Things are okay. We actually had eight sales since like the 23rd. Okay, not too bad. Not setting the world on fire either, but not too bad. So, hey, Michael.

The interesting thing was, is I reduced the spend from basically 75 or $80 a day down to 20. Okay. During that timeframe. Okay, so it's quite good then, is it? So I was very pleased.

Now, we did do, like we did an email broadcast out to all email addresses that we had. That, you know, like you're getting bombarded with end of year specials and all of this stuff. What's the one thing everybody tells you? It's you need to come practice. Well, here's where you come to practice.

And we got at least one person that first viewed our ad in August, converted. So that was one of those. And then another one was like six weeks ago. You know, so they had watched the video and gone through everything six weeks prior. And then they converted.

But I'm a little dumbfounded because looking at Google, if you take those two out, I should have six sales and only have two. So I'm going to try and get with Teddy to run through stuff. I've gone in and used the Tag Manager and the Tag Assist. The tags are firing. And if you remember, when we had everybody bookmarking that page, I put an interim page with a video.

The welcome page, I basically made a, wait, we're building your credentials. We're getting your account ready. While we do that, watch this video. And that's the welcome video from James. Yep.

And after, I think, 30 seconds, I, you know, it pops up. Hey, your account's ready. Click this button to continue. And then they go to the welcome page with the Facebook information. With full details.

Yeah. And I guess my question to Teddy is, is 30 seconds long enough for that to fire, right? It should be. It should be, yeah. It should fire within, like, within the first five seconds, really.

Even the first couple of seconds. But, I mean, 30 seconds should be more than enough. Yeah. But that's the only thing I can think of, right? One thing I can think of, Steve, is the conversion window may be set to default at 30 days.

So, if someone converted in August and someone converted six weeks ago, they would be outside
of that conversion window. So, they wouldn't necessarily count from that campaign. Google wouldn't see them as being counting, even though they would have came from, you might
be able to see that they came from a particular campaign. But, in Google's eyes, they didn't convert in that 30 days. So, the attribution wouldn't go to them in their eyes.

So, everything is set for 30 days. What's the maximum I can do? Well, that was a question I was going to raise. I was going to ask, is there a way that you can look at your, say, the life cycle of your leads
and say, on average, how long does it take, on average, for a lead to convert? Because, you know, I did that.

Oh, brilliant. And that was a question I had, too. And basically, it's like 85% are within 24 hours, right? Wow. So, a vast majority are either within an hour or two, or I'm going to sleep on it, and then
they come back and convert the next day.

Wow. So, that raises a couple of points so we can discuss in a second, but continue. Okay. So, maybe 10%, 8%, maybe half of the others are kind of within a week. And then you have the stragglers that are anywhere from a month to whatever, right?

Yeah. Well, the first step we could do, we could go into Google and just extend your conversion
window just so we do pick those up. Because it is going to, I know it's a longer cycle, but those, the people are still purchasing. So, let's make sure that we can track them accordingly. So, if you want to share your screen and we can go through that.

Yep. Let me get that computer. Maybe I have it on this one. Hold on. And just to let you guys know as well, I'm not sure if Michael has let you know or if you're
aware, from next Monday onwards for a couple of weeks, I'm going to be away.

And Michael's already told him. Oh, yeah. I'm aware. I know. I know you're aware, but I'm going to wait for honeymoon.

So, I'm going to be gone to Antarctica for a couple of weeks. So, I'll be out of pocket. That is so cool. It is. And I was smiling because I knew the reason, but I wasn't going to share if other people
didn't know.

So, okay. Yeah. I didn't know if you were making it public, but in one of our discussions, you had said,
yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Yeah. Thanks for the good wedding wishes and for doing our honeymoon in a few weeks or after
the first of the year. Yeah. If you want to go to Mark, I can get my other computer online and then. What I'll do before I jump to you, Mark, is there's a quick question here from Michael,
from Samuel Johnson.

I thought I said Samuel Jackson there for a sec. That would have been fun. But it would have been good to have him on live. Question from Samuel Johnson for you about Facebook compliance. His campaign is about a mechanism called empirical vetting that helps you invest in crypto wisely.

Can you speak about any Facebook compliance catches that he should be aware of? He works an afternoon shift. He never makes calls when he watches the recording. So, it depends on empirical vetting, obviously, is just a phrase. So, that's fine.

If that's his unique mechanism, that's fine. It doesn't mention anything. In terms of crypto and Bitcoin, I've talked to a few people who were in this space actually very recently. And the words that they don't like, it's not necessarily crypto, it's Bitcoin. They don't like the word Bitcoin.

Crypto seems to be okay. Crypto seems to be fine as long as there's not, well, two things. Again, like normal, there's not vastly unsubstantiated claims being made. Like, you will make 600% return in two minutes. All that kind of stuff.

So, any unsubstantiated claims and stuff like that is a no-no. And then secondly, if it's, as long as what he's doing is from an educational point of view,
which I'm sure it is if he's building out a campaign and everything else,
and as long as that either, if he gets an ad rejected or if he can somehow do that ahead of time,
maybe with the page he's using, if he's using a particular Facebook page,
that he's clear that we are an educational provider that gives training on, you know,
cryptocurrencies and financial stuff like that as well. So, it's not like we are a financial software company that will sell you crypto
or we're not like a trading house or a trading exchange where people have to, you know,
deposit their money from their banks and stuff like that. That's the big no-no. So, as long as he positions what he's doing, either on an about page on his Facebook page,
so you're on his about section, or within the background of his business manager
where he's giving details about the business.

So, then if an ad does get flagged, the Facebook rep will take a look and they'll see,
oh, this is an educational provider. He's providing education and training on a particular topic versus trying to get someone
to necessarily, you know, invest in crypto or invest in their pension or whatever. They're the main things. Okay. All right.

Cool. Thanks, man. No worries, Michael. Yeah. Good seeing all you guys.

Yeah. You too, Michael. Happy New Year. Thanks. Okay.

I can either give you control or you can tell me where you want to go. I'll take control. So, let me see. We're going to go to tools and settings. Over to our audience manager.

Oh, no. We're going to go to our conversion. Sorry. Yeah, that's where you. That's where I had it.

We had it on conversion. Sorry. So, conversion action. We'll do this one here. Click into it.

Edit settings. So, Google are recommending three days, which is kind of similar to what you were saying,
in that most people convert within the 24 hours of the first couple of days. So, that's interesting. That's quite interesting. So, let's see.

Click through conversion window three days. See, engage. Select how long track person is after a video engagement. Click through. Let me see.

I'd set this one to 90 days. Okay. It's okay with you, Steve? Yeah, absolutely. Okay.

After a video engagement. I mean, a video engagement is, it's not, like, a video engagement is not necessarily a click,
because that's what a click through conversion window is. So, that might, they might watch one video, and then they may see another video, or they may go into a search campaign and stuff like that. So, I'd probably keep this at the 30 days. Okay.

And this view through conversion, we know this is, this is one we'll likely want to change as well. So, select the maximum time after a person views your ad that you want to count view through conversions. So, you have a, you have a branded search campaign going as well, right? Yes. We could extend this one as well.

I mean, it's, actually, do you know what? I think we should leave this one 30 days as well, because we have the main one. The click ones are the ones we want to get, because the most of the people that are converting after the people that convert immediately are the people that are on your list, right? Right. So, they would have had to click the ad and click the link and opt in to do that.

So, let's keep the rest of 30 days, and we'll just keep your click through conversion window at 90 days. And this is something to note as well, and not necessarily something to change, but something of note. So, the attribution model that we're using is last click. So, what that means, in case you're not familiar, is say we have one campaign that gets someone to opt in, they watch a portion of the video, and they don't buy. And then they, like, whatever, two weeks down the line, they didn't remember.

It was like, what was the name of that thing that I watched before? Oh, yeah, it was Sharelingo. And then they search Sharelingo, and then they see your branded search ad, they click on your ad, and then they go buy. With the attribution of last click, the conversion will be counted in the branded search campaign, and not in the original campaign. If we had a first click attribution model, it would be counted in the original campaign.

We should probably do first click then. And that could very well be why that may have just solved it, right? Because I was looking at a couple of these recent sales, and I think that's exactly what happened, was they, yes, they watched the videos, but they ended up, they went to our Sharelingo.com. They went and did a whole bunch of other stuff. I can follow them in Cartra to go through and say this was stuff they were doing.

And then it looks like they come back to a purchase page, and, you know, off we go. So that's fine, because what it generally comes down to, it generally comes down to knowing your audience and when they're converting and how they're converting, which it seems like you've got a really good handle on. So making that decision is perfectly fine. So let's just look at the other ones as well. Obviously, purchase is the most important, but also let's just look at these as well, because if Google is not attributed in these conversions as well as the rest of them, that may be slowing things down as well.

So just make sure that we're happy with these ones as well, okay? Okay. So. I'd probably make these the exact same as others. Okay.

So 90 days, and then do first click as well. I mean, I did not have a conversion action set on that final welcome page. Okay. The, I was, I've been looking at it in Cartra to know how many people are there and, you know, visiting and distinct visitors, et cetera. Um, and, you know, I can see the traffic go from the cart to that interim page, which is really the welcome page.

Uh, and then, uh, it's Bienvenido, um, the final, final page that they may bookmark and those numbers, uh, look, somebody did bookmark it because, uh, the number of visits was higher than the unique visitors, but the unique visitors kind of corresponds with our new students. Okay. During, during, during the timeframe. Um, so I'm confident that the sales progression went from checkout to interim page, welcome page to final, uh, you know, information page. Um, so the sequence, you know, it's not like the links were broken or something didn't happen.

Um, it was really, uh, a Google question of, look, everyone before this seemed to be tracking perfectly. What happened over the holiday where, you know, I had two of them, I can explain because of the, you know, they, one was hadn't seen or heard from them since August. Right. Right. That, that's well outside the window.

And I knew the other one was well outside of the 30 days. Um, but that's still left, uh, well, of the eight, if you take two away, there are six and that shows two. So there's four that were theoretically missing. Mm-hmm. So what we're going to do, I mean, I mean, that makes perfect sense.

And like the, at least, um, listen, yeah, we found the culprit anyway, but we think, well, I would say pretty certain. Okay. So see this, Sam, this is the lead opt-in. So we're not going to change this because if someone clicks the, the ad lands on the landing page and doesn't, and leaves the chances of them coming back to that landing page, like after 30 days and opting in, unless we bring them from another ad is very, very slim. So we'll not change this.

Okay. And the attribution model, we'll keep this as last click as well, just in case that if they don't come and they don't opt in, but then we target them with a second ad and then they do opt in. We want to make sure that we're tracking that. And that second campaign is working well or not working well as the case may be. And that's those tweaked.

And that's okay. So in the, um, what, what time period did you say that was again from the, where you got those ad sales? Say the 23rd through the 4th. We'll just do that. And those ad sales were total revenue of like 2,500 ish more.

They were 30, 34, three, $347 each. So. Yeah. So you're talking like 2,900. Basically, basically $3,000.

Yeah. So $3,000. So like that's, that's a healthy return, healthy ROI spending 850 generating 3K. I mean, if that's something that could be rinsed and repeated, I mean, like that's. We'll do it all day long.

Yeah. Right. So let's keep an eye on things. And, um, hopefully now that we have, we'll have a clear idea on attribution and, and we can start to, um, have you started to increase the budgets again or are you still at the same budgets? No, I, I, I bumped them up again.

Um, so the, the traffic is coming again. And actually the, uh, tab to your left is the campaign, um, uh, uh, summary. Um, uh, just take over the mouse for a second. So, uh, this one, um, and if, uh, basically all three areas where we've been spending and with, uh, uh, you know, away from paying the story, uh, uh, type four, which is a use case or a story sort of ad and then the retargeting have all had sales. Um, so, you know, looking at the, the, the numbers aren't necessarily appropriate with what we're seeing, but I am seeing activity in all three.

Um, so I went retargeting came back with limited budget. Um, I just had it at $5 and for the most part, we weren't spending that $5. Um, so I added it, you know, up, upped it to seven 50 during the holiday, um,
um, even though I reduced the other things. Um, I'm not sure what time period I have here, but as you see, December 7th to the 5th. Okay.

Uh, so that was this month. Um, well, that's weird because I think, I thought I saw one of the sales for the last week was a retargeting. But, uh, um, anyway, uh, I get my question is, even though we haven't been spending this historically, meaning it was set for just $5, should I bump it to 10? Um, and if Google thinks it's limited by budget, then maybe the retargeting audience is getting bigger. Click, click on the limited by budget and see what Google recommends.

Now, sometimes a limited by budget, it's can be completely skewed to what like the reality is. So, I mean, yeah, so they're recommending daily budget of 29 to increase conversions by 10 and increase in views, um, weekly costs and increase by 68. I mean, that doesn't make sense. If it's at seven now, it's not going to increase it by 29 daily. That's not going to increase the cost by 68.

That's, um, I mean, what you can do is, um, you can go up to the 12 if you want and see what happens. And if it's still positive, I mean, you can go up again to the 29. I mean, it may just, it may just increase your frequency, but there was one other thing that I wanted to look at that may provide a, a better chance of success. But. Okay, so we go back to your campaigns home here or your overview.

There was, um, a recommend, sometimes Google's recommendations are no use and sometimes they're, they're really useful. So this recommendation here on the right-hand side, optimization score of 70%, adding site links to your ads could pretend, will bring up your recommendation, but potentially lead to more clicks. So if we click here and we just view this, I just want to see what campaigns is recommending site links for, um, you, so get more conversant for showing your ads to additional likely customers. So, so did you click that there? No.

Yeah. Let's go back to recommendations. Your ads and trade campaigns aren't as prominent as it could be if you use site links. Yeah, so the, are you aware, are you aware what the site links are? That's the, that's the, the secondary, yeah, additional, additional links that we get to put in, but the good thing about them is we get to, and the good thing that I like about them.

Now I never have them at the beginning of a campaign because we don't want to be testing too many variables, but they, after a while, the site links can be a useful way of augmenting a campaign. But what I like about them, when we add in the additional site links, we can still use the same link that we're going targeting, but we can maybe have cover a couple of different angles in the copy that we use. So we might overcome, you know, if we're using, if the main one that we're using is a towards pleasure one and the other site links, we can have the away from pain. We can have a testimonial based one. We can have a, you know, a completely different one.

We get to overcome objections in our site links as well. So just as someone's seen our ad, the, the main copy of the main ad mightn't attract them, but the copy in the site link might attract them. And when they click it, they're being brought to the same page anyway. So once we specify it being the same page, it could be a useful thing to add in, to get, to just increase our clicks and increase our picture rates. Okay.

So if we, I mean, if you do, you know, pick one of the, like number two, try, try it everything. Yep. It really comes down, if I'm hearing you right, it comes down to, if we do a site link extension, is that what? So what it'll look like. So say if we choose this one here, but these are four that you've already created.

Now, these are likely not suitable because they were probably created before for a previous campaign. So the link in them will be probably going to a different, a different page or a different property, whatever the case is. But if we just take one, just as an example. See, it'll show it under here. So this is where our main video here, the main copy is going to be.

And then our site link is going to show underneath it. So, so we'd have to create a, create a new one. And we just put in our site link text, like, like creating an, it's essentially giving us the chance to create multiple ads within the one ad. Okay. And that, that was really what I was going, right?

So if we created something new, then it's just put in text that, you know, may support whatever they're seeing or be the flip side. Or like, yeah, as long as it's still congruent with the page where we're sending them, but like maybe taking a slightly different angle on it or slightly different. So say, for example, if the main one says, um, fed up trying to learn Spanish, but not succeeding or something like that. Imagine that's the main headline, as I say, um, the first site link might say we've helped over X amount of people learn and speak Spanish confidently. Um, are you next type thing?

And then the next one might say something like, um, the, the secret to speaking Spanish is not what you think. Um, it's like, it's actually a lot easier than people make it out to be. And then the last one might say, sick of the apps that don't get you any results. Um, this Spanish speaking method is, will blow your mind. You know, I'm just using examples here.

Different angles that, that we can tap into that when someone sees the ad, the main one mightn't get their attention, but these other ones, you know, we have an opportunity to, to get their attention. And as long as we use the same URL for each one, um, you know, we can, um, you know, we might use different tracking parameters if you wanted, but as long as they're all sending to the one URL, it's fine. Okay. Um, so I'll come out. I had been, I was looking at this.

I was just thinking it was to go to like a second, secondary page. I wasn't thinking about doing it to the same page. So, um, I will actually do these for each of the recommendations and then, uh, maybe we can run through them on, on Monday. Well, I won't be here to run through them, but you can certainly run through them with. Yeah.

With whomever. Um, hopefully I'll be getting eaten by a whale somewhere. Well, hopefully it's warm wherever that is. Well, it's definitely not going to be warm. You can buy a whale.

You're going to, yeah, nevermind. You don't have to say, uh, have a wonderful trip. Thank you for this. Um, we'll see you when you're back and, uh, have a safe and healthy one. Yep.

Thanks a minute, Steve. All right. Cheers. Hey, Mark. And we also have VLT.

Um, I'm not sure who. That's my second one. I, I just didn't log out of that, I didn't log out of that account to, uh, so sorry. Usually says Steve too. So.

Right. I normally log out of the business account and then log in as, as Steve. Um, but we were. That's right. Now, Mark, I'm going to pull up your pages that you sent.

And we're going to take a look or the form with exit pop. I've got them here as well. If you want me to share them, I've got them all. I know. I'll show you my screen here.

We can go to. Great. Thank you. And I've set up, I've set up the, uh, the Facebook ads and I just wanted to, if you've
got a minute, have a quick look through those. Um, absolutely.

I've been looking forward to seeing these. So it may have a decade later, but we've got that. Right. So I've been able to public for the first time for anyone suffering from fatigue, how
to recover from fatigue using Fortran infusion, doing a different way to recover from fatigue
called Fortran infusion. What I would do just, um, purely from a, an aesthetic point of view.

And just to make sure that people are clear what they have to do. Cause when you land on this page here, it's like, it just looks like, well, first of all,
there's no, um, there's no footer links like privacy or anything like that. So I definitely get them in place. Do you want me to put, should I put the copyright and all the, all that blurb at the bottom? Yeah.

Okay. Copyright and all the footer, like terms of service, privacy policy. Yeah. So you can just take them from your main site. It's fine.

I saw that. I think I've got that on the other page. I didn't realize it needed to be on here, but okay. Okay. And then the only, the other thing I would do then as well is, um, inside of, um, click
funnels.

I mean, if you're not sure how to do it, we can log in at your click funnels and take
a look at it. See the way this, this, um, this headline here is like, it's this, it's that wide. Yeah. But then the highlight is like that wide. So if we can trim that down.

So the highlight is only as wide as the actual wording. That'd work well as well. And then I'd have the button a different color than everything else because the orange and
the orange and the orange, it kind of just blends together. So I'd probably go with like a green button. Okay.

And then underneath, I'd have a thing that says, click this button to get access now. Oh, sorry. Instead of this, instead of, yes, I want to watch it. Just no, no, I'd still, I'd still have that. Yeah.

But then underneath it, I'd have a little bit of text with like maybe an arrow pointing
up saying, click this button to get access now. Okay. Cause just so people are like, you'd be surprised that people will land here and they were like,
how to, you, how to recover from fatigue, vision, photon and fusion. And they'll, they might think that, okay, how I recover is by reading this image here. I don't understand it.

I'm going to leave versus actually telling them and making it clear what they're going
to do. Got it. Okay. Um, yeah. Could you show me how to trim that?

Uh, that would be really helpful. Yeah. Do you want to share your screen and we'll log into your ClickFunnels and we'll take a
look? Yeah, sure. I'll hang on.

Um, um, um, uh, so the offer is the cozy wrap for two nine seven. Correct. Yeah. Very nice. Nice price point.

Well, yeah, I, I, you know, it's actually one of our, well, it's pretty much our best
selling product. Um, so, let me just, uh, I'm hoping it's, uh, it'll work well for everybody. Um, that's a bit slow, um, actually, do you know, um, do you know what I'll do? Hang on. I'll log into, uh, I think I've got it already up.

So let me just, sorry, I'll just share this again now. All right. Are you seeing the page, John, the ClickFunnels page? Is that showing? Yeah, it's loading now.

Yeah. Okay, great. Okay. Right. I'm going to request for control access.

Okay. Yeah, sure. It'll be quicker. Now. So the, the, the, the, the best way to do it is by doing rows and then modifying the size
of the row.

So I'm going to add a row at the top here. Yeah. And I'm going to add, just add this here. Yeah. I'm also just going to modify the, the, the sizing of the fonts as well.

So it's more focused on the, the actual, the prominent copy rather than focusing on this
available for the first time. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. So, how will, what we do then?

Is we go to settings here and we're just going to go down to wit and we're just going to
bring the width at a hundred percent of what we're just going to bring it up. Oh, fantastic. Okay. Amazing. Just like this.

Got it. And also it seems to be, is there any way to make it a little wider? You know, cause it seems to be cut off. Yeah. We should be able, we're going to go to advanced and we'll, I think it's under padding.

Okay. Yep. Oh, no, no, down here. I can do that. But, but yeah, I get it.

No problem. That's actually not in the row. What's in the actual cutting itself. See the padding section here? Yeah.

Yeah. Oh, great. Thank you. So we do 10 padding. It should pump it up.

Oh, that's perfect. Yeah. And I'm just going to remove some of the white space here as well. Yeah. Okay.

Huh? Okay. I'm just going to move it down. Okay. if you don't mind i'm going to modify this slightly as well sure sure
make it all and i'm going to adapt the size for mobile so i want to see what it looks like a mobile
remove that other one yeah
okay
nice
not how to i'm gonna i'm gonna modify the headline for you sure
nice
so it makes a little bit more believable
yeah yeah okay thank you that's great no that's not right and we're on
still wrong we're on
both these are wrong we're on but we'll just leave them
yeah it's okay all right so how um let me see
right
but i'm going to unbold
okay
so
well that really jumps out
so i got paid the big books
that's great thank you
no worries um let me see i just wanna
yeah that looks good there i might just
what i might do see this
yeah i'm gonna bring this under here
or on top of this here
and then i'm gonna delete out this all together
yeah
and
for anyone suffering from fatigue if i if i use
the same blue as our logo would that be better
um i think the orange looks good
okay
you mean the you mean for the background
yeah just for the background
yeah just because we use the buttons normally for the as orange that's all
so that kind of next yeah that's the one
that's what we're doing yeah
what do you think
yeah yeah this is this is looking really good now but what we're also going to do
is
we'll grab this we're going to duplicate this
we're going to change what we should have done was change the color first before we duplicate it
i know you guys love using the green does it matter if it's not our kind of branding colors
the the reason why we use the the color green
is because against black text and a white background
the green pops like crazy and it really sticks out and that's what we want our button to do is to stick out
okay
yeah
so now what i'm gonna do i'm gonna
should i make all our buttons green
on the on
you don't have to make them all green
no you don't have to make them all green
okay
i got it nice
so this is going to be a mobile only
okay
yeah makes sense
you'll see why in a sec
very cool
now we'll fix the mobile layout in a second okay
yeah
because obviously this
is
okay
so
you
yeah
yeah
well
yeah
so
and
yeah
so
Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. We don't know, the other button's gone. Okay. You must have deleted the other button.

I'll fix that font in a second. All right. All right. All right. All right.

All right. All right. All right. All right. All right.

All right. Thank you. It's very slow when I'm doing it from here. So it's going to reduce this font size a little bit more so it kind of looks a little bit better. Yeah.

There we go. I'm actually going to take this blue and put it back to the orange because the blue is a little bit off-put in the green. Yeah. Yeah. No, I agree.

Yeah. Yeah. Now that page is going to convert. That's very nice. The green does look amazing, I have to say.

Now, two last things to do. I'm just going to duplicate this. Do you know something? It's so interesting you say that. I had a look at a video of somebody looking around one of our landing pages and they didn't, similarly to what you were saying, they didn't know where to click.

Right. Yeah. Okay. So I've seen it, but I know, yeah, people go blind to buttons sometimes. Absolutely.

So this is going to be for mobile, so we'll duplicate, we're going to put one up here. Space looks good, no? Yeah, that really is great. And most people are looking on mobile, in truth. Let's just see what it looks like on desktop.

Okay, we'll just see more of it. Yeah, that looks good. It looks really good. That's fantastic. Yeah, I love it.

Big difference. Yeah, huge. Amazing. This will get you leads. Fantastic.

Yeah, it looks really incredible. I love it. Cool. So that's the, oh, that's the same one. That's the old version.

So what I would say here is if you could make some modifications, kind of like what I did there. So I just replicate pretty much that, this, that, that. You could probably even like take off this, this, delete this section here and delete this section here. And then just have the headline, the video, and this is delayed button then as well down here. And I'll use the new title that you've put in, how almost anyone can recover.

Yeah. What I'd also do is I'd use a different thumbnail than what's the image on the landing page. Do you remember in the ad, do you remember I've got that sensitive? Yeah, no, I wouldn't, I wouldn't use that for the ad or for the thumbnail. That's just for the ad.

That's what's going to get them to click. Yeah. So what I would do here, I would like, I would use a, I don't know, some, some different thumbnail or maybe like what happens when I click play? It just goes immediately into the, or it should go into the VSL. But is the VSL just, just text?

Yeah. Or is there any kind of, okay. Yeah. I mean, I've got, I've got lots of, you want me to put some kind of graphic of somebody who's tired? Some sort of a graphic thumbnail with that.

And then something that says click here to play now. Okay. And then let's have a look at the order form. Or the form is fine. I like it.

I've got an exit pop on there as well. Similarly, again, I just. Don't be qualified for free shipping in our church table. Yeah, I like that. Very good.

And then. So I was going to, I was going to make like a 30 second video saying, thanks very much, you know, for signing up, blah, blah, blah. And, and then they just, and below, if you scroll down, they can actually, they'll get an email with the links, but also they can just click there to log into some of the elements of the offerings and get it immediately. And just, just make sure you change these to 2022 as well. So people don't think it's outdated.

It's this minor thing. Should I put all the same things in again? You know, the, the, the, on all pages, you should have, every page you create should have those pages or should have those things at the bottom. Okay. Cool.

Do you want to have a quick look at the ads? Yes, please. Yeah. Where are they? Do you want to, you take control there and we'll have to click on it?

Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think, hang on. Whoops. Here we go. I just use one.

I just use the one image with just some different, you know, slight modifications on the copy. I'm going to stop sharing. You start sharing again, because I can, I can't see. Okay. I've got one.

Feeling fatigued is a new and different way to recover from fatigue. It's called Photon Infusion. Should I just have a click below to learn more or? Yeah, I'd probably have that, but I mean, it's definitely, you could definitely test it the way it is there though. I mean, absolutely.

Like that ad, I mean, I love that image. I really, really do. I know you do. I think, I, I, I, I, it just compels you to click on it because. It does.

It's this. And I don't know, I don't know who on, whoever's running traffic for, for Russell. I don't know who it was that came up with it, but I'm obviously not going to be taking credit for it, but it is a brilliant image. So, so I've used that as the primary image and I've just, you know, just use different, a little bit, slightly different copy on different things. That's it.

So that, that's one. Here we go. Okay. So different headlines. Just watch our photon infusion and fatigue.

Yeah. I love it as well. And again, I've got, I've got more. I've got this, I put this in as well. You know, if they want to read more.

I'm really excited for this. Thank you. Well, it's been, it's been a, it's been a wild building, but it's, it's about ready to go. I'm excited. And again, the same, I use the same text, but it's when infusion, different, blah, blah, blah.

But I love the short format. It's not something I've ever really done before. So I think they, they, they, they work well. I mean, sometimes, you know, it's, it's, it's important to test them off long formats as well. Sometimes for like, for this initial test, what we're looking for, we're looking for our first 200 to 300 visits to see how many opt-ins we get.

And then out of, say we get a hundred opt-ins and we want to see how those hundred leads perform with the, with the actual thing. So say if we get leads for, let's say on the high end, we get leads for like $5 in your space. And so we get a hundred leads for 500 euros. And out of those leads, we get four sales. So that's our five sales or whatever we get.

So is that enough to make this campaign work well? Well, that's what we'd have to figure out. So then we need, we need to figure out, okay, well, maybe the, the opt-in is converting at 50%, which is great. The, the VSL is converting a little bit less. So we know we need to optimize the VSL or we know we need to optimize the, the follow-up or whatever the case, or add an upsell or, cause like at this price point, I'd be very surprised if you can't make this funnel work to be really profitable.

But after adding in a couple of upsells, like a bump and another upsell. Now, obviously we're not going to do that at the beginning because we want to test out the main offer first, because if the main offer doesn't convert, you know, nothing else will, will convert because it won't have a chance to. But I'm like, because this fatigue is huge right now. It's going to be continued to be huge, especially with people getting sick from, from their boosters and COVID being rampant again and people complaining of long COVID and stuff like they're putting names on things that people had already. But now there are people who are more aware of it because they, they have a name for it, long vid and long COVID and fatigue and all this kind of stuff that people, people were always fatigued, but now they have a name for it.

So now they think that they're equally more fatigued than they were before. So it's perfect for you. I mean, it's, it's this, this is ripe to take off. So I'd love to see this do extremely well. And I think the way you've put a lot of work into it.

So, and like, in my mind, I don't see, not, I mean, maybe not immediately, but I don't see this not working. So I'm excited. I know that I'm, I'm actually looking forward to learning the process of analyzing, tweaking, improving, and just going through that whole process of basically growing it. You know, that's it. Like it's the, the worst it should perform is the very first day that it, and from them on.

After that, it should be improving. And I have like the biggest piece of advice I can give you, because I know you've been, you've been doing this for quite a while. And if you have lots of really good ideas, but the, the biggest thing I could say is, is just focus on making this absolutely sing. And that'll take it like, you'll, I want you to get sick of looking at this funnel and sick of trying to optimize this funnel. Because like, because if you've just focused on this and optimize this, this will, this will, I, in my mind, this will spit out money.

So. Great. Well, thank you. I, I, I will take that advice. And what I wanted to ask you was, as just as a kind of routine, I would normally create an email follow up.

I would have video training they can sign up to as well. I mean, I normally tag that on. I know normally you say with the MVF, don't bother with that. But should I do that or not? No.

No? Okay. No, let's get like, like, what we want to do is get the first 200, 300 people through this, see how it performs. And I see where the bottleneck is. The bottleneck may not be the follow up.

The bottleneck may be, maybe these, maybe this ad won't work as well as we think it is. And we need to come up with better ads. Maybe the ads will do really well, but the VSL won't work. So like, follow, trust the process and like, you'll do, you'll do really well. I mean, absolutely.

Okay. Should I create another ad set with another image? I'd say for now, I'd be very surprised if that image doesn't get your clicks. I mean, now, if what I would say is just to be careful, turn on one of the ads at a time, just in case Facebook sees this image and throws up a red flag. Because we never know.

I mean, the other ones got through, no problem. But just in case, don't have all four go live at once. Just start with one going live. And for some reason, when you publish it, does it automatically go for review? Because it's showing, I've only got, I've only got, so I shouldn't actually publish them there.

Well, as long as the, well, the, all of them are in review there. So they're off. So it should be fine. So only one's going to really going to go into the queue. So it should be okay.

Now, they may have changed. Like, usually once the ad was off, it wouldn't go into review unless it was, unless we, did you publish everything at once? Uh, no, I, I, I, I published them all, all separately. Uh, but I realized that, uh, you know, that's why they've all gone to review because I published them all, but I've only got one switched on. Right.

Okay. Yeah. Well, you should be okay then. I mean, like, uh, look that they're, they're probably 90% certain to get approved, but just in case, like, like getting an ad disapproved is not a bad thing. I mean, it's, it happens, but getting multiple disapproved at the same time can sometime raise flags now with four ads.

It's only four ads. So you're likely be fine. But like, if you had, if you had 16 ads in there and all 16 were rejected at once, that would raise a flag on your account. Yeah. Well, I mean, I normally, I do normally do one at a time.

I normally just do one or two to check that. Uh, but as I said, I made the mistake of publishing it. Uh, and normally. That's okay. I mean, it's okay.

That's fine. Okay. Um,
yeah. I'm like, I'm, I'm excited to see how this goes. Hopefully by the time I come back, you'll be, they'll be saying, oh my God, we don't know what to do with all the sales we're making.

From your mouth, a nice quote from your mouth to God's ears, as they say. Yeah. John, listen, congratulations, by the way. Um, really, really amazing. And I hope you have an amazing honeymoon.

And, uh, and again, thank you so much for all of your help and looking forward to seeing you, uh, when you, when, when you come back revitalized, refreshed,
and hopefully still alive. Did you say you're going to the Arctic? Antarctica. Yeah. Antarctica.

Amazing. Yeah. Well, you, you, if I wish I'd known, I would have sent you one of my jackets. Yeah. She's a mighty, I actually might be.

I should, maybe I should have bought them. I should, I should, I should have sent you one if I'd now keep you warm and you're going to, yeah. Anyway. Great. Yeah.

Have an amazing time. Next time. Thanks a million, Mark. Right. Congratulations.

And thank you so much. No problem. Thanks, Mark. Thanks, John. Right.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Bye.
