---
title: "Media Buying 2022-04-04 19:00:36"
date: 2022-04-04
duration: 46m
duration_seconds: 2794
vimeo_id: 695849287
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Media Buying 2022-04-04 19:00:36

**Date:** 2022-04-04 | **Duration:** 46m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Okay, Nadine, how are you? Good, how are you? I'm good, thank you. Good.

Okay, may I shoot with some questions? Of course. Thank you. I have been running Facebook ads, and then last week with Matt and Michael, we did some amendments, so they're running again since Wednesday, and I'm not happy with the results, so I'd love to show them to you. Of course.

Okay, so shall I share the screen? Yeah, you can do it. I'll just close out this here. Okay, I think it works. Yes, so what I did is I have three ad sets.

One is kind of targeting coaches, you know, people defining themselves as coaches. Platform is people watching Mindvalley, Gaia, and platforms like this, and bureaus are, you know, people in the industry. Okay. Then for each of them, I have four ads, well, four, four copy, four times copy, times four graphics. Okay.

Okay, so now tell me what do you want to look at? I need to get a little bit more data first, so. Sure, sorry. That's okay. So how many total clicks have you got to your VSL page?

And are you driving to, well, first of all, before you answer, are you driving to a directly to the VSL, or are you driving to an office? Yes, currently it goes directly to the VSL, and we also looked at these numbers. So that is just in the recent, since Wednesday. So here we have since Wednesday, last week. Okay.

But this number doesn't seem to be correct, and Teddy explained that Facebook might be sending traffic or whatever is counting here, just to make sure that it's a legit page or whatever. So jump back to Facebook for a sec. Mm-hmm. Can I request remote control access? Please.

Okay, so let me see. Let's see, performance with clicks. I'm going to go back to the ad set level first, okay? So we have spent, okay. So total clicks is 121, according to Facebook.

Yeah, and then please explain to me what is clicks all, and then there is clicks the other thing. So there's like, there's link clicks is, there's clicks all, and then there's link clicks. So total clicks is, without looking at your ads and without seeing your ads yet, I would assume that your ads, the copy variations you're using, you're using some longer copy variations. Some people have to click to see more button on your ads, which I'll show you in a second, and also a click is counted, and if someone hits like, if someone hits comment, if someone hits share, that they're all counted in the clicks. But the clicks that we look at is the link clicks.

So it's saying link clicks of 38 in that time frame, and then you have a number of plays, which is, if you go back to character there for a sec. Yeah, so we've got 38 clicks and 11 plays, and that's a play rate of about, for argument's sake, about 30%, which is a lot better than what it looks like here, that's for sure. Now, out of the 11 plays, nobody has completed it, so nobody has watched all the way to the end. And is your VSL, is it, the VSL is 46 minutes? Yes.

Okay. I watched, is this the VSL where it's the, the guy is, is talking and he's talking about the, the method for sales? Yes, exactly. Yeah, I watched, I think I've watched about maybe 20 minutes of it on 2x speed, maybe 25 minutes. And I actually thought the, I actually thought the VSL itself, I mean, it was, it was, it was quite good.

Thank you. I mean, I liked it. I was interested when you started going through the different, the six different needs of someone that, you know, that they, they want to know their, the end result. The mental moves. Yeah, just the mental moves.

So, yeah, so I actually thought that was quite interesting, and it definitely engaged me. So, that was a good thing, obviously. And the average watch time is 5 minutes 31, which is, which is an issue. But if you jump back to Facebook for a second, there's two, there's two things going on here. There's the, and I'm not sure what Matt and Michael covered last week, but really what's going on here is there's a function of, sorry, I have a bit of a cough.

Function of two things, which is the media side of things and the marketing side of things. Right now, the media side of things, it's costing you on average $5.26 to get a click to your page, which is quite a lot. I mean, that's definitely, there's definitely a lot going on there. So, if we go in, if I go in to, say, your first ad set, just have a, see what's going on. For some reason it's not loading.

Is it loading for you? I know, but my, yeah, sometimes it's slow. Okay, so you can see here that this, this here, the link clicks your rate on this ad is amazing. The ones with these two, not so much. Now we can, now it's only a small amount of data, but if you look here, like 787 a click is just very, very high.

And, you know, 0.6, 0.41, we always want this to be bare minimum, 1%, ideally 1.5, if we can get it, 2%. Now you have this one here, 2.78, which is fantastic. But the issue is that this cost per click is more in line with what I'd be hoping to pay. Whereas like this one as well, even though the click to your rate is poor, but this one is really crippling your overall, your cost per click. Because it's driving up the overall, because this is a 787.

Yeah. I was, you know, wondering if this is even relevant, statistically relevant, since every single ad has received quite little budget yet. So, you know, every. Let's have a look at your ad set and see what the makeup of the ad set is, because the, the audience makeup might be, might need some fine tuning. I mean, it looks estimated size, fairly broad.

That's it. Okay. So this hasn't, this is definitely an issue here. So see this warning here. So it looks like this, this, the event that you're trying to optimize for hasn't been set up and prioritized in your event setup tool.

So, okay. So actually, there was also a question for you, you know, what kind of conversion am I looking for here? Well, let's, let's cover this. So like the, the conversion you're optimizing for, we can, we can optimize for whatever conversion we want, as long as the conversion event is set up. But if we don't prioritize the conversion event, it's going to be very, very difficult for Facebook to try and find people for that.

So let's have a look at that quickly. So if we go over here to events manager, I'll open up this in a new tab. We don't lose anything here. And then let's look at this load. So under, you have all these different events, but what we need to do is we go over to aggregated event measurement.

And we have to, so you, you haven't configured your web events. So this needs to, this step needs to be done first. So we need to choose permission required to view events. Your ad account isn't solicited with a business account to see events upgrade to a business manager account. You're okay if I click this, because it's what we need to do anyway.

You'll have to set up a business manager account and add your ad account to that. So this, we can, we can do this now. It takes a bit of time, but we can, I can let, let you do it in your own time. Depends how long it takes, but yeah. If it's just for a few clicks away, let's do it.

Well, like I'll walk you through it. So you need to give it a, give it an account name, give it a, your name and your business email and go through the process. You'll have to verify that, open up your email and then verify that. And then you can go in and then you'll have to add the, add the ad account to the business manager and go through a few steps then from there. Like the, the issue is like, if we go back to your ads for a second, before we do any of that, the issue is like the reason why you're paying so high for a click is that you haven't prioritized these events.

So basically inside of Facebook, we have eight events that we need to prioritize and those eight events are going to be different for every funnel, depending on the type of funnel that you're doing. If it's a, if you were driving to a sales page for someone to buy a product or a service, the events you'd be optimizing for will be things like add to cart, initiate checkout, purchase and things like that. So they would be your high priority ones, whereas if you're, because you're doing application, the conversion event you chose is correct. Like submit application and we'd have to, I'll do a check as well on your page in a second to make sure the events are actually configured properly in terms of on the page. But the events that you'll be optimizing for are things like lead, submit application, completed registration and things like that.

And then we set those events up in, within our funnel. And it's, to be honest, it's, it's a bit of a, it's a bit of a nightmare and Facebook have really shot themselves in the foot with integrating, implementing all of this because it's, it's, it's hurt a lot of people that just haven't done it. And they, they think that they're, they're doing something wrong. And the reality is it's, it's Facebook's fault. And they, they, while they put, they put these little pop-ups to try and tell you to fix things, very few people actually do it because they're not aware that they even need to do it.

So that needs to be, we could, this all needs to be prioritized, which is in, you can only do it through a business manager, but let's just check that the, the events on your page are set up correctly in the first place. So I'm going to go back here for a second. Okay. And I'm going to go to add events and let me see from the pixel. So can you send me the, the link of the page that someone adds, lands on after they scheduled?

Yes. I will take over the mouse. Right. Yep. Okay.

So just paste that in there and click open website. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

So the pixel, the pixel isn't installed on that page at all, which is another reason why the ads can't optimize because it's saying that the pixel isn't even installed. So if the pixel isn't installed on the page, there's, there's no way for Facebook to be able to, to get you good results because it doesn't, it doesn't know how to optimize. Absolutely. So you need to install it on all of the pages now, or at least double check that it's on all the pages as well. Okay.

Shall I do it now or not now? You can, you can do it now. Yeah. Okay. Let me just grab it here.

It's one of like, I really like character, but one of the downsides is it's, it's a bit of a nightmare when implementing tracking codes and stuff like that. Well, I find it pretty intuitive for non-techie people. So. Actually, it is here. Okay.

So send me that link in the chat again. Now, see the, the issue, this is an issue I've ran into before with my own character, because I have my own character account that I used to use previously. And character was telling me to put the embed code in this here and Facebook tells you to put it in the head section. So I always used to just put it into the head section and, and not actually listen to the character side of things. So just send me the link in the chat here.

So here I've said embed Facebook. I know. But like, like I said, Facebook says to put it in the header. And I know character says put it there, but it like Facebook isn't picking it up on your page. So I'm just going to verify on my side here.

Oh, the other thing is I have to, maybe we have to double check if that's the right pixel, because I exchanged all the pixels because I was blocked on my other ad account. Okay. Yeah. Double check, double check that it's the right pixel. So it ends in 859.

859. We'll see the other page. We'll go back into Facebook first and just check that pixel, but that's 859. So just come out of that there for a sec. Where do I?

So you're going to do add event. And click from a new website. Actually, click the X there. Because you can see it up there, InspireWorks here on the left-hand side. You can see the InspireWorks pixel 4859.

So it is the right pixel. For some reason, it's not getting picked up correctly. So go to add events again there. There's no redirect or anything like that, is there? Again?

Go to from the pixel. And click open event setup tool. And just paste in there again, the page link. Jump back to Facebook in a second. Click add to test events.

Where is that? It's just underneath the error there. See, it says test events to make sure you have a pixel. On this? It's right there.

Oh, there we go. Yeah. Scroll down. So click the paste at the URL in there again. Open website?

Yeah. Yeah. And go back to your events manager. Now. What we're going to do is grab the, we're going to just switch the pixel code from where
Cartra says to put it to where Facebook says to put it, okay?

And see, does that fix things? So go back into Cartra. And just grab the pixel code and put it in the, just cut it. So don't copy, just cut it. And then go up, scroll up.

And just put it in underneath that head section there. And click enter? No, not yet. Make sure you're at the bottom of the thing. And hit enter now.

Now paste it there. And just save that. And then do that on the other page as well. And just save that and then do that on the other page as well. See ya.

Alright. abilities. Good to see ya. We can do that on the other page. Thanks.

Excellent. Bye. Same. Yes. No, please.

I'm sure what happens. All right. And let's see. Bye. So I'm sure.

Bye. No, I'm not up. Bye. Bye. Bye.

Bye. Okay, so go back to overview again. No, just it's right in front. Yep. And go to add events again.

And from the pixel, click open event setup tool and paste the application thank you page again. Because you left it, you might need to do it again, but let's just give it a sec to load. I left the other one before we're done. Go back to events manager. Yeah, Facebook isn't picking up the pixel for some reason, which is, I mean, at the end of the day, it's the reason why the ads aren't performing the way they should.

But this is, there's really two options here. And one of them isn't really an option because Facebook's support is pretty crap. The other option is to take a screenshot of this and open up a ticket with Cartra. Let them know that you've installed a pixel both in where they say to install it. You also installed it in the head section just in case.

And you're still getting this error. Because the, while the pixel, you are doing it. But for some reason, when Facebook visits the Cartra page, they're not picking it up. Okay. And until then, I'd pause the ads because there's not a, there's no point in running the ads until this is all configured correctly.

Okay. And just adding more when you're setting up ads, I mean, as a final step, just always verify tracking and everything else is set up and verify it. I know, like, you did everything right. You installed the pixels. We don't know if the conversion, obviously the conversion events weren't configured.

But in terms of installing the pixels, you've done that. But we can't check if anything else is organized because Facebook's not talking to Cartra the way it should be. So that's a, that's a Cartra issue that needs to be fixed. Mm-hmm. Okay.

Okay. Okay. So I'll close them. And other than that? Other than that, I mean, some of the ads that we looked at, they're, they're performing very well.

Others are not so well. But the reality is we, we can't really judge that data because Facebook can't optimize for anything because it doesn't know what to optimize for. Mm-hmm. So there's no way for the algorithm to actually get you good results because as far as Facebook's concerned, it doesn't know what to optimize for. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Any other questions on that? Well, no. Maybe you want to, you know, your feedback on the ads themselves.

Yeah. Let's take a look at the ads themselves. So do I still have access? I think I do. Or on the targeting or, you know.

Well, let's, well, let's look at the, let's look at the targeting first. So the gurus, and then we'll dive into the ads. Okay. Now let's just bear in mind. There's not much point looking at the stats of the ads because again, we can't, we can't track properly because we don't know what to do, but we'll look at the targeting.

We'll look at the actual ad and copy themselves. Okay. Okay. I think the targeting is, is fine for, for what you want to do. Um, audience size is, I think it was six to six to eight million.

I think it was. Where is it? Six to seven million. Now, if you, when testing, I mean, this isn't necessarily a, a rule that's like written in stone or anything, but when I'm testing, I like to have an audience size of say, around the 500,000, three million mark. But I mean, it's not critical these days, but I mean, it may be a case that we're just, we're testing in an audience that's maybe a little bit too big right now, but that's not the reason why you're not getting the results that you want to get.

Like it really does come down to having the, the, um, the pixels configured and the audit and the conversions configured and everything else. But from, in terms of which you're offering, who you're targeting, I think the, there's not a whole lot wrong with the targeting in terms of the, the, the gurus that you're targeting in this one and everything else. If I was to say anything, um, it might be that you're, you're doing, let me go back up to the actual demographics. There's a lot of countries bunched into one, um, with such a small budget. I mean, you're working on a $50 a day budget, trying to target all of these countries with a $50 a day budget is going to be a little bit difficult.

Whereas you'd probably get away with just targeting the likes of the U S um, with that. Okay. Um, but like, but again, that's not a, that's not going to make or break your campaign. That's just a, a potential observation, potential optimization, but that's, that's not for any, that's not going to stop your campaign getting results if everything else was set up correctly. So that's that ad set.

Let's look at the next one here. And then we can take a look at the actual ads. What's this text audience size. Um, so there, it was 750 to 800 something. Yeah.

That, that audience size is, um, is good. I like that audience size. Um, now the issue with the zero conversions and the, this here, this is more got to do with the, like Facebook. Facebook, Facebook is what Facebook's trying to tell us there is that it doesn't know what to optimize for, but I mean, they're so vague with how they tell things. It's a bit of a nightmare.

I mean, it's, it really is. They're not, they're not helpful at all. And then the last one then is coaches. So is this based on their, um, job title? Um, yes.

So interest, life coach, wellness coach. Yeah. I mean, this looks fine as well in terms of targeting, um, audience size. Yeah. I like that audience size.

It's fine. Anywhere from 500,000 to 3 million, 3 million plus is okay. So targeting wise, we're okay. Let's look at some of the ads now. Immediately.

I like the thumbnail. It stops. It's a, it's, I like the contrast between the two colors. I like your, your, your in an action pose, which always helps. Um, so yeah, the ad is good.

I haven't even looked at the copy yet, but the image would definitely stop you. So it would definitely catch your attention, which is what we want, what we want our images to do. So kudos there. That's good. Um, let me just look at the copy.

So see where you were getting a lot of clicks because you're using a long copy, um, uh, a long copy primary text. That's good. Um, now is there a reason why you don't have a headline? Um, well, it shows the headline that is from the page. So you're happy with that.

Yeah. Unless you have some insights, but it says what it does. Um, I'd probably have a, at the end of it, I probably would use this as an option. So the seven mental moves for effortless sales. And then what I might have, if I just scroll up here to the, where we can put in the headline, I'd probably have something like.

Um, like some sort of a call to action in there. Um, so if you scroll down now, look at the ad, it's like, there's a bit of a call to action in there that might help things. I mean, I'd probably test a couple of different things like this. Um, or even like a question mark, question marks are always quite good to use. If you're not using a question in the opening of your primary text, which is up the very top here.

It can be good to use a question in the, in your headline, like something like, um, how many of these seven mental moves for sales are you, for optimal sales are you using? Or are you missing how many of, um, that's kind of, um, it's a little bit more intriguing. So it's like, okay, there's seven sales optimizers. How many am I missing? I didn't even know there was seven.

She's like, I could be missing all of them or I could be missing two of them. Um, so then, so that, like that, that just has a bit of curiosity, but intrigue about it. And those kind of, those types of things can work really well. So if you want to take another, I won't save this here, but if you want to take a note or something like this, you can test variations of these. Yeah.

Writing it down. But that first one, in terms of the image, um, obviously I didn't look at the copy. Uh, one thing with the, with long form copy that works, um, really well is that it helps the algorithm in terms of if you were targeting a broad range of audiences,
which, which you, which you were, um, have it, the algorithm scans your copy and associates your copy with who it thinks is going to be more likely to, to convert to that. Um, but again, we can't judge the data of your ads because the, the conversion events and the mess with the pixel and everything else. Again, this image, um, I like the color of the image.

It's, it's a good contrast to it. Um, if I was to say anything about this image, I'd say the, um, if we could have a square version, it would probably work better. If I would have a what? So this is like a rectangular image. Um, and in the newsfeed square works so much better than rectangle.

So you like, if you look at your first image, that was a square image. Um, and this, see this one here, it's just taking a bit of time to load, but this is essentially a square image. And for some reason it's not loading, but there we go. So this is a square image. This works really well.

The yellow, the yellow in the background is good. Um, the, the different size font I like as well. So essentially if someone's scrolling through the, um, they'll probably, the first one will probably catch their attention and then they'll see it and they'll stop. And then they'll want to read the rest. And because it's different sizes, they have to concentrate a little bit more, which means to spend a little bit more time reading it, which is really good.

So I like this image as well. I like that you're using, um, emoticons as well in the thing. And you're using, uh, arrows as well. Yeah, that was some insights. Like Matt gave me some very good input there.

Yeah. Uh, and you're using your, your, yourself. Now the one disconnect with me, you're not in the actual BSL, are you? It's all, um, your business. Sophie, if you had pictures of him doing things like that, it might be a little bit more congruent, but, um, it's, it's not going to be a big deal.

Because I think the two of you are on the page anyways, eh? Yeah. Well, later on, there will be an opt-in page where we're both, where we're both at. Right now, the BSL is just, neither of us. These are, yes, these are, these are, these are just, um, these are minor things, but I like the fact that you are using a real image of yourself and you're using a little bit of a graphic element on top.

And they're the type of things that really do stand out and they're the type of things that get attention. So let's have a look at the, one of the, the copy elements. Um, one thing I would say about your copy is, or one thing that you could test is if you, so you're using this long copy variation for like the four different images, correct? Yes. And then I have also four.

Okay. So this, which is, which one are we on? We're on, um, long T1. Long T1. Okay.

So then go to the 7mm just below. There is another copy. Okay. Okay. Yeah.

So you're doing what I was going to say that you could do is switch up the opening as well. Cause if you use the same opening for every single ad, um, you know, people, we don't know if that opening is good enough. Cause they essentially, what someone sees initially before they see your long copy is to see this little opening before to see more, to see your image and to see your headline. Uh, now the, let me just see another one. So scroll a little down.

Then there should be a short one and short two somewhere. Here we go. Short number one. Yeah. That's like really short.

There we go. For short, what I normally like to do for short is, um, is tested a different variation than an opening of a long one because they, and the short one, I would make sure there was no see more. Cause you don't need to see more for short. So again, what I would test as a short is like, like that question I phrased earlier on as a headline. Are you, how many of these seven mental moves for optimizing your sales?

Are you, are you missing or are you using? Find out now. And that's just short. And that could be done in two lines and that's all you need really. Now, if I was to take this up here, look, see the way you have this on four lines here.

If I just bring this back to three lines, we might remove that. See more altogether. Let's see. It's not shown. Or there we go.

I preview down here. No, it's still there for some reason. We want to, we don't want that to be there. So, um, anytime you do a short copy, if you can make sure your short copy is getting rid of this. See more because you don't want people clicking this.

See more because you're getting charged for that. You want them clicking on the image or you want them clicking on the learn more button. Okay. But apart from that, I mean, the graphically, um, the use of your, yourself, I mean, it looks good. The only downside is the, is the issue with the stuff not being configured correctly.

I mean, apart from that, I think it's, it's, it's good. Okay. There is one more copy. It's called short to the end. Yeah.

Yeah. Okay. I get this, the same feedback. Yeah. And if I was to say anything else is this cut, the opening of this copy, it kind of, um,
it's actually not that short.

I mean, it's more, I call this more of a medium than short. Short is like the one or two sentences. Yeah. Um, the opening of this, the seven mental moves that create alignment and resonance with your
prospects, what are happy and run your program, coaching or service are now summarizing this
brand new video training. That kind of assumes that someone's already aware that there was seven mental moves and
they were, it was like a really long winded thing.

And now you've summarized it into a new train. If that may like where you could use an angle like that is imagine, imagine I had an ad running
targeting people who use character is that said something like character used to be really
cumbersome, but now I've summarized it into a, if a simple two-step plan, you can use character
to make sales. Watch this video here. You're already aware of what character is. So it's fine.

But the thing is that the people that you're targeting don't know that there are seven
mental moves. Yeah. And you're, whereas what you, what you could say here is, did you know that there are seven
mental moves that you can use that creates alignment and resonance within your prospects
so they'll happily enroll in your program? Want to, want to know what they are? Watch this video.

Can you go again? Did you, did you know that there are seven mental moves? So did you know that there are seven mental moves that can help you create alignment and
resonance within your prospects so they'll happily enroll in your program? We've used this to effort, effortlessly enroll five new happy clients every single month. If you want to find out how we do it, click here.

But that's probably a little bit long-winded, but you could, you know, you could dense that down
and shorten it. So, you know, let's, let's go again. So every month we use the seven, these seven mental moves to effortlessly enroll five plus
clients or along something along those lines. So it's basically either creating curiosity around the seven mental moves or asking them
a question related to the seven mental moves in a way that piques their interest to get
them to, get them thinking, well, what are these seven mental moves and how come I've
never heard of these before and how many of them I'm missing and am I even using them
when I don't even know? Is this to really, you want them thinking maybe this is the reason why I'm not getting
the results I wanted to get because I didn't have this information versus saying, just
coming out and say, this assumes somebody already knows that there's seven mental moves
out there when the reality is very, very, very few people would be aware that there's
seven mental moves.

Now, when you went through the seven in your VSL, there's going to be two or three that
people are familiar with, maybe not using correctly, but they're probably going to be familiar
with like, you know, problems, solutions and things like that. Maybe they're not using them in the way that you use them and they use them in a way that's
effective. And that's, that's, that's, that's a good thing. So there's going to be some light bulb moments while they're watching the VSL, which is why
I enjoyed your VSL and there was stuff in there that I really liked. So I think once you get the issue fixed with the, the ad and the conversion side, not the
ad side, but the conversion side fixed, I don't see any reason why this wouldn't be getting
you the results you want to get, because I think apart from that bit of a, bit of a mix
up, everything here looks good.

It looks really good. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. I really appreciate your feedback.

No problem. Okay. So I will ask Kartra, why isn't it working on their site? So you're, you're. Yeah.

If you submit a support ticket to Kartra and say, just, just explain exactly what's
happened. You've, you, you set up new funnel, you've installed the pixels on the Kartra pages. You're going through the process of testing your conversion events in the event setup tool. And all of this, if you go to your events manager, if anything I'm saying, you, you, you, you forget
it or whatever, and you can just go to your events manager. And so you can give them a link to the event setup tool as well, or share a screenshot of
you putting it in and saying, every time Facebook tests it on the Kartra page, it's
saying the Facebook pixel isn't installed.

Then what I'll do, what I would do is because they're immediately going to say, have you
checked that the Facebook pixel is actually installed? Send them a screenshot of the Facebook pixel actually being installed. And what I would do first is go back into Kartra and put it back to where they say to
put it because changing it didn't make a difference. So put it back to where they say to put it and send them a screenshot saying, look, it
is installed, but Facebook isn't picking it up. Please help.

And they should be, maybe they have released a training on it because I'm pretty sure you're
not the only character person to have this issue. So hopefully they've already come up with a help or an article piece or a support piece
on it, or maybe even a video on it that can fix it. And while you're waiting for them to respond, maybe go into, anytime I'm waiting for things
like this, I normally go into YouTube and just like Google my problem. So if my problem is, um, uh, pixel, yeah, installing pixel Kartra or conversion events
Kartra, things like that, things are, and just see if there's, you know, there's so much
good information under, you never know, you might get lucky. Now, a lot of the times we mightn't get as lucky as we want, but while you're waiting
for a character to come back, no harm checking that out because they, they may take a few
hours or 24 hours or whatever the case is.

Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'll, I'll submit it now. They're at work. I go to sleep.

Hopefully. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Yeah.

Okay. I really appreciate it. Thank you so much. No problem. Did he?

Good. Is there anything else I can help you with? No, I mean, I'd like, like I said, I'd watch the video. When you originally, I think it was not last week, but the week before you submitted your,
your, um, into the coaching thing and I got, I got it and I took a look at the VSL. I mean, immediately I was, I was watching it and I was, I wanted to see what each of
the seven were.

So even if someone is familiar, which I was familiar with the first couple, I was like,
well, what are the rest of them? I need to find out what the rest of them are. So, um, so that's good. And it was engaging. I thought that the initial copy was, was well done.

Um, so I, like, I'd have no reason why this wouldn't, wouldn't be generating results. One thing we didn't check was the, what it looks like on mobile. So let me just check it here. Um, yeah, well, the, the, the thank you page on mobile looks good. So I'm assuming the, the other page looks good as well, because Cartra is fairly, um,
fairly good at auto-optimizing on mobile.

So yeah, I mean, I think it looks good. I think with the right setup and process for conversion events and pixel installation,
there's no reason why you can't be, um, can't be getting results. So let's just say I was, I, I, I happened to see your ad. I clicked on your ad. I watched your VSL.

I booked a call. I attended the call. What's my price point? What, what am I paying to, to learn this, your, your program? What's the cost of your program?

Um, it's 6,800 or if you're paying bullets, we give a discount of 1,000 or, yeah. Okay. So then like just the only reason I ask is I want to kind of reverse engineer some numbers. So then typically, um, I'm assuming if you're, you're teaching a sales training that the,
your sales closing rate is going to be quite good. So, but so what out of every 10 people that would show up to a call,
how many would generally close, assuming that they're somewhat qualified?

Well, Billy is doing the closing, my co-founder, and he is pretty sure that he has a closing rate
from something between 30 to 50%. Okay. So let's, let's say, um, let's even bring that down to 20% just to be conservative. So then if we're, if we're closing 20% of the people we speak to now, let's say on the high
side, we pay, we pay, let's say $400 per book call, which is, it's a little bit high. I mean, we'd probably look at it to be coming in and around 200, 250 consistently.

Some days we might get 150, some days we might get hundreds, some days we might pay 300, but
let's say we're coming in at around on the high side, 400 per book call. We close 20%. That means we're spending two grand to generate 6,800. And I would do that all day long. I mean, so like, so like once you get, that's why, that's why I'm saying that if, if you,
once this gets fine tuned, there's no reason why this shouldn't work extremely well for
you.

Because I think the ads look good. The BSL looks good. Obviously, I don't know how good Billy is at closing and everything else, but like everything
else ahead of that looks good. So once everything is set up correctly, there's no reason why this shouldn't work extremely well. Yay.

Thank you. That makes my day. Thank you so much. No problem. Hopefully Billy is as good as he says he is now.

Yes. Yes. No, he did. Yeah. We had, we had the first group that we kind of reached organically and yeah.

So. Okay. So let's get him some leads. Absolutely. Yeah.

Cool. Thanks, Cindy. Thank you. Bye-bye. Good night.

Bye.
