---
title: "Media Buying 2022-06-16 16:00:47"
date: 2022-06-16
duration: 14m
duration_seconds: 856
vimeo_id: 721132024
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Media Buying 2022-06-16 16:00:47

**Date:** 2022-06-16 | **Duration:** 14m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

here Okay, so to keep things off, I'm going to start with a David's submission. So David, I'm going to go through your numbers. And I'm going to see how best we can help you out. So, let's see so looking for guidance. A little bit to do so add High click to rate high link.

Click through rate long-form text Data 126 clicks to the page. No add to cards average time on page two minutes long form text. Most people get to sleep lockers and don't even look at the mechanism. The link which I'm going to open up in a second DSL version had two out of 65 conversions drop off in the late 20% of the people played a video. Optimization was 20% which is fine.

so then add okay. To do clarification 2.36% link click through it solution screen here. easier Okay, so The link clicker rate is 2.36% 50 Cents 56 cost per click 16% of the video 16% Watch the video. I details long form version 2.46 Linkletter race. 93 Cent cost per click on it 26 clicks zero sales CPA was 112 aov was 39 happening at an upsell.

136 option everyone has TechNet so far. It's fine. To make this workout countless CPS below 75 dollars. So one thing I'd like clarification on is is on see Is that what we optimize David? So what were you optimizing in the campaign forever you optimizing for and conversions we optimizing for purchases or were you optimizing for people visiting this page in terms of Link clicks or landing page views?

Because if you are optimizing the landing page use that maybe reason why you've got no conversions, but I just want to that's one thing. I would definitely need clarification for on. And scroll down here. To so we have one. three six Okay, so when you were doing the vsl version, you said that your CPA was 112 and an aov was 39 because I'm assuming someone just bought this one ball, which is fine.

and we had 65 plays into purchases. Now the 16% of people who watch the video. I don't have that page which the original DSL page and it sounds like and if I remember correctly, the reason why you switch to long form sales page was because Your view rate was so low, but with the CPA of 112 dollars, I mean, there is no reason. Why we can't get your aov up to that $39 or above much much higher than a 39 dollars with them optimizing everything else after that purchase. Now in saying that the 16% of people who watch the video does seem quite low.

but it doesn't like did the reality is that when we when we send directly to a vsl page or view rate is always going to be lowered and if we have people opt in first and that's just a trade-up that we have to take when we're sending directly to a Visa cell page now one thing that you have to bear in mind is that we may be able to make your vsl work out of you rate that is around that 16 to 20 to 25% range because if you rate is not necessarily going to be and a major major factor in terms of the outcome. Obviously. Yes, the more people that you your vsl. The more people that will get your offer and potentially purchase, but we may be able to work make it work and at those at that point at that view race if we can dial in the rest of the funnel now, I'm not saying we should be aiming for 16% Obviously, I would like it to be closer to 20 25% even higher but the reality is when we're driving directly to be yourself. Unless we double equally qualified our click.

The view rate is always going to be lower because people are coming cold from an ad to a vsl. It is always going to be lower. Now. There are certain things. We could include under vsl page.

Say for example, if I share my screen here and I just flip off the Whiteboard, let's say or vsl page is this here? And we have our headline. We have our video. With a striking thumbnail or we're using an animated and if we're using something like whiskey and we can use the first three seconds animated Source Like a Rolling animation. They always work quite well and let's say we have our teaser bullets here of say three to five teaser bullets.

So on and so forth. And maybe in exit pop that appears that once they go to exit it just pops up and ask them do they want to actually read your transcription and then send them to the transcription or as they're playing underneath the video here. We can have a link that appears prefer to read click here to read the transcription and that brings them to the the long form sales page now. If you could send me your your original vsl link, I can certainly take a look at and what what needs to be optimized there in terms of how much I would like to know how much testing you actually done on the thumbnail how much testing you're done with these teaser bullets how much testing you did in the headline? And the reality is in terms of getting our view rate up.

They're really only the only things we can test possibly testing the ad beforehand having a bit of a teaser video where they had to call to action is to continue watching obviously that might help but if we're using image ads going from image ad to to be a sell like testing the images is not necessarily going to have a big impact on The View rate, but really the only things that we'll have a big impact on The View rate. Once they get to this page is the the headline the thumbnail and or teaser bullets and possibly or exit pop now, I would be testing each one of those components individually. That's the reality that's what we have to do. If you're hell bent on getting that you read up, but I think your numbers initial numbers of two purchases at a and CPA of 112 11 12 dollars. That's some good initial results.

And I don't know if the best move was to go over to the long form sales page. I know it is one way. If we can mitigate the that they're getting people pass or lead but it just looks it looks like it didn't pan out from a numbers point of view. So I would be going back and I would be aggressively testing our vsl page to see if we can get that new rate higher because that will have a trickle on effect. Now.

The reality is you're not going to get your view rate to 75 80% unless your traffic is really dialed in and it's not like the the reality looking at your traffic numbers. You don't have a traffic problem. You have a it's definitely on the marketing side and but it's not like your numbers aren't awful. Your numbers are quite initially strong in my mind in terms of the with a 16% view Rich. It got two purchases and I think with some aggressive testing and not just doing one or two tests, but like really dialing in the testing on this this vsl page we can get that view rate higher now something else you could consider is like clear this is adding a bridge page in between the ad and the vsl page so they go from so right now they're going from ad to PSL page and that's just a lot of those clicks are just going to be you know, looky-loo clicks just testing things out.

So what we could do is go from ad to short form advertorial that's essentially qualifying the clicks. And that has a number of so like when I say short form I'm I mean, it's like a hundred and fifty to 300 word advertorial strong benefit-driven headline selling them on the the opportunity that's talked about in the vsl with a strong Cold action to watch to be yourself. So we would have a strong headline. We would have a link in our opening paragraph. so opening paragraph link We would have a link in the roughly in the middle of the article.

article link and middle Sorry for the really bad writing. And we would have a button at the bottom saying check or watch video now or whatever to call to action will be watch video now. And I important at bottom. So then each of those but each of those links and the button will be driven will be going to the vsl page. So then we know any of these people that visit the BSL page, they're doubly qualified they clicked on the ad then they rather advertorial click them the links in our advertorial and now they've went over to the ESL page that may be something to also test out.

But again, I would be doing some heavy testing on this page here and that's That's that's the reality. Now one thing you could test is have the headline focused around obviously the benefit the end result which you also do but also have some wording in their that's geared around them getting them to watch the video. So watch this video and discover XYZ, whatever the rest your headline is something good if we go back to your page here. and very top over here. share screen So imagine this is your BSL page.

Just excuse it for a second. Let's say watch this video and discover. How many of these four sleep lockers are holding you back from sleeping naturally every night or whatever the case is what the code that the headline is geared around getting them to watch the video. And then we have a very very striking thumbnail. I know you hadn't had some when you previously showed me your your vsl image that the terminal was quite was it looked okay, but I mean my opinion doesn't count that.

We want the market to tell it if it's at a 16% view rate. I would definitely be testing that thumbnail and very very aggressively to see if we can get it to 20 to 24 to 30. But at the reality is anytime we're driving directly from cool traffic to a vsl page or view rate will always be a lot lower and if we're drawn driving warm traffic or driving lead generated traffic. So in terms of next steps for you, I would be testing going back to like to be yourself and heavily testing that get the view rate higher, but also if you could send me the the actual DSL link and also let me know what you were actually optimizing for to ensure that in both campaigns that you're optimizing for both at the same things. Were you optimizing for purchases both times?

And if not what you what were you optimizing for where you optimizing for link clicks or landing page views? And I think once I get that information and I'll respond to you as soon as possible and which your next steps but it sounds like and it looks like that the the main bottle neck is gonna be really aggressively testing the If you rate of the on the thumbnail and not necessarily going from DSL to landform sales page because that just looks like it didn't pan out the way the way it could have. Okay any questions on that? Let me know and yeah excited to see we can get to school because I believe the results are strong. I mean they're you're media buying results were strong.

Somebody initial results were strong when people hit the BSL page. Okay, they may not have been exactly where you need but a CPA of 112 is not that far away from a CPA of 75 dollars and I think we can get you dear if and if you're focusing on on testing and being meticulous about getting there in terms of the steps that needs to be taken. So testing the headline testing the thumbnail testing the teaser. Well, it's testing and exit pop testing have and be that link to the transcription there that brings him to the long form sales page but not doing all that at once doing the incrementally to see what moves the needle and yes, it can be painstaking and yes, it can be a pain in the backside and to do this but it is the process that needs to be go to like it is a Step by step process and it can be slow and it can be cumbersome. But the reality is to get a campaign where we needed to get it to we have to go through these steps and we have to to do it in that way because otherwise if we just go out there and add in all those five elements at once.

We don't know what necessarily was the button next in the future. And then we're kind of Flying Blind and we want to know exactly what's working. And what's not and what's not working and so on support. So hope that was helpful. Let me know you can you can hit me an email back once you've watched this and we go from there.

Thanks, David.
