---
title: "Media Buying 2022-12-01 16:59:34"
date: 2022-12-01
duration: 33m
duration_seconds: 2032
vimeo_id: 777069331
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Media Buying 2022-12-01 16:59:34

**Date:** 2022-12-01 | **Duration:** 33m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey Christian. Can you hear me? Can you can you hear me now? Yeah. How are you?

Good? How are you? I'm good. Hey Hamza. How's your Thanksgiving weekend?

It was good. How was yours? I was good was good. Are you Hamza? Oh, I'm good.

I am just joined for a quick question. So Chris if you don't mind if I if I can just quickly ask that. Yeah, go ahead. So we're starting a new campaign. Basically.

It's a it's a different landing page. That we're going to be running the traffic onto so my only question is should we plan ahead for retargeting ads and set that up from the get-go or should we just keep it as is where the they only see the the one ad. We'll set up the audience as anywhere. So and when you do want to activate retargeting, it'll just be a case of just turning on ads turning on a campaigns. Okay?

So yeah. Okay, so the page isn't ready yet. So do you think it makes sense to do this now or later? I know because we won't be able to do it until we have the actual page. So right and yeah, so once you have to page just you can go into Facebook or Facebook and Google like we might as well do both just in case I just set up an audience of people who visit that page.

Okay, perfect. And then the other thing I wanted to ask is that are we like are we attempting an ad with just you know me talking like in my reels like I have now four or five reals that have close to 10,000 plays or more like if that style has worked I'd say yes. Yeah. Yeah because it's all organic like there's no boosting. No nothing.

It's like people sharing on its own and it's all organic. So I have like five or six now that have that I've been shared multiple times so, okay. All right. Yes, so then the five or six ones. and like have a look back.

over himself like that the topic the content that was that that you were kind of the angles you were leveraging and stuff like that and then we'll use similar wounds for the ads well because if they've worked well for reals and it Generally, they'll work well for ads as well. Okay, perfect. Sounds good. Right. So that's that's all I wanted to know Chris all you sorry guys.

I'm we've had such craziness happen at work. Like I have to drive to Toronto last night for an emergency work meeting. They laid off like a bunch of people and now like my life is even worse. Wow, like after manage, so I do have to run but I'll see you next Thursday then by next Thursday. We'll be ready to just set things up.

Perfect. Okay guys. Thank you, Chris. Take care, right? All right.

So, I mean my main question for today is one is like I recorded like like an ad already but I get okay we recorded because I didn't look at the camera well and you know just I feel like it just needs to be recorded. Okay, but then This is what I'm thinking on of doing because we're doing a free a free offer. Basically a soft tougher is gonna be like free for three days and then you you pay like 27 dollars or whatever and then you have also a 365 day guarantee. Wow. Okay, so we're gonna try that and save that works so like it It's more in line with what a lot of the big players are doing out there and like the the instant free so I don't know we've had long discussions about it me and you but we me and Michael and Paul about discussions about it as well.

And yeah, I mean it makes sense and with that kind of a Risk reversal for 365 day guarantee that's pretty strong as well. So So, yeah, hopefully that they'll work but because the office so appealing I guess I'm thinking about just the ads being basically the marketing and the sales page being basically just the offer. Yeah. Okay. And so so then like I was talking to polynese suggested to just do long form sales letter style for for the sales page instead of having another video in there.

You can you can still do long form and have a video on there but not like you don't have we we won't go any on you know, examining the video metrics because they'll be skewed anyways, because some people won't watch but like some people will like to watch a video Wilder or have the video playing while they're scrolling. So they're getting audio and scrolling as well. And so I go with long form and if you're okay with doing a video and a video could essentially be whatever ad you think is the best ad it's like that could be the video maybe a little bit longer and and maybe we add a piece on the end. It says look full details of everything is just below something like that. So you when you're recording re-recording the video.

At the end record an extra bit that says full detail the everything you're gonna get. It's just below here. So then we can, you know chop them out and change have one for the ad and have one for the actual page. Okay, that that makes sense. And so so that's cool because like this is what Paul was saying like it was saying like hey as John to make sure that's okay to do that.

You know, if not, it's because I'm going with a very direct offer. So when you have a direct offer lead and you can you can do a lot of the kind of heavy lifting in your ads if you want to because when people land on the page, they immedially know that this is an offer they're getting and it's it's usually an insanely good offer. So we'll let the offer do the heavy lifting. Okay. And so would you mind like looking at the ad that I made really of course with me and just you know, tell me if like there's anything I need to change.

I'm sure I'm sure it's a really good at because you as I've never been really been your problem like you're you're You seem to have really good lack of getting people from a platform to your pages. So like that's never really been an issue. But yeah, of course, let's take a look at it. Okay. Thanks.

The only thing is like because I didn't really do a any sort of. What do we call it that credibility statement or anything? I just kind of went straight through. It's like it's like three minutes or so. Yeah, I sent it on the chat.

Yeah, I'm just opening the hair now. you mind sharing your screen so I can see where you're at to yeah, I think I'm gonna have to actually not know obviously, but I think I may have to reset my Mac to factory settings because I think something's gone with it that it's just gonna completely slow so might actually be quicker if you shared it on your screen. Okay, and because I'm getting non-responsive application notifications here like crazy. What happened? Like you just I don't know.

I'm I came back from I was away for a few days I came back. Self was plugged out I shouldn't have been plugged out. Ask anything only reason I could think of other than that. It was like it's a super fast Mac. It's a it's an iMac Pro.

It's got like 16 gigabytes of RAM. It's got like six gigahertz or something. It shouldn't be slow. But everything is just gone. Super slow.

I don't know why. That's weird. Well, hopefully you can figure it out so I can see your screen. Anyways, that's the stairs. So hopefully I can hear it.

No, that's good. So there's no editing done because I was gonna editing putting extra things on there, you know. Yeah, but it's just raw basically, so, I'm sorry. Oh, I like that pattern interrupt. Thank you.

You just want to be done guys play your favorite songs impress a girl or sing along with friends and you don't care about 80s guitar solos growing out your head becoming ahead Bangor next Jimmy endorse. Then you don't need those strings and you know, you don't need open course scales music theory or boring guitar books. And you don't even need to quit your day job or give up everything that you love just so you can practice for eight hours a day. All you need is one finger three strings on a pick. The problem would be old way of learning chart is it's not made for a 21st century nowadays.

We don't have yet tension spent sit down for hours of day to learn chords. Just so in a month or two. We can actually play something look we want instant gratification. We want to just press the button and be able to play guitar and I mean who would guitar is awesome our parents and grandparents probably would say that's a problem for Generation. You can get the result faster and with little to no effort.

I mean why not what I told you can just cheat your way to success praise it on guitar you just one hour, even if you've never picked up a Guitar don't have any natural times. Don't care enough about each art. You think I'm full of it, but hear me out first. I've been talking to you and playing you trying to background for about a minute and a half. And all I use was one finger three.

Ings they'd be guitar on the background like me playing guitar like with like different shots and stuff. Okay. But not while you're not while you're not at the same time, go, right? Yeah, well at the same time like let's say I'm just playing with one finger and then I'll just back and forth from between like shots of me actually playing guitar with one finger so they can see how it works to how it's done. I guess.

Okay. Okay cool background, okay. You think that's not necessary? No. No, I like it.

I mean because it's it makes them think like when you said it I was like, hold on. Were you what and it makes me think and it makes me you more engaged. So I really like it. So today the secret you're playing guitar lazy way something. I like to call.

You Yarns unicorn your unicorn is simply one finger-shaped and move anywhere up down the neck. You have no problem with ads at all. No this I know it's not it's not like I would rerecord it again. But like the the words you're using that the tonality the little bit of humor in there the pattern interruptor to be at the big the beginning of actually clipping the chords. Yeah that I love this.

Thank you. You can play any song in the world. You don't have to worry about meeting strings or memorizing hundreds of chords because there's one seem to rule them up. This is what one thing I would say is. Slow down a little bit Yeah, my girlfriend said that too.

Yes, we need to slow down. Yeah, because I know because you're obviously passionate you're excited and everything else and it's still still comes across great. I'm listening obviously in headphones, but if someone's not necessarily listening headphones and and you're speaking as fast as you wear it may not be able to keep up with you. So just next time you're recording it or maybe recorded a couple of times generally what I do. first time I recorded it's always like super fast because I'm just like oh and then I'd like, okay, that one is just a just get it out of the way and then do it again and Do that a nice?

slow tempo because the reality is you can always speed it up when you're editing it if you need to. So yeah, but like it's it's very difficult to slow down. When you're editing, so just like slow down a bit, but like I love it so far. Thank you. And so now my main question is that the call to action doesn't come in until the very end of the ad and I know like people that say YouTube ads they say, oh first five seconds, you know hook and then like 30 seconds and then culture action 30 seconds call to action.

Well, no, see we can we can sell so I'll keep it as this. But we can have will have your call to action there with the actual ad itself. So like the ad will have a call to action and then we can overlay I don't know if if you're able to do it but we should be able to figure out how to get it done for you is to over to have some overlays on the video as well. So what you use for when you're editing your videos normally no. Yeah, I know how to do all that like, yes.

What do we just add them on addict like, so if you wanted to add a call to action after the let's say the one minute Mark just having a visual call to action not necessarily you saying something. Gotcha, and and so but like should I do that or like? I'm because I'm wondering like if the call to action is at the end then like it will be more qualified clicks and maybe don't let us let's have a look at how the call to actions position. Let's play the rest and and see because I like I I agree with you. I would like more qualified clicks, but at the same time like you had me within the Within around the the first minute like to hook up me.

So I was watching anyways, because like that that clip into thing that that's just brilliant. I'm not even leaving a little bit longer. So like the brain can actually process it because it it does kind of disappear very quickly. So maybe like when you're snipping them that's part of the clips. You could probably slow down a bit.

It's like the to maybe I'd say it's only about two seconds I'd say but if you maybe slowed down to about five seconds and I just really made it more like focused. That is a what what's he doing to the guitar? Oh my God. And then like that's a really good pattern interrupt. And then like then you go into the whole thing.

But like that hook will will grab people. The openings really good as well. You're speaking the right language as far as I can tell remember we discuss it in the past about the the 80s rock stars and the long hair and do people really want that and everything else. So so I think you're speaking the right language. So I wouldn't be so worried about not having call to actions in there.

But if you did want to have a variation of the video, we could test two videos one without the overlays one with them. So Okay, and as long as we use utms for each videos, we should be able to track. Which ones are doing well. That makes sense. Okay, and I almost gonna put like actually pictures of Headbangers or like videos in there, too.

Yeah, you can more cool. It's one shape. I discovered this one in beginner students showed up to my group class with very long nails, you know, this nails that you get into someone you can't get rid of them instead of kicking around I decided to teach her how to play unicorns and by the end of the lesson she was literally playing with all the other guitar players who have spent weeks trying to get their open course sound right? That's when I realized you know, what? to wrong this entire time This is why I created unicorn method.

This is my six-step guitar learning blueprint. It's not to get you to play any song in just one hour. We'll just one thing. The best part is you actually learning guitar by playing songs instead of spending your time. Trying to memorize chords and making them sound right you can do this, even if you've never played guitar before so if you want to trade out for free link the buttons somewhere on this video or below it and check it out.

I bet you can learn to charge you I believe. Do it. So just check it out. Try it out. It's free and I'll see you on our next page.

Yeah, you could even like like we were saying. It does a polished version of this video. Could be perfect that on the sales page as well with like a long form. So just like put the same video ad like on the on the sales page. Yeah about make sure I wouldn't have it like locked to have to play it around like that.

I'd have the full play. I'd have to play around there and everything else because chances are they've watched the what I've watched at least a certain percentage of it before they got there. So I wouldn't be forcing them into watching it around. So just have it just have it on there. They can play as much of it or as little if they want to they don't have to play it or at my dad and just have everything else unlocked.

Okay, and so then if I have the video on the long form do I include the script of this? Well, what were you planning to do for the long form? So well I had like this I started doing. A slightly different script for the long form where it'd be like, you know, if you're an aspiring guitar player and strong open court. I was hoping you would say that I was hoping to say that something slightly different will be better.

Because again remember to focus here. Is on the offer because it's more of an offer lead. It's off for driven. So like you like lead with that completely and if you actually take take a leaf out of the other guys play books in terms of how they drive their free offers. If you look at their sales pages, and I'm sure you know them inside out now at this stage, but if you look at your sales Pages, especially guys that are doing, you know, get start for free or get free instant access and everything else.

They're copy is very much focused around join for free get for free. So like use the exact same angles as yours don't obviously copy them but use the same kind of methodology for your long form page, but like that video apology version of that video will be perfect for the page as well. Okay, great. Thank you. And and then just so this is what I have like for for that part, right?

So but nice or should I just focus like you said more on what they're doing like guitar tricks, let's say there's a tea at the beginning there, you know. Right because they go like this this is where you know the fun way to learn guitar most fun way to install it for free. Tried for free so should I have a button that says just that trade for free because I have to tell them it's because they use click funnels. So they need to at least do one dollar thing whenever credit card. I'm so you can let them know that on the order form.

On the order form. Okay. Yeah believe I wouldn't necessarily try for like you I mean like I don't want to get caught up in the Nuance of what button to use or anything like that now but like a like maybe get started for free and then on I don't know in like in a subtext subtitle at the button free for three days and just one one time payment of 27 or something like that in a subtext now wouldn't really like this this format here is I'm not saying like copy this format. But if you I'm talking about when you land on the page here immediately You know that. The you there's two things you've that immediately stand out.

They're obviously calling it the most most fun way to learn guitar when I whether they are or not. Who knows? I mean, they have some accolades there, but none of those accolades are for being the fun way to play guitar. They're just actually it's for something else. Hmm something.

Something Awards gold acoustic guitar gold, but that it's not acoustic guitar gold for being the most fun way to learn guitar. And it's just some award so I wouldn't worry too much about that. But when you land on the page immediately say, okay phone way to learn guitar check. That's a good thing get started for free. Well, okay, that's even better.

So the same type of thing. I want people to see when the land on your page. It's like the Whatever your hook is but then it's like get started for free. Okay, and so that and I need to have this for free because I was like aspiring this was my headline ish for now just done it's preparing guitar players start trying to learn chord instead play any song within just one hour. We've only one finger and should I just say get started for free right there and Yeah, I like already nearly play any song and just one hour would only want a finger.

Okay get started for free and then you can talk about the inspiring guitar players and everything else underneath. Well, no, I wouldn't say. Oh, no. No, I wouldn't because the it's play any song it if you just have it like that. It doesn't mentioned nothing about Katara and obviously you want to mention guitar.

so you can keep it keep the top headline and keep the keep that the next headline and then just have to get started for free in the on the third third line, but just have a little bit bigger. I could just have on guitar too right here. And then just format it and then just get rid of that because I do talk about this in here, right because it's like if you're nice buying guitar player and you're struggling with open chords how to switch between them and you frustrated like that. Yeah. Yeah.

Okay, so then you can probably take out that's that the eyebrow. Because it does look better if I just do it, right? Play any song guitar and just one hour and then get started for free. Yeah, but I'd make that content a little bit bigger probably in them. You know a slightly different in a different color as well.

Yeah, maybe Have It All Tech all caps. Pull up the EM guitar tricks again. We use yellow right there. Yeah, like did three it doesn't and it's nearly a little bit invisible so I wouldn't go copy them, but that's because they have an image in the background, but I would I do like to get started for free today Dash what they you know, I'm not a fan of exclamation points, but they There It Is Well used and you probably make that fun bigger. Yeah.

so yeah. And like the orange is good as well. I like the color orange is good. It's just that. It worked a lot better on your page with the black background and it does endures with it with the image.

so Orange what I kind of like yellowy orange gold I suppose. Oh, no, you can probably try like good click that and then drag it up towards the orange a little bit. say, oh the in the color check it color and chooser Yes, so click on the yellow and then over on the side just drag it down a little bit. Yeah, click click the yellow one first. now drag it up to the and yeah now drag it up a little bit.

There you go. And make a bold as well. Oh, yeah. Recently, you have it in the recently used area and it's just make the actual text Bolt. So you can put an exclamation mark at the end of today and just take the one off with the one finger.

Maybe have like three dots and they make that font a little bit bigger at the top is all. And obviously yeah, maybe yeah get the get the one on the next line if you can. Yeah. I know it's a little bit of nitpicking but you know, they yeah. No, I feel exactly the same about it.

Yeah, but you get it you don't need to know how many but something like that we have. DNA to play around with the you know, the sexual movement and everything else just to get it but something like that we know imagine you land on the page now play any song. I'm gonna get there just one hour one finger gets started for free today when someone lands there they know exactly what they're getting. Yeah painting song Trying just one hour. the front finger Alright go.

All right. Oh, yeah. get started for free today and then yeah, then I'll probably just been around with the colors because yeah, you can play around with them. But yeah, so so then like that and then I'll probably just have like my long form. Script right there and then I still want to have like a stack and everything, right and oh, yeah, because you want like you want to build up the world, you know.

For getting started for free but you know, they're still gonna be a sale mate. So we still have to build up the value and make sure that they like the the realize that yeah, they're getting started for free because you're taking the risk and everything else, but the reality is that they're getting an insane deal regardless. Yeah, and should I have the money back guarantee like right there like in at the top as well? Get some well no cuz they it's for free. So yeah, you can have they can have it further down.

Like to look at this page looks great. So you probably won't need to make a whole lot of changes to this page. I'm obviously that the the angle and everything else is is different. But in terms of like the layout the however, like positioned and everything else it looks good. So like you could probably use this page as a as I'm as a Baseline and just work with that and then like You're when you're introduced to guarantee further down.

That's when you can mention the whole 365 thing but then have the guarantee also on the order form as well for those that don't actually scroll down that like realize what they're getting and kick over immediately and they're happy to so make sure that the click the that guarantees on the the order form. Okay, and then I just mentioned that there's a just mentioned like that. It's just a one dollar fee. Yeah, you can mention that on the at the very bottom. Also make it clear on the order form as well like mention it throughout these at some at some point in the in the messaging.

So let's say like look and you can get started for free to when you talk about get started for frequency. You can get started for free today. And and then in three days time you build just 27 dollars and then like either have a like an Asterix that has a thing at the bottom and then also mention it clearly on the order form as well. So they know that they're gonna be charged one dollar and it's it's a nominal charge that that your system has to charge for the payment to go true. But then when you do charge them the next game and you'll only charge in Okay.

And then I'll charge. And what the way you could probably phrase it is some credit card some credit card processing companies don't allow. free and zero Zero dollar charges so they will process at one dollar process. There'll be a $1 processing fee. So if you see a one dollar charge on your card.

Don't worry. You'll only be charged $26. So then because you know, sometimes if I book a hotel, I'm booking.com and it says like free cancellation pay at the hotel. Sometimes my credit card gets a zero charge and sometimes it gets it one dollar or two dollar charge so we can phrase it that way instead of saying everybody's going to get shared say some people may get charged. Okay.

You told me to send you a little bit of a Spiel on that just to make it easier for you. I mean sure it's some credit card processing companies, you know don't allow like completely free but not don't allow zero like it's it doesn't it? Like if you were to say it out loud, it doesn't make sense. But when you when you when you write it'll make sense don't allow zero dollar. So like put dollar and zero.

$0 and charges to go through so they will process a they'll normally process a $1 processing charge. Our $1 processing fee. So if one some credit card come processing companies don't allow zero dollar charges. So if you see a $1 charge you don't worry, you'll only get charged $26 in three days. Yeah.

Is that good? No. No, so some some processes and companies don't allow zero dollar charges in some instances the instead what they'll do is they will process a one dollar processing fee or they will charge you one dollar processing fee. if if in your instance that happens, don't worry, you'll only be charged to remaining balance of $26. Okay.

Covers your bases and it it doesn't open you up that everybody's going to get charged on the reality is we click phones work. Everybody will get charged. and it's just the way click phones is I think there's a workaround but I'm not sure I'm not sure what it is and but the and but phrasing it like that should be okay. Okay. So just to make sure some credit card companies don't allow zero dollar charges.

Sometimes they'll charge one dollar processing fee for some credit cards. So if you see one dollar charge, don't worry, you'll only get charged the remaining 26 dollars. Yeah, perfect. Okay. All right, awesome.

Oh and so I yeah, I think that's that's pretty much it. I'm shooting to launch like by next Thursday. Okay. Well when you and when you get ready with the would you we record the video and remember slow down you're doing it but when you have the recorded and even if it's not fully edited send it over to me and I'll take a look at it. Okay, thank you.

Okay, I appreciate that and Man, like um, we okay so and then for like the the targeting because now there's no no more keywords like that. That's for sure. Right? Yeah. It's well, it's some accounts they've already implemented it some of them still have access to keywords.

But look there's there's tons of audiences out there we can Target so I wouldn't be worried about it and we have like just just that there's lots of other options there as well. So look, it's It is what it is what I wouldn't be worried about it at all to be honest. Okay, so then then I would still do retargeting because now this is more like I I kept on posting like I put three shorts per day and I'm like some of them got like 5,000 views here and there so like I got like a bunch of views on there. So I would retarget those people because it's yeah. Beginning.

Yeah, um if you got those audiences set up, yeah, absolutely. And then I would set up an audience for let's say if I want to retarget people that just watch my ad then I would need to set up an audience because last time I was trying to do that, but then I was like, oh I didn't set up an audience when I launched the ad. Well, no. Yeah, like when you launch the ad set up the audience and also one of like If you if you're going to be you you're gonna be using brand new pages as well, so set up and audience of people who were hitting the pages as well. Now all gone.

Well, we'll we'll get enough people into the audiences. Obviously we need at least a thousand in the audience is to be able to Target them. So definitely will use the ad ones and but yeah, there's no reason why we can't use the ad ones your War mode your warm audiences from your channel as well as somebody and the colder audiences on YouTube itself. Okay, awesome. All right, I think that's it.

So just record this video slow down make the beginning five seconds. Yeah treat a little bit. Like I was only guessing it's about two seconds, but just make it a little bit longer. So like because if you if you weren't exactly paying attention, you could have missed that bit but like obviously I was paying attention. So when I seen I was like, oh, yeah, that's huge.

So just just maybe five seconds might be too long. So maybe just letting it by a second or two seconds, you know play around with it and you'll you kind of you'll see yourself. Okay, sounds good. And all right, cool. Well, thank you.

Have a good day. Yeah, right.
