---
title: "Media Buying 2021-10-25 19:00:46"
date: 2021-10-25
duration: 1h 2m
duration_seconds: 3735
vimeo_id: 638818008
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Media Buying 2021-10-25 19:00:46

**Date:** 2021-10-25 | **Duration:** 1h 2m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Hey, Steve. Hello. How are you, Steve? I'm all right.

I was taking the computer apart while I waited for you. You were taking it apart? Yeah. What's up with it? This one, the drive is shot in, I mean, it's an older one.

But I have a newer Samsung that's similar to it. And I was going to take the battery out of this one and put it in the other one because
it's gone bad. Okay. Very good. So basically just steal some parts.

There's some refurban. Yeah, exactly. Good stuff. Yeah. So, yeah, first of all, apologies.

I never got to respond to your email. But I'm more than happy to dive in. Now, you were on the right track unless things have changed over the last few days. Let's take a look. Okay.

We've had a few more sales since. I sent you that in the email. And basically I started, I went back and we made our change of the audience on the 15th. Yep. Which is 10 days ago.

Right. And if you look at our, that's when our sales started. And we had, I think it's the seven, seven sales in those 10 days. That's, that's starting to get back closer to where we were before. Exactly.

So one, two, I guess it's five. We've had seven for the month, but it's five since five in the last 10 days. So that, you know, but yes, it's, it's definitely closer. We still want to get, you know, we want to get closer to, you know, the sale a day, a couple of sales a day and everything else. But it's, it's starting to head back up right on track.

Yeah, exactly. And then the other thing that's really kind of, and in the data that I showed you, I was showing when they viewed the first video. And that's because for people not buying right away, they're getting the offer responses, right? So one of the sales converted off of the offer response and have a look at this. So this is the video engagement since the 15th.

Okay. Which is basically a hundred, a hundred plays. Um, 18 completes, uh, we know six call to actions and five sales, right? Um, but if you look at, so here's, it's in this window, right? At 2202 or 2209 or whatever is when we introduce the offer, is it introduce the offer?

Right. Um, but so 38% are getting to that point and then 36% are going beyond it. Right. Which to me is very encouraging. Quickly.

What was it like? What was it like before that? So was it, it's been pretty, very similar. Um, and I can, I can show you, but, uh, if you look at, here's today, right? These are phenomenal numbers.

Um, and even though we're not necessarily. No call to actions, but I mean, they're good. Right. But I've, I've, I've seen visits to the page. So they're using the other, the other buttons.

Okay. Yeah. Okay. Um, so this is today, right? And 64% or 55% are coming through.

If you look at yesterday, it's in the same boat. Um, so it looks like the, the new, the new, we're moving that other audience has definitely
tightened things up as our, as our lead costs. Is it still high? Is this a little bit high? Uh, yes.

And I, that was another question I had for you. Um, uh, I didn't join the other computer, so I can't share it, but did you, were you able
to actually log in? Did you see that? I never got the invite. I never got to read on the invite.

Uh, which email I used, I used the email that I sent the thing to, um, is that the right
one to John and marketing funnel automation? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I never got any, but I'll just search it here again, but I looked at, cause when you
said you invited me as read only, I searched, I know unread emails with an invite and I did
a search in case it got marked unread, unread by accident. Um, there's nothing here.

The invite may be still pending. If you could just open up your ad, ad words there and, um,
Um, I have to get the meeting information to join over here or so. Hold on a second. Invitation isn't. No, there's no invitation here.

Well, let me get zoom started over here and we'll join. There's no problem. There's a few submissions. It's one that they haven't joined the call yet. We'll be joining a little bit later.

Maybe what I'll do is I'll sign into adwords under that email and see if it's there. And then maybe I didn't get the invite, maybe just skip, cause it's read only. All right. You should see the other. Yeah.

I see. You know, yeah. And when I log into Google ads under that email as well, there's no, um, there's no access for me guys. Um, what's the name of your adwords account? Is it called, um, share lingo?

Uh, I believe it is. Yes. Hold on. I have to get to the right. Um, let me share this and then, yeah, maybe we just need to resend the invite.

So when you share a screen that we can just go through it and see. All right. So this is here. So quickly, before we dive into the campaigns, just go to tools and settings and access and security. Um, and, um, so Jeremy got hit.

So the, yeah, it doesn't, it doesn't look like there's anything there. If you do want to go to, do you have, um, domain, um, domain security on? Uh, so click over to, click over to security there. Just at the top. Uh, yeah.

Oh, yeah. So see, you don't have the, um, marketing funnel automation.com domain. There we go. And I had to add the e-files. Yeah.

So that, that's why. Okay. That makes sense. All right. So what was the other one?

Um, so marketing funnel automation.com. I mean, like to keep it simple, you could just add John at E5 agency.co. I mean, so then you don't need to. Which do you prefer, I guess, is the question. I mean, it's, it, it's all the one, it all goes into one, one anyway, so.

Okay. So, uh,
did you,
did you,
John was spacing on that? So what was it? If I find agency.co. I'll just, I'll accept that.

Now we're here. So I got kind of excited in that when I fixed that page, we got the, the sale on the 21st. And the two pixels fired off of the sales page. So I got notice that I got the sale and the, the conversion for the sale. And then the page view of the conversion that I added for the, on the sole page.

So they both showed up and it counted as two conversions. And I went, Oh, well, I don't want that going forward. So I went into conversions and on the sole page view, I changed it to not count towards conversions. Good. Yeah.

Uh, well, I've put it back since, because when I did that, Google erased both, both Saturday conversions on the 21st. Okay. So maybe the both conversions, they were actually. I think so. Uh, I think on the day, because if you look at Google on the page, it said there were two things firing.

Um, so the, the sale that came on Saturday, the 23rd, I only had one of them counting and it counted the single, but the one from Thursday night or Friday or whatever it was on the 21st, both of those disappeared. And it's, it is really strange. Um, and I know they both disappeared because what I thought was strange was, uh, the sale actually was this one, um, on the, uh, the watch this campaign. Yeah. Um, which had significantly fewer, um,
fewer views, right?

Uh, actually, let me just do the 15th. So this is when we started. Um, but, and I, I don't know the numbers, what they were on the, on the 21st, but I remember looking at this because I was like, oh, wow. The, the conversion actually, the sale actually came from the watch this video. Um, which had significantly less conversions and views overall.

And then the last sale on the 23rd shows up as a standalone itself here. It was the, on the 21st that I made the change to not count the page view. Um, and I didn't think about it other than when I went back, those two conversions attributes are gone, but I know that was under 24 because I actually talked to Jay about, it was the watch this video, which was the one that, that we were questioning. That is a weird one. Um, yeah, I, I, and I don't know.

Um, it was one of those. It might be, it might be worth doing. I don't know if you, I don't, I don't know if you attend the, the tech calls with Teddy, but it may be worth just getting with Teddy from the tech call side of things. Um, and see if there's, cause we had a similar, not exactly the same issue with one of our clients that they, um, they, they essentially had the, their pixels installed twice once with Google tag manager and once hard coded into the actual website. Um, and what was happening is on some pages it was firing twice and then on other pages, it was actually, they were negating each other for some reason.

So he just, um, he is a, he is a specific way of making sure that everything is installed very cleanly and it may be worth just getting with him just to double check if there's anything we can do to clean that up. So, uh, I, I've, I've been on a call or two with them, uh, early on, but, uh, I'm, I'm happy to hop on. It may be just like, no, he may not be able to help. Um, but it could be worth just, just in case he's, he might see something very specific and he's like, oh yeah, it's, it's probably because of X, Y, and Z. Okay.

And yeah, so it could be worth doing that. So, so let's have a look at, let's examine this for a second. And so we have, so there's currently two campaigns, two, two videos. Correct. And if you want to look from, yeah, we'll look from there at the 15th.

And you said there's been, we've had one sale. Um, we've had five sales in this timeframe. Okay. And five sales at a total, total, now total cash collected is how much excluding any kind of pay plans or anything like that. So just a cash collectors.

Uh, so if there's like two pay plans, just, just include the initial payment that was collected. So $3.47 for, four of them. Okay. So four, three or four full pay. Four full payments and one 39 payment plan.

Okay. So then that's four, three, four, seven. That's $1,400. $1,450 call it. Okay.

Um, so on our, and our ad spend is roughly $7.50. So we're roughly at a, a two to one with our ad spend for the last, um, nine days or so, which is, you know, is very good. I mean, obviously we, we want to improve upon that obviously, but the, like the, in terms of the, like your view rate and your click-through rate are really, really good. Like really strong. Now the cost per conversion has been gone up.

Obviously one of those campaigns to watch this video has gone up dramatically. Now, in terms of what we could do to, to bring that down, to be honest, from a click-through rate and from a view rate, there's not a whole lot else we could do to, to improve upon those things. There is a couple of extra things we could try after the fact, but have we any data on the actual opt-in rate? So what the opt-in rate is on the landing page? Uh, we can go back to Cartra and...

Yeah, if you want to jump back to Cartra and we'll take a look. What I can't do from that is distinguish which video or lead they're coming from. Oh, that's okay. We just want to look at the, the overall, the kind of universal opt-in rate, what we're looking at. Uh, because if we can improve that by a few percentage points, obviously that's going to help drive down our lead costs as well.

All right, so, let's get to where, let's see the pages. Um, okay, so, this is the, actually, yeah, it goes to analytics and conversions, probably. Okay, so, this is the main, do we want to do the same since the 15th? Um, yeah, we'll do from, say, the 1st of October to the 14th, and then we'll look 15th to the 24th. Um, and if we could do, so, so, that's scroll analysis, have we got, so, if you click over to conversions, top of analytics.

I've forgotten how robust the, um, the analytics for Cartra is. I do actually give you a lot of really robust, um, info. Yeah, so, yeah, so, we'll do the 1st to the 14th. Okay, so, we're looking at about 11% opt-in, which we should be able to improve dramatically. Yep.

So, so, I mean, ideally, we'd like that to be about, well, yeah, it'll be, I'll be curious if we look at after. So, why did the date change? Eight minute, does that? Um, so, 244, is that what the other one said? Um, I can't remember.

Why is the date change? It's in 81, which is, doesn't seem right. Right. So, that's why, and I don't, so, 244, I believe, because those are actual visitors to that page. Yeah.

And the only way that you can get there is, if you know, I mean, you're not going to the thank you page directly, right? Of course, yeah. Right, so, like, we're a little bit tricky with what our opt-in rate is. Obviously, the 11% would be something, oh, hold on. No, no, no, that's, that's, that's, that's wrong there.

Have you got your, can you hover over with your mouse? And see, just choose one of the, say, choose the 2nd of October. And see the, um, the dot at the top of the 2nd of October. So, visitor 76. And, does it say, have you got a goal set up as them visiting the thank you page?

Is that set up as a goal inside a character? Uh, not just, I don't know, actually, I don't know. Um, I'd have to go into the page. Sorry about the dog. No, that's okay.

I like the hard dog bracket. Someone's had to do it. Uh, delivery driver next door. Right, the UPS or, or Amazon or something. Um, click over to the, um, click over to pages for a second.

And go down to choose the E5 page. Doesn't it, didn't character usually, it actually used to tell you what your opt-in rate was? Is there another analytic section that we're missing? Um, not that I'm missing. I'm aware of.

I'm, I'm new to, to Cartra over the last couple of months, so. I was pretty sure it did. Oh. I do know. I mean, one thing we could do is inside of Cartra, we could check for that period, like, how many, I mean, one thing, like, if we look at source, so if we check inside of your AdWords, how many clicks we got over that time period, and then check inside of Cartra, how many actual leads we got.

Well, then we'll have a clear indication of what the opt-in rate is. Right. And I, so I do know, and that's why I was actually going to the pages, and, uh, I don't know that there's, uh, they may only be counting when you watch, if you click, you know, watch this video. Yeah. Whereas, uh, I've got multiple links in here.

If you click, click this one, it'll, it'll pop you up to, to, you know, go to the opt-in page or whatever. All right, okay. Because, um, for, and Claudia, she hasn't, um, she hasn't shown up now. She made a submission, and she sent me her pages that she had tested before, because last time she was here, we were asking about her pages, and I wanted to actually see the example of the pages that she tested versus a page. So we have a page that, well, Todd has a page right now that we've been aggressively testing, and we've had opt-in rates as high as 45, 50% with this specific page layout.

And it seems to be working extremely well, so I want to, I'll share the layout with, with yourself. I'll share my screen in a second, and I'll just quickly walk through how we could modify this page. Well, take the copy that's on this page and apply it to the layout of the page we have, and see if we do a split test. I'd love it, because I've always wondered about this to begin with, right? Um, so yeah, I'm, I'm good with that.

It, it looks, you know, coming into conversions and, and tracking codes, uh, from a car trip perspective, we're not really tracking. We have Facebook and Google tracking codes, um, but this view contents, we're tracking the view content, uh, but that's really it. So the fact that there's only 81, uh, conversions from a car trip perspective, I'm not, you know, I think the 244 of the page view is more accurate. Yeah, I think that's, that's, that's more accurate, yeah, which, and it's obviously, it's more, um, will give you a lot more confidence in that, like, that obviously it's a much higher opt-in rate as well. But, um, if you just stop sharing for a second, I'll just share this one with you.

So let me grab here. So this is a very specific, um, very simple. So like, say for example, um, so that the eyebrow here is just kind of calling out people. So for you, I mean, for your landing page, you, you have the copy already there. It's like for people who are struggling to learn or speak Spanish, speak Spanish.

So that's like very, very simple. So, and then from share lingo available for the first time and the, the share lingo method or, or whatever you, the, your, that, that headline that you have, and then, um, your subhead can just go here. Um, the picture of, of James can go here and then a couple, you'll get immediate free access to just a couple of bullets, exactly what they're going to get a video explaining how to do this. You could nearly throw in the fact that they're going to get the, um, the PDF download cheat sheet as well. So you could throw that in there as well.

And, um, if there's anything else that they get access to and follow up, I mean, you can mention that as well, cause it's value add. And then we just have a big, big button for them to click. Now we're asking for phone number. You don't need to ask for phone number because it's not part of your, um, particular follow for, for your particular offer. And then we just have the bullets like you do, but we just have them spaced out with white text in the back or white black text with the white background.

Make it a little bit easier to read. And then a button again at the bottom. And very, very straightforward on mobile looks really clean and mobile as well. And we just added an extra button that just shows on mobile at the bottom. And what I can do is I can send you a link to this if you want.

Yeah, that'd be great. I wanted to model it and like this, this has been now part of the, just to, you know, to be a hundred percent transparent part of the reason that this opt-in rate has been as high as it is, is because that the, what we're giving away is something that no one else is talking about in our space. It's like the opening of your funnel. So like that's part of the reason why it is that high now, but that does not to say that we can't get your opt-in rate, at least on pair of what it is, maybe even improve it, which obviously would bring down the, your cost per conversion and everything else. Yeah, so what is 244 out of, what was it, 750-ish?

So it's, yeah, so it's about, I mean, yeah, I mean, which is, which is pretty good. I mean, if that's the accurate one, that is pretty good. I mean, I don't know if we'll be able to improve that dramatically, but if you want to jump back to your AdWords for a second. And just in terms of what else we can do to see if we can extract more from what we're doing. And now that we can't, well, now that we hopefully, you know, that we're, we're hitting on an audience that maybe we've removed an audience that was getting us leads, but they weren't converting.

And we're now focusing on an audience that is starting to convert a lot more consistently. Those previous videos that you had, we could start doing a small test to see if we can get those newer, those other videos that we've used in the past that didn't work so well to see if we can get them to work with this audience that we now know is working quite good. So that's an interesting thought. Go, we could go back to the group here. Right.

And
Yep. Because I wondered about that too, right? Um, where, um, we could get for like, if we can get super specific in terms of not just the, that new audience, but if there's any extra information we can pull out from our demographics in terms of the, um, the, you know, the age profile, the male, the female split and see if there's any winning combination that we can apply to the, to the, those, was it three other videos or was it four other videos? Uh, there's at least four. Yeah.

Now that's not to say that they're going to magically start converting, but at least we get, we can freshen up the videos that we're using. And we, we know that we're, we're driving them to an audience that is starting to do quite well. The funny thing, I mean, they weren't bad. Oh, exactly. It's like they, it's just those two were, were, were kind of the clear winners.

Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what were the dates that I. See if we go back to. Would have been August.

Yeah. July, August, I'd say. I mean, like overall, um, click-through rate is still quite high. I mean, look. Yeah.

So for, and to be. Are the ones that we've been using. Is it? I believe. Yeah.

Um, or foreign to maybe, um, but yeah, I mean, the click-through rates were, were high. Um, and some of these, I mean, again, they weren't necessarily bad. It was just the others were, yeah, the others were like definitely up and like now with
the, with the more targeted audience and, you know, that click-through rate might even
go higher for those other ones. So, but I mean, even like a 1.6, 1.9 click-through rate is, is really good. Obviously, you know, we like to be closer to two, which the other ones are, but, um, it,
it'd be an interesting test to see if we could, um, just freshen up the, the creative side
of things as well, because, you know, we have been running those ads for, for quite some
time.

I'm not sure how many views each one has gotten at this stage, but I'd say it's quite
a lot. Now there's still a lot more that we can pull out of those because obviously you're dealing
in a, in a very large market in a very large space. So there's a lot more opportunity out there, but no harm in seeing if we can, you know, get
any legs out of the, those old creatives because they were doing quite well. Okay. Uh, would you turn off the ones that were running on their own or leave them in this
bundle?

Because they're running on their own, I'd probably turn them off and give the, give the
other ones the best chance of getting the impressions just to see. Okay. Um, yeah. And then I can go through and look at, um, look at the audiences of, let me just go back. We can actually take a look now.

I mean, if you go back to dealer campaign, choose one of the campaigns, we'll just drill
into the demographics, just click campaigns home there. It's weird campaigns home doesn't show unless you click video campaigns. It's, it's, it's, it's strange. Yeah. So just choose the, um, um, we'll choose the top one there for argument's sake.

Um, just click click into the, so click, see that the blue title of the actual audience
or the campaign, just click that. And then we'll bring us to the, the ad group. So then click the ad group. Um, I'm not sure why it's so slow. It's weird.

Maybe just click down to audiences from there. Cause we're in this campaign to see, oh, there it is. So yeah, so just click audiences now. Okay. So we'll take a look at the actual audience first.

So click show table there. And scroll down. Do you want to take control and then you're doing it versus the
Okay. So what we'll do, we'll just filter from the, from the 15th. Just for now.

Oh, that's a quite high possible conversion there. Now, okay. And we'll just hide this table here. And we can do is show a table here. Okay.

Okay. So
It was interesting with our age range, the, the, the, the very variation in, um,
cost per conversion. Um, there are definitely a lot of older people that are pursuing their language studies. We see that on Facebook all the time too. Have we any data on, um, the age ranges of those people that are converting?

Uh, to sales, I mean, so the, the ones, they're probably. Um, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, uh, the, the one, one thing that we have been very pleased
about with the E5 audience is they are younger, right? So a lot of our Facebook driven traffic is older. Um, and that, that can be a challenge, um, dealing with technology, uh, just in general. Um, but the mid thirties to mid fifties has kind of been, um, uh, our last 15 or 20, uh, conversions.

I would say sales, sales, yeah. So mid thirties to mid fifties. Okay. So then like the, in terms of the, um, yeah, I haven't actually met the last five. Uh, so those, uh, so those, I don't know, but going up to the, you know, no, the September
and the first, first ones in October.

Yeah. Yeah. So probably even closer to 30, you know, 25, 30, because they're. Okay. So maybe, maybe, maybe right now, um, optimizing by age may not be the best thing, but like
it's certainly something to keep an eye on in the future.

Um, I just, let's see, that's just the income side rental status. It's funny. That's going to change because we have, uh, two new members are, uh, expected. Uh, it's kind of, one other thing to see, have you ever looked at this where ads showed? Yes.

So. That's new for me. I don't know what that is. Okay. Take one door.

Is it, was it? Already. Just seeing. But, you know, a decent, uh, class per conversion, so. See.

One thing that, um, maybe, well, okay, so the, okay, the placements is, there's only a handful of placements, so. Uh. So these are, these placements, these are the ones that you specifically chosen. Uh. Um, this, this, this campaign is specifically audience plus channels and videos.

So is there, um, can you add to this placement list? I'm sure we could, yeah. Yeah. Because obviously that'll, um, that'll help improve your, the amount of impressions that you're getting as well. So I think, I mean, if we go through, we look at the, uh, the audience.

Is the other campaign, the, the second campaign, is that a, is that audience plus channels as well? Uh. They should both be the same, right? So. Right.

Okay, so then, then there's, then we have a couple of extra opportunities as well. So we can, I don't want to overwhelm you this week in terms of doing all of them, but just to, just if you want to make a note of them or we can maybe discuss some more detail next week. Um, is, I'd say the ideal step this week is going to be, um, I would get with Teddy to see if we can see what the issue is with that conversion issue with the appearing and disappearing and stuff. And then in terms of seeing if we can get more from this, obviously there's, in my mind, there's opportunity to, to possibly increase the budget on the two campaigns that you have. If the, the sales continue the way they're going.

But then looking at reactivating those old videos would be just a, it's not a critical thing to do, but it'd be an interesting test to see if we can, with the, with the audiences that are working right now, can we get some, um, get some opportunity out of those old videos? I don't want to call them old videos because they're not really old, just those, those other videos. Right. And then the future opportunity in terms of really dialing in the scale of these campaigns is if both of these campaigns right now are the audiences plus channels and videos, we have an opportunity to do an audience only campaign and a channels and videos only campaign. So then we would only be targeting the audiences.

So it wouldn't be audience that they're in this audience and they're watching these videos. It'd just be they're in this audience and we would choose our best performing audience, which looks like it's going to be the one that's getting the bulk of the impressions in the last 15 days or so. Right. And it would be just that audience would be doing the retargeting. And then the second campaign will be having no audiences and just targeting those channels and placements.

Okay. Does that make sense? Yes. Um,
but don't worry about that too much for now because you don't be, it's too, too much to, to implement all that in, in a short space of time. But just, just maybe it's something, put it down in notes or something for us to discuss maybe next week or the week after.

Uh, yeah, no, it makes sense. And my, uh, uh, my mind is racing because it's, I want to go back to that audience manager. Um, cause we were doing. Um, um, uh,
It's been, it's been, we've been away, focused away from, uh, the original setup now for so long that even going back to, you know, we built the custom, custom audiences, right? We did five or six different things that, that we do to, to start the whole gamble.

Um, and, uh, I haven't even thought or looked back at that in probably since August, uh, meaning, you know, cause we started getting sales in September and didn't even think for, or go back and look at those. And then that's kind of really what's, what's been running since. So, um, um, that was where my mind was just going, okay, wait a minute. If I think about, uh, looking at, at the audience and the custom audiences, um,
The ones that you originally created, is it? Right.

So if you go to, where are we, um, audience manager, over underneath shared library. So go tools and settings again. And on the second tab and then audience manager here. That's what I was originally looking for. I was like, why don't I see it?

Yeah. So then we have our, these are our data segments. So let's, let's just take a look, we'll go through tab by tab. So just so you're aware of everything else, because, um, what, what YouTube does and what, um, Google does is it. See, we have similar to share lingual viewed YouTube ads.

Then we have similar to YouTube channel viewers. Um, but the one we want to look at is similar to all converters. So scroll down and we should have an old converters audience there. Um, similar to scroll down, people, are they all similar to audiences we have? Let's go back to the top.

Move the, uh, just click, see the source equals YouTube. Just click the X there on that. Uh, where, where was CDM just underneath your data segments and then there's a filter on it. And that shouldn't affect the audiences. Similar to.

Okay. It's the, the audience sizes aren't that great. Okay. So, um, come back out of it there for a sec. So I just click the back arrow or yeah, no, you don't need to click the back arrow because
you just, so custom segments.

So these are the ones that you created. Right. Yeah. Okay. So we've custom affinity search.

We've custom app affinity and we have the custom intent. And then we have the, these URL affinity, the learn English, learn Spanish and English, ESL related. That's for a different one. Is that ISL? That's a different thing.

Speaking of all the, uh, English is a second language. Um, so these were all, uh, part of those, the original searches and trying to figure out
where, you know, where, so we're currently not using this, um, the URL affinity audience. So that's currently, that's the one that we turned off. Isn't it correct? Um, but we are still using the intent purchase Spanish, the app affinity and the, the Spanish
searches.

Right. And I think by shutting this one off was that cause it was just consuming a lot of. Yeah. It was getting a lot of the impressions. It was getting leads, but they, we were, you know, we were a little bit inconsistent with
the sales.

So, right. So just click over to combined segments as well. So we can take a look at what segments Google has created for us or no, we have to, so there's
none automatically created, but we can create our own in our combined segments. And as we start to test audiences in the future, we can create our own combined segments. So say for example, it could be the, um, the similar to the YouTube ad viewers and a different
segment.

Um, but for now, I mean, the, in terms of using those, see if we could reactivate those
previous ads, I would probably just do the previous ads in those three audiences. Okay. And then it's a light for light comparison. Yeah. Okay.

Um, that makes sense. Is there anything else you want to go over? Do what? Is there anything else you want to look over? No, no.

Um, again, mine's just racing, thinking. Yeah. Uh, yeah, it's all good. Um, well, the good news is there's lots of, um, there's, there's a lot of opportunities
still out there. Um, but it's just about, you know, doing it incrementally.

Cause if you try and lump all the opportunity at once, it just becomes a nightmare to manage. And we can't, you can't give you each opportunity to focus it deserves and the attention that
it deserves as well. Right. Um, but I mean, like they were getting more consistent sales along with that continue. And hopefully over the next few days, they will get more sales in have, have you done
anything with the retargeting, by the way, the retargeting ads?

No, we have not. Okay. So that's, um, that's another potential. And I'm like, I'm sure James could knock out some simple videos pretty quickly. Um, we, I actually had him do, uh, we were targeted, uh, from somebody else, um, with an email
of, um, you know, it was basically, are you tired of pouring your heart and soul into consulting
services and still struggling to pay your bills or doing whatever.

Um, and, uh, I responded back to James and said, I think this is a pretty good swipe, right? We can take, take some of this verbiage and, and, uh, you know, change it around for us. Are you sick and tired of pouring your heart and soul? You're turning into, turning into an established market or no? Yeah.

Well, that, I mean, that's our background, right? Um, it's just, it's so much easier to do it for somebody else versus yourself. Um, but, uh, you know, so I, I did this and said, you know, I think this would be a great
general follow-up email for people, right? If you're tired of pouring your heart and soul and not, not remembering, you know, the
Spanish that you're trying to learn, you should check this out. And then I was going to point them to, you know, basically we've got thousands of, of
prospects that we've collected leads from one way or the other.

It's like, you're engaging. Um, and so I built the email and said, you know, should we go? Should we do this? And he said, well, I think this would actually be a good YouTube ad. So he, he recorded it, uh, Saturday or whatever.

I haven't actually, uh, done it, but he's like, you know, put this, put this out there. Yeah. Uh, why not? And I mean, like from, from a YouTube retargeting point of view, like the, the ads can be really
simple, especially the further along they go in your funnel, like the, the, the, the, the
more creative you can be, but the simpler you can get it as well. And even from a Facebook point of view, I mean, simple image ad retargeting works extremely
well on Facebook because it's like for specifically for people who hit the, like the, the most basic
one to do is the, for people who hit the order form and they haven't purchased.

Having a simple retargeting ad on Facebook to bring them back can be done. It doesn't necessarily need to be a video. It could just be a picture of the course. And it could be like, don't forget to, to sign up for, um, the, the Spanish success with
Sherling or, or the course name. And, you know, like it can't be as simple as that to get people to that because, you
know, people go to check out and they may open their wallet and find that their card
isn't there.

And they're like, do you know what I'll do when I go home? And then they go home and the kids are shouting at them and the, the husband or the wife is,
is getting their attention and Netflix is on. And it's like, what was that thing I was supposed to do? And it just goes out of their mind. And then obviously the offer response emails come into play and that will hopefully reject
their memory and everything else, but just, if we can also reject their memory when they
go onto Facebook to scroll through their newsfeed and they say, oh yeah, I wanted to get that
Spanish course.

And then you have the opportunity to convert them. So, uh, I've, I've been keeping Facebook and Google leads kind of separate because internally,
uh, it's a bit of a challenge when we think about the, the E5 campaign. Versus the PLF campaigns and the other things that we've been doing. Um, I can, or, you know, we're getting, uh, Facebook pixels at the same time. Right.

So, um, Oh, we could potentially read, I don't have any Google pixels on the Facebook side,
but I do have Facebook pixels going at the same time. I have Google pixels firing. Right. So I could potentially retarget some of those people. I mean, like, absolutely you could, but if you did want to keep them separate and like,
that's completely your decision.

If you wanted to keep them completely separate, just for the sake of, you know, looking at the
two things separately, what you could do is instead of doing a Facebook retargeting campaign,
you could do a Google display campaign and setting it up as much the same as setting up
the YouTube campaign. You just choose display instead of video. So, and like, you can, you can either upload banner images or you can, um, let Google create
them for you by you uploading copy elements. So you can upload, like, I think it's like 10 different headlines, three or four descriptions,
three or four longer descriptions, and you can upload some images. So maybe like an image of the, uh, the product bundle and image of your logo and things like
that, and then Google will go ahead and create variations of different banner sizes with the
different, um, image and headline combinations.

And that could be a retargeting campaign that's just running in the background for, for people
who hit the order form and don't purchase. Yeah. And they've been harping on me about setting those up. Google themselves. Yeah.

Every time I log in, they're like, you know, you need to set up a display ad. Um, it's like there's, they can be, in terms of an ROI point of view, they could dramatically
bring up your ROI because they, they're quite cost-effective. And obviously the reach depends on how many people are visiting the page, but the, um, the
ROI in them can be really high. Okay. Um, lots to think about.

And, uh, hopefully I'm not overwhelming you with, with different things. Oh, no, it's all good. Um, it's, you know, it's, you know, it's, you know, it's, you know, it's,
one bite at a time. Right. So a hundred percent.

Yeah. Start with the several one, get it implemented and then see how it's going. And then once we're comfortable that we're happy with how things going, we can look at
implementing the next step. Okay. Sounds great.

Well, as always appreciate your input. And, uh, thanks to you later in the week. Cheers. Yes. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
