---
title: "Media Buying 2021-09-23 15:58:06"
date: 2021-09-23
duration: 2h 40m
duration_seconds: 9603
vimeo_id: 612959528
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Media Buying 2021-09-23 15:58:06

**Date:** 2021-09-23 | **Duration:** 2h 40m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. How is everybody? Good. Just let me close down some of these extra windows I have here. And we should have a couple more join in a couple minutes.

So, Max, I got your submission. I'm just going to pull it up here, okay? Yep, thank you. Yep. Thank you.

And if you need me to screen share, I have everything. Yep, no problem. And, Claudia, I've got yours as well, okay? Thank you. Let me see here.

Let me see here. Let me see here. I'll pull up Max's. Okay. Okay.

Okay, so, Max, the issue is you're running some ads and you've had a number of visits to your funnel. You've had four book calls. You've had four book calls. You said one looks legit. No, they're all spam.

Yeah, they're all spam. All of them are spam. They're all spam, yeah. Okay, so, let me pull up your pages here. I'm concerned that we have deep issues.

I mean, we'll figure it out. But the way Zach set it up, he has a conversion in as a website purchase, but I feel that that's just opt-ins. So, he's counting an opt-in from the lander. That's not right, right? Yeah, definitely not.

So, your funnel, the way it's set up is they opt-in to watch the training on how you close 342 agency clients, and then at the end of that, then someone would book a call. Book a call, yeah, book a call. So, then, like, yeah, so your events would need to be set up differently to allow for that, which we can certainly dive in and take a look at now. Because the way they, like, it's likely that Facebook is, like, the tracking is likely off because you're using the wrong event first and foremost. But then also, like, let's talk about, we can look at your report, or it's probably going to be easier to actually dive into the account if you have access to it.

So, we can dive into the Facebook account to see what's going on from the metrics point of view, see if the ads are doing well to get people to the page, or is it the page that's not doing well to convert to people that are getting to the page? But, first and foremost, let's have a look at, if you can, I see you've sent over the ad reporting thing, and that's fine. But if we could, if you could share your screen, and we could actually dive into the account itself, so I can, and we can go from there. Okay, so let's, first and foremost, just check which events, event types you have set up. So, see the three lines over on the left-hand side?

Yeah. Far left, up to the top. Yeah. So, just click that. It's not really responsive.

Hold on. Hold on one second. Of course, this is the time where Facebook would crash. Yes. So, while you're pulling that up, also some quick stats for you.

I have a 38% opt-in rate from the lander to the BSL. Okay. So, then how many total opt-ins did you get? I know you shared the screenshot. Is that screenshot up to date?

Yeah, that's, it's about 70. Yeah. Yeah, it's 70. And then, well, I think it was Unix, it was 62. Where do I go to get back into that?

Oh, I go into ads. So, it was 62 and then 24 opt-ins. So, I think the screenshot you shared with me was 108 Unix and 39 opt-ins at an opt-in rate of 36.1%. Is that, the screenshot that he gave you, is that, is that from Facebook or is that from ClickFunnels? That's from ClickFunnels.

Oh, okay. Then, maybe that's more recent than what I, I was just in it here. I mean, it's right here. Oh, you know what? He did, you're right.

He, he did that last night. He did that last night. So, that's the most up. Yeah. So, essentially what we're looking for anyways from the, from the ClickFunnels side is how many people are opting in.

So, then do you know, so from those, say, we'll say 39 opt-ins, there's been four book calls. Now, I know you said the four of them have been spammy, which we can address in a second, but there's been four book calls. Is that correct? Uh, there's technically been, um, there's, yeah, I mean, there's been four applications filled out, and then of the people that booked an application, that filled out an application, two of them actually went and booked a call after they applied. But I look at their application and it's, you know, it's spam, but, but yes, to answer your question.

So, when you say it's spam, what, what gives you the indication that it's spam? Is it just like dummy information they're filling in there? Yeah, it's just, I mean, they were asked for their website address. They put it, they, they put a street address. They didn't fill out the things.

It does, it's unintelligible. I don't care. Okay. Yeah. Um, so quickly, before we dig into fixing the, um, there's an account error on there now as well, which we'll have to look at.

Um, but before we dig into. Sorry. It's just the billing, but you said you wanted me to click these three things. Yeah, so if you click, click all tools there and see where it says events manager. Yep.

Just click that. And what we're doing is I just want to see which events you have, uh, created. Because with the new changes that came in a couple of months back, each, um, pixel can only have, um, eight events tied to it. So I just want to see which ones you have. So if you click the aggregated event measurement, where is that?

Just up above where your cursor is. Keep going. Yep. And click manage events. Okay.

Permission query to view events. So this isn't a business account then? Uh, it, it should be, but my account is not a business account. I mean, it's, it's under Zach. So he may, uh, let me see if that, if this quickly.

So no, I mean, we, he just gave me access, but he's, he has a business account. Okay. So we're really, he should be here, but he can't. Okay. So, well, just the reason why I just wanted to check those events is typically with the
new changes, we can only have eight events.

And for you to like, because it's not, you can add a purchase event if they're going to
be, once you get them on the phone and you're going to be, you know, closing them onto your
program, if you're going to be, um, sending them to a page to check out themselves, we can
absolutely have a purchase event firing. But the main events that you'll be looking for are looking to optimize for our initially
lead and then say, so when, so let's say I opt in, I watch your training. I want to book a call. Do I fill an application in first and then schedule, or is it scheduled an application? Um, currently it's application then schedule.

Um, but I'm open to doing whatever is best. It doesn't like, it's, it's much of the same. I mean, that may be something to optimize in the future, but I'm just thinking in terms
of the events. So we'll have a lead event, which is going to be optimizing for someone to opt in originally
at the beginning. Then we'll have a, uh, complete registration, say for example, that might be for when someone
fills in the application.

And then we could have the scheduled event for after someone fills in the application and
the actual schedule a call. And they'll be the, the, the, the likely to three events that we'll optimize for. Um, so then if you just go back to your, to hit those three lines again, and just go
to your ads manager. Now I'm sure, um, Josh is, is, um, is aware of this, but we'll just, we'll just take a look
at one of them quickly there. So just take it, hit, click that where your, where your cursor is there.

And we'll just, just take one of the ad sets there for a sec. Just look at one of them. And actually come back to ad set level there again. And see the, see the first ad sets. So see where it says, yeah.

So you have the first one tipped now on the far right. There's a pencil icon up near the top. Just keep going across. And it's kind of like the, it's like there's four icons. Yeah.

Click it. Yeah. You can click that. So as you can see here now, the conversion event that it's optimizing for is purchase,
but we want this to be the lead event, but we'll have to set up new events and make sure
that, well, we'll have to make sure that the events are set up correctly in order to do
this. So it's a pity Zach isn't here because we could do it right now.

It's okay. He, I mean, he knows how to do it. If you're telling him, I mean, he's going to watch the, he's going to watch the recording. So he needs to create a new conversion event and then he needs to change this. Yeah.

So because the, the initial event we're going to be optimizing for is the lead event. So we'll, we'll make sure that this conversion event is, is going to be changed to lead. But then what we'll have to do is once we'll have to make sure that the, the, the, the event
is configured properly to fire when someone lands on your, the thank you page after the
opt-in. So that the sales page or the BSL page or whatever that, or whatever the case may be. So someone goes to your opt-in page, they put in their email address, they're brought
to the next page on that next page.

We have to just make sure that the lead conversion event is firing. So then we're, then we're telling Facebook that when someone lands on this page that count
that as a lead. So that's the, that'll be the first step. Yeah. I think part of the issue is he thought that you need to put the pixel code, the, I guess
the conversion code on every page.

So he probably put the, this purchase event code on the lander. So you're, should, should anything be on the lander? Well, they did like the, the overall global Facebook pixel will be on every page. And then we, we, we tell Facebook what events to fire on what page. So say the lead event will fire on the, the, the page to land on after the opt-in the, the
complete registration page will fire on the page that they visit after they submit the
form, the domain application form.

And then the scheduled event will fire on the page that they visit after they've scheduled
their, their call. Does that make sense? Yep. But the initial one to, to set up initially is the, is the lead event. We can always set up the other ones afterwards because we want to start optimizing for leads
at least initially.

Now, because you said that you're getting some, that you said the submissions were spam. Let's have a look at your targeting. Cause I know, um, Max, uh, either yourself or maybe it was, um, sorry, it's Josh. Zach. Yeah.

Zach, sorry. Um, Zach that had, um, he, he, he asked some details on targeting, but it looks like you're
getting some dodgy submissions. So let's, let's, let's take a look at that now because the, like you shouldn't have nearly
the, all four shouldn't have been dodgy submissions on this. It was just same person. So I've been the whole time or whatever the case may be.

And we do normally get a small percentage of people just kind of fishing in the funnel
and just like seeing what we're doing and stuff like that. Well, so let's just look at the targeting. So we have 30 to 65, all genders, match interests, career coach, business coaching, health coaching
and life coaching. And it's a decent size. So it's okay.

So see that the X on the left-hand side. Yeah. The X here. Yeah. Hit that.

So I just want to see how the ads have just been performing without looking at opt-in rate,
without looking at anything else. So click over to see the way we have campaigns, ad sets and ads. Just hit the ads there. And then see that where it says columns and just, it says performance. And there's a little bit of a dropdown icon.

Yep. Just hit performance and clicks. Obviously, we'll have to ignore the results because it says website purchases. And we don't know exactly what this event is. It could be visits.

It could be opt-ins. It could be, but we'll just ignore that. But we'll want to look at the actual metrics of the ads in terms of the click-through rate
and so on and so forth. So just scroll across to the right with the cursor down the bottom and keep going, keep going. A little bit of the air.

Let's pause it there. So CPMs seem very, very high, which, I mean, it is quite a competitive space,
but they do seem quite high. Link clicks, cost per link clicks is very high as well. But the link click-through rates are very strong. So anything above 1% is very strong.

And you're, you know, apart from one, apart from two of them, you're consistently above 2%. So that's really, really good. That suggests that the ads themselves, the creatives themselves, are quite good. Now, but we may need to look and see what we can do from a cost per impression point of view
to bring that down slightly as we continue with the campaign
and when our conversion events are set up correctly. Because the conversion events looks like it's a little bit over the place,
that may be affecting the CPMs because maybe Facebook doesn't know exactly what to be optimizing for.

It's trying to optimize for a purchase when there's maybe not a purchase event firing in the right way. So once we nail that out, that should help bring our CPMs down slightly,
but they will be still quite high given the industry that we're, you know,
and the niche that we're targeting and the people that we're targeting and so on and so forth. But from a link click-through rate, the ads themselves looks like they're doing quite well. And an opt-in rate of 36%, give or take, is okay as well. We could probably do some things to optimize that.

But, I mean, it's a good enough starting point. But I think the overall, the main issue here is coming down to the event types. So, and getting that set up correctly. I think if we can get that set up correctly and we should be able to get proper data
and not so much the kind of muddy data that we've got. Does that make sense?

Yep. Now, a couple of questions. When he fixes all of this, I guess, should we, like, we keep these ad sets and we keep these ads here
and then we fix it or do we scrap all of this and start over? In some accounts, Facebook has brought in, it used to be able to go in and change the conversion event
within each ad set so you could change it from purchase to lead. But for some accounts, that option isn't available.

So we can check your account there quickly. So if you click that pencil icon there again. I'm just seeing, can we change the event? No, the made map. So just see, can you see where it says purchase?

The only conversion event he has created is purchase, though. Okay, so then the other events would need to be set up and then we'll have to,
you can keep the ads, but we'll have to create a brand new campaign, new ad sets,
and copy over the ads. So we just have to create, like, and essentially we're starting from scratch again,
but we have all our creatives and we have our targeting and everything else. We just have to set up a new campaign, new ad sets with the new conversion event. Gotcha.

Okay. Okay, and then the other question he has was, so once we fix that,
and I do know that he knows, once he listens to this, he'll know how to fix it. How, like, how long should we be running, like, a specific ad set or whatever
before cutting it off? Because, you know, I spent, like, I spent, like, two grand on this. And, you know, I didn't know it was, you know, it's whatever.

It's not a big deal. But, you know, when it is fixed, I mean. So the main thing with the campaign is that we want to define, well,
initially what we're looking for, because we're looking for initial data in terms
of the visits to the actual funnel and everything else and see what we're looking at
to see where our constraints are. Now, we've kind of gotten that already because we've got 100 and something visits
and 39 leads. But what we're looking for when you're talking about when do we shut off a campaign
and when do we shut off ad sets and so on and so forth,
is that depends on our success metric.

So our success metric for you is either going to be our cost per lead. What's an ideal cost per lead you're aiming for or a cost per book call? Now, we don't have the data on a book call because we don't have that event set up
and we can't really optimize for that event. And we can't look, track that event correctly because we don't have that event set up. So initially, I'd be looking at a KPI around a cost per lead.

So if we look at, have you an idea on what you'd be okay paying from a cost per lead point of view? Um, well, it's going to depend on what the conversion rate is. I really only know that I'm kind of, I'll be happy with anything under $150 for a book call. Okay. So then you know your success metric of you're willing to pay $150 for a book call.

So then we can reverse engineer from there. So if we're willing to pay $150 for book call and say one out of 10 people that opt in, um, book a call. So one out of 10 people who watch your presentation book a call, that would give us a cost per lead of $15. If it's one out of, um, 20, we have to reverse engineer that and get to get our cost per lead. If it's one out of five, we can pay up to, you know, $30 for a book call.

So, sure. Yeah. Oh, sorry. If it's one, sorry, the other way around, if it's one out of 20, we can, we just have to reverse engineer the numbers. Okay.

Okay. So, yeah, currently, even though with spamming, spammy submissions aside, you've had four book calls at 180. And obviously it's there, there were spam book calls. So it's not a true reflection of the data. And like, I, I firmly believe it's the, the event setup has definitely hampered things.

Um, but once we get the right event setup, we can start to optimize correctly. And if it's a case of, um, so if, so 39 people opted in and there was four, um, scheduled. So that, that would give you a, a nearly a 10% as well. Um, so it's, if you kind of work off that initially and say that you're, you're looking for a cost per lead of about $15 and, uh, we could go from there. Okay.

All right. Any questions on that? No, no, I think we're good. Yeah, we'll, we'll fix this and then we'll jump, uh, we'll, yeah, we'll, we'll probably. Be able to fix it and then start it up again.

I have to, um, I have to tweet the BSL slightly. I, I'm working on with Michael on that and we'll probably have a, at least a few days worth of data next Thursday. So I'll jump back on and we can take a look at it. Yeah. And when Zach is setting up the events, if he does get stuck or anything like that, um, just send him to tell him to pop me an email or to submit, to stick it into the submissions and I can cover it on the Monday's call.

Cool. All right. Thanks. I appreciate it. Cheers.

Max. All right. Let me start. Okay. Claudia, let me pull up your submission here.

I have my ads translated. Meanwhile, if you want that. Perfect. Yeah. Do you want to send me a link or.

To the Google doc. Um, which Google doc. For the translated ads. I translated the ad copy. I managed to do it today.

Yeah. Do you want to share that? Do you want to share your screen and we can pull it up later? Sure. Yeah.

And how do you, your ads, are your ads running? Um, they are doing good. They are running. Um, but I'm didn't manage to scale them. Um, and so what's the, um, so what's the, give me a brief, brief overview of the, um,
the, the funnel.

So are you sending to a, is it an offer that people buy or are they booking your call? It's a free, it's a free challenge. And we sell a course from the free challenge with one order bump. That's the entire funnel so far. Okay.

Okay. And is it a YouTube or Facebook you're doing? No, Google ads. Oh, Google ads. Okay.

Because of the topic with premature ejaculation. So Facebook is off the table. We got banned several times. Absolutely. Um, okay, so, and I'm happy to switch my Google ads account to English.

If you need that or want that. Yes, please. If you could do that just for the short term, that'd be great. Can you help me where to do it? So it's faster.

So you'll have to go in under all because tools and see that they, yeah. When under tools and settings. Now I'll pull up an English version so I can read exactly what they say. Because the icons will, won't help me. So bear with me one sec.

Okay. I got it. Oh, you have it. Okay. Yeah.

So this campaign has a decent return on ad spend and it's profitable for us in the
backend, but we, we couldn't manage to let Google spend more money on it. And did, um, so when you say you couldn't let Google spend any more money, is that the,
were you, um, was it stopped getting impressions? Like, uh, had you, so what have you, cause you're doing AdWords obviously we're depending
on the amount of keyword searches that we have and stuff like that. So let me show you, like, I have all the data in this one, um, sheet. So what I figured was that it has, um, a decreasing click-through rate.

Okay. Um, and besides that, I'm not really sure. I saw competitors change their ads after we were in the space. Um, and I don't know if we maybe need to kind of dabble with bids. I never, never did anything with bidding really, you know, to, to get more.

I have no idea. Okay. So let's, um, let's, um, jump back into your Google account and we can just check, um,
but we can check a couple of stats in there. So I tried to change the language, but it doesn't. Okay.

So. Um, it says English, but it's still in German. The heck. So try to change it. So you change it to English and then there was a different, um, option.

Try to change it to English USA and see, does that help? Yeah. No. and just come out of the settings there for a sec
sorry come out of the settings so see the arrow on the bar left just hit hit that arrow there
and we may be able to get around it without without actually even if the language doesn't
change but there's a i'll log in here to a count and i can guide you from what i see on my side
okay so can you make your your browser as big as possible as well so like see as much much data
as possible so this is the access of the campaign okay so let's see
okay
okay yes you see on the um go to see what says uh spelton
yeah so click spelton and you can see what says complete campaign tracking
that pencil icon yeah so you hit the pencil icon beside that sorry
now we don't necessarily have to change this but what we're looking for is under performance
is that uh lice laced them yeah yeah and then we're looking for to see the last two impressions
um absurd percentage and the other one as well yeah okay
okay so see where it says impression the first the first impression okay so see where it says impression
the first the first impressions yeah that says um that's essentially saying how many of your ads are
what percentage of your ads are is the top ad in the search results yes so like they like the
it says the overall one of them the initial ad group there is like 63 percent are the top one which
is um is quite high the other ones then it would suggest that they could do a little bit about an
optimization to to see if we could get them higher but it's it's not a critical metric issue i just
wanted to see in case of um well is there any opportunity there and then the second one which is
that has been much higher so that has been declining oh okay so this has been declining okay yes it was all
between 65 and 80 something percent okay okay and have you made any changes to your ads at all or
any changes to your to the to where they go when they click uh no um we couldn't manage to make any
other page convert besides that one we have so all ads point to one page what i did was um come in my
husband is just joining um what i what i did is that i took a lot of advice from that the google
ads account gave me and so i changed things like um how the campaign is running like um how do you
call that goal return on ad spend and stuff like that and i don't know if i messed up with it that
way or if we just have ad fatigue ad fatigue okay so um ad fatigue shouldn't necessarily be a thing
unless like there's lots and lots of people that continually search the same thing over and over again
i mean i'm not too familiar with the space but i'm assuming that once someone searches for it
and they like they find their solution or they don't um but like ad fatigue it shouldn't be as
big as a deal as if something like ad fatigue on facebook or youtube or something like that if
someone keeps seeing see your ad over and over again but um have you any retargeting in place or is
retargeting an option for you it is but we have no idea how to do it i never this was my very first
google ads campaign so okay really so then in terms of um scaling obviously retargeting someone's
when um when retargeting is definitely an option to to consider so essentially what we'd be looking
at doing is like the so in your in your in your funnel or your offer when they click on an ad they're
brought to a certain page and is that page is it just a sales page or is it sales page in order
form together no it's um it's it's just an opt-in page for the free challenge there is no sales
happening on the page okay so then what we can do is we can so then the the two kind of main
retargeting we would do is we could retarget people who have visited the page would not opt it in
yeah and then the second one is we could retarget all of our leads that have opted in
and then i think you know they either went through the challenge and they've bought or not bought
yeah so then we could target the people that have um not bought after a certain period of time
you said it's a it's a five-day challenge you said three-day challenge three-day challenge okay so
then so we have a three-day window anybody that opts in and uh doesn't buy we could we we can
retarget those people so and then after the three days is it on day three you introduced the
offer or is it all throughout no it's okay yeah this week yeah and is the offer is it for a
specific does it last for a specific period of time so say i opt in for the challenge on day three
you introduced the offer and then can i buy any time after day three or is it just a specific window
where i don't introduce the time window right there i tell them okay i don't know exactly and then i
have a four-day fast cash email sequence following which is actually goes over 14 days with
different where you have a reduced price and that kind of stuff afterwards and some more information
that kind of so for how long can they buy at this price well actually there is no limit but
i i tell them i think on day four where the four-day fast cash ends on day four and that's the last
chance and then there's whatever reasons uh for reduced price for students and that kind of thing
because i have a pretty young audience from youtube or used to have okay so yeah because i'm just
thinking in terms of my head the retargeting audience size because it's a like because they're
opting in for a three-day challenge we obviously don't want to kick in the offer immediately but we
can we can tell google when we're creating our audiences that that they'll stay in this audience
for a certain period of time but then so then say imagine i go through the challenge and on day three i see
the offer and i click to purchase so i'm obviously brought to an order form then to purchase so then
we can retarget those people who visited the order form but not purchase that's probably the first
retargeting campaign i would set up because that's um you've retargeting your most um the the warmest
leads who've shown intent to purchase but obviously have not bought so that that's that's um that should
be a fairly uh straightforward campaign to set up and you have a couple of different options i mean
the you could do the like a google display retargeting so it's a google display is um it's
setting up setting it up as much like adwords except you you have um it's going to be banners
bringing them back to purchase more so than like it's they're not not keywords or or anything like
that they won't see an adwords ad we'll be able to follow them around with a banner ad getting them
to come back and purchase if that makes sense where do i start setting up retargeting like where can i
find information on how to set it up so if you um inside of the coaches portal there's um there's
some training on setting up um a campaign but it's um the main part of it is actually setting up the
audiences first so and setting up the audiences see where it says tools and i'll because it's in um
yeah so we're going to go to see tools and then there's the second so it's the gymnasium and then we
have our audience manager yeah and have you any audiences created already not really have you got
page visit audience audiences created no nothing okay so what we can do is that we can just we
create um the three main ones that you would create are you could create the the people who
have visited the challenge opt-in page but so we can just create people who have visited that
um then we can create uh people who have um opted in so then people who have visited the the thank
you page yeah and then we can create people who visited the order form page and then the the final
one would be to um what actually would because you're tracking conversions in google we wouldn't need
to create the final one because you'll have an all converters audience so you should have an all
converter's audience i didn't understand that why don't i have to set up the last one so you'll have
people who've visited the sales page you'll have people who visited the the the thank you page which
is the after they visit after the opt-in you have people who visited the order page and then if you
have a an order confirmation page you can create that one as well but we don't necessarily have to
create that one because as you're as google is recording conversions it creates a and a list an
audience called all converters and then what we can do is we can just exclude those all converters
from the obviously we can exclude them from the from the initial adwords campaign so we're not so we
won't be targeting those people again because they've already converted but then we can exclude the
different audience segments that we've created from the the campaign so say the adwords campaign
we can exclude any of the leads that have already opted in from that campaign so when they if they
search again you know we don't need to target them because they've already opted in does that make
sense total total sense and then once we have the once we have the audiences set up um we to go
through the process of of creating a google display campaign is um is fairly fairly straightforward so if
you just want to i'll quickly show you here so if you just hit that the the back arrow icon no
and see the the big blue yeah just make just make sure we're on the so i hit the seat at the top
there's three lines yeah we are on the asset level at the moment yeah so just jump back to the campaign
level yeah just go to all campaigns at the top well yeah and yeah so see now we can just hit the blue
oh go back to all campaigns
i think it's just why i know a companion and we're looking for uh sales
yeah and hit next and we're going to do this is going to be displayed campaign so you can just hit
display
and no smart so you have two options here the smart display campaign is google will automatically go out
there and try and uh find people to convert for you now this may be an option if you've already had
like a lot a lot of traffic to your to to your to your challenge page and everything else so how much
traffic in total over the last six months or say we would has been today a lot like several five
figures yeah i mean it may be an option to set up this but i would always start start with the
standard campaign so just start with the standards display campaign and you know you may go in
afterwards and set up a smart campaign and see if google can go out and find those people essentially
the smart campaign is it's pretty much hands off google goes out there and tries to find people
to convert based on the parameters that you tell them so for the standard campaign you put in your
link here and this is going to be the link to the order form because we're going to be targeting people
that you don't necessarily have to do it now because we don't have the audiences set up but we put in
your link to your order form and then um it's fairly step by step it's it's very similar to setting up
adwords campaign except that when it comes to the ads you're not putting in um lots of uh um ad copies
and headlines and descriptions you'll put in a few of them uh and then you can you can either upload
images so it could be product images or or creative images related to the solution that you're providing
and then what will happen is google will create multiple variations of all of these and it will create
the banners for you so you don't have to upload banners if you don't want to you can create
a text it what essentially does it creates text headline and image variations and it combines all
of those into multiple banner sizes you know along all of the different sizes of banners so you'd have
the you know the long rectangle ones you'll have big square ones small square ones google will
automatically create them for you and it'll serve them on the sites that we want to serve them on
okay and will the retargeting campaign also possibly improve the existing campaign
or do we have to do something else there it will improve the existing campaign as in it will increase
your conversions because you retard me people who have hit the that have hit the order form and not
purchased now it's not going to it not it's not necessarily going to lead to you getting more clicks
on the initial ads that's what i wanted to cover next in terms of what we could do or um in terms
of like optimizing the google side of thing is something that we could dive into a little bit
deeper but the the main thing that you can do to increase your scale is have you considered a
a second search engine like something like bing ads have you have you explored bing ads or anything
like that at all not yet my my next thought was youtube ads because we also run a youtube channel
well then absolutely i mean have you gone through my youtube ads training and the coaches portal
not yet we do so yeah definitely go through that and that will walk you through step by step of
setting up youtube campaigns and then maybe if you have any questions on that we can cover that
um say next next monday's call but in terms of adding extra scale um apart from optimizing the google
campaigns which we may need to look at the one of the the kind of the easiest solutions would be to add
an extra search engine and use your existing ads that you've got there because like bing well
obviously it doesn't have anywhere near as much of searches as google it still has quite um high
search volumes across across different industries and different niches and and adding that should
definitely get you some extra scale fairly quickly great any other questions on that or no to me
in terms of action steps what i would focus on is um definitely get that retargeting campaign in place
for the order form visitors that have not bought um so in order to do that to set up those audiences
and um the audience setting up the audiences is fairly straightforward as well i'll just quickly
show you here so if you go to tools and settings and go back to audience manager
and yeah so we're under remarketing which is fine and then hit the the blue icon
and we want yeah so the first one website visitors sorry i'm looking back over another screen
and translating what i see to it and so just hit website visitors and then we have you can just
audience name you can just say um i mean call it what it is so say visited order form did not purchase
or whatever the case may be
and then yes so it's visitors of a page and then you have see where it says match any rule group
and we have just page url contains just put in the um the the order form link here so if it was like
google.com forward slash order or whatever the case is and just hit and that's it you can hit enter
and then in terms of the pre-fill options you have um you can pre-fill with people who've matched this
rules within the last 30 days so it'll take people that have been the last 30 days which is which is
what we want that's that's the minimum we could do when we set up an audience so unfortunately
we'll um we'll lose um any previous people and then we can then people will stay in this we can
determine how long we want people to stay in this uh campaign so typically what i do in terms of
segmenting is i would do it based on you know i would set up a seven day one people who people who
visited the order form in the last seven days people who visited the order form in the last 28 days
people who visited in the last 90 days and then people who visited the last say five five 40 days
which is the maximum and then in the the obviously the the seven day audience is going to be much
smaller but that they're the kind of the warmest the warmest people possible so then um so then we
could have like a super uh direct ad for those people that's 30 day people it might be you know we
may add in this is where we can get creative with our retargeting ads we may we may add it give them
you know maybe a a coupon code that they could use if they haven't checked out within seven days or
something like that for the 30 day people and so on and so forth but as a bare minimum you can just
create the 540 one and you could retarget those if you wanted to but i would create the extra ones
as well just in case you want to get a little bit more segmented with the type of retargeting that you
do no harm in creating them and we can you know tackle them again in the future yeah okay so i would set
up four um audiences with that seven days 28 90 and and 540 is the maximum yeah and then like the
audience description you can give it a description if you want to it's like typically what i i leave
this blank because i i named the the audience name what it is so i don't necessarily need to give a
description and then you just hit create audience and that usually takes a day or two for google to
populate um at least initially and then do that for the the other audiences as well so do for the
people who visited the sales page and not um not opted in and how we determine that is by adding
exclusions to our campaigns so when you set up the audiences of people who visited the sales page
that's just a standalone audience and then when we want to set up a retargeting campaign to bring
those people back the people who didn't opt in back we would we're in our audiences of our ad
campaign we choose the audience that we want to target which would be visited sales page and then
our exclusions are going to be that we'll be excluding the audience of people who have opted in
so it's kind of like target these people but exclude these people yeah so then we're left with
the people who haven't opted in if that makes sense does make sense is that okay yeah great
and then like once you have these audiences created if you want me to take a look at them
on monday we can certainly take a quick look and just make sure everything is set up correctly
yes i appreciate it a lot but in terms of like um adding like like i said adding some quick extra scale
looking at something like bing um is definitely a definite next step if you think you're if you
haven't got you've got ads that are working on google there's absolutely no reason why those ads
shouldn't work on something like bing good to know should we wrap it up with that and go through the
other stuff on monday maybe or do you want to tackle how to get more traffic from that existing campaign
yeah let's tackle that let's let's tackle that on monday i think yeah you mind if i interrupt my
battery is about to die and i have some tech problems could i interject here then you guys can continue
in a bit yeah jump in there did you change your name oh that's my wife's yeah my i fried my computer
yesterday and we're working off a single charge on hers so all right okay yeah that's that's cool
i've got some more like apollo 13 trying to get through i sent a link uh in the chat i just i've
just pulled up the link here so last we talked um i believe was uh last monday just just just pause
there for a second so claudia and um what's your husband's name yan yeah so like um let's wrap it
there then and on monday we can cover the rest and i just want to jump in with um with pete here because
he's his perfect he's um he's working on low battery on his mac is that okay yeah very very
thanks guys thank you very much thank you very much no problem okay um let's let's dive in here
um so uh we the last time we had talked was to try a price change so we um we took it down from
397 to 300 and i also offered a split payment of 150 two payments to 150 um after three days there's no
no big change on that so um at that point i talked to michael i missed the tech call second tech call
last i'm sorry the media buying call last week and he proposed that idea of a of a split like multi-page
sales letter um he then followed up with you about it and he forwarded back your response that you
thought it only worked with um stories and if you're a good storyteller yeah but um it's at least
the step in the direction of just getting more data before we get a vsl there and so i i did work on
that i reworked a few things so what i have on the link there is is the um the click-through rate from
page to page okay so let me just share my screen so you can show me
and it was so on the left to go farther to the left that's the first round okay so um with the
first round we split it into uh four pages there's a lead page the magic wall and vetting page the
awaken your femininity page and then the offer page um and so you can see the uh the click-through
rates on the right from one step to the next so let's just so i'm just so i'm uh correct in my
thinking here so there was 141 visits to the opt-in page and 47 leads yeah uh yes so then out of those
out of those 47 leads 38 of them went to the next page correct yep and then okay yeah and then
out of that 38 20 you went to the next page yep okay and then from the 16 then um only one went to
the checkout page correct okay so looking at this i mean and it does give us a some data on the actual
thing now it's um it's it's like i was kind of alluding to in the email um it is based on typically
that that process is more based on a like a narrative type um offer or sorry narrative type
sales copy and everything else yeah i mean we do have good data here and if we just look at the
numbers it's pretty clear that the um right the main drop-offs are is when you introduce the uh
the the vetting and the magic wall or whatever this page is but the massive drop-off is on the offer
so this would suggest that the offer is and the offer needs work okay so we did we did um the action
step we did uh monday which is what you see on the right there is that we split the magic wall and
vetting into two separate pages and i i tried to clean up vetting because i felt vetting was a little
bit of the of the slower more boring one so we split that page into two um we do see that the vetting
side of it is a little bit less um interesting than the magic wall part um so that's the weakest link
in terms of the overall content but then yes the the offer page is where we get the most drop-off
yeah i mean like even even on this i mean the the drop from 80 to 68 it's um it's it's it's not
it's not um it's not that dramatic obviously it it seems to work that you've cleaned it up a little
bit from the from here but yeah the it's absolutely the offer that's um that's just not going down well
with the market and whether that's down to how the offer is presented is whether it's the the pricing and
everything else but it's um i think it's it's definitely the offer that needs to be worked on
okay um so besides price is it i guess what are the what are the directions i can go in in testing
and what data do i have of what directions might be best to first to try it first um
i mean they like do you have a link here to the actual the offer page so i can see it here
um let me type it in because without actually seeing the offer in detail it's it's a
i don't want to just give an arbitrary um answer if you get me
i think that's right
um just copy this and this is the the offer page for the based on the pages yeah sorry that's the
that's the checkout page
okay
okay
okay
um that page is unloading me i'm getting a 404
have you i wanted to also ask i can ask you over getting this um mint cro
have you heard of mint cro i've heard of it but i'm not familiar with it
um i did their free um training thing and uh i like the concept
it's about how to get um kind of using uh traffic campaign to test messages
and then they have this this process to go through that
um like a like a rapid testing framework yeah 25 and 25 bucks for 24 hours you put 10 10 ads in
there with only the text is the um the difference so it's just a text picture and um and they you
know if you get a certain uh cost per click then it's kind of good and then um there's further
testing to see if it also works for conversion and so forth but it's it's a way of using ads
to do market research that's intriguing to me yeah i mean like it's um we would we would normally
look at that from a point of view if we're if we're um let's say if we like if if our major
bottleneck was our our messaging on the front which like um it kind of seems that that's been
um that's i don't know if that's going to help you with your offer i mean it's not going to help
you with the offer you you are getting leads you are getting opt-ins um but not getting sales so
testing a small message like that may be something to consider when you want to work on creating some
new some new creatives and new ads and maybe test a different hook or a headline as an opt-in
i don't know if it's necessarily going to be a good action step for you right now i think the action
step to focus on is around the offer because uh base it seems to be pretty clear that the the offer is
the is the the the stumbling block at the minute yeah but i mean even things like let's say i
positioned it i've i've been undecided on do i push it as a strategy a dating strategy or a strategy
and dating kind of a turnoff so we talk about maybe an approach i don't know if that's that's
significantly different but potentially you could test phraseology that would be attractive even
yeah i mean you can absolutely do that but i mean it's not going to fix the issue that the
main issue at hand which is your offer i mean that's gonna like that's the well it would change
potentially what i'm saying the offer is am i offering a strategy am i offering an approach am
i offering um it should be off the offer should be a solution it's like whether it's a strategy
approach is not going to make a it's not going to make a dramatic amount of difference in terms of
the like if you're getting uh 16 people and only one went to the cart or 10 people and no people
went to the cart changing it from a strategy to an approach is not going to fix that okay
yep okay i got the link in there okay just let me see here
i don't know where that f is in there that's a typo
that's okay technically fixed
that's okay technically fixed
so let me see here
so
Thank you. Yeah, it's one of the things I'm just going to go through the rest first, okay?

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So these are what? These four visualizations?

So there's no value on these. And there's no value on any of these until the very, very end where it's, if you scroll
down here, it's down here where you mentioned the values. yeah why aren't the values mentioned up here because i've known i was following the template
i don't i don't think that it's said to do we always we always um attach um values as part of
the um it's like as part of the the if it's an initial if it's just a component of it i mean
it's okay but then what we if we're not going to attach values i mean you have the values down here
but then we don't mention them up above so and again with the bonuses there's no value on the
bonuses so i can't you know i can't um it's like okay there's these performances and then it's like
boom 387 and it says total value 3459 i'm like well where did you get that from yeah i mean i this i
was introducing more um more add to cart buttons and and yeah that top one is above where i had the
first price build up um and like one other thing to consider and like there's after here so after
before you introduce the bonuses um you could have your first price reveal and then like then like
have your first price feel so it's like all of this um has a value of x y and z but today you can get it
you know you can do this part here and then so then you give them a chance to say no and then you
introduce the bonus number one is is worth whatever it's worth um you know the etiquette guide and then
you give them another option to say no and it's like and bonus number two and then you have that value
so then you're stacking the value more so than just saying all of this is worth this does that make sense
yep so i'd definitely attach values and then in terms of the copy it the copy is very it's more
feature driven than benefit driven it's a lot about what this it's made up of four parts getting you
step by step then you do go into benefit here which is great um and that's good but i think we can get
to the feature this is what it is it's a for you know what's called here the um
yeah let me see here for guided visualization so this like this is like very very feature driven
yeah then you do cover some benefits here but like let's make these benefits feel feel front and
center okay and then like this here so when you meet your friends or former colleagues for lunch to
catch up instead of keeping quiet about your new feminine less aggressive lifestyle you feel only
pride in your newfound attitude and what does that mean like really if you think about it so like
the goal of this attractive vetting course is to help them find not eliminate the loser guys and
find the guy that they're that they that the guy of their dreams are essentially so then here like
when you meet your friends or former colleagues for lunch to catch up instead of keeping quiet about
your new feminine less aggressive lifestyle you feel only pride in your newfound attitude this just
doesn't make sense yeah that's just i mean that's a step towards it um you're right it's not you know
directly to the mr right thing but it's um it's a part of it and that's what that's what this first
thing is for is this idea of women reconnecting with their femininity um you know that's a benefit of
that part of the of the product yeah so don't and so don't just focus on the benefits of the product
focus on the benefit are they a part of the product the benefits of the overall program so like
like if you think about it they unless they're doing something wildly crazy
someone who's looking at this and is interested they don't necessarily care what's in the program
they want the result and you have to tell them what's in the program say the feature this is in
the program the advantage of this feature is and so you can benefit and then it's like that's it
don't need to go into a whole lot of details like here it is this is what you're getting this is the
advantage of this and here's the benefit and just so you can whatever the benefit is yeah and then
go into the next component feature advantage benefits here's what you're getting is that as
as simple as you know 12 video recordings or because todd has talked about like make it sound
cooler than just video recordings oh yeah you don't you don't just want to say here you're getting 12
video recordings of blah blah blah like i like that you're going into a little bit of detail here
or going into detail on each component i just think there's too much um there's too much going on for
each component it's very feature driven and it's like the benefits of each part they don't really
add up to me finding mr right or a woman finding mr right if that makes sense yeah you kind of like
the benefits are like they're okay benefits but they just they just don't add up to an overall
me find you know the woman finding mr right or whatever the case may be yeah and then like the adding in
the values as well is um is gonna is gonna should definitely help things uh let me see real questions
real answer sessions yeah i think like to be honest i think the the offer portion here does need a lot
of work in terms of tightening it up it's making it's making the whole process of someone finding
mr right um really long and complex yes yep it's like okay i have to go through all of this stuff
to find mr right blah blah blah versus um you know how can we take what's in the course and condense
the features of the course yeah honing on the advantages of each of these components and then
go hog wild on the benefits and then like do have a then we were introducing our price and then have
our bonuses and then the price reveal then again at the bottom yeah maybe um maybe the so maybe
background the fact that it's four parts um that maybe that's part of it feeling complex and choppy
and presented as one single thing
it kind of undermines the price build up a little bit if we kind of don't talk about them individually
when you're when you're doing your your price comparison so dad let me see here let's go down
when you reveal your price
um at three thousand dollars if the av academy did for you always eliminate loses from your dating life
would it be worth the investment i would say yes it will be worth because your personal life so much
valuable than even a month more of a wasted time or heartache and you deserve happiness with mr right
that doesn't really justify the price point of three thousand that's just assuming that
yes three thousand is worth um eliminating losers from your dating life okay what you could be saying
like if someone was to work um one-on-one with uh leila or leila um for to have her guide you through
this and a private coaching capacity how much would how much would she charge for that but then it's
like you don't have the so then so then you're kind of giving a an apples to oranges comparison
rather than just saying at three thousand would it be worth it in this scenario only when something
like this worth is is when you're selling money at a discount so that's saying if i give you
if i give you something that's worth a thousand dollars um for a hundred dollars would that be worth it
you say well absolutely yes so in your in your um example it's not exactly like that because
you you're not really selling a tangible outcome it's kind of well you are and you aren't but it's
not like a business outcome where if you do x you will make y it's um so to have that type of a price
comparison just doesn't feel um just doesn't feel tangible and i think that the whole av academy as well
is um is it an attractive enough name is it like is it a sexy enough name for women to to to care
about they say is that something that they're they're going to text their friends about oh i'm
going to join the av academy and they'll be like what the hell is that you become a tv electrician or
something or what what what comes to mind that would be better um i mean if you're going to call it
attractive vetting academy call it the attractive vetting academy don't don't um sure okay
we're happy for i mean i'm i'm not married to any of this stuff um i mean we thought about you know
this program we thought academy kind of sounded a little bit more elite and um you know then
program sorry my dog is moaning around here sorry um the uh the if you think about it in terms of
the end result is to help them find mr right help them prepare themselves to find mr right and
typically someone going through this program how long does it typically take them to go out there
and get find that mr right oh i mean they have immediate benefits but uh people that she works
with tend to get into something you know a different level of seriousness and quality of relationship
within three to nine months so mr right in 90 days or something is like uh is a much more tangible
um outcome than attractive vetting academy so it's like yeah she doesn't she's she does not want to
make any um promises time-wise because that to her it says that um the goal is getting them in a
particular time not getting the right one so she's she's anti that she used to she used to have a program
that guaranteed you get married in a year and she doesn't do that anymore just because um
of that compromise like it's it's suggesting that that you're going to be willing to compromise to
reach this goal yeah that that makes sense that's cool um but if the goal is to help them find
uh mr right and like however long it takes is like maybe it's like you're perfect mr right or
something like that that the perfect mr right mr right program or something like that so then it's
more tied to an outcome yeah versus this um you know this phrase attractive vetting and then when
we shorten that phrase it gets even more confusing yeah but like in terms of action steps i'd probably
change the introducing the whatever it is called then adding values to each of the components and just
just tighten up the benefits as well like a good feature of part this is a four four part program
part one uh part one feature the advantages of this is so you can benefit
so like what's so this um let me see the part one the wake up feminine energy the modern princess
guided visualization so what are these guided visualizations what are the advantages of these
and what's the benefit so so when you name so you say introducing the four guided visualizations or
30 minute videos um 30 minute trainings whatever the case is the advantage of these are they're
going to help you um x y and z so you can feel more confident when you meet a guy feel more um feel
be get in touch with yourself in a better way so that when you do meet a potential mr right you're not
being you know you're not gonna uh be low and and do yourself a disservice by not being able to talk to
him not being able to x y and z and blah blah blah blah so then it's the benefits are all still
bring both bring both back and being tied to then finally mr right and then just do that with each
of the each of the components so discover masculine phenomenon dynamics with the insider minds master
class uh did it is a beautiful contrast between men and men which not only helps you understand men but
all that helps for your son or yourself
in this 30 minute video position you'll create a confusion about what men do and why
so these are kind of like advantages of what you're going to do so you can so you know being
better able to understand a man is going to help you to better able to find a man and this is blah
blah blah blah blah blah um so yeah so i think the to summarize as quickly as possible i'm not sure
when your laptop is going to die so the they look at possibly changing the name the attractive
vetting academy av academy to something more tied towards their outcome and then tighten up the
the each of the components so if you follow the feature advantage benefit kind of protocol so state
what it is feature this is a 30 minute visualizations blah blah blah blah the advantage of these
visualizations is is x y and z so you can and then just go through a benefit and tie the benefit back to
what the what their overall goal is around finding that mr right does that make sense and then
finally adding adding values to the components okay hey um josh here i'm gonna just jump in real quick
uh just i just checking out the page um so for me um scrolling through it i got 12 minutes left by
the way so all right all right uh nice apollo 13 still hanging in there um so for me like just like
going through the page like it's um it's uh obviously it's like mvf style right it's just basically as
plain as can be obviously you have pictures which i think are good but like for me like sometimes
having like a like a subtle call out or like uh like having some text like that's a little bit bigger
than others kind of gives that frame of like okay what is he saying in this paragraph boom then you
say it and then maybe like you capitalize you know on bold certain words or like a phrase so that people
like that's what they're so as they're scrolling they're like getting more emotionally sucked in by
like certain phrases because obviously you want the emotion to carry over into the offer so that like
they're still feeling the pain of you know after watching your or reading your vsl stuff and then
oh yeah i'm feeling this pain um that that for me might just kind of like get them to still be
congruent with their emotional experience from prior i don't know yeah is there um john is do you have
any kind of uh you know good offer layouts that are in the same niche or i could just use as a bit of a
template um i'll see if i can pull out some i have a couple of swipes i might be able to send you if
you've ever actually if you ever give me one sec i'll see if i can find one now so it's from a um this
is from an offer that's kind of in a similar niche but it's a little bit more um it's a little bit it's
about um helping a woman uh talk dirty to their man and so that one sec so it's the it's kind of
similar but the price point is much lower so the price point is like i think it's like a 47 offer
but yeah josh i agree that i kind of switched tones the the sales page coming up is is more emotional
and then i kind of just like it got a little bit more technical on the um offer page so how to keep
that with the same narrative sort of build up is a gap yeah when you do have some of that like i was
reading you have a section where you kind of start like you list off like eight questions but like i
don't know for me i feel like if they're on their offer page it's because they are um there may be
like there's some pain there and there's some neediness and the more you can like prod that and
agitate that like i feel like and then just again like having like certain call outs or certain bigger
bigger words or sentences just to be like okay this is what this section is all about and like
this is what i want you to pay attention to here like different colors maybe i mean you don't want
to go too much obviously you know but it's the right balance so uh just like i'll send you i'll send
this in the chat but um here uh so this um and pay attention to the um to the copy when he's
introducing that the benefits of the offer and you'll see that it's all just benefits so say if
i read out one of them here so uh use this and you'll you'll condition a man to become unreasonably
turned on and vibrating with desire for you every time you whisper a seemingly innocent phrase of
choice in his ear i mean that's like obviously this offer is very different well same kind of space
but you know it's a lot more specific to the niche in in the that the the health relations the
relationship space but and it's all about helping get helping a woman get better at talking dirty and
everything else but they like when the person's introducing the program they just give the name of
the program and then it's all benefits benefits of the program it doesn't necessarily say that
you're going to get uh you're going to get a 30 minute visualization and 30 minute video
presentations and blah blah blah it's all benefit benefit benefit benefit so say another one here like
you know let me see um i'll show you how to use text skype or the phone to create a vivid emotional
movie in his head where he's the hero you're the woman and he do anything for like that's you know
that's a benefit of the program so yeah like the so we go through that and pay attention to the like
there may be some things that you could model in terms of messaging obviously you might need to tone
them down a bit because it's a very different offer but um like pay attention to how the offer is
structured um and like it's all benefits benefits benefits benefits and there will be certain things
there that you can that you can model and uh it should should help you yeah that's great thanks
um to me a 400 product like i want to know but i mean yeah i'm not saying i'm not saying don't say
what's in the program just say like you're focusing too much on the features of video presentations and
video visualizations and 30 minute videos and blah blah blah it's like and then it's confusing of
what i'm actually getting and how how does this how do all of these seemingly unconnected parts of a
program help me find mr right because it's not clear yeah sweet awesome thanks a lot cool cheers
uh josh did you make any submissions and then we can jump over to shirag afterwards
oh yeah yeah i sent you an email when did you send this morning this morning or for me and this morning
i guess it was like two or it's like three hours ago
um oh you did yeah one sec
yeah take your time okay
okay so it looks like some good initial results
um the yeah some actually like when it came down to the conversions like i can't complain but like
no one's really bottom line no one's watching the video
people who started watching the video so unique impressions from video stats so 74 people started
watching the video or 74 people were on the page but only eight people watched the video
yep okay so yeah of those eight people like they didn't even make it through one person made it to
nine minutes the rest didn't even make it past five minutes
okay so there are there are two different things so there that's two different issues one getting people
to watch the video yeah and then two um getting people to keep watching the video exactly
and then the book calls does anything happen with those book calls i know you mentioned there's um
some some um health related issue yeah so my stepmom um renee her dad you know went to the hospital
and not looking so good so she ended up flying out yesterday and basically um long story like
or bottom line like she can't deal with the calls right now so i just ran it anyway because i needed
to get the stats but i actually i called two of these people i called all three of them i get ahold of
two of them and um and was able to verify they're solid leads and they're cool with having renee call
them next week so actually i feel like it's pretty promising at this point for those two um we'll see
you know have yet to hear back on the other guy but um um um yeah i mean so i guess the leads we're
getting my my if you read through all my points i'll just kind of i'll read i'll just quickly
summarize what i'm trying to say in each of the points so the first number one is my thought is
is it's not maybe incongruent with what the ad is saying in youtube and then what they think
they're like getting when they land on the landing page because i re-watched my ad a couple times
the one that was doing the best and that's the link you can maybe check it out um what you're
doing now i'm just going to pull up the page on my my mobile here okay yeah pull it up i mean
basically 80 of the right 90 of the budget was even going towards like like these old people don't
have desktops or tablets and if they do they're they're watching all these youtube videos on their phone
um and so yeah you can see the changes i made um but i just don't know if it's like something in the
ad because i did not recreate the ads um i left them the same and so like the ad itself says um
it's like
you know if you want if you want to check out this you know um click the button you'll be taken to a
page looks like this where you can enter your details and then you'll get access to a free
training walking you through this entire process so obviously they don't have to enter their deal
details but like i mean i'm wanting one thing maybe worth testing and this may sound um a little
bit counterintuitive but based on what you're saying a it like maybe it is the way to go so
people aren't really watching the video which but people are submitting the form so like that would
suggest that they're interested in what you're saying they're going to get by submitting the form
so people are interested in finding out which medicare plan is best for them yeah um and then maybe
something to test is just having that as the page so having the headline you know due to you turning
65 you should have questions about medicare um find out take out the watch the video below find out how
the benefit matching process gets you matched up with the right medicare plan for you um form that
they submit then on the thank you page it's like thanks for thanks for uh thanks for your submission
will be in contact with you soon in the meantime watch this video for a full overview and then
you're you're still getting them to consume the video if you want if you want them to but it seems
like people are they want to find out the best medicare plan for them with or without watching the
the the video so i think the goal of getting them to watch the video isn't necessarily needed because
they they're submitting the form anyways i hear you and i don't know if maybe these just these old
people just don't they don't really care maybe they feel like this is like learning to them and
they just want help finding a plan with medicare that's that's that's exactly what i'm thinking i
mean they like they i would assume i'm i don't know um we'd have to look into it but i would assume
that there's there's very little competition people advertising medicare through youtube i agree and that
the people that we're hitting on they now while our opt-in rate is relatively low when you when you
consider it that way but i mean that um we could that that may be an option to to
that we're okay just driving them to essential essentially a um find out the best medicare plan
for you page and then they opt in um they can we can have the video and the guide on the thank you page
um if we want them to and then like they follow up with them anyways all right so let me ask you this
i need your i need your your thinking cap here so let me just give you a little more detail i like
where you're going with this so like remember how i said like after people are turning 64
they start getting medicare mail um they start getting some phone calls but they get lots that start
getting lots of medicare mail they start talking to their friends they know that it's the time to make
their decision um it's just like a common thing but i'd say some people old people want to get on
it right away because that's just who they are some old people are procrastinators i tend to think the
lower income and i don't want to make this sound bad but like i feel like there may be more of the
procrastinator type i don't know but i could be wrong it could be like 50 50 so with that being said
i don't know if everyone is going to be like ready to find a plan right now ultimately that is the goal
but like i think it just like some of them do want to find a plan for sure some of them just want to
learn and more about it and get some answers and not feel pressured right now to make a decision right
now um but i don't know the split so i guess with that being said would you still just be like nope
let's just go after the people who are like ready to make a decision you know no matter what time
they like i wouldn't necessarily have a split what i would do if you were open to it um and from a media
point of view it may need some changes to to ads but like the um for the people that are finding out
which medicare is best best for you i mean obviously they're they're a little bit more ready to go like
you said but then for the people that are maybe a little bit of procrastinators but still value in
getting those people and talking to those people the biggest four biggest mistakes people make before
to sign up for medicare that um would be a probably a better hook for those people i see and so like
that would just be like um submit your name and info to get this report and then don't even say about
calling or what yeah i mean like the uh i mean we'd be testing two different things here then so it'd be
two different two different legion offers um so like the you know we'd have to see but um yeah so
it could be just a case of you turning 65 um you should have questions about medicare um enter your
details below and we'll send you our free guide the four biggest mistakes people make before they sign
up for medicare okay and then the other one would be just the the calling out people that are ready to
go right now the you know they find out how but the benefit matching process gets you matched up
with the um the right medicare plan for you and then the the the box to enter their details
okay so would you just you're you're kind of getting me going here getting some questions going
here so like if that's the case would you set up two different um google youtube campaigns or would
you just set up a split test and click funnels on two different pages no they'd be they'd be two
different campaigns because you'd be they'd be nearly well not nearly but in an ideal scenario to be two
different ads as well one is um you're turning 65 and you want to find the best medicare plan for you
um go here fill out your details and we'll we'll show you how our benefit matching process blah blah
blah blah the other one is um are you turning 65 you likely have um you if you you should have questions
about medicare um but it can be an absolute minefield to try and figure out the the good and the bad from
medicare and there's actually we found um after helping numbers of clients with with their medicare that
we found that there's four big mistakes that a lot of people make without even knowing and we've put
these into a guide that you can download and find out about more here and this is perfect for you that
if you're still not sure about which medicare is planned for you but you also you're on a bit of a
fact-finding mission etc etc etc and the guide is 100 free and there's no obligation like that you
just enter your details and we'll send it to you okay so both of them i'm going to be obviously
re-recording new youtube ads i mean obviously video two the second youtube ad version is doing
the best so i just pretty much do that same thing but then just change the ending um and then so the
call to action in that ad is like you know obviously the ones for the you know the four big mistakes um
the other one was just like hey if you need help finding a plan enter your information and i'll help
you out type thing right yeah and then you can have the video on the on the actual the thank you page
which you can still have the four steps underneath as well i'll see can you say let me see a pull up
the thank you page here so yeah yep you should check that out um while you're doing that you know
how i had the conversions incorrectly set up and google was starting to transition right um and so then
i set it up correctly do you think google self-corrected itself or do you think it's worthwhile just
completely doing a brand new campaign from start start scratch with everything set up correctly from the
beginning and running it that way or do you think it has self-corrected itself now that i've gotten
you know three conversions well it looks like it's self-corrected itself okay all right so why are you
you concerned that it hasn't i don't know i mean i feel like it could have um i mean you're you're getting
i mean it may be it may be better to set it up brand new again but i mean like the if this is
working now you're getting calls for like 60 which is within your cpa um let's see where this goes i
mean and you're valid and if you've verified that those conversions are actually in there in inside of
your account and did you verify them well then it's it would it would make sense that google has
corrected itself okay all right yeah i didn't know if they would do that that's uh pretty sweet but
okay um but didn't we didn't we change the conversion so didn't have to self-correct
um well i mean i made it so the conversions were being recorded correctly um so then so then there
was no need for them to self-correct well for a while there for to start it was the apt-in and those
conversions were set up correctly then i changed it and then for like three days and those conversions
were not correct because it was tracking just clicks as conversions um and then i changed it
back to make it good again and you know officially set up the conversions so that they ended up on the
thank you page um so for a while there for three days like i got like 40 clicks and they counted
30 clicks and they counted them all as conversions um so now they're not counting them as conversions now
they're not no so no now now it's now now now i'm confused so the tracking was set up correctly to
start with then when i changed it from going from an email wall you know i said that they just went to
straight to the vsl page the problem is that i still had the tracking on the vsl page so they were
thinking the conversions were the clicks over from the ad were all conversions then i switched that
and so now everything's correct at this point um and for a while there well while it was not good
well it was not correct you know i was just it was probably getting more people i think to be like
oh you you click over let's just find more people who click over from the ad you know versus people
who actually convert you know um yeah i'm i'd still now after hearing you explain it like that i mean
it probably probably probably would be a good idea to set up a new campaign fresh where you know
everything is right and you're not kind of hoping it is okay um yeah that's probably the best all right
so um do you think it's worthwhile remarketing a new video this is my other question do you think
it's worthwhile doing a remarketing video to the people who have watched over 30 seconds but haven't
like clicked you know is it worthwhile to hit them again with a different video they've watched how
many people how many people have watched the video the videos um i mean like of all time i mean if you
if you set up the um the four biggest mistakes um campaign as well then you could do a remarketing
video to to get those people to think but it's um i mean it's no harm i mean it's the the amount of
people that watch it is probably you're probably limited in the amount of people that watch it so the
amount of results you can get from it is probably limited um but the not worth it at this point yeah
it's probably not worth it at this point but maybe an option in the future all right um do you think
the landing page looks too basic too unprofessional too like it's too plain like do you think that these
old people want something that they trust more you know because there's kind of more skeptical on the
web and just throwing ideas out here um like no i don't think so because they like in terms of
trust you have the terms and conditions you have privacy policy you have a picture of um
renee the the url is secure so like that they're the main kind of things that would go off for me
okay um the so and you're getting submissions so that that would suggest that it's not a big deal
um okay um you don't think okay um do do do okay so do you let me just throw this out i i really like
the idea of setting up the two different youtube or two different google you know youtube campaigns
going to the two different things you know obviously and so basically take the video out at
this point would you and all the like i said the majority of the conversions came from either under
50 percent income or like 41 to 50 percent income so at this point would you just like boom take all
the top income out pretty much since that if not that doesn't generate any conversions um the top income
people they may like if you if you think about this strategically yep the top income people may have
like the financial advisors and stuff like that that they have already in place that may be able to
help them with this medicare stuff anyways that they would go to so i mean that would um that and if
all the conversions have come from the rest well then that would suggest that but with let's see how the
new campaigns go when you when they're set up correctly and if it's still the case then with
the initial conversions you get well then yeah we can we can maybe remove those people but
um for the time being i don't think that's necessary let's see how the new campaigns go
okay campaigns new landing pages start with the before you start with the four big mistake ones
start with the new campaign for the um for the people that it's not geared around them getting to
press play but it's geared around them finding that best medicare plan for you using the benefit
matching process just enter their details so it's like the page is going to be very very simple
are you turning 65 you should have questions about medicare um enter your details below
and find out how our benefit matching process gets you matched up with the right medicare plan for
you and then it's just take out the video and that's just a box and and a thank you page and
then on the thank you page you can i mean for the time being you don't have to put the video on there
but maybe eventually you'll put a slightly edited version of the video there so they can get an overview
of it ahead of being called okay okay um i like that i think that's a great one to start with i just
want to throw out another idea just to get see what you see chew this up for a little bit see what
you think do you think it would be worthwhile to have a talking head video of renee on the page like
a very short one being like hey just reiterating some points and then enter your details below
definitely we're testing against the the one that's there when once we get the new one there
yeah that's definitely worth testing it's definitely worth testing versus the one that's not okay
all right and then you at that point you would just be reiterating some of the points in the ad
or would you essentially yeah yeah all right and then just and you would say it's our benefit
matching process versus the benefit matching process um i'd probably go with that to be honest
because that means it's the the the only one or um kind of illustrates that there may be more than one
so there may be another benefit matching process so okay yeah all right so i'm gonna let shrag here go
in just a second but um i want to say this like obviously i have like roughly a month left with
you guys at this point if i you know decide what i want to do but at this point like roughly a month
um who knows what's going to happen with renee um and her dad and like how much she's going to be able
to deal with these calls like coming up i know in the next week we should be able to rerun some tests
um but my personal goal i want to push it as possibly hard as i can to try and get this um
psoriasis thing out um so right the funnel so you're about to go mad i'm about to go mad scientist
stay in the lab just push it out as literally hard as i possibly can and um so if you after shrag here
can we stick on the call i just need to get some i need your feedback on some stuff if that's okay
that's okay yeah okay thank you all right you're at shrag hey shrag
you're muted yeah hi my hi john how are you good buddy how are you fine how did um how did your big
deal your big deals go through the cricket stuff oh yeah yeah uh so yeah it's uh they're uh having
million things to do and i'm one of the priorities so it's taking slow but uh hopefully by middle of
october we should be done we just had a zoom call today for the uh for the contract stuff we signed
the thumb sheet so the commercials are done uh the nitty-gritty of the contracts and clauses is what
we are going through hopefully uh by worst case by end of october uh it should it should be uh done
knock on the wood so uh yeah i'm waiting for that waiting for that okay yeah good stuff man you know
cricket so nobody better than you to appreciate that well i i don't know very well i'm familiar
with cricket but um when you say there's a big big star in cricket i mean that that's huge yeah you
might not be playing but you at least know you you you have at least seen uh the game being played you
know uh people i mean teddy and todd uh i have to tell them that it's like baseball they have no idea
what's cricket yeah okay i'm gonna share uh i came up with the funnel for the coaches academy
uh which i'm gonna revise i just want your feedback on that i'm gonna share my screen for that
yeah okay okay can you see it right yeah that sounds pretty in depth i like it uh yeah man i mean
uh all these uh arrows and everything looks good but uh i hope that works okay i'm just gonna walk
you through and then uh you can critique me so right now this yellow things is not implemented yet
so i have the blue is my old funnel what i worked on in may and june before launching the product
uh and that worked uh reasonably well so i get facebook traffic here and then uh this is a facebook
ad creative so if i go there uh there is a i just put the link and everything so uh you can see
uh this is a ad uh creative uh speaking so just hit show ad see that hit the blue button there show
that so we know yeah okay so this yeah so yeah this is this was the exact creative and just bullet points
and uh call to action and you click here and it goes to uh it goes to this page uh webinar registration
page okay yeah and the webinar registration page again is in click funnel and uh it goes to this page
uh i had reviewed this page to you before so this is yeah uh you would just simple uh you just
register yourself i was having a good conversion over here uh and whatever people uh would put their
information the thank you page is again uh i was uh uh doing uh i was uh putting them in my facebook
group so uh so this is the thank you page uh there would be a small video of what to do next and
join the facebook group so i had like approximately 45 50 percent of the people joining the facebook group
so that was a nice conversion over there and uh so yeah one quick thing on this i'm sure this is just
a minor thing go back to the thank you page
so jump back to your time yeah so in the um on the page when you're going to edit this page
and where you have the video and the under the settings just turn off the um the show title
and everything else because then what can so like you if you had 40 to 50 percent people
um joining your group you're probably losing like 10 20 maybe even slightly more of people hitting
either the title or hitting the youtube and then going to youtube to watch this rather than watching
it on the page okay so they would click here and go to the youtube page that's what you're saying
yeah and you don't want that to happen you want to keep them on this page
okay so there is a setting in click funnel where i can disable the links yeah okay okay i didn't know
that i thought uh the youtube icon would be there regardless but yeah i'll check that setting a good
suggestion there okay so yeah so this is a thank you page uh and uh on the thank you page if they have
not registered for uh i mean my thank you uh email would tell them to uh register for uh thank you for
the registering for the webinar and there is a link uh of facebook group if they have not registered i
would again tell them to register on uh inside the email with the link so this is pretty much that it
and now i don't have a youtube uh ad yet that's why it's in yellow i don't have the retargeting thing
so this is a retargeting stuff uh which is so that also i don't have set it up but i'm thinking of
uh if somebody's landing on my click funnel page if i have a pixel and they don't register for my
uh webinar uh i can retarget them right yeah and it could be just as simple of you know some maybe
like someone hitting the like their watch saying don't forget to register or something like that
and then bring them have that just like hey you visited the page but you haven't registered uh don't
forget time is running out and then restate the the bullets of the event and then like the image
could be something simple it could be either a picture of you or picture of the coach if you
wanted to do it like custom otherwise it could just be like a stock image of someone tapping their
their their clock or something like that or their watch okay okay perfect so if that happens so they
they see that retargeting page if they don't uh register on the first time so i don't need to show
them the same ad creative they saw to go on that page right no need to uh i mean you could test that
one as well but um i mean like you could test that one or a different one just make sure that
the audiences are set up correctly so you're targeting people who have visited one page but
not visited another page i didn't get the last part so anyway you're setting up the retargeting
campaign you have to you have to specify who you're targeting so we'll you'll need to create the
audiences inside of facebook of people who have visited this page but not visited this page
oh okay okay i think they are just visiting this page only so if they are landing over here uh and
not but giving that details i want to show the retargeting page with with like time is running out
kind of image or exactly yeah only to those guys who are here but they uh have not given me that
information uh exactly yeah yeah okay and i can track that right uh that they have not gone
beyond this page yeah that's how you you have to set up the audiences inside of facebook so you set
up you inside your facebook ads manager you create the audiences and then when you're creating the
retargeting campaign you choose that audience as you're only targeting okay so the people who have
seen thank you page i don't need to show them i just need to show them the people who have
not seen exactly yeah so when you're setting up the audience you're you'll choose you it's very easy
to set up the audience you just choose people who visited this page which is the registration page
but exclude people who have visited this page and that's your thank you page because you want to
exclude anyone that's visited your thank you page okay okay perfect so yeah so i think this retargeting
idea i think is is a good idea uh as you're saying because uh if let's say i'm getting uh 20 percent of
the people for example giving me the details i i i might expect another five percent out of the
retargeting uh hammering right now we don't know exactly how many but you'll definitely get you know
you'll definitely get a certain percentage okay okay and then 50 percent goes to my facebook group
and then whatsapp is big in india so email i mean everybody sees the whatsapp message there is uh i mean
no doubt about that so email they might open they might lose in the junk box but whatsapp is like
everybody uh would at least check so when this you see this icon of sms it's really the whatsapp
message so uh so i'm so immediately i i send them a thank you for registration message then after
a few days three days is not the exact number but after let's say 24 24 hours before
the webinar i'm gonna send them one email plus whatsapp message and then uh before uh one
before one hour of the uh before one hour of the webinar i'm gonna send them another whatsapp message
because this is the most important message uh that uh that by the time they register and when the real
live webinar there might be three four days depends on when they register so i really want to make sure
that they get this one hour reminder message and we generally hold it after office hours like 7 pm or
something like that so these professionals can join and uh this we send them a zoom link on whatsapp and
also on the email and then uh this is a live webinar uh where uh where like my coaches and myself we
really walk them through the powerpoint presentation and uh after uh so generally we would get like 50
60 guys on live webinar most of them they stay at the end and out of those like around 10 to 11 people
fill the application and they schedule the calendar through calendly and uh that's what was happening so
far so as soon as they schedule it i'm at present i'm not doing this warm-up one warm-up two so i'm not
like warming up them before uh the live call right now i'm not not i never did that in the last campaign
this time i want to send them some small video what is important of good mentor you should learn from
the best uh this is a very low price of this german coach he would charge maybe 3 000 euro but you are
getting it for 500 euro because it's india uh we understand uh price this thing blah blah blah so i'm gonna
uh put them in some frame of mind before they really come on the call so that's a good idea
right because i i was not doing that so far it is good yeah okay and then this is our real call
and this in this call we try to sell them basically but uh mostly uh they were not giving us the money
immediately so in this new campaign we are gonna sell the low ticket item like one tenth of the price
which is a mini class and after three four session of mini class once the trust establishes we are
gonna sell the bigger program so here i am assuming there should not be much problem of selling them
uh low ticket item right on phone where they can transfer us money or give us a credit card
another option would be uh maybe uh once they uh i'm because in this uh webinar live webinar
presentation i'm gonna disclose the price which i was not disclosing earlier because this is going
to be very low ticket item i'm going to disclose the price and whoever uh applies on application page
and schedules the call before the live call uh i mean a sales call i'm going to send them email or message
with the link where they can pay it's a small money so uh do you think i should send them that payment
link or i should just wait for the main call uh don't send them to payment like ahead of time like
like they just if you're going doing a call keep the payment link until the call okay okay so i'm gonna
i'm gonna test uh uh two funnels one no real call just send them a payment link it's a very small amount
where i can get some confirmation money and after the first class you can give so let's say if i'm
charging 100 i'm gonna ask them to pay 20 right now and then 50 if you like the class at the end of
first or second class so that's very good yeah yeah so no brainer so in that case i'm not gonna
do the sales call i i want them to that makes sense check out the 20 and if i'm gonna do the sales call
then uh in what you are suggesting is i should not send them a payment link in advance right if you're
doing the sales call don't send them the payment link because it defeats the purpose of the sales call
then got it okay okay so i i'll test both the one webinar i'll have them go through the sales call
even though it's a hundred dollar and another webinar i'm gonna have them sell the hundred
dollar product but you pay 20 right now after two sessions of andreas lange one of the top strength
and conditioning coach after his class if you find it was valuable you pay rest of the eighty dollar
or we refund you 20 that's okay right that sounds good right yeah okay okay and then uh uh yeah this
this was uh so then we never followed up so this brownish icons are uh i plan to do but we didn't do
before so this is like what was there and what i wish to do so any other elements you want to add or
critique or i should just test test what what is designed here i think they what you have there
is more than enough to be honest okay okay yeah and then uh twenty dollar uh is what i'm gonna sell
uh four hundred dollar uh real price and then uh the eight hundred dollar product i will sell at the end
of the four session or three session okay okay sounds good man uh i'll share the results uh we are gonna
start this in maybe uh next uh couple of weeks after a couple of weeks uh our i i hired one copywriter
on project base so he's gonna write all the emails i wrote everything and my english is not the first
language so i'm gonna try uh much more professionally this time uh with the with the presentation and uh some
copywriting stuff and everything cool well um this this looks um really robust and i'm excited to see how
the new the new test pair in terms of um the diversion where you're sending the payment link
and with the deposit and the version where you're doing the calls i think i'm based on you had no
problem getting leads you had no problem getting um getting people showing up for the webinars last
time you had no problem getting book calls so let's see how the the new options pan out in terms
of getting sales as well so that's that's that's cool yeah yeah yeah that should be interesting uh if i can
do this without sales call i think i can scale up a lot i can scale up a lot then i can just bombard
i can afford to lose money on this hundred dollar because my real sale is the back end which is
yeah so so and then i can just put more money in the traffic so yeah that should be interesting
okay okay well okay when are they launching uh i'm gonna launch in uh next two weeks because we are
coming up with a new presentation the copywriting and everything and uh yeah you're that again that
your cash pop campaign man i i want to achieve the stage where i have a team and in 10 15 days i can
create such campaigns that's my next goal for 2022 i i want to
good stuff okay so we have a copy we have a copywriting webinar uh in the next couple of days
right um yeah in the i can't i can't can't remember the schedule off top of my head but yeah it's um
should be coming up in the next year so yeah is that the one with todd um i just got an email on
that it's like the uh 25th 25th and 20th yeah 25th right do we get access to that right um as far
as i'm sure depending on um what level of coaching you're at and i'm i have to double check if you
reach out to michael michael should be able to tell you because since i switched over to the um
to the the the agency full-time now um i'll have to i'm not too sure but if you check with michael he
should be able to sort it up okay i go with no okay all right cool thanks john yeah no problem
cheers cheers so your sororities offer um josh what's what's what's the questions you have
all right so before we get that one other question i had the copywriting course was a question but the
other one was um i was watching the training um because you gave me some initial advice on on some
of this a long time ago like going to clickbank and all that stuff um but like i was watching some
training and you said like part of this coaching like we get access to todd's internal marketing
training the internal uh traffic training well no like like like the the training he does with his
team i thought that we get access to that or something like some of those like yeah so that's
a that's a weekly that's a that's a weekly trend training that todd does with the marketing team
and then afterwards the recordings are set out sent out to whoever is a part of that training
so people to some people that are paying monthly for that but as part of coaching you should be
getting access to that yes okay so i don't know if i've seen that or if it's i guess i could check
in my portal but if it's not then i guess i just reach out to support or michael or yeah reach out
to support and let them know that you're a coaching student and you should be getting access to the
internal copy calls every week and they'll add you to them okay cool all right my friend man i i this
month last month is coming up who knows what i'll do in the future i mean obviously i want to
feel like i can do this on my own i mean i've gotten six months of coaching from you five five
months of coaching from todd beforehand and like you know um actually more than six months with you
now but like it's been an amazing journey um but man i just you know i want to make something work
you know um i want to make something hit obviously and like obviously i know it's a process and i knew
from the beginning like only even among pros only like two out of ten funnels hit you know what i mean
it's hard you know it's even when you know what you're doing it's just like but like so part of
the questions with my psoriasis funnel is like all right it's like a passion of mine obviously um and
i'm working with my dad obviously helping him and renee do the medicare thing and um you know we tried
the profit optimization thing but the psoriasis thing is going to be my thing and so like um with that like
like obviously we've got the we've got the clickbank and so like just to kind of recap from last time
you said they're going clickbank find the you know gravity score find the top one that's top one or two
um go through their funnel buy their products like maybe just the initial one and then maybe the just
see what they have as an upsell you know you don't have to buy it i think that's what you said but just
buy the first one um and so like okay so i can put my product up on click font or on clickbank
and i know that some people might use that right and i know that maybe i'll get like an affiliate
commission without running ads to that i have no idea what to expect but i'm guessing it's not going
to be that much money maybe like what 100 or 200 bucks a month something like that right well it
really depends on on the the volume of people that are looking for the solution that you're providing
to be to be fair and if you think about like i would also dig into search volume on uh terms
related to people looking for a solution to psoriasis so like things like psoriasis cure um
um like obviously psoriasis cure is people that are right at the top they know that they have
psoriasis and they know that they they need um a cure to psoriasis so they're the kind of the the
hottest people um but then there may be people that are searching things like you know um skin
conditioned cure and things like that as well so do some research on the keyword search volume around
the solution that you have and then because like because you're introducing a new way to cure psoriasis
as in a new and different way based on what you've done based on the guy that you worked with and based
on the the his methods for helping you get over it and everything else it's essentially
um i would without looking at the market myself without seeing the market you know we have it's
there there will be other people selling psoriasis cure without a shadow of a doubt whether they're
selling it in a pill a potion a nutrition thing or whatever the case is there are other people selling
it but then so like when someone is searching for yours for searching for the solution because you
genuinely have a new and different way to cure psoriasis as long as that new and different way like as
as long as you can illustrate your unique mechanism approve why your unique mechanism works and works
superior to others um you're just essentially saying something like cure your psoriasis with the xyz method
and then like that's that's essentially what you're doing so it's like well it's no longer just um
you know how to cure psoriasis because there's probably lots of people have met that claim
it's more how to cure psoriasis how the the new and different way to cure psoriasis using the xyz method
that would be that that will pique people's curiosity enough to go over and find out what
is the xyz method that's where you can go into your e5 campaign your argument portion and so on and
so forth and then introduce an offer that's just like a no-brainer offer them to get started and
without seeing a whole lot of the market i mean let's pull it like let's spend a couple of minutes here
we'll just pull up google and i'll probably i'll probably spell psoriasis really p-s-o-r-i-a-s-i-s
it's google has felt it for me so it's okay so psoriasis cure
now if i share my screen with you here and just show you a little bit if i was doing a little bit
research obviously it's always best to go through as much research as possible and like the i know
michael is part of the coaching i don't know if you've seen it but in the portal they've done
step-by-step processes for doing your prospect awareness for doing your your competition
analysis and everything else and just go through those and follow those but do it for this yeah
and but like say if i was putting prices cure these are some keywords that we could potentially be
targeting and but also are we talking the youtube ads are we talking just like i'm clickbank here
no what i'm looking at here is i'm just looking at what like i'm going to search here
psoriasis cure 2021 i'm looking to see what ads i'm seeing here as well so not just on clickbank
so see this um um no is yours price i don't know what this is this is a skin care for psoriasis
met in denmark um so are you filling out this one so this is just a skin test from this company
they're doing a skin test um so this i would go through this person's one and see what they're
doing and see what they're offering whether it's a cream whether it's a a program or whatever it is
is so i'd mark down this one because they're advertising and then we have ads on them
see all these different ads these are all for products on facebook so if i click this uh 10
powerful steps to clear psoriasis this brings me to an amazon i check the reviews go to review reviews
what they're seeing the good the bad the okay if we look at the um step one i was just pointed
especially their price focus 65 pages and written in very large font more of a pamphlet
uh three well-known sources diet authors so there's one one-star one look at the three-star
one and what we're looking for is um essentially looking for well it's only showing two reviews
here for some reason but like i'm going through the process of doing research to see what else is out
there seeing how they're presenting it um and so on and so forth and then like when i'm like your
offer what is your offer going to be at the end of the day well see that's uh that's where we when i
initially asked you about it you're like okay model what they're doing on clickbank so models
yeah so did you did you look at clickbank i it was a while ago um i just have made the decision
just recently to get going on the psoriasis funnel so i have not but i'm going to i'll if we talk about
this on monday i'll be ready to go with everything i mean i have in the past looked at it but i haven't
like bought the products yet okay let me just think i might have my future motor loads log in
here so i should be able to log in i can't tell you how thankful i am that you're doing this because
this could be my future i need a future we all need futures i know um let me see i'm going to go to
marketplace um on products search psoriasis um yeast infection reverse here
or you can even do gut health that's the last time you had recommended possibly just doing that
and modeling what they had um did the good health one is that is the one that my mother-in-law has
right a future mother-in-law um but i'm just thinking yeah so i say like say skin
so it doesn't seem to be any psoriasis offers on clickbank which is strange what about eczema
yeah how to spell that um um east e c as in cat z as in zulu ema
i don't know why my uh conversions aren't shown or that the search results aren't shown the right way
scabies relief um let's just see
leaky gut cure i mean essentially that is really like the one above that leaky gut cure is like
essentially the bone of um that is the one where it's like or that is essentially kind of part of
the solution is like curing your leaky gut
well i'll show you here what is the url um
is your mother-in-law's
is that right
so this is yeah so this is it here so
so what is exactly like your blah blah blah did you want to fix your body
you put this all together for her yep nice okay so she did decide to go live with it so you must
have been working on this recently i don't know this went live about two years ago this is about
two years old okay um what is she is she doing decently on this i mean she doesn't she doesn't
promote it i mean it's on clickbank she gets affiliate sales on clickbank but she doesn't reach
out to new affiliates asking them to promote it so because she's so busy with her own practice that
she just doesn't have time to focus on this and when she did reach out to affiliates like the
affiliates were promoting it and um the like it was doing extremely well now she still gets
sales um i would say sporadically and she'd get a few sales every week without doing anything
so like once you have it there and on clickbank if you you can obviously promote it yourself through
paid ads which is something that um i i would love her to do but she doesn't have the capacity to do
right now in terms of she unless someone was going to run the ads for her she wouldn't be
um interested in doing it she wouldn't do it herself see and then what she holds yeah
no i'm too busy doing i'm too busy to my uh i'm doing what i'm doing to even to consider that i mean
and she'd probably have to add in a couple of upsells in there as well to make it profitable
um because at the minute it's just this it's just a 37 offer and no other offers okay
okay um so like they um there's that and then there is like the she when she was reaching out
to affiliates a few good few affiliates promoted and like it was bringing in like decent decent
money when she was doing it but she didn't put the foot she stopped focusing on that because again
her practice got super busy and everything else but yeah so once you have it on clickbank you have
two options you can do the affiliate play and reach out to affiliate partners and get them to promote
it and they get commission um but then the other option is obviously running paid traffic to it and then
to go with the paid traffic is to make sure that you can make it profitable and making it profitable
is probably going to come with you know a bump and at least one upsell possibly two depending but
i'd say in this space um because it's mass market probably should be okay with getting it profitable with
the main offer around that 37 to 47 price point a bump offer of maybe around 27 and then maybe an
upsell of around 97 or something like that and i say you should be with an average order value
of you know you should be looking at an average order value possibly in around 100 plus and then
you should be able to make that profitable with uh with paid traffic how profitable do you think i'm
just thinking one of my questions it really depends on how like say this was converting at
and like if i remember correctly this converts at about five to six percent okay and with with no
optimization i never optimize it this once so like i never and it does need optimization i mean
some of the stuff now i'm looking at it now and i'm like oh i definitely i would definitely change
that and everything else like but with no optimization this is converting it around i think it was about
five percent so if you think if it's converting at five percent so that's one out of twenty people are
buying if i'm getting cost per click for one dollar it's costing me 20 20 for a 37 sale so that's like
that's roughly like 45 profit now but am i going to get clicks for one dollar long term no media term
short targeting you might so that's why you need a bump and that's why you need a a you know a couple
of extra offers in there to make it profitable because ideally like you want to be able to spend a lot
more than one one dollar per click so like say you want to say we come to be able to spend two
three possibly even four dollars per click and still make a profit so the the amount of profit
is determined by how much it's costing you to make that sale and that that's a factor of how
much it's costing you to get people to the page and then how many of people out of a hundred are
visiting the page actually convert so then you have your conversion rate and then it's like what's your
average order value in comparison to that so say for argument's sake it was costing you
um say it's costing you 50 to make a sale and you want to make uh you want to make a 300 return on
our way so then you have to make your average order value has to be 150 yeah so then what you need to do
to have this offer at 150 now this main offer i think if i remember correctly is 37 so in order to get
my aov to 150 i would definitely need without a shadow of a doubt a bump that's converting quite
high and at least one upsell that at a high um a high um price point that converts decent as well
in order to get my aov to to 150 in this scenario okay all right so i mean i can think of some ideas
obviously um but your goal initially is to get a front end offer that converts i mean and then like
then you can you can add in a bump and you can add an upsell afterwards but the main the initial goal
will be to get the front end offer converts because if the front end doesn't convert there's no point
adding in an upsell like i'd love if if if laura here would would add in a bump and would add in a
an upsell whether that would be a consultation a paid consultation or whatever the case is it could
be something as simple as that yeah and then then we could spend a lot of money on paid traffic to
to get converted now this may not be facebook compliant because i'm making some fairly big
claims at the very very top which is claim heavy which is something i may address yeah um you know
that eliminating food allergies constipation leaky gut cellulite brain fog and pms in a 21 days that's
that's a and to you know effortlessly remove 12 pounds of stubborn bulging fat i mean that's um
that's a big claim so yeah that facebook wouldn't necessarily like that but but um there are other
options obviously but so yeah bottom line going back to your original question and like it really
boils down to how profitable how how effective you are getting the right people to the to the page
how well they convert into customers and then how much those customers are worth to you and you'd start
on youtube or facebook um it depends where they it really depends on the on the the search volume
results when i do if you were to do the research if there's like tons of search volume on google and
and on things like youtube well then i'd probably start on google and youtube okay all right i just
feel like it'd be easier with youtube because you don't have to mess with the compliance you know it
just feels like such a nightmare but you probably could get cheaper cost per click on facebook well
again we don't we wouldn't really know until we until you get going the main thing is to have a
and a solution that absolutely works yep and to package that solution in an offer that's just an
absolute no-brainer for people and then like a at a price point that's going to allow you to scale
okay and i mean if you do that like let's say so you said if i make um go back to your your 150
dollar thing if i if i average order value of 150 dollars what did you say the profit would be if i spent
um you said like 15 percent you sell well if you know if it costs you 50 to to get a customer but
that customer is worth 150 dollars i mean that's a 300 percent or away well then you're making 100
bucks per i mean if i yeah yeah because i remember that's probably that's probably yeah that's way on
the high side i mean like i'd be happy like say if you're doing at a 37 price point i mean if you're
putting a dollar in and getting two dollars out i mean that's that's winning yeah i mean if you could
easily become like you could make what like 100 or 200 grand in a year right doing oh yeah in that
space because it's such a well depending on the amount of people that are suffering from psoriasis
in the world two two percent in the world are suffering two percent of what eight billion that's
that's a lot of people yeah i mean that could be worth a lot right if i could get this going that's
that's what i'm thinking potential wise like because i can take this worldwide you know and
obviously english eventually yeah get it working in the english speaking world first and then
obviously there's options to get translators to run it in different languages and blah blah blah and
yeah right so would you say that like you'd spend all of your focus trying to get ads to convert would
you spend any time trying to get affiliates to promote it and get able to have like so much easier to get
affiliates to promote it when you can say if you send a hundred people here you're guaranteed to make
x amount of sales and x amount of money because they want to say it's going to affiliates oh i've
got this brand new offer completely untested i don't know if it's going to work do you want to
promote it they'll be like no come back to me when you have some stats but if you have some stats and
you can say unless it doesn't have to be a lot of stats if we say this offer converts it five percent
it has an aov of a hundred dollars and an epc and earnings per click of
say four dollars so that means for every click i send i'm going to earn four dollars
well then how many clicks do i want to send well as many as i can that's going to that's less than
four dollars or if i have my own list if i have a list of a hundred thousand people in the health
space and you know maybe on average ten percent of them are suffering from skin problems well then i
know i can send my hundred thousand people to your page and get maybe get ten ten thousand of them to
visit and out of those ten thousand i might convert five percent of them and that gives me
what that gives me like 500 sales at an average ep average order value and then they get a commission
you get a commission right and you would do all the affiliate stuff through clickbank you wouldn't
say it's all done through click yeah it's all done through and clickbank handles it automatically
all you need to do is give them a link and then they promote that link and then they get paid you get paid
okay and as part of your funnel would you recommend you'd say doing the bump and the upsell maybe a
second upsell but would you recommend doing an affiliate offer of someone else with like a
supplement because like obviously supplements are a part of this whole regimen later later okay yeah
once i have my offer running well then i would probably approach a supplement company and and say
look i have this offer that's generating customers at um you know we generate x amount customers every
single week they're perfect for your supplement offer um how can we partner and get your supplement
in front of my customers and then that's either that they'll pay you for every customer you send
them and then you can have on your thank you page a link to their supplementable purchase or you may um
you may maybe some sort of a some other sort of a deal where you know you're you're promoting it to
them rather than sending them sending people to them so you're doing like your own promotions and stuff
like that but i wouldn't necessarily do that until you have like a bank of customers there's no need
there's no need to focus on the back end until you have your front end working right right okay and um
i mean i'm thinking it could take like two or three thousand dollars worth of testing right to
probably get this to figure out like if this converting something like that um i mean like
from an mbf point of view yeah we can get initial data for in a couple of hundred clicks which
will probably cost a a at the most a few hundred dollars but to really test it properly you're
probably looking at yeah i mean to to you're probably looking at around that yeah yeah okay
um just like at the end of the day it all comes down to the offer and like how i know how good the
offer is and how quickly will it get the result and what are the components of the offer and everything
else so is this going to be like initially you're going to be doing up like a a like what's essentially
going to be a guide to psoriasis at dubai i don't know what i should do honestly here's
the thing is like it's based off of like when you did this google search one of those like little
books uh one of those like items on the right hand side of your screen was the book that is the book
from the guy um okay but but that's funny enough is like that book it's not just from that book i mean
there's a there's the father of holistic healing called edgar casey like he is like the like the
designated father um he he like if you are interested in this it's just a crazy story
apparently he was getting visions from an angel about like certain things like to do and not to
do like he was saying like he had some revelations about like toxicity and the blood and leaky gut like
before any of this stuff was ever discussed he's like from like the early century um and so like
anyway it's not just from the one book it's from him and it's from some other people too but like um
so like obviously i can compile everything into a guide but living this lifestyle like my wife and
i have learned how to make amazing good food by substituting all this all the right type of
ingredients so she's come up with like this cookbook um so we have that so we could do
cookbook videos we could do i could do a whole guide of like you have like you have the makings of like
you know that the cookbook could be the initial one so it might be the psoriasis um psoriasis cookbook
whatever or the psoriasis solution or something like that and then it's it's um like if you think about
the um years ago when i was in the still in the fitness space years and years ago i had the idea of
you know in the us there's the book eat this not that so it's like a you're going to your restaurant
instead of ordering the pepperoni pizza or or you can get a pizza but order this way so like if you
have a substitution type thing it's something similar to that and that would be a you know
that may be the core offer that may be a perfect bump offer so it's like a you know get the psoriasis
solution and then the bump um order the psoriasis solution cookbook which contains 56 delicious
recipes blah blah blah blah blah only a dish only another 27 on your order whatever the case is
that you know that makes sense like that way so but um otherwise you decide you know and like
tip compiling everything because there's just so much information people just don't want to read it
all you know they just want us do they want just a simple guide would that be enough well i mean that's
essentially what for jess's mom's offer that's essentially what the uh the healthy good plan is it's like
it's a guide covering it but then there's a six-week plan to follow so it's a six-week it's
a six-week plan that you can follow well it's there's a 21 day plan and there's a six-week plan
so like when you're giving them a guide but it's really a plan to follow so part of it will be a
guide of the you know the how you discover this blah blah blah the main kind of points of it and then
here's your action guide so there's like a six-week plan week one day one day all the way to seven
whatever and then week two and then like it's mapped out so then they can see when someone's buying this
they can see oh this is a 21 day plan i'm buying i'm not just buying a guide i'm buying a 21 day plan
or the or a 30 day plan or however long the plan needs to be as long as it needs to be in terms that
they can get um some initial results maybe not the complete end result because it's going to be like
a lifestyle change possibly yeah but they can get some initial results to to start to cure their psoriasis
start to cure their exam and everything else okay and so you would say do that probably is like the
thing now because otherwise i can go on clickbank see what other people have done for like the gut
health space buy their products and see what their product is and their upsell is and i could model that
but you're just saying maybe i still will do that but you're saying like um regardless of what you like
what you need to do is do like full on and this is all covered in the inside of the how to do this
is covered inside of the coaches portal full training on how to do it is like go through a
full competitor competitor analysis just see what other people are doing and when you find people that
are like specifically in the psoriasis space that are selling information products so you're not
necessarily going to buy uh skin treatments if there's skin treatments out there like in the information
marketing space if there's people selling information around psoriasis tures for rice
psoriasis exam and everything else then you can funnel hack those people and actually go through and
buy their stuff and just see what they're what they're doing and then like and when what you're
looking for is similarities on price points what kind of offers are they offering as upsells and
everything else that gives you an idea what you can model so then when you are creating your own
offer and funnel you don't have to reinvent the wheel like when i when i put together the one
with jess's man for the for the good plan like we like the reason why we went for what we went with
is because that similar people were offering similar things now obviously ours hers was different
because hers was her unique take on it but like they it was like they were offering an initial guide
they had a couple different bonuses on x y and z it's what i found with a lot of them was they
weren't offering an exercise element so we added an exercise bonus to have that covered there could
be an objection of well what if i what do i need to do no from an exercise point of view as well so
i covered that with a bonus it was like well to help you with exercise as well here's a simple
21 day plan that you can follow along with the healthy gut plan so so like it's it is important to
cover the competitive analysis and then from there like put together your offer and keep your offer
like the offer can be like it has to be a really good offer whether it's like and with it like a
a unique angle and a strong name like the psoriasis solution or something like that
and the components of the offer have to actually help them get the result and then like your bump
offer or your upsell offer is to help them get that result quicker or to help them make it easier for
them to get it and so on and so forth right okay so i mean you know there's a huge need like two percent
of the world has psoriasis two percent has eczema and two percent has acne bad acne on their face and
stuff and it's literally essentially all the same solution because it's just the way that your body
chooses to you know um show the information yeah okay and so obviously there's a humongous market
out there there's a lot of people suffering out there from psoriasis and a lot of people are just
like okay and we take the drugs but like i told you before a lot of drugs don't work so people are
trying to this drug then they go to this drug then they go to this drug and maybe it only works like
60 to 70 percent like a lot of these drugs do not work over 80 so before you wonder is your solution
like no drugs no drugs zero that's like that's um that that's a big focus of your things or like
how you can cure psoriasis using the xyz method without using drugs pills potions powders or gimmicks
yeah that type of an angle yeah oh yeah for sure 100 now it's going to require work and it does require
like buying some things so people do need to have a little bit of money and they do need to have a
little bit of extra time because if you're trying if you're like on the go like working hardcore
like you just need time to prep your food because you as you know like with the gut health space and
your in your mom and you know jess maybe she knows some about it too like it's about your diet it's
literally about like the food that you eat you know what i mean and so that's as simple as it's
not that complex it's really simple but like um you do need to have time and you need to have some
money to do it like you can't just be like buying like the cheapest mcdonald's all the time and
expect these results you know that's not part of it um so that being said though just to and i know
we're running over time and i can't tell you how thankful i am a few but like i want to let you go
soon but just like for me like i kind of want to go after this if i can make millions like if you're
in my shoes in like like you know the need is out there in the world we can start with the us and we
can go beyond and we could go to eczema and we could go to acne but like if we can make this
convert just like with what you've seen with like todd's people and like other people in the e5 like
with maybe similar products that have made it that have made it successful do you think it's possible
that like i could become a millionaire off of just this one product essentially and or would i need to
like get people on my list and then develop another product later you know what i mean or could i
just i mean like the if the and again i know you said there's two percent of the population suffering
from this but the like if they're out of those two percent of the population worldwide that are
suffering from this if they're actively looking for solutions which i based on the few the couple of
minutes of research we did there it looks like that there there's definitely a volume of searches
there we have to i'd like you to dig in to see exactly what that search volume is and if it's okay
if we can cost effectively reach those people with a solution that's going to help them genuinely
and like i know there's going to be some people that won't do because they're not willing to put
into work and that that that that doesn't matter but if there's if it can help them i don't see why
you can't make a lot of money with this if you can make the economics of the um the actual mechanics
of it work if you're going to be running paid traffic i mean it has to be um but it's a mass market
offer without a shadow of a doubt it is a mass market offer and now am i going to say you'll
become a millionaire with one product um i don't think it'll be with just one product but the with
one funnel um i think you reckon you can generate a lot of money i i'm not going to say you'll become
a millionaire because i we don't know but um i think you can absolutely with an offer like this mass
market you can you can make a lot of money when it's done right because like that one guitar student
that todd had like jared which is crazy enough he is like 20 minutes he lives 20 minutes away from me
that jared guy the guitar guy yeah i mean he like and he went through the process of creating many
different offers many different things and and like hit speed bump after speed bump after speed
bump after speed bump and then he um yeah he oh yeah he like he he like he had lots of different
offers and lots of different um niches and finally came across follow this which was his you know his
passion if you want to call it and he he has two products so he has his front-end offer and he had
a i think it was either a bump or an upsell yeah and he could make that work from a traffic point of
view and that's how he's made he's made all the money yeah yeah go ahead he initially made
like his first big milestone was a thousand a day and then he made like 300 000 and then we did an
interview with him and he's since he's since gone over a million mark with just those two offers and that's
like two years or maybe just a little bit over two years of running traffic right yeah just um
just a little over two years yeah now what he's doing he's he's added he started to add in some
some extra products in the back end now as well so he's um he's looking to to do even more right so
but i mean what is his offer what 49 bucks and then he had a 19 bump or something like that
something like that yeah something like that but like his target market was worship pastors i mean like
i know there's more people who are suffering psoriasis than there are worship pastors
you know what i mean yeah his target market was um i don't know if it was worship pastors but it was
definitely in worship band or people people who are in the you know in the in the christian space
who want to learn how to play guitar and play those gospel songs and stuff like that so that was his
issue okay it's got to be roughly the same right and like i feel like i could even have a higher
average order value than him because you can't have over if you're if your bump is only 19 and
your main core offer is 49 like you can't be you know your your maybe average order value is what 60
or something like that maybe you know or you know 55 or something like that you know um yeah i mean like
and it all like he could obviously cost effectively reach those people and do it at scale so that's the
key as well but like you have a couple of things to your advantage um which is the the fact it's a
mass market offer and which means you can you can reach a lot more people a lot more cost effectively
than if you're targeting say uh real estate investors in a small state in and they have to be aged between
45 and 52 like that's a very small market it can be very it's not you won't be able to scale that
market because it's just very very small but you're you're on a mass market offer so with the
right offer and with the right economics of your funnel there's no reason why you can't scale no
yeah right that's what i'm thinking and like you know as well as i do autoimmune diseases are growing
faster and larger so i mean like i wouldn't even doubt if it's more than two percent at this point
maybe it's even three or four percent you know yeah so cool man wow okay so i'm gonna get i'm
gonna get cracking on this um let's see what i got by monday um but if you have if you have
stuff by monday i mean that that's that's that's going to go on man dude if i come out with the
whole funnel and products by monday i'd no i'm just kidding there's no way that would happen but
um i'm gonna get to it i only got a month or a little bit left you know i gotta make the most
out of it while i can and then i'd love to just see if go get into work if we need to put a little
bit more time into it maybe i'm willing to like go a little bit longer with you um obviously it's like i
want to feel like i can do this on my own but like obviously i want top-notch help too but you
know we'll just see what well yeah let's see how like focus on the um doing the competitor analysis
and the prospect of the awareness analysis and everything else if you do that because that
really like that the research is the most unsexiest part but it's the most important part i mean like
if you because if you get the audience wrong and what they're if we think that they're looking for x when
they're really looking for y and if we think that they're buying x but they're really buying y
and we put out x when they really want y and we're targeting x when we really should be targeting y
um it'll never work so like that's the most important part but it's people that just think
ah it's research i know what they want they want x and that's based on now the good thing about you is
you are your customer you were your customer and you're living you're the you're the living um
um end result of being your customer so you have the advantage of being able to
tap into the before and after in a way that other people can't so that that's um that that's really
strong so keep that in your mind but also when you're doing that don't be biased towards your
own way of thinking as well because you don't want a confirmation bias to set in either just because
you did it this way um so that's why the research is important as well so do that and then we can we
can talk a little bit more about it on one day cool man hey how you you seem like you you're
pretty young here are you like i'm 30 i'm gonna be 37 here are you older than that are you younger
i am 37 i'll be 38 in general 37 oh my gosh dude when how did you spend all this time becoming this
like who you are like i just like i mean i blow myself away but like you blow me away like way more
like how you just spent years going to town man you must have just been like yeah just a just a
student of of this game like since you were what 20 i mean like must have been a long time ago dude
like um like last six years really myself probably last what are we 2021 the probably the last 10 years
or so 10 years unless that's when they're kind of the initial stuff started but then really the last
last like hardcore last eight years or so wow how many hours do you do like pump it like hardcore
you like 50 a week i mean like a the when when you're doing it's more kind of like yeah i mean
obviously work hard um but it's like the to build up the experience and stuff like that it really is
about just like like it's not the sexiest thing to say but it's really about making tons of mistakes
learning from the mistakes and learning what's worked what didn't work but also working from a
bank of knowledge either bank of knowledge that you build up yourself or working from like others
who are willing to share their knowledge like this coaching program like investing in resources and
stuff like that and it's like implementing that seeing seeing what works and what hadn't worked and
and constantly doing that and then constantly you know being willing to to step up to the bat and take a shot
yeah you find ones like i've had so many campaigns that fell so flat on their face i mean my initial
the first ever i'll tell this two-minute story and i have to go after prep for another meeting
my first ever info product i ever launched ever was um when i went into the fitness space and when i
started my first business it was in the fitness space and i started to realize that i was really
passionate about digital marketing and direct response marketing online and stuff like that and i wanted
to launch my own digital product and so i launched this it was called our brains your fitness so it's
basically i pulled together i think it was like 15 of the the biggest fitness guys and in the in the
space at the time so nobody had ever done it and um so put together like all the all these guys that i
was buying buying fitness information products from guys like superstars in the space like you know you'd have
um brad pilon eat stop eat john romanero all these like superstars i pulled them all together i interviewed
them and i put it into a an information product interviewed him one at a time on like it was
specific to intermittent fasting before intermittent fasting was a thing and i launched it as an
information product but the big mistake i made was i thought it was going to be i thought it was like
oh this thing is worth this thing is worth thousands so i'm going to sell it for 297 dollars and i tried to sell it
at 297 and it just felt completely flat in its face but if i sold it at something like if i had
done the amount of research around the pricing of similar products at the time and sold it at
anywhere from 27 to 47 dollars i would have made an absolute killing but i didn't i was just blind to my
own this is worth millions this is worth thousands so i'm going to set it very very high and blah blah blah
and then it didn't like the the copy and i'll see if i can pull up an old archive link to the sales page
but like the copy was amazing and like it was dated back then it wouldn't be as amazing as it
as it would be today say but back then it was very very strong um but then when i tried to promote it
um nobody would buy it it was just the price was way too high podcasts started to become really really
popular as well at the time so those type of offers started to die off somewhat because why would
you buy an interview when you can just listen to an interview and trying to buy one for 297 dollars it
was just like um that was the one mistake but then like you learn from that and then you go on
to the next one and then i transitioned out of the fitness then at that stage so i kind of that's just
been sitting on the shelf and never got promoted again for the for the life of what it was like
going through the whole experience was just that that failure just sets you up for the next one and
the next one it makes it so much easier to to to step back up and take another swing yeah yeah no doubt
and you gotta you gotta keep taking swings like it's really it's really easy to be like you know
what man i suck or like this is way too hard or like you know like man not too many people fail or
i'm gonna run out of money you know what i mean yeah like these days and todd will say this as well i
mean the two most important things these days are because it's so easy to reach your audience seasons
it is really so easy with the likes of facebook google youtube instagram and everything else you can reach
your audience very easily so like that's no longer an advantage so the two most important things
these days are the offer and can you make the offer work economically from an economics point
of view of paid traffic so can you can you get profit out of your funnel or is it going to cost
you more to get people to it then it's going to make it and if you can make it work economically you've
got a and part of being able to make it work economically is by having a crazy good offer
um well then like you're off to the races but those two things are the things that i would focus on the
most is the like coming up with an offer that's just amazing that's solving a really big problem
that people are looking for but then gives them the best opportunity for success by getting your offer
versus not getting your offer and then making it work from a paid traffic point of view okay right
nice now i'm better i got a shooter i got another call in seven minutes and i have to have a bathroom
brick all right sounds good my man good talking here's josh here's easy you too later
