---
title: "Media Buying 2022-02-07 19:57:33"
date: 2022-02-07
duration: 1h 26m
duration_seconds: 5168
vimeo_id: 674610552
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Media Buying 2022-02-07 19:57:33

**Date:** 2022-02-07 | **Duration:** 1h 26m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Hi, Mark. Hi, Michael. How are you?

Good. Yeah, I won't be answering any media questions, as you guys know. But Matt's going to be here any minute. So he's the media expert. Is John not doing Mondays anymore?

What's that? Is John not doing Monday anymore? Yeah. See, he was on a honeymoon for like the whole month of January in Antarctica. So he went to the South Pole and he came back.

He's been back for a couple of days. But then this week is top one. They're doing a top one event down in Florida. And so he asked Matt and I to sit in for him again. So what's the top one event?

You know, Todd's his mastermind is called top one. Yeah. And they have a thing in Florida. So that's what they're doing. So we got a nice crew tonight.

Hey, Matt. Hey, hey. So, hey, Samuel. Hey, Michael. How's it going?

Good. All right. So I guess Justin was here first. Yeah. You just go ahead, man.

Okay. Yeah. So I think it's a pretty basic question. But I guess we might be looking at using a movie reference or something like that in
one of our ads. We're wondering what the legality of using like a movie reference, just speaking to it
in a video or having it in text, but not having like a logo or anything like that.

Um, as far as movie titles, movie lines, um, for specifically, I guess for Facebook first,
but for, I guess I'd like to know for Facebook and Google, what kind of what the rules of
the road are, um, for these things. Cool. Um, yeah. I mean, if you're just mentioning it in a video, you should be fine. Um, as far as like Facebook compliance, yeah, they're, they're not going to flag you.

Um, that being said, the, the caveat here is I am not a lawyer. I'm an advertiser. So yeah, you'll, you'll be fine running the ad, um, from a legal standpoint should be fine
as well. If you're just like mentioning a movie line or, or something small like that. So wouldn't really worry about it.

If you're like using a, a shot of like, like an image of the, the movie. Um, yeah, no, I don't think we would, we would do that, but, um, it, yeah, it'd basically
be probably a line or two from a movie and, um, and mentioned both in the sales video. Uh, and what about, I guess the sales page also, that'd be fine probably, um, just to
mention it. Yeah. So for an example, like you're talking about in the ad, actually naming the movie, like
wizard of Oz or let's just say karate kid or Rocky or whatever.

Uh, and maybe having a line, something like, um, this is just spitballing it, but, um, something
like, um, how the karate kids wax on, wax off affects your golf swing or something like
that. I mean, that that's, that's terrible copywriting, but you get the idea of it. Um, yeah, for sure. And you can, uh, probably put like the trademark symbol if you need to. Um, I don't know if you need to, but that could just be like a, a quick Google away.

Okay. Okay. So yeah, as far as a compliance standpoint, totally fine. Okay. So compliance, you're saying it's fine, but legal, you're not entirely sure.

Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Cool.

Yep. I think that, that, that gets me. So thank you guys. Well, I'm sure we'll use this service a lot more. We're not placing ads quite yet.

Um, but when we, when we do, we'll, we'll, I'll be back in here. I'm sure. So thank you. Cool. Cool.

Cool. Hey, all right, Mark, how's it going, man? Um, it was funny, actually, I did a quick session with John and I completely made some
real errors in the setup of the campaign. I didn't, I didn't have on click funnels. I forgot to put in the, um, the Facebook pixel.

So I couldn't track anything that, that, that was, which was, you know, that was one thing. The other big mistake was, um, with the, with the conversion. I, I put the conversion event for the, for the MVS, MVS as a, um, as a purchase, as opposed
to a lead. So, uh, so bottom line is that, um, Facebook, because of course we've only just launched
it, um, Facebook was not able to gather enough data to generate the audience to send, you
know, for the, uh, to send the ad to. So I had to just reconvert the, uh, started again, but with the conversion of the lead,
not, not a purchase at this stage.

Cause we didn't have any data. Does that make sense? I think so. Do you want to pull up ads manager and we'll take a look? Yeah, yeah, sure.

Anyway, it's yeah, sure. Take a look. I, um, as I said, it's all kind of been done and we've now got, we, I've got two, two different
campaigns up just to test and we, so we, we've got some data for you guys to look at
as well. So that's, uh, we, we, we're getting some, uh, we're getting some movement now, but I
completely messed up the setup, which is why we won't, which is why nothing was happening
basically. Oh, so you're saying that like Facebook turned off the ad.

No, no, no. Facebook, we, we couldn't get, we, the way I set it up, I didn't put the pixel on the
funnel page, which meant that there was no data for Facebook to work with. And I used the purchase conversion as opposed to a lead, which again was another reason
that of course, no one was purchasing. So Facebook had no data. Got it.

Okay. So it was complete, you know, I've got it completely wrong, but that's all set up now. And we're beginning to get, you know, some data and some traffic. Um, and, and, and now I guess we can begin doing the work of checking it all out. But, um, let me, um, just give me a second.

Let me share my, uh, do you want me to share my, share my screen? Yeah, sure. Okay. Second, there we go. So, um, you can have a look at both of you.

What? So interestingly, this was, this, this is, this is the one I'll show you this one. Um, so this was the original, um, campaign, um, with, you know, short copy, um, with one
image, with the sensitive, um, sensitive content image. Do you want, do you want to preview this? Do you want to have a look at it?

Or I'll just, yeah, I remember that one. So, so anyway, now we're, uh, bear with me. So we're getting really, really good. Um, if I show you the kick-through rates, some of the rates are unbelievable. The clicks, I think, hang on performance and clicks.

So, uh, hang on, hang on, where are we? There we go. So, you know, eight and a half percent, five percent, 4.8, some, some serious click-throughs. But no engagement from this, from this ad, from this campaign in the way that it's set
up, getting a ton of clicks on the ad, but no one was opting in to, to view the video. And you said this was after you had fixed the pixel and made sure the pixel was on the page?

Yeah. Okay. Uh, let's, just to be safe, let's double check your pixel. So let's go ahead and pull up the landing page. Unless, did you do this last week with John?

Uh, yeah, but listen, um, happy to check it. Well, I've, I've also got, I started another campaign to test against this and, and we were
getting opt-ins and conversions. Uh, and it's, I'd be interested to see what you think, because I mean, it's really interesting. We use, well, anyway, I'll, I'll show you, but, um, let me, uh, let me, let me pull up the
page and we can have a quick look at the page. No problem.

Always happy to double check these things. And it's easy. It's very easy. Well, for me anyway, I find it very easy to, to make a mistake, you know, and forget something. So, um, you want to go to settings for the pixel?

Uh, let's just double check the page. So there on the, the URL where it has the, Oh, I see. Okay. Well, yeah, yeah. So here.

Yeah. You want to go, you want me to go to that page? Yeah. Yeah. And that little button on the far right, we'll take you there just for future use.

Okay. All right. And then do you have the Facebook pixel helper? Do you know? Yeah, I do actually, but I've got it on, uh, just give me a second.

I haven't got it on, uh, Firefox. I've got it on, um, I have it on Chrome. Okay. Okay. I got one tab by the way, which is amazing.

Good. Good. Yeah. I love that thing. Can't believe it's free.

I'm, I'm waiting until they charge, but I'll gladly pay. Very. Yeah, absolutely. It's fantastic. It's really good.

Uh, okay. So we've got pixel help. You want me to just click on that? Yeah. And you may have to change, you may have to reshare so I can see the window that you're
looking at in Chrome.

Okay. Sorry. Just give me a second. So I want this second thing. Huh?

Okay. Here we go. It's a hundred minutes. There we go. So yeah, you got that now?

Can you see what pixel helper here? Yep. Got it. And then when you click that, let's see what comes up. So 85 euros is the pixel.

Alrighty. So we're tracking page views. That's good. Let's go to the next page in the funnel here. So you can either, I guess you can opt in or you can grab the URL from ClickFunnels either
way.

I'll just, you know, so this is the, this is the video page. Do you want to check the pixel there as well? Yeah. Let's just make sure all the pages look good. And I don't know if you're in Chrome still, but it hasn't changed on the screen here.

No, no, no, no, no. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. Okay. I'm not in Chrome. Chrome now.

Oh, do you know what? This, this is really okay. That doesn't seem to. Oh yeah. It's okay.

Come on. Are you seeing that now? Yeah, we've got the page. We can go ahead and click the pixel helper now. It's not open.

I don't know why. Are you, maybe just give it one click and then move your mouse. Okay. Yeah. There we go.

Okay. Cool. Cool. Great. So we got page view installed and then remind me, are you on the, the first landing page?

Is that a traffic captivation page where you're getting name and email? Yeah. The first page is, yeah, we have a pop-up. They click, they want to watch it, drop down, they, they opt in and then they come to the
video play page. Okay.

Gotcha. So it looks like we're just firing page view here. At what point do we consider them a lead? Um, I said the, for the event that I set up for the lead is, is when they actually land
on the video page, this page, so to get to this page, to get to this page, the only way
that's going to happen is when they've opted in and clicked submit. Okay.

So you fire the lead event when they click the button? No, the lead event is fired when they, with this URL, the land with the video page URL. Gotcha. Okay. And you said on one campaign, you are seeing leads register in Facebook.

Correct. Yeah. And, and on the other, I think you'll find it. Well, I've been very interested to see what your take on it is. Um, one again, very high click through no opt-in the other ones we've used, we've used here.

How about this, we've used actually one creative with exactly the same image and we're getting
opt-in. Okay. Interesting. Uh, yeah. Let's head back to Facebook real quick.

No. Okay. Are you seeing Facebook or, uh, you're not seeing it. I have to reshare. Yeah.

We're still in Google Chrome. It looks like. Okay. Okay. Okay.

All right. So this campaign is the one that's not registering any leads. Is that right? Yeah. Correct.

Yeah. Cool. Let's hop over to the other one and look at that. So again, great click through, but, um, but no, no opt-in really. It was really interesting to run the other one and see that we're getting some, uh, some movement.

So this is the one where we're getting, uh, the conversions. You want me to do the, uh, the clicks here? Sure. Oh yeah. It looks like CTR is already right there.

Did you say this one was a conversions campaign? Uh, they're, they're, they're both conversions for lead, but we're for lead. It's conversion for lead at the moment. Okay. So, so they're both conversions for lead, same images, same targeting.

Is there anything? Actually the targeting, um, it's different targeting and I've only used the same image for the very top,
but the top one, which again, yeah. For graphic three, this one is the same image, but there's copy different copy on there. And it's a different audience. Uh, it's a more targeted audience.

The other one, the other one was very broad. Yeah, definitely. I mean, CTR on graphic three, that top one is, is really high, you know, 4.4%. So it looks like you're confirming that's a winner since on the other campaign, it was crushing as well. Yeah.

Um, yeah. So it looks like what we can take away is copy on this campaign and images. So either the, the ad on, on those bottom four or the audience, one of those isn't, isn't really crushing it. Um, so the way that you may want to test which of those it is, is by taking your ads that are winning on the other campaign, the ones with really high click through rates. Yeah.

And then showing those ads to these audiences that you have in, in these ad sets here. Yeah. So that'll kind of isolate those. Fantastic. That's, that's, that's great.

I will, I will do that. Um, yeah, but it's interesting to see that. So whatever's going on in this campaign here, the difference is we got the click clearly for the first one, we get the curiosity factor where people are interested sufficiently to click, but not to opt in. Yeah. Yeah.

That's curious. I, I see, I tend to see situations like that when we're running more traffic objective ads, because those people are, they're just less likely to, to opt in than folks that land on a page from a conversion objective ad. Um, but it's curious. Yeah. It was like what?

160 clicks and zero opt-ins. Right. Yeah. Okay. The conversion event was the same for, it is the same for both the conversion, the conversion event was a lead, you know, where they land on the video viewing page after all.

Yeah. And in click funnels. So, so I know Facebook shows zero leads on the one campaign. Did you double check that in click funnels as well, just to, to validate the Facebook data? I can show you the stats if you want, if you want to see that you want to see the stats in click funnel.

Sure. Yeah. Let's just double check it in here. Which, uh, which, uh, which, um, page do you want to see? So yeah, on the, well, we'll, we'll check the full funnel.

So on the blue bar there where it says stats up above. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So over the last week.

Yeah. Let's do that. Um, and so you're running traffic on both campaigns to the same funnel, right? Yeah. Just with a control and a variation page on all these.

Uh, for the, yeah, for the opt-in I did that. Yeah. I did a split test for both, uh, for both of those. So it looks like, yeah. So we've got the opt-in, but
says zero landed on the landing page.

That's kind of curious. Oh, oh, those are, I'm reading the opt-in column. My bad. Yeah. Yeah.

So, so we had 53 people total hit the landing page with the video. So 26 and 27 on each variation. Yes. Okay. And then out of those 53 people, no orders yet.

Got it. Correct. Uh, we, as I said, we, we did get one order from an existing customer. Um, you know, first, that was when I had it all wrong when it wasn't set up properly. Okay.

So, yeah, I, I would say you're getting good click-through rate on the ads. So we, at least on the one ad campaign. So we know that it's resonating with that audience. I would test running those ads to your other audiences on the campaign. That's not got the, the high click throughs.

Yeah. Yeah. Try that. And then since we've only got 53 people to the actual video page, keep running. Yeah.

We need more. There's not enough data yet to make a decision on the variations. Is there? No, no, there's not. How many, how many, how many do we actually want to see, um, you know, in, in terms of actually,
uh, for the actual opt-ins, how many opt-ins do we want to get up to, to, to give us a
different, you know, different data point?

So, yeah, it depends on how many unique people see these pages. So usually it's a hundred is a bare minimum. And that's, if you're seeing some, some big differences between the pages, right? Like if one's at a 10% and one's at a 20%, usually you, you know, like, okay, if I 10X the amount
of traffic that's flowing through here, it's probably going to, you know, the winner is
still going to be the winner. If I increase and, and the large numbers, um, come through this funnel, if it's something like
we're seeing here where you've got, you know, 120 people and 109 people seeing this opt-in page,
um, on each variation.

And then you look at our opt-in rate, we've got a 6.42 and a 7.5%. Those are so similar that we can't really make a decision or a call between these. Yeah. That's based on the data. So we'd either need more traffic coming through or we need to scrap the variation if it's too
similar to the control and then try another variation.

Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah, it does. It does. Um, and with regards to the, um, the landing page is that, you know, so the whole point is
to get that they click and start watching the video.

Is there any way to get any data through into the funnel about people clicking and watching
the video that would show here, giving us some idea of, you know, which, you know, which
one is being watched more or not, if that makes sense. No. Yeah. We can't see it in click funnels here. The, the only way you could do something like that is with like your video hosting.

I mean, I'm using Vimeo. I'm using Vimeo. So yeah, in Vimeo, it'll show you like the viewership and the drop-off rate graph. Yeah. The only thing is if you're using the exact same video on both URLs, I don't think it'll
tell you which views came from which URL.

It doesn't separate the data out like that. So you just get general numbers across viewership of the video from both variations. So that's really helpful. So what I would need to do is actually set up the same video with a different name and
URL on Vimeo. Exactly.

Yeah. Two separate videos on one on each landing page, and then you'll have two separate viewership
graphs. That's really helpful. And also a quick question. The audiences that I created for this campaign were based on, they were old audiences.

They're not available anymore. And Facebook has notified me that those targeting audiences are going to disappear on March 17. Ah, okay. So is there any way, do you have any suggestions as to how I might be able to either replicate
that or create a lookalike or something so that I can preserve that audience in some way? Let's go back.

What are the audiences? Let's take a look at them. Actually, I mean, it's actually fatigue. What's the easiest way for me to show you some of this audience based on fatigue that I've
saved from, you know, from the past, which is available now? Yeah, you could just hit duplicate right there.

Okay. I'll just scroll over onto the name of the ad set. Yeah. Just right there. And then hit duplicate there.

This is just going to make a kind of a blank ad set for us. And then we can hop in and look at anything you've got saved for audiences. Okay. Yep. So if we just scroll down to the audience section.

There we go. So scroll up a little bit. So right there at the top where it says used save audience. Yeah. That, yeah, that'll show all your save points.

So this was the, this was the audience fibromyalgia and we broke it down into, there's a lot of
components in there. You can see. Yeah. So which one of those is going away or is it multiple? I think all of them, all of them, all of them, I I'd be, that does raise a question in my mind.

I I'm not sure that all those would be untargetable coming up or, or stopped from, you know, on Facebook's end, just because you've got vegetarianism and like organic food, which are really big, broad audiences. Um, do you have like an email or something that shows that like describes which ones are going
away just so we can check that? Um, no, I, there was just a note. I mean, when it says click on here, if I scroll down, um, it says that they're going away and it says, you know, click on, um, click on these for alternatives and there are no alternative. So, I mean, you might, but the, the, the, the audiences that are going away are for the associations, you know, for fibromyalgia UK and, you know, just things, things like this, the chronic fatigue.

I see. You know, so, so, uh, yeah, apparently, I mean, you might be right. They may not disappear, but, um, bearing in mind that they're really, um, useful audiences, bearing in mind, I'm targeting fatigue. It's a really critical, uh, you know, targeting for me to be able, I mean, I, if it goes away, I'll have to do something, but I just wondered if you have any, had any ideas about something I could do to maybe create a lookalike audience from, from while they're still running and existing. Is there some way I could replicate or create something that would give me a similar targeting?

Not really. So, sorry, there isn't, um, you. I mean, yeah, the only lookalike audiences that you can make is like off of your, um, like your website data, basically. So people who've, you know, come in and opted in as a lead or been a visitor to your funnel. So you can make lookalikes on, on those, but it's going to bring in data from anybody, not just the ones that came through those specific audiences.

Is that, if that makes sense. So in other words, if you're targeting, you know, over your whole ad account, if you're targeting 30 different audiences, um, your lookalike is going to take people from all those audiences. And, and you're, uh, basically your new audience is going to be made up of all those other ones. Um, whereas if you're looking for just one audience out, out of like, you know, 20 audiences that you might be using on your Facebook ad account. Uh, there's not really a way to isolate those that probably didn't make any sense, but it's a long-winded saying, uh, way to say that you can't do it.

Unfortunately, now here, here's the caveat, national fibromyalgia and chronic pain association. It's really specific. And my, my bet is that since you're targeting people who have fatigue and have health issues, I'd bet that while this association is very, it's specific. I would, I would guess that most people who have fatigue problems have not interacted with this association on Facebook. So in other words, you like your, your audience of people that have fatigue is like this big.

And then the people that came onto Facebook and, you know, clicked on this pain associations, um, page and like the page is like one tiny pinprick, if that makes sense. So, so I, truthfully, I wouldn't really worry about it too much. Um, it, I know it's been a working audience and, and you've used it so far and up to this point, but I, I don't think it's really going to hurt you too much when it goes away. But then, but then what do I target? If I've been using that fatigue, then how do I target people with fatigue once that audience goes away?

So we can, if you scroll down to that audience section again,
it'll have that, um, scroll back up a little bit,
go a little bit slower and then go down. There we go. All right. So where it says create new audience, give that a click. Actually.

Yeah. Okay. You want me to do something else? Okay. Yeah.

Yeah. That works. That's fine. And then scroll down just a bit. Okay.

Keep going right there. So where it says detailed targeting type in national fibromyalgia, that interest. And sometimes it'll take a while to load up, but once we see that association come up. Nothing coming up. Uh, yeah, let's give it a minute.

Some, sometimes it just takes a while. Um, it could also already be gone, you know, not selectable here, but I know a lot of times
for me, it just takes like 30 seconds to populate. Um, let's go ahead and type out the rest of it too, just to see if that. What was it? The national kind of.

Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

I think it would have come up by now. So it looks like it is already removed from options. Um, we can try one other thing, scroll back up a bit where it says, create new audience. Yeah. And then hits use saved audience.

Yeah. Yeah. And then hit your fibromyalgia one. Okay. And then at the bottom, click edit.

Okay. There we go. So where the little magnifying glasses at the bottom, you can add things, click in there. And then does it let you click the suggestions button on the right side? Uh, it's grayed out, but I, when I type something in, I'm sure it'll come up.

But what should I type in? Yeah. Let's try it national fibromyalgia. No, nothing. And nothing on the suggestions.

Okay. Yeah. It looks like it, it doesn't give suggestions here. So it looks like you'll have to do some more audience research. So what you would want to do, Mark is head back to where we just were, where it's the
create new audience.

And I would take, I would take some of these audiences that have been working for you. So organic food, vegetarianism, things like that. Yeah. Type those into the box and then hit suggestions. And it's going to bring up a huge list of anything that's related to what you type in.

Okay. So it, it'll give you a ton of stuff. Just keep going down the list. And I, I usually paste these into a, like a word document. Okay.

And I'll go back and, and add them into audiences from there. Okay. Great. All right. Thank you.

Does that help? Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Thank you very much.

Yeah, you're welcome. Sorry. That's going away, man. That happened to me on a couple of interests as well. So it's a, it's a bummer kind of across the board.

They're getting a little less granular on targeting. Yeah. Well, so I have to get a bit more creative on the targeting. Yeah, exactly. And what you'll find is the people you want, they are in those other, you know, broader
audiences, you know, just like you're doing with vegetarianism and organic food.

So it's just about testing stuff like that until you find what wins. So can I ask you a question? So if you break with any targeting, let's say I managed to profile very accurately the
interests of these people. And I've been looking at some kind of data scraping software and things where I can go
into groups and maybe get some data, you know, a lot of data about all the, the profile,
you know, all the interests of the people that are members of this group. Would that really do it if I really have a very clear picture of their interests and
I mirror those interests in a, in a group, would that really bring me up a similar audience?

Yeah, I think if you know what interests they already have based on, you know, however you
get that info scraping, it sounds like, and then you target those exact interests. Yeah. You're going to get basically that person, uh, variations of that person that you're sort
of like making an avatar from. Yeah. Thank you.

So I'll, uh, so data need to get gathered some data. Thank you. Yeah. Thanks a lot, Matt. You got it.

All right, Samuel, my man. Yeah. Hey, how's it going, Matt? Good, man. Uh, so I basically had a question about trying to get analytics for my MVF.

Um, so I was running, running a funnel through Kajabi and when I saw the analytics, it wasn't
really, I don't think it was giving me an accurate representation of how many views I
had. So like, for example, I think the Facebook ad, I got like 72 clicks, but then the page was
showing 400 views, which I know is not, it's probably not accurate. And so then I was trying to do Google analytics. Sorry. Are you familiar with that?

I am familiar, but I am, I'm not great with analytics because I don't really use it a whole
lot. Um, I can give you some insight on what's going on though. So Facebook will, they check your, your landing page. So they've got, they've got bots that will actually click your ad and then visit your
landing page. And sometimes they'll even click on the landing page and like opt in and go through your funnel
to see what sort of content you have.

They like scrape your, your text and stuff to see if you've got crazy things that they
want to like shut you down for. So, and this happens to us too, where it conflates the data because you've got all these bot clicks
that come in. So in your case, you know, 400 bots, and then you've actually got 70 something true clicks
from Facebook of people, you know, potential prospects. So that's, what's happening. Um, I don't think you need to really implement a, like a third party software, but they do
have some other stuff like click cease, which is basically, it's a software that, that stops
those bots from messing up your data.

Um, but yeah, the other option could be Google analytics. However, I will tell you that Teddy on our team, he is really great with Google analytics. And so he's checked the numbers in analytics versus our click funnels and our Facebook
numbers. And we still get bot traffic showing even in Google analytics, unfortunately. So it doesn't seem to be removing those for us.

So that's the bad news. Um, yeah. So I think Michael and I were trying to figure out what to do, because then, you know, if
that was true, then the data I was getting was probably not that great. But then when you look at like the Facebook ad data, it wasn't bad, you know, I was getting
decent, you know, data there. So, so I was just trying to figure out like, what should I do?

You know, cause right now on Kajabi, I had switched from like active campaign. So then it's like, you know, would you recommend I do everything on like click funnels, even though
I've already switched my website, like, you know, twice now. So in Kajabi, and we can pull this up if you want to take a look, but do you remember if
there's like, we were just looking at with, uh, with Mark's funnel, was there a column
that says like total traffic and then unique? Do you remember? Um, on Kajabi?

Yeah. Wherever you were looking at your funnel stats. So I just think it gave one number. So yeah, go into the pages now. Um, yeah, so, so I've been getting a lot of views and I haven't run traffic for, you know,
about a week now.

It's interesting. Um, okay. Yeah. And it doesn't look like there's a, a unique visitor column, which is kind of a bummer. Yeah.

So click funnels sort of will, and it depends on the funnel. It depends on the bot type, but sometimes they will remove that traffic from your numbers
and they'll tell you unique visitors. And that number is a lot closer to Facebook's numbers usually. Okay. Um, but for, for our funnels, it's still a lot of times still lets that bot traffic through.

So the, the easiest answer is probably to just use something like click cease. I have not used that software before, but from what I understand, it's really the best
option to stop stuff like this from happening. Um, alternatively, you could try to, you know, you could build stuff in click funnels and see
if that changes. Uh, if it doesn't track the spot traffic, but probably a lot more work to go that route
without the, you know, the guarantee of it working either. Okay.

So do you think like, cause Google analytics will show you like, um, unique viewers and
like total views. But the thing is I'm using, trying to use like UTM addresses. So when I'm in there, it's not, it's not letting me see that those, like the campaign source
and the medium, it's not letting me see that. So I wasn't sure what to do there. Yeah, I mean, this is, uh, this is like a, a really widespread issue where bot traffic
messes people's numbers up.

So let's see. Um, Michael, are we still having the tech calls with Teddy? Yeah. Okay. Samuel, what I'd recommend for you, man, is hop on one of those Teddy's like a hundred
times better with any of this, like tracking and tech stuff than I am.

Um, and he may be able to help you set up Google analytics to, to like remove the bot traffic. Like I said, though, it doesn't always work for us, even though we use Google analytics. Um, so it may just be a, an issue that we can't really fix, but I think your best bet's going
to be first chat with Teddy on the tech call. And then second, um, he may recommend click sees to you as well. Cause I know he's looking at that for us.

Okay. Okay. Can I jump in here and ask a question of Matt right quick, Samuel for you? Yes. Uh, so when we, when I was looking at this with Samuel, right in, in Facebook, it said that
he had 70, what, like six clicks was 72, 72.

Okay. So 72, um, conversions or not conversions, but, um, clicks, clicks through click throughs
or whatever. And on the, what we just saw in Kajabi said that there were actually 24 opt-ins. So when I looked at that, I said, wow, you, you had, it looks like maybe you have a, you
have like 30% or more of an opt-in rate. So it is that, is that a safe assumption?

You know, if I look at the opt-ins in Kajabi and the, the clicks in, in Facebook and kind
of just use my own calculator and come up with that. Yeah. Yeah, I think that's, that's probably as, as, uh, accurate as we can get right now out
of those 24 or so opt-ins, it's possible that some of those are bots. Cause I know they will show up as, as opt-ins sometimes. I don't know specifically on Kajabi, if their platform like removes any sort of bot traffic
from showing as opt-ins.

So that's something that we can check out. Um, like in their, their help docs or just ask their support team. But yeah, I'd say it's pretty likely that those 24, it's, it's more likely that those
are true opt-ins versus, you know, having, you know, all 24 be bots. Now, Samuel, is there a way in Kajabi to look at your leads and we can like manually count
through, but it does give, it does give, it does it here. So 24, now there are a couple of duplicates.

So there's a duplicate here. I think there's a duplicate here, but it shouldn't be what? 20, 22. Oh, cool. Okay.

So it shows you right there. Yeah. So this, this one is me. I was trying to test it. So this is like not one, but, but you know, it does give a list of everybody here.

Okay. And then is there, do you know if there's maybe another section where it, like, is there a
sort of like a, I guess like a, a section where you can pull up all your leads? What's the word I'm looking for? Like a CRM sort of functionality in here. So, so the only, the thing I would do is, is go to the, the lead page and maybe that,
let me see.

I think it's, I think we need to do like video analytics. Is this possibly something you're looking for? So it goes through like all the video views and you can see, I think like what, what the
name is and things like that. Yeah, that's definitely useful. That is, it's not quite what we're looking for.

I just wanted to see if there's a, a section that has all those leads. I mean, we can manually count through those, but it looks like that only captures your most
recent leads, not the full list. Let me do a quick Google search. I don't use Kajabi, so I, I'm not sure where to find it, but maybe we can find something on
their website. So it might be here.

So is this possibly something? Oh yes. Scroll back up real quick. There we go. Cool.

Yeah. Form submissions is definitely it. So yeah, I'm, I would probably recommend bookmarking this just so you can easily get back to this
page. And then this is kind of the, the way to test if you're getting any sort of bot traffic
in here. So it looks like 24 and they, you know, besides your test one, it looks like they're all names
and emails that look normal.

So I don't think we've got any issues. So yeah, if you had 76 clicks and then you had 24 opt-ins, looks like opt-in rate is about
31 and a half percent. So pretty solid. I'm trying to bring it up here for some, is this Facebook just being slow here? Is it no data, you know, you definitely saw data, Michael and I.

So, yeah, you may just have to open up your date range in the top right corner. There you go. I would just hit maximum at the top. So 72 clicks. Yeah.

And then it looks like links, if you scroll all the way to the left or not links, I was
reading links, but leads, it said you had 21, which is almost, you know, 24. So pretty accurate. So I must've done a lead campaign. Yeah. You probably did a conversion campaign, which is the type that we recommend.

And then you can choose website leads as your, your event that you optimize for. Yep. So it looks like we had 72 clicks, 24 opt-ins. And then on your, um, on your next page, were you going for product sales or to schedule
a call? So the next page was, was a, just the video.

And then it's an opt-in video to go to the checkout page. Yeah. Okay. So no, no checkouts just yet. No checkouts.

And then that, you know, I was confused about that data as well, because it was like, if
we only had 20 people look at the video, but I had like 60 people on the checkout page or
something. So this is probably not going to help too much. Yeah. So like nobody actually, I guess, opted in, which on Kajabi, this is just a button click. So they don't really count that as an opt-in either, which is weird.

So you can't like track button clicks either. So, so maybe we were getting traffic to the checkout page, but it wasn't saying that we were. So on your checkout page, does it show how many visitors hit that one? So, so I can go here and go to view stats. And it'll say this number with like, this is even more than that.

So I'm not sure how, but I do think I'm kind of sending direct traffic here over the last
couple of days as well. Oh, okay. So you're linking right to the checkout. Are you doing like an email follow-up campaign or something? So I was sending it to somebody as an affiliate and they, I guess they were just sending it
to people and that could have had people on there.

Um, God, yeah, yeah, that, that would definitely be it. So what I, what I might recommend for you, if you do any sort of affiliate stuff like that
in the future, just to keep your funnel stats clean, uh, you might just duplicate the full
funnel or, or the checkout page, you know, wherever you're sending them so that you can
give them a different link, not the one that's inside the funnel that you're running ads to. If that makes sense, just cause that, you know, extra affiliate traffic can conflate your
data in here. And since there's not, it doesn't look like there's a way to like easily separate those
here in Kajabi, um, just kind of not a fix unless you do a whole different link. Okay.

Okay. So like, so the next step would probably to try to be, try to get on that tech call
and see if I can get better data or should I just keep running traffic because I had my
offer like is three 47. So you probably have to spend at least that much to know if, if you have a decent funnel. For sure. How much have you spent so far?

So it said one 50, but it should have been one 80. I think it got turned off for a little bit. So it should have been like one 80. Okay. It looks like you may have set the, like the lifetime spend cap at one 50 just cause it
ended right at that clean.

That's that's possible. Um, typically what we, what we look for is spending at least one X, the, um, the AOV. So in your case, you know, three 50 or so as kind of the low end. And then usually we'll go up to about two X. So, you know, about 700 or so, and usually in the one to two X AOV range is where we're
going to find some sales and some sort of data that's going to steer us toward like the
next steps and what we're going to do.

Um, but yeah, with one 50, definitely not enough just yet. Okay. And, and what I'd say for you is you, you can definitely run, you know, keep running your
ads until the tech call. I think the next one may not be for maybe like two weeks or so, um, when Teddy's back
in, but really the only data that we saw in Kajabi that's incorrect is the, the number
of people who are actually landing on your, your landing page, that's kind of conflated
with the bot traffic. But since we see in Facebook that you got 72 unique link clicks, we can kind of use that
as our, our, uh, true number.

So it's not as important to have a perfect number inside Kajabi for the number of people
that landed on your opt-in page, just because we know 72 people clicked over, you know, somewhere
close to that number would have hit the page. And then the, the order form number was a little bit high. Cause we sent some affiliate traffic there. So I'd say, you know, make a new link for those people and then just don't send them
to your, your paid traffic funnel. So that'll solve that number for you.

Um, and then we can see, you know, exactly how many leads come in. So in other words, you are, you've got enough information between Facebook and Kajabi here
to see how many people are going to each step of the funnel pretty much. So it's enough to keep running your traffic for sure. So you wouldn't want to waste, uh, you know, the next few days without running traffic, waiting
on the tech call. Um, cause yeah, truthfully it's, it's kind of a hard problem to solve for anybody, no
matter, you know, what size business you are, the bot traffic is going to mess you up.

Um, but yeah, so we definitely have enough to run traffic. Okay. So I think the only issue might be that I might not be able to do a separate checkout form
link. I feel like they're only going to give me one link, but, but I think, you know, we should,
I guess we should be good all around that. We can just use the link clicks from Facebook and then the actual adopt-ins.

But that only kind of gets, gets me past one step. Yeah. That's what I was thinking. You have, you have 20 people that have seen your sales page in this funnel. Right.

And we don't know what they did because, um, there somehow there were 53 or twice as many
getting to the sales page somehow. Oh yeah. So sorry. I hadn't addressed that for you, Samuel. You had mentioned that.

Um, what could be happening here is people may be reloading the sales page multiple times. So I know that a lot of people will save a sales page to read it for later or, um, you know,
keep a page up on their phone and refresh it, you know, when they open their phone again. So that can recount as a new view. And it looks like it's not showing you the unique people, um, like, like in click funnels. Um, I don't know if Kajabi has that functionality.

It, I think it would show it here on this pipeline stat page if it did. Uh, so I don't, I don't think you'd be able to, but you could try Googling or, or talking
to Kajabi support and asking them if they show unique page visitors somewhere. If, if you can get that data. Okay. Yeah.

I mean, I feel like Google analytics would do that. I guess I just got to set it up, but it's, it's not necessarily showing me the data from
the UTM that I was looking for. And then I think what would help would be to see how many times someone clicked the button
to get to the checkout form, which I don't think Kajabi counts as like a conversion. They don't count button clicks as a conversion. Right.

Yeah. We did see zero there. So yeah, it sounds like that's definitely the use case for Google analytics for you. So yeah, man, that would definitely be a Teddy tech call thing just to set up that tracking. Um, but yeah, I would say use as, as your kind of North star metrics, use your, your Facebook
clicks, your opt-ins, because we know those are both true numbers and then your number
of sales.

And then by the time you get Google analytics and stuff up and running, you'll probably have
enough data to make some decisions with the funnel. If you need to make some improvements, um, but yeah, for, for now, that's the best we
can do. Okay. All right. Yeah.

That makes sense. And just, you know, all that, all the traffic that I'm getting since the ads, you know, was,
was kind of confusing, but I think, you know, we just got to, you know, keep doing what we're
doing. So I appreciate it. Yeah, man, this is the, the fun gray area of advertising where not everything is, you
know, cut and dry and super clear. And you kind of got to, you know, dig through the data and, you know, figure out what's accurate
and, and use what is, and then discard what is it.

But, uh, yeah, man, welcome to the club. This is the fun stuff. Okay. Yeah. Cause I thought there was, I thought there was a cut and dry thing and I guess I'm realizing
that there isn't, you know, I thought maybe Kartra was, you know, cause you guys use Kartra.

So maybe that just has the cut and dry, you know, it has everything you need, but, you
know, I guess you just got to piece together some things. Yeah, always. I mean, no matter how sophisticated your systems get on the tech side, tracking is, is, uh,
it's a science, but it's also an art in interpreting all that data and like figuring out what the
truth is and reading through the numbers. Um, but yeah, tracking is, is never perfect. In other words, um, once you, once you get to a little bit more scale though, there are
some third-party solutions you can plug in that definitely help with this stuff.

So kind of, once you, you swim through the, the surf, you'll get out to the, the deep
water and maybe, uh, one of those tools might give you a little help as well. Okay. The deep water where the sharks are. The rest of the ads, just keep the same creative or try to use sort of like a winner maybe that
I had, or, or just keep the same ads. I think one, yeah, let's check through your ad data real quick.

I think one did well, this one was doing well. And then three of them started on time. The other three took like a day to start. So that was possibly another thing too. Gotcha.

So it looks like the amount spent on each of these ads is almost exactly, you know, 25 bucks
each. So you gave each one an equivalent opportunity to bring in leads. If that makes sense. They, they all got pretty much the same number of amount of ad spend. Um, right.

Was this the only ad set that you ran or did you run other ad sets as well? Yeah. These are the, just, just these. Okay, cool. So it looks like, so I think it was this one that had, you know, had the most clicks.

Right. So that's got 18 link clicks. Let's scroll back over to the cost per result real quick. All right. So it looks like, yeah, that bottom one is definitely your, your outlier.

Seems like it's the winner there. Now, one thing to consider here, Samuel is Facebook attribution is never perfect here. So we always want to, you know, read this data with that caveat in mind. So take all these numbers with a grain of salt here from what it looks like. Like your, your bottom three are your winners.

And then if I were you, I'd probably, um, run everything just to make sure that's the case. Since you only spent 25 on each ad, I'd want to see a little bit more data before I made the final call and cut like that. The third one down SJ one. Okay. Cause, cause I do think these were the three that started on time as well, even though they, I guess they all have about the same.

Same amount of total spend, but I think these three were the ones that started before these three. Gotcha. Yeah. In that case, since they're all active ads now, I would just send some more budget to it. Um, what you're going to have to do since you, since you did a lifetime budget cap on this is you are going to have to, I think you have to restart.

And I don't really use budget caps much, but I think you have to basically create a new ad set where it doesn't have a budget cap. So you want to, and if you want to walk through that, we can do that super quick on the, the ad sets tab there. Yeah. I don't think I did that, but it, I was shocked when it had exactly one 50. So I was like, maybe, maybe I did something.

Should I, cause I was, I was testing at UPM here. Um, gotcha X out of that real quick. So which of these. Okay, great. So you tested each ad in the, in their own ad set.

That's great. Um, so I'll give you a couple of, of, uh, tips to move forward here. First, you're going to want to duplicate all five ad sets. So if you click the, the check Mark on each of those. And then on the top one, that draft unselect that one.

Actually, sorry, that one did get spend. So it looks like there's just an update. Yeah. Click that again in that case. Wait, I'm sorry.

I want to double check. So you said the top ad set there, you were testing the UTM parameter. Yeah. So in order for me to test it, I had to like put it on ongoing and, but then I didn't want
it to start. So then I turned it off.

Okay. So it looks like it ran anyway, for some reason, um, you only have the five ads then. No. So I ran this like all six of these. And then last night I was trying to edit the UTM, but it wouldn't let me edit until
I turned it off or like put it to ongoing.

But then when it's on ongoing, I didn't want it to run. So then I, then I turned it off. Okay. So this one, you know, all six of these ran for the same amount. Cool.

In that case, go ahead and hit duplicate at the top. Yep. And then hit duplicate again. Okay. So now what you're going to want to do is in the, um, in, in the ad sets, just make sure
you've got everything correct, you know, budget wise, and then set your schedule, scroll down
a little more.

There you go. So uncheck where it says set an end date, click that, click it again. There we go. Okay. So now you're just going to run an ongoing campaign or ad set in this case.

So you won't have any, any budget cap. So just keep an eye on it. Um, you know, watch the stats, spend as much as you want to, um, or, you know, to get enough
data and then you can, you know, turn it off if needed. Um, this way you won't have any sort of, um, this way you won't have any sort of issue where
it cuts you off without getting enough data. Um, and then once you run through, make sure all the settings and the targeting is how you
want it.

Make sure the ads are, are correct. Everything's probably fine since you just did it and everything is transferred over from
the old campaign. Um, but just double check everything and then hit publish, and then you'll have all your
new ads running. Okay. So, so don't set an end date because before I put it for like two and a half days or two
days at $10 a day.

So, so just don't just do this. Like don't set it in date. Yeah. That's what I'd recommend. So yeah.

I mean, you can always pause the campaigns like you did on, on the one you tested UTMs for
just turn off the ad set if you need to, you know, if, if the budget, you know, goes to
a point that you, you know, you didn't want to spend more than X amount or in the case
where you have enough data and you need to make some funnel changes before you turn ad
back on, you can always have that control, uh, but it's not going to artificially end
your, you know, turn your ads off in this case. Does that make sense? Yeah. So you're saying that's the, the good thing about not doing the end date. Yeah, exactly.

Okay. So, and here's why. So on the first ad sets, since they're turned off, um, since they had the end date, we, we
can't basically turn them back on and keep going with those. So we got, we got a little bit of data, you know, 72 clicks. We got, you know, 24 opt-ins and then a few people, you know, seeing your sales message,
but in order to get more data here, we need to run more traffic and we can't run the old
campaign still because Facebook won't let us.

So now we have to basically make a whole new campaign. The only issue is you're going to have to look at both sets of data for a while to, to kind
of add all the numbers together to get your total funnel performance. Does that make sense? Yeah. So that's kind of the reason we don't want to set an end date is because if you need more
data and you need to run ads again, you have to create a whole new ad set like we just did
right here.

And then you got, you know, multiple, uh, data cohorts just kind of gets, it turns into
kind of a pain when you've got to like manually add stuff up, but it would all show up here. So it would, you know, it wouldn't be that hard, like, cause it would all just total up
down here. Yeah, that's correct. You'll see the totals at the bottom. The only issue is Facebook.

So this is a little tough to explain, but every time you restart things, Facebook kind
of, uh, imagine a big pond and, and Facebook is like throwing out your fishing line into
your, your big audience pond, right? So you've got however many people in the total audience, let's say a million people. And it basically Facebook will, they'll kind of isolate a little section of the pond and
throw your ad into it and see, you know, if your ad gets any leads or sales, then for
another ad set, they walk, you know, 50 feet around the bank of the pond, throw out your
ad over in that little section of your audience. And so basically what happens is anytime you reset stuff. And in this case, we have to basically make new ad sets and new ads to, to continue running
those ads, Facebook finds a different section of the pond each time.

So that's a, basically it's a factor that it sort of skews your results a bit. So what you might find, and this is basically the problem we're trying to avoid is you may
find that this bottom ad here, the one that showed or, or whichever one was best in this
group of six, you may find that it performs just mediocre when you run it again. And then if you did it the third time, you may find it does terribly. So in other words, you have to have a huge number of times you run the ad to get an accurate
picture of the true performance of it. Um, basically you want, you want all your budget spent in as few ads as possible.

That way you can get the data that's most true. If that makes sense. Okay. That's like all like Facebook algorithm and like the machine learning theory stuff. But basically you, you don't want to restart your ads a bunch so that you can get the,
the most accurate data.

Right. So, so is there like a daily cap? So like, what if one day I wake up and it spent a thousand bucks, would that happen? Or no. Cause you set your daily cap at 10 bucks per, per ad set.

So since you've got six ad sets here, six times $10 a day, you'd spend $60 every single
day until you turn it off basically. Okay. Okay. Well, yeah, I'll, I'm definitely going to do this. I'll probably set these to run today and just hopefully the data can start evening out
or I can start understanding what's going on.

Um, but yeah, I do, I do think that other link, like that checkout page link would help. I just don't know if Kajabi is going to let me get two of those links. So, so, so you can, you may not be able to get two links for the exact same page, of course,
but you should, what I would recommend is you should be able to clone your existing funnel,
just duplicate it. And then you'll have a different URL for that second funnel. And that'll be like your affiliate funnel.

Does that make sense? Right. But the, so the, the affiliate link I had was like, it's just, I think it's just a checkout
page. So like, no matter what funnel you have, that checkout page is going to be like the same
page. I want to say, so like if you had three funnels, same checkout page, it's going to be the same
link, but I'm not a hundred percent sure.

You should use a different checkout page for each funnel. Right, Matt. So I think what I'd have to do is like create a whole new offer and like, I'd have to create
an entirely new offer. So I might, I might just have to do that. What do you mean create a new offer?

On Kajabi? Okay. Like another set of funnel pages is what you mean. Yes. Okay.

So like, like, let's just say I had like CSB traffic captivation to CSB lead to. Okay. But with offer checkout, it would be the same thing because it's just, it's just offer checkout. So like, it's not anything different here. Oh, got it.

Got it. Okay. Yeah. So Samuel, we're, we're looking at one funnel on the page right now. Is that right?

Like this is your, your traffic funnel. What I'm saying is you duplicate this entire thing just into a whole second funnel. So it would be a totally different checkout page than on this funnel. Does that make more sense? Okay.

Yeah. I can do that. But I'm, I'm saying, so like the offer on Kajabi is like a product. Yeah. So like when you're running traffic to one product, it's going to be the same page, no matter what funnel.

I, I think, you know, I'm still new to Kajabi as well. Gotcha. Yeah. That might be something you may want to just like chat their support team about. Um, if most of these like page builder softwares are, they have a lot of the same functionality
in click funnels.

If you duplicate a funnel and, and just have us, you know, second funnel, every page is
different. So you don't have any sort of connection between the two funnels. Um, that's your, your, uh, your outcome that you're going for. So I don't know the specifics of like the tech stuff in Kajabi, but if they have that functionality,
that's what you want to do. And if not, you may just have to wait a little bit to, to send the affiliate traffic through
the funnel until you get, you know, a little bit, uh, more bust, more robust tracking, or
until you get enough data that you're happy with your funnel performance.

Okay. Yeah. Cause so this is like the offer checkout page. So like, let's say I duplicated the funnel at the end, I would click, like put an offer
here and I would have to click this offer and it would probably just give me the same
link for that duplicate funnel. Yeah.

You want a different offer too. Okay. So, so I just create a new offer. I might call it like one or dash a or something. Yeah.

And they only let you have, I think three offers or something. So I just gotta, you know, I gotta do what I gotta do right now. You know,
If you do have to make an offer, like a second offer in that case, yeah, do it. Um, yeah, give it a variation name, but my, my hunch is you can still use the same offer
but if you put it into a different funnel, I, I really think that the link is going to
be different just cause it's a whole different funnel. Um, but yeah, check with Kajabi support or, or like read through their documentation, but
I'm pretty sure that's going to be the case.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. So I'll do that and I'll, I'll see.

I appreciate it. For sure, dude. Hop on Thursday if you need anything else. Okay. Okay.

Yeah. I'll be there Thursday. Cause I, I will, I will run traffic at least for two days at that point. Well, make sure you get your, uh, Google analytics set up so you can tell the, um, unique, um,
views on the, on the sales page. Right.

You were going to do that. So it does. I guess like here it'll say users and new users. So that's like, is that unique users? Yeah, it should be.

And then it takes like 24 hours to, to actually put the date in there. Cause it's the seventh and it's still not here just yet. So it takes a little while for, I think Google analytics as well. Yeah. A lot of third-party analytics tools.

They're like, they got some delayed attribution. So like the next day or sometimes like up to three days, things kind of settle out. So yeah, definitely not, uh, not as real time as, as we always want it. So the, so just one more thing, like the thing that I was trying to see, so, you know,
like the campaign source medium for UTM, right. You can see the source and medium here, but these are not like UTM sources that I put in
here.

But for example, like when I, when I'm here and someone's on the site actively, it will
show up somewhere around here, like somewhere here. I was able to see like my UTM attributes, but there's no way to see that in here. So I think that could kind of help. That could help me know where the, the traffic's coming from for the first page. Um, and then maybe click on source over there here.

Yeah. Go back to that page and then hit like source right there. Didn't really change, huh? Yeah. And then, so, and then Kajabi also does this weird thing where like when you opt in, it
creates a new URL.

So like, so when you opt in, it'll create a URL with the email and the name, which is
weird, but it just generates that. So now this is an entirely new page, which is my lead page. Gotcha. That, yeah, that just must be some, you know, whatever mechanism they use to check stuff. I, yeah, man, sorry.

I, I don't know how to use UTMs in, in, in analytics. Um, I always use either click funnels or infusion soft. So I'm a little out of depth there to help you more with it, but Teddy, you'll definitely
be able to help. Okay. Yeah.

I'm just, you know, cause I, I'm trying to do like a coaching program with courses. So Kajabi does have that, but then, you know, I was looking for a way to host my website
easily. So, you know, maybe I can talk to Teddy about like, what's the best way with a coaching program
as well. Yeah. He definitely might have some input cause he, yeah, he's in charge of like the portal
backend for the MFA team.

So yeah, definitely might have some info. Okay. Um, yeah, I don't want to take all your guys' time. I really appreciate it. Of course, dude.

Yeah. Sorry we couldn't help more on the, the nitty texts, nitty gritty tech stuff. Yeah. But, uh, we'll see you Thursday and excited how to excited to see how those ads do again. Okay.

Replicate that data, man. All right. Well, thank you, Matt. Thank you, Michael. Welcome brother.

Yes, sir. All right. I'll see you guys. Okay. Later.

Hey, Michael, I'm going to pop in a quick image here in the chat just for, um, can't
remember the first guy's name that we talked to, but he was wondering about the movie quote
thing. Sure. Sure. And I just saw this, uh, a lawyer had answered on a V O O it's like some lawyer questions
website. So I'm going to see if it'll let me drop this in.

Well, you know what, do that and I'll send it to him because I know he's, he's one of
our clients. I'll make sure he gets it. Perfect, man. We had some tough questions today. Like those are, I mean, they're good questions in there.

They're like the logical questions that pop up, but a lot of those don't have easy, clear
answers. It's, it's tough to answer. Yeah, I know, man. You did great though. It was great.

And everything was, uh, you know, everything moved along. Good job. Yeah. Thanks for your help, dude. All right.

So I'm going to double check. This is the right. Yeah. There we go. So, oh, it's a P and G.

Oh, I'll, uh, let me see if I can just get the raw text for you. One sec. It's okay. I think I just saved it to my desktop. Let me make sure.

Uh, depends if you use it as a matter of fact, wording without logos, fonts, anything that
may look like commercial use and you may use it, but since it is context specific, you
should consult an attorney who may need to use disclaimers. If you use a trademark, screenshots or another story, you cannot use them without permission. Following comments provided free of charge. Do not constitute. Yeah.

Yeah. Looks like it basically just kind of echoes what we'd told him. So just thought I'd throw it up since a lawyer said it. Okay. Yeah.

I'll send that to him. I'll make sure. All right. Thanks, man. Okay, brother.

Hey, good call. I'll talk to you later. Have a good night. I'll see you on Thursday. Yeah.

Yeah. All right. Take care. Bye-bye. Here we go.
