---
title: "Media Buying 2021-09-09 15:59:07"
date: 2021-09-09
duration: 1h 12m
duration_seconds: 4341
vimeo_id: 601186260
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Media Buying 2021-09-09 15:59:07

**Date:** 2021-09-09 | **Duration:** 1h 12m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hey, Steve.

Hello. How are you doing? I'm good. How are you? I had better weeks.

Okay. So I am on my cell phone. The network interface for my fiber to the house went out. So I don't have any broadband connections. Oh, no.

And I live in Dallas. So our area spare techs are down in Louisiana because of the hurricane and recovery after that. So anyway, I'm hoping something will show up today that I can try and do the fix myself, replace the router and stuff. But, you know, we'll see. Okay.

I don't have a lot to report other than we've gone a week. Still, still no new sales. I did go through the cash pops that you gave us. Yep. And I was hoping to be able to show you my other computer, but it wouldn't connect.

I guess Zoom was taking too much of my bandwidth to go through. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um, but I did do a, a plan, I guess, a strategy where, um, if somebody comes in from the YouTube ad, goes to the can't fail page, gives us their information.

They go to the thank you page. That's where they can watch the video. If they watch the video and don't go to checkout, they go to an offer response sequence. Uh, hopefully that sequence will take them to our one price checkout page. If not, we would do a payment option sequence.

Yeah. There's three different payments that we've got there. If they go to the three payment checkout and don't buy. There's a three payment abandonment sequence that they would go through. Um, but ultimately if they don't buy out of that first one, there's the alternate sale.

Right. And that's where, if they're a beginner, they get the beginner program. If they're anybody else, they would get a short, short course. Um, so in each of those, there's a one price checkout abandonment. There's the payment price option sequence.

And then there's the, that payment option abandonment sequence. And then an alternate sale, uh, plan as well. Um, and then I have each, each one of those is three, four, three or four different emails or engagement. Um, uh, depending on what, what they've told us their, their level is. Um, so we're, we've got a, um, we had to, uh, we didn't have to, but with the original offer, we're offering them the free PDF download.

So, um, I've built a new web page to, instead of just sending them the PDF, we're now asking them to come to it. Uh, so hopefully we'll get, you know, we'll, uh, I've installed the pixels and get more information is the goal. Um, to be able to track and, and, uh, and follow. But so I've got that built. We have the email built, um, the, uh, other follow-up emails.

I have the plan for what, what to put in them. Um, I have to actually get them built. We've been busy with, uh, uh, we've had three launches since I talked to you last for customers. Um, so we've been really swamped. It's hard to find time for our own, for our own work when we're helping others.

Right. Yeah. Um, but anyway, uh, we've got time blocked to try and get that done today. Um, from a viewing perspective, uh, I think, uh, we had with the holiday, we had a really bad day in there. Um, it was just kind of a waste of money.

I think, uh, during Monday was a holiday here, bank, bank holiday, if you didn't know. Um, but yeah, they, yeah. Oh, I know. And that weekend played havoc for, for, for ourselves, me from a media point of view, but for also for a lot of other advertisers as well. Okay.

So not just us, um, looking at our statistics, uh, the other pixels are now firing. Um, so I am able to see, uh, you know, over the, over the week we had, I don't know, something like 10, uh, checkout page visits. Um, uh, 10 or 11, I think, um, out of the 77, um, emails that we got or whatever, whatever the right number was. I, I had it all ready to, to be able to spit off to you, but when I, uh, tried to get the different computers to join. Yeah.

I got it. Yeah. Screwed it up. Um, but everything, uh, it, it looks pretty consistent, right? So the people that are watching the video, um, you know, if I do, they watched over the last seven days or they watched over 30 days, that doesn't change.

Uh, the numbers aren't that different from click through view percentages, you know? So when they were buying versus when, when we've had the last week, uh, or two weeks, um, statistically, I can't really find anything that's jumping out at me. Um, so I don't know. It's kind of weird. Kind of weird.

The only thing, like if, if the statistics, if your statistics are pretty standard across the board and both on the media side and the marketing side, in terms of opt-in rate, um, open rate and everything else after that, if they're, if they've been pretty standard last seven days versus say the last 30 days, the only other really deciding factor in there would be the audiences that are converting right now. They may be converting well to leads, but maybe not converting so well, obviously to, to actual customers. And it may be an option to, to, if you could some way, shape or form, I know it's going to be more difficult to do this because the, the, um, the sale conversion tracking wasn't activated until last week. But if you could look at least look at the statistics of, I know you can't do it now share screens with me, but if you could look at the statistics of the, um, the, in your best period. So say the, the August period, when it was working, read things were working really well.

Look at the, the audience stats there and see, um, which audiences were converting the best in terms of the, you know, the, the click-through rates, the, the leads and everything else. And then just compare that to now and see, is there one or two audiences that may be getting impressions now or getting more impressions now that maybe weren't getting as many impressions, um, previously. And that may be an indicator of one audience is doing quite well for leads, but not so well for, um, actual sales. And that might be eating up a large percentage of your budget. So if you, if you want to, you could take a look at that.

And if you want to, Dan, if you want to email me like a screenshot of that, so I can take a look at it afterwards. Cause I know you're, you have issues with broadband. So if you want to email that over and I can take a look at that afterwards and I can email you back then. Okay. Okay.

Um, and is it just, uh, email is just John? I'm not sure. Not sure. I have your email. So.

Um, it's all. I'll stick it into the chat here for you. Okay. Perfect. Um, okay.

I will try and do that. Uh, cause it was, it was like the ninth through the 20th, 27th was when, um, you know, you know,
when we were getting one a day or every other day or, you know, that's when we got excited. Cause all of a sudden it seemed to seem to be firing off and it's just been dormant since. So, um, okay. I will do that.

I will try and get a screen capture. Um, I'll send you that and then we'll go from there. But otherwise I hope to be back to normal, uh, by Monday for sure. So, uh, on Monday's call, I'll, I'll have more data for you. Okay.

Yeah. I'll get your broadband sorted and we can, we can Twitch based Monday. Yeah. And, um, we'll have the, uh, um, the cash pop stuff running by then too. So that'll be even more data.

Um, do, do you recommend right now with the, the emails? Uh, we can do tags within Kartra, um, and understand where they're going from an email
perspective, but, uh, from a, a conversion, should we just leave the same, same conversion
stuff that's for conversion tracking, um, and the Google pixels is where I'm. Yeah. As long as, as long as you can still, you can still tell effectively that this person
can, this person converted off an email. Yeah.

They may originate from the YouTube campaign or a Facebook campaign, but as long as you
can tell when you're setting up your emails, the links in the emails, because you're using
Kartra, you'd probably be, um, probably a good idea to use their, you know, the Kartra
tracking links that you can create. So maybe have, um, I mean, you, you could get down to, you go, you can get as granular as
you want really. I mean, you could have one tracking link for, for, for each email. So, you know, that it was email one or email two or email three. Um, that's up to you.

That's something that if you really wanted to dial in and in the future dial in which
emails are converting the best and everything else. I mean, that's, um, that's something that I would do. I would create a tracking link for each email for, and I know it's a little bit more cumbersome,
but at least we'll give you, you'll be a lot clearer on, well, this email actually, um,
converted versus was it email one or email two or email three. You'll have a lot more clarity. Yeah.

And I guess, um, as you were saying that I was thinking we could sit there and, and I
can figure that out from a log perspective to begin with. If we get conversions, um, go into the log and then I'll see which ones did they read and
and whatever. So I could, uh, it won't, it won't let me forecast, but it'll give me, um, you know,
I can look historically and come back if we do get, do get, uh, sales. So, uh, okay. Okay.

I'm just thinking out loud. Cause, uh, um, rather I'd rather get all of these sequences done and try and do a whole
bunch of other work on tags and tracking that that's a later priority type of thing. So, okay. Um, well thank you. And, uh, I will have more information for you on Monday.

Brilliant. Thank you much. Thanks Steve. You bet. I think somebody else popped up.

So yeah, there's a few others in there. Um, Michael, I just got your message there and I'll pull up, um, have yours here while
I'm waiting and, uh, Josh, do you want to hop on next? And I'll pull up your, your submission as well, Josh. And you're muted. Of course.

Thank you. Yeah. Nice. Talking away there. No one can hear you.

Just going to town, you know? Um, thank you. Yeah, no, this is, this is perfect. Um, okay. So you have my submission.

Um, so yeah. Um, so basically, yeah, the first one was the first question was regarding the ads,
um, the, the YouTube ads, um, related to, yeah. So you have two videos doing really well. Yeah. We're wondering whether or not you should turn off the, um, the, the other ones.

And the answer is possibly it depends on how much overall data we have. It may be too early. So if we, if you want to show your screen and we can take a quick look, um, generally
we want to, we want to give, um, all ads a chance, um, before we make a final decision,
but unless it's glaringly obvious that, you know, one is doing so much better than the
others or two is doing so much better than the others. And, you know, we, we don't want to just, cause it may be because that they're getting
the line share, the impressions and the other ones having got many impressions, but, um,
yeah, we can certainly take a look and see. And, uh, let me see.

Right. So does that make sense first and foremost? Um, yeah, right. Exactly. It's like, if, if we had, if the others haven't got enough testing, then obviously we need to
get more testing.

Right. Essentially. Or to, to get enough views, impressions you said. Right. Yeah.

Yeah. No, see, we, we may see like, we, you know, you can see, like, I mean, you've spent in this
particular campaign. Um, let me see. Let me see. Do you have your, you don't have click-through rate on that there as well.

Can you add click-through rate to that column or is it further down? Um, let's see. No, should be. Let's see if we add it. Just go to conversions.

Conversions. And, or sorry, performance. Performance. You can do clicks and click-through rate actually. And I, an average cost per click as well.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Um, so. Just scroll. Yeah. So there we go.

So click-through rate. And was it two and three, the ones that you were saying were working the best anyways? Uh, two and three had the highest view rate. And actually, well, you can see here from conversions. It's two and three.

Of course, video four did have one conversion here. Um, but obviously video two had the highest view rate. And yes. So the things that we generally look at, obviously we'd look at conversions. We want to see which videos are actually converting, but then like we would, like we talk about,
we'd look at the view rate and we'd look at the click-through rate and the view rates
and like the click-through rates bear that video for, I mean, your click-through rates
are really, really solid.

I mean, like really strong, like, like really strong. And like, we, we know what that is. Cause you know, we, like we discussed that she's very, um, empathetic on the video and
she's, she's very likable and you can relate to her and she's, she speaks with authority. So the videos are very good. Now, obviously the, the video one has zero conversions from 16 clicks.

Now, 16 clicks, zero conversions. You could say that's a little bit early, but at the same time, it is a little bit of a
warning sign that it's gotten that many clicks, but zero conversions. Um, but definitely looking at this, it, it would appear that without a shadow of a doubt,
video number two is doing the strongest across the board, even though it has a slight,
the lower click rate, but like the, the conversions are much higher with that video too. And, and the overall spend here on the rest, like the, like the other two, the other three
videos in fairness, they've, they've spent very little money. I mean, one of them hasn't spent, it's saying he got 16 clicks, but you haven't been.

Yeah. On the average cost per click street. Yeah. So it's spent roughly other DS ideas costs. So yeah.

Cause so video, video, video one spent $50, zero conversions. That's probably, yeah, that, that's probably a alarm bells ringing on that one. The other two haven't spent a massive amount in comparison to your, to your average cost
per conversion. So, I mean, the, like see the one that has, um, the, either one of those in the next couple
of impressions gets an extra conversion. Like that, that, that then becomes the best performing video in terms of cost per conversion
in terms of, in terms of everything else.

So, but video one, um, it might be an option to turn that off, but again, it is, it's a little
bit early. It spent quite a bit, but in comparison to the other ones, I probably would be turning off video
one anyways for starters. Okay. Now the right. Okay.

And the tough part, I guess, and this kind of leads into the next question is like how
we do the call to action and all that stuff. Cause right now, right now Google, Google is judging on the conversion based on, um, how
many people opt in, you know? And so, because we're not, we're taking away that now, how are they going to judge a conversion? Um, if we just have everyone come to the VSL page and then they just stay on the VSL page,
you know what I mean? Like, let's say we have the call to action appear, you know, and let's say it's a phone
number or whether it's a contact form right on the page.

If they never leave the page, how can we judge if a conversion? Um, so if you have the, if you, and this is very, it's a, it's a great question because
and, and for everybody else, the reason why we're, we're raising this question is because
of, um, Josh's demographic and he's dealing with a slightly older demographic. And we want to be cognizant of, uh, what's the best, um, action for them to take rather
than an action that we want them to take. And so what you could do, Josh, if you're doing, if you're doing the, you know, the request
a callback type of, um, call to action where they'd enter, they enter their, their name,
their email and their phone number and they hit a submit. When they hit that submit, that can bring them to a, and maybe the email feels optional.

We don't know if how you're going to follow up them. If you want to follow up by phone or whatever the case is, when they hit the submit that
they're then brought to a, a kind of like a thank you page where it might have a video
of, um, what's the lady's name? Renee. Renee. Like a video of Renee saying, thanks so much.

We'll be calling you or we'll be contacting you within the next, um, you know, 24 hours
or whatever the case is, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Here's what you can expect to happen. And yada, yada, yada, yada, you know, the next steps from there. Um, so then on that page, then that, that becomes your new conversion. So that becomes your new, the new goal to optimize for.

So you would change your conversion goal inside of the campaign. If you were to do something like that, request a callback. Okay. Okay. That makes sense.

So, um, that makes sense. So I guess that does lead into the next question of how should we,
the, so I'm going to do a split test on the VSL where some information comes up right
away, you know, appears right away, um, when they get to that page with the VSL video. Um, and then the other variation I'll test is, um, if it's delayed, you know, like when
she mentions, um, in the, in the offer, um, then have it, have that information appear
then. So, um, I get, I get that, but like the question I have is, yeah, you're just to confirm. So it probably would be best to have, um, or how should I do it?

Cause I want to have the phone number and then I want to have that, you know, request form
where they enter their name, phone, and email and, um, email would be optional of course. Cause I think, um, preferably we want to call them back, but, um, you can get their email
and we can put them on a list. But, um, so the question is, is like, okay, we want their phone to show up. We want the request form. How should I do the request form?

Um, should it, uh, or should I just have a button appear, uh, or should I have a button
that's like, find out how to do this. And then it takes them to a page that has the contact form and the phone number. What, you know, you know what I'm saying? You understand what I'm asking? Yeah.

I mean, you could certainly do that. I mean, it all depends on like what, like, I know you want to test one having it delayed
and one having it on the page. Um, but as long as you can track both of those effectively, I mean, like if you just
have a button that says, you know, find out how you can get the best, um, um, Medicare
plan for you or whatever the case is. And then they hit this, like that's that button click. Um, it's, it's kind of a cryptic button click because they may not know what's going to
happen when they click that button.

So they may just click it out of purely out of curiosity. So you might get a lot of people clicking that, but not actually submitting the form. And like that could, that could, um, skew your results thinking, oh, you're getting lots
of people visiting, but they're not submitting. So if you were doing a kind of request a call back, I'd probably have it on the page. Um, but I'd make sure that, that the copy that's saying, you know, enter your details
below to request a call back and we'll detail exactly how you can, um, you know, how you
can, you know, get the, get your best Medicare plan specific to you and et cetera, et cetera.

Like you're talking about the VSL. So, so they're pretty clear that when they're filling out this form, that the intent is based
on that they know that there's going to be a call back coming. It's not out of pure curiosity. Okay. So you would have the form right there on the page underneath the VSL.

Yes. And if, and if I was going testing it in terms of, you know, if you're setting up a split
test that the, the form is delayed or the form is on the page to set up the, to set it up
effectively and not just look at the, um, which ones, which one is bringing in a better opt-in,
but look at which one is converting better. So you could set it up. You could just, I mean, there's two ways you could do it. But you could do it just having it delayed.

And then the conversion is triggered when they hit the thank you page, regardless of
whether they hit the, the, the, the page and seeing the form immediately, or they hit the
page and it was delayed. So you're basically going to track the conversion or you could track the conversion type. So you could set up two conversions inside of Google, one for the delayed button, uh,
the delayed form and one for the form that's there immediately. So you'd be able to tell which conversions you're getting within YouTube. So when you filter by your conversion, so if you go to see in your screen there, and
you probably won't be able to do it now, but see where it says segment.

Uh, yeah. Over just like, yeah. So if you hit segment and I'll just pop, see where it says conversions. And then you go to conversion action. If you see, just see, just hit that there.

You'll see your, so see what says your conversion action there is to six Medicare leads. Cause that's the goal that you're optimizing for right now. But if you set up the two more events, one say Medicare delayed, uh, request to call back
and Medicare instant requests to call back conversions. So you have to set up, set up two different thank you pages with the same, same information. So the delayed thank you page will go to, we'll say the delayed submission will go to one
thank you page and the, the on page submission that's where it's there immediately will go
to a separate thank you page.

So you'll be able to track them independently and you'll be able to see here in your conversions. Okay. We got 10 conversions yesterday. Six of them were from the delayed, the delayed button and four were from the, the form
immediately. Does that make sense?

Mm-hmm. So they are going to be on two different VSL pages. Right. And the, the split test will be, yeah. Yeah.

So when you set up your split test, it's obviously going to be two pages. Yes. And one of the, you're right. Yeah. So you'll have to, so you'll have to form on each page.

One is going to be delayed. Once one is going to be there immediately. But then the, when you on the thank you page after to submit the form, there'll be two
thank you pages, one for each form. Okay. Yeah.

Okay. Um, right. Exactly. And that's, that's just the way you'll be able to like do a true test on which one is
actually, which one is actually performing the better rather than just getting, yeah,
one is performing. Okay.

And one, and not really knowing which one is actually performing better to get the, to
get the actual callbacks. Right. Right. And then we'll know obviously which ad of course is working better too in. Exactly.

For each one as well. Yeah. Yeah. Um, okay. So just to confirm, you would say that would be better to have the number and the contact
form right there on the page underneath the VSL video.

Um, you would say that's better than having a button to click where they go somewhere to
do it. Yeah. Cause they like it, cause the button, the button may not tell the full information. Like if you have a, if you have a button that says, find out how you can do this for yourself
or whatever the copy says. Right.

Like there's, there's, there's a little bit more information or there's a little bit
of information being lost there. Cause it's like, if they click, Oh yeah, I want to find out. I may hit the find out. And then it says request a call back and they're like, well, I don't want to call back. I just want to find out.

Right. Right. Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right. Right. Right.

Right. Right. Right. Right. Right.

Right. Would you have the phone number above the, the contact form or would you have the contact
form first? And then the phone number underneath, like to call, you know, to call Renee, if they just
want to directly call her, you know? Um, to be honest, I think it's, um, it's either, or it'd be fine. I mean, if you, as long as you says, uh, want to call, want to chat to us now, call this
number or, you know, or you can request a call back, submit your details below or the other
way around.

Um, request a call back or, uh, if you want to chat to us now, dial this number. So, I mean, the either or is going to be fine. As long as it's, um, as long as it's the, the, they, you know, it, it, it looks well on
mobile and everything else because the majority of stuff is probably going to be mobile. Yeah. That's fine.

I don't think it's going to make much of a difference, whether it's phone then form
or form or phone, phone. Okay. Okay. That's good to know. Thank you.

Um, Hey, also real quick. I noticed that Google said that, um, hold on, let me go to my question here. It says, um, they're going to be going, they're going to be keeping the, the ability to keep
videos off of the network with video partners. Google says that it's going to be going away soon. And I'm wondering, is that a big deal?

Uh, obviously. Yeah. Yeah. So that's, that's, you know, the way what we normally do is we normally turn off the, the
partner options when we're advertising. So we want to keep this stuff on YouTube and they're, they're turning off the option
to turn that off.

And that's likely because that, I mean, I can't speculate the exact reason, but I would
say it's because they've probably promised partners a certain amount of impressions that
they'll give them. And a lot of people have been told to turn that off. So they're making it managed to be turned on, but I would, I would assume I can't say this
as gospel, but I would assume that like the, the line share of our impressions is still going
to be kept within the YouTube platform because we're doing like skippable in-stream ads. It may be different if we were doing a different type of an ad type, like a, you know, the like
discovery ads and everything else, but because we're doing skippable in-stream, unless someone's
actually already watching a video, they're not going to see our video. So it shouldn't be a big deal in our, in my mind.

Okay, cool. Um, and then what real tiny last question I've included a bunch of keywords, but obviously
there's so many different variations of keywords. Um, do I just include as many as I think I remember from your training, just include
as many as possible, as long as they're getting over a hundred views a month. Right. Is that right?

I mean like a hundred views. It's kind of the, the, the sweet spot that I want to get. Cause if you think about that over a month, that's, that's like three searches a day. If you average a three point something searches a day. So that's, that's okay.

And now it's still quite small, but at least it's, it's something. And, uh, yeah, you can include as many keywords as you want, but then what we'll likely be doing
as we expand on those and we look at, we start running ads to them. There may be ones that we're turning off and everything else as we go into it. I see. Right.

That's right. Okay, cool, man. Appreciate it. Um, I'll let you get going on someone else and, uh, thanks again. This is great.

Cool. Cheers. Cheers. Um, thanks Josh. So Michael sent on details for Javier.

Javier, I'm going to pull up your submission here. Thank you. Okay. Cool. One sec.

So it says I need to request access. Javier, I just requested access to the, um, to your doctor. I put the link on the chat. Okay. Because I don't remember what is the email.

So. Oh, it's a, it's, I've got it now. Yeah. It's opened. Yes.

Okay. So let me share my screen and we'll go through this. Yeah. You have in the chat. Okay.

Is this it here Javier? Yes. This is one. Yes. Okay.

So we're running a new test. So click to erase. Yes. Go on. So you're running a new test.

Yes. We, I spoke with Michael to have a new lead. No, with only with, with spoken. I recall having with me only for the lead to see if the, if the, we have more engagement
with the video. And I think that that is more or less the same engagement with me and without me.

Okay. So we're running this new days. And more or less what we are, we are in the half of the test. And more or less the conversion, the sales are at this moment. And the traffic admission page is working more or less well, but we have a high CPC and low commercial
rate in the ads.

So high C, what's your CPC? 1.44. 1.44. 1.44. Yes.

And why is that, why is, why is, why is, why is that considered how, how much you paying
for lead? Five. Five dollars per lead. Yes. In another test we, we pay three dollars, three euros with the same, with the same ads.

But my media project told me that Facebook is looking for, for new audiences. So like the campaign is like in learning mode or something like that. So maybe we have to create another, another ad or do something to. And it's like, is based on your metrics and based on, is like, is five dollars lead too
high to be paying in, for you or, or, or is it? We can, we can, we can push to, to, to, to three euros.

I think three euros is a good, a good, a good, a good metric for the, for a lead. Can I explain? Okay. Because like, one thing to be aware of mind is across the board and regardless of
market, English speaking, Spanish speaking, the lead costs have been, have been rising
and it's, it has been something that we, you know, we have to adapt to. But if it's something that we can like, what's going to help us bring down your lead costs
is obviously it's going to be a combination of an increasing or opt-in rate or, um, increasing
the results that we're getting from ads or like reducing our CPMs and increasing our click
through rates and everything else.

But like your click through rate at 1.15. I mean, it's, um, it's, it's quite good. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's solid. I mean, to, to reduce your, to reduce your lead costs, we're going to have to, you know,
get that. We'd have to be getting that 1.5, maybe closer to 2%.

And that's going to be very difficult to do versus, um, and like even your, your traffic
captivation page, 27%, 28%. I mean, it's pretty solid. Can we improve it? We could probably likely improve it, but it, it seems to be, if I remember correctly, it's
a lot higher than it was before. It was before it was like 19, 20% and everything else.

Wasn't it? No. And below we have 15 and we improve with a new headline. We improve. Yeah.

So like, I don't think we can, there's a, like, I wouldn't necessarily be trying to improve
this. What I'd be looking to improve now is the actual conversion rate, because that's, we're getting
people in overall across the board. You've, um, which are lots of different tests, the different tests that you've ran. You've had, um, you've had quite a number of leads go through. And, but there's been, there hasn't been any conversions, has there?

Yes. We have more or less 250 leads and we have no sales. No sales. Okay. So that's, that would have a bigger red flag for me more so than say, I need to get my
lead costs down.

I'd be looking more at, okay, we've got 250 leads going through what is essentially like
the idea has been roughly around the same. It's basically the, you know, I know you've kind of changed it over, over the last handful
of weeks from different angles and stuff like that, but it's essentially the court, the
offer hasn't changed. Right. And the, in the campaign, everything is the same. The lead.

Yes. So like the, and if, if 250 people have gone through and the, the offer hasn't changed
and the, the price point hasn't changed either. Has it? No, no, nothing. And do you know out of, out of all those 250 people, how many of them have actually seen
the offer?

I don't have the, the total number, but maybe it's about 30 people, 40 people more or less. 30. Okay. Well that, that is, that, that's quite low. Okay.

And you've, you've changed the, so how do these, um, so the, this 151, is that, that's
151 clicks, is it? Repeat, please. The, um, the number, hold on, sorry, I'll share my screen again. Ah, yes, yes. So see where it says 151, that's 151 visits to the traffic.

Yes. Captivation page, correct? This one, yes. And then there's 42, 42 leads. Yes.

And out of those leads, three of them visited the order page. Yes. There is, uh, three, three visitors to the check, checkup page. Check, checkup page. Yeah.

Checkup page. Yeah. Yes. And I just told us that maybe it's only one visit with three clicks. Right.

Okay. Okay. And so then the, do you know where the drop off is in your video? Have you stats on the video? I have here.

If I can share my screen, I can take it. Yeah. I'll, um, I'll stop sharing. You can share. And you see this one is the new test.

And this one is the old test. And I think that is maybe more or less the same. Yes. Here is. Show me the new one there.

Yeah. Maybe. Yeah. It seems to be around this. Um, there seems to be like, I mean, there's a solid decline at the beginning.

Like it's a, it's a solid decline from down to around the, when you get to the, what's
the, keep going, keep going. Yeah. Around that mark there. No, keep going, go the other way. So around the seven minute mark.

So you go back, go back to seven minutes. Yeah. So you go back, go back to seven minutes. Yeah. So yeah, around that mark, maybe even a little bit longer, around the nine minute mark, say,
where it's, it starts to level out.

And you seem to keep people a lot more consistently around a nine minute mark and seven minute mark
onwards, more so than at the beginning. At the beginning, you seem to lose a lot of people very quickly. Yes. And then like around a seven minute mark to seven to eight minutes, roughly around. If you just move your cursor further along there a little bit, just move it further along.

Well, I, what is the meaning of this? Yeah. So see there, see around the seven and a half minute mark to see if I can just. We'll have a drop off point, no? Yeah.

There's a drop off point, but if you keep, you keep people. So if I just show you here, if I have your mouse. Okay. Around this mark here around the. Oh, let me grab it.

I know the mouse won't work for me. It's okay. But around from roughly nine minutes onwards, the drop offs are. There's a lot. There's a lot less drop offs around the nine minute mark.

Ah, yes. Yeah. So it's like from the beginning to nine minutes, there's like a steep curve, but then from nine
minutes onwards, it's pretty solid. I mean, it does very little drop off rate. Ah, yes.

I understand. So we'll have to change this one. Yeah. So like that was suggested something and there's something at the beginning. You're not actually.

There's something at the beginning that that's making people drop off consistently in a big,
big way. So if you, can you pull up your lead really quickly there? Have you got the script that we can take a look at? Yes. Let me, one minute.

I know this is not typical media buying, but I'd like to take a look at the script if
we can. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.

Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.

Yes. I have your, I mean, I have your, you on the day where I saved my screen? I have. It's the continuum, the, it's aligned with the, with the headlight. It's true, I use everything,
my girlfriend, my life in Bali, my head from a stress-related tumour, and almost my digital
business, and here is the promise.

The method saved me, I went from just over 25 a year to
96, to launch in this one, I will be buying builds with my savings to earn me much more
than enough to worry about money. And here is true because I also want, and here is like,
okay, I use the normal stuff, like webinar or PLF, and it works for me. And we have, we have
too much, too much, too much pressure because I have to delegate, to hire, and to hire people
in my business. So I have to stop. I almost have to close my business.

And it's like, I discovered
something new to launch my online cursors. And here is where it's different and new. But
it's different. Here. It was very simple.

They used stories. Maybe it's because people, when
when, when, when, when listen stories, it's okay, I know what this story is. Maybe. And
they use stories and they create a special, a unique relationship with, to sell in a different
clothes and material in a very effective way. To create that special one, they use a simple
marketing technique called neural synchronization.

This one is something that happened in the brain
when you tell stories. And I tell the story that I invested with, with, with, with a mentor. And
he told me like, this one is the unique mechanics. And this is a very simple way. It's a simple way to
differentiate a world in any, in any market.

So it's like the mechanics work. I put the two, the two
things together. Can I stop you there? Yes. So, um, this is, this is really good.

But
I think it's a little bit of out of place. This feels more to me like, um, more of the getting
to, getting into the arguments side of things of how you discover this neural synchronization. More so the lead, where the lead should be more about the, you know, setting that emotional
hook for the prospects. So if you scroll back up to the very, very top. Yeah.

So as you're reading this and as I was reading this, I'm thinking, yeah, this is about
you. This is you, you, you, you, you, that's great for you. You had a bad life. Now you have
a great life, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. What about me?

What about me? I don't care about
you. I want to hear about me. So like if we can, if we, and again, that's, that that's about
you as well. So like, that's, you went from selling to launching.

It's like very little, you know,
the way Todd always talks about one word that we always want to use as much as possible in our copy
or as relevant is the word you, you and your and everything else. So if you scroll up to the very,
very beginning, like your lead may start off and you can still use elements of this in your, in your
lead and in your, in your messaging. But if you were to start off with saying, look, if you've been
struggling to get your online business off the ground, if you've struggled trying to get your webinars
to work, trying to get videos, we're trying to listen to the next latest whiz bang technique for
making money online. Um, this is, this video is for you because in this video, I'm going to share how
you can use neural synchronization to tap into, um, a, a way of selling online that, that, that you
don't need to use webinars. You don't need to use crazy, fancy videos.

You don't need to do X,
Y, and Z. And I'm going to share exactly how it's worked for me and my clients as well. That's like very simple. And that's all about you. That's all about the prospect.

And then you can go in to say, well, hi, my name is Javier and I lost everything or I lost
or nearly lost everything. I nearly lost my girlfriend, my life in Bali, my health from a
stress related humans once and forth, and I nearly lost my digital business. But thankfully neural synchronization and what I'm calling the splendor method actually
saved me. And in this video, I'm going to share how it, how that happened and how you can
use neural synchronization to generate life changing sums of money. Like I have, I
generate, I went from X to generating over $96,000 or 96,000 years in X short months.

So that that's kind of like, you're still using. Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello?

Hello? Hello? Hello? Yes? Hello?

Hey guys, sorry. My, my, my just, my internet just cut out there. Nice. I thought that that was me. No, sorry about that Javier.

So did you, did you get what I was saying? Yes. So the, yes, because whenever the, of the question that I want to, uh, speak with
you is, for me, if this test is not work, maybe create a new campaign. So it's very
true that we, um, work, we, we, we create a new lead with Michael and create a new, a new
campaign with, uh, only the, a new lead. Because what, what, what.

Yeah. I think the, I think the lead need, I think it's the lead that needs work because
the lead is, um, essentially if we break it down, the lead is all about you when the lead
should all be about prospect. Okay. So like if we were to change everything around there, like I said, if we, if we shift
the lead to be more like, um, like if, if you're, if you've been struggling with X, Y, and Z,
and if you're looking to achieve one, two, and three, then make sure you watch all of this
video. Cause I'm going to reveal how you can use neural synchronization to, to make life-changing
sums of money in as little as the next six weeks.

And then you, then we're setting the,
we're setting the emotional hook and we're getting that, the tie into them and what they
want to achieve before we go into your story and everything else. Cause at the beginning, if we look at your stats of the video stats, like the drop off
is very, very sharp. And it's all, all that drop off is when you're talking about yourself. And then when you get down to the, the nine minute Mark roughly, there's very little drop
off then it's very consistent all the way to the end. So that would suggest that the lead
is, um, the lead isn't resonating, but what you're saying after the lead is resonating.

Okay. But, uh, one thing more. You see neural, neural synchronization, it's another, it's another
kind of angle, no? To the, to the idea. Yeah.

That's, um, that, that was something else I was going to say. I mean, you mentioned
neural synchronization. And when I read that, that, that stood out to me immediately. But yeah, it's not, it's not on your landing page. Like that's, that's nearly the, that's,
that could be nearly your, your hook is like how I used neural synchronization, um, more so than
anything else that that's like, and, but I don't think you need to go testing the landing pages.

Is that like 28% now? I think it's okay. I think what you need to work on it is the, is the lead. Now maybe in the future you could test the landing page, but for now, um, it's the, I would, I would
be working on a new lead all about the prospect, all about what they're going to get all about
what they're going to achieve by consuming, by watching this video and, and, and everything else. Does that make sense?

Yes, for sure. Um, using like open loops for like in only five minutes, I want to tell you,
I, I will tell you like, blah, blah, blah, blah. In only three minutes, I will tell you this kind of stuff that I saw in the video with, with Todd. Maybe some idea to, to, to keep the attention in the video. Yeah.

I mean, like you could do, take a look at, um, take a look at some of our recent VSLs. If you want some links to them, I can dig out some links and send them to you. And like Todd, Todd's the master of doing VSL. So you can see, see how he sets the hook and he makes the opening part is all about you. It's all about what you're going to get, what you're going to achieve, what you're going to discover in the next few minutes of this video,
the outcomes that you can likely achieve from watching this video and so on and so forth.

And then he might go into a backstory about how this all came about, but he always leads with the, leads with the prospect. Okay. It's a good idea because I was, in my mind, like five, four tests is like, okay, I have to create a new campaign. But if we can't work the lead, I work the lead, I work the lead with Michael. And after we launch a new test and I will tell you, thank you.

Yeah. Cause I think, um, if you look at your, exactly where your cursor is there on the video, 925. If you look from there onwards in your VSL, sure there's a little bit of drop off, but it's very slight versus at the beginning it's massive. It's like, it's nearly like the, a 45 degree angle, which means that every few seconds someone is dropping off. Okay.

Can I, when I have the lead, can I send you to, to, for your opinion? Yeah, of course. You can send me an email. Um, you, you have my email, do you? Uh, I don't know.

Maybe yes. I'll, um, I'll send it here into the chat. Just because, uh, my, I, I, I, I, I, I ruined, I ruined my funnel. Yeah, I get it. I have, because I have three people also working in the funnel.

So I, every people in my team working on this. And we have more than three months of working on that funnel. Um, but I think that we, we are going to do that work. Yeah, I think I'm like, if we can get the lead working, um, we're going to be a lot better off. Because we'll have a lot more people, like if you had 250 leads, but only 30 of them had seen the offer,
that, that suggests that there's, you know, there's something serious, a skew ahead of that.

And the lead is going to be the, the major part of that. So I think that's, that's the ideal step for you. Uh, okay. And another thing is, uh, I have, uh, I am a bit worried about the urgency and scarcity in the, in the offer. Because I, uh, people in the marketing experience, I don't know if maybe USA is the same,
are, are used to, to see like a deadline to, to do the sale.

And Michael told me that maybe with the test is not necessary to put one clock or something like that. But what kind of urgency, uh, we can use in the, in the funnel, in the test for people give a powerful reason to, to buy. Because for me, my, in my business, normally I use like a deadline and always work. Now, now less because with the COVID, the market is changing a lot. But in the past, always work with a deadline.

But with this one, there is no deadline for the people, you know? So people is like, okay, I will buy in the future. Maybe, maybe, I don't know. I mean, like you, you can have, um, there's a couple of different ways you can do the,
what you don't want to do is have a fake deadline, but that's something that we, you know, you don't want to have a fake deadline. But what you could do is, I mean, you could, you could either, I mean, you have a couple of different options.

You could limit it to a certain amount of people if you wanted to. And then at least initially, or at least that your initial pricing that could be valid for a certain amount of people or for a certain amount of time. And like that this pricing is only, or maybe there's an extra bonus that's only available for X amount of days after the, after they see the offer that after, after three days or whatever, maybe one, one bonus disappears, whether it's a bonus, whether it's like a one-on-one call with you or whatever the case is that that's, then you can, that's more legitimate than just having a deadline for deadline sake. But for now, like I'd, I'd be, I wouldn't necessarily worry a whole lot about that right now. What I'd be worrying about is, is getting the lead right to, to get more people there, you know.

So, okay. I will see the videos for the lead and I will change the lead story for another lead. I will work with Michael and I will tell you. Thank you, John. Perfect.

Yeah. You can, you can share it with me. Once you get the lead redone, you can share it over me and I'll take a look at it. Okay. Okay.

And congratulations for your new job. Oh yeah. Thank you. Thank you to you. Yeah.

Thanks, Javier. My man, Sharag, how are you? Hey, John, how are you? I'm good. How are you?

Long time no see. You've been busy, man. You're busy closing sales. Busy closing sales. Well, the Coaches Academy got started and we got two months.

Two months and I was curious how the people are finding the program. So, during one of the two of the calls, I jumped in with the instructors and I asked each of the students. And all of them have a great things to say about the quality of the program and the instructions and the instructors. So, I mean, we were selling the program left and right, but we never knew how the quality is because I'm not a technical guy. So, after the first batch, we stopped marketing to see in these two months how good is the program.

And my German coach and my Indian coach looks like they are doing a good job of teaching these things to the physios and fitness trainers. So, that's a good testimonial. I'm going to get positive video testimonials from all the seven guys that we have sold. So, that's one thing. Yeah.

So, now we didn't make as many sales we would have loved to make in the first time, but now we are going to repeat the campaign since everything is set up. We just need to turn on the Facebook ads and do the webinars again and same thing. This time, we are going to plan to sell the low ticket item because we figured out we had 112 appointments, but we could sell seven of them. So, maybe people are new. I mean, we are new.

They don't trust us. This is pure online giving money to somebody. So, there might be some trust issues, I'm assuming. So, I'm going to go with the very low ticket where we'll just teach them for four weeks. One topic, low ticket, and then at the end of that course, once the relationship is built between coaches and the students, we'll sell the full program.

So, that's the change of strategy I'm going to do. Otherwise, the webinar is going to be the same. The syllabus is the same. I'm just going to teach them the subset of syllabus for four weeks for a low ticket price instead of six months program that we were selling before. So, any comments you have about having this strategy instead of selling the high ticket?

It sounds like you've taught it through. I mean, you're like based on what was 112 appointments you said? Yeah, yeah, 112 appointments. It sounds like the webinars were working extremely well. You were working extremely well to get the appointments.

But obviously, the sales conversion rate is where you kind of fell down. So, that sounds like it's definitely a good test this round, a good strategy to roll out this time around. What I would say is that if you could in there, like, either as part of when they're registering to schedule their call or maybe initially as part of the initial process on the call, just get a feel for where they are from a financial commitment point of view. Because you may have the opportunity to sell some people the higher ticket program versus the lower ticket program. Okay, I didn't get you the last one.

Can you repeat that? I didn't get you. John? Hello? Yeah, so what I was saying was, it sounds like it's a good decision to do that.

But what I would, if you can add in some sort of, either a question ahead of time before they schedule their appointment, or an initial question when you start talking to them on the phone, or on the thing is just to gauge their, what kind of financial commitment they're able to make. And if they can make a strong financial commitment, you may have the option to sell them the higher ticket rather than the lower ticket. I got it. Okay, okay. Okay, yeah, I was kind of thinking more on not doing the appointment since this would be low ticket, I would just allow them to pay through a credit card right there.

Or you think I should still go with the appointment? Well, I think the appointments were working. So it all depends on what what price is the lower ticket? Like how much lower is the lower ticket? Well, it's gonna be like, one fifth of what we were selling.

But you know what, I mean, it's not about the money right now, because once I sell them the low ticket, there is a very good chance because they get along very well with the coaches after four or five lectures. So I'm okay, doing the appointments. And then the because I mean, I had gold program, and I had a, I had a silver program and out of seven people for are even upgrading from silver to gold. So there is upsell within the existing batch also. Wow, that's brilliant.

Yeah, so I think the most important thing which we are we are missing is the connection between coaches and the students and which takes four to five classes to happen, you know, so I want to do that. So I want to take them to that fifth class by that by that time, they are already into the coaches completely surrender. Okay, well, in that case, I would do the lower ticket, but I would still do the appointments because, you know, the appointments were working, you know, you were getting people to schedule, you're getting people to show up and everything else. And but the way you were falling down was the amount of people taking the sale. So the only the only variable I would change is what you were talking about changing, which is just going to the lower ticket and then you know that a certain percentage will after five or six classes will then upgrade to the higher so I wouldn't I would keep the appointment if you're okay with that.

Okay, that's perfect. Yeah. So I won't look at the revenue at front. I'll just look at the lifetime value. Exactly.

Yeah. Okay, okay, perfect. And one more question, man. I mean, I was just observing your that new campaign cash pops or what do you call it? Is it cash pops, right?

Yeah. Yeah. I mean, how the hell did you come up with such a great web page and videos and layout and sales leader? I mean, this was amazing, man. I mean, I would love I mean, if any people are not waiting, I would love to understand how you take from idea to such a great execution.

I mean, I have four ideas playing like a circus in my mind, I just need a process how I can achieve this kind of result from idea to execution. I mean, amazing videos, your video, which is in the starting, the whole sales letter, and for $47 product this much, I mean, this is like overkilling. It's like killing a soldier with a with a airplane. Thank you. That's a, that's a, that's a really good way of putting it.

Yeah. So it, it, it, it, there's a lot of, a lot of goes in, a lot goes into the thinking and the talk process around the idea. Like a big part of it is we always start with the offer. We always start first and foremost with the offer. What can we put together that will make, that will really make people, you know, go crazy, make people want to get it.

And, and when they see it, that they want to think, oh, I need this, I want to get this and everything else. And then from there, you know, we always kind of like, we always want to make it stand out and be different to what's there available in the market currently. And we want to make sure that we, we do that. And then we go through the process of, of an E5 campaign. So we engineer, we have obviously the idea, we have the hook, we have the initial lead, and then we have the marketing argument and everything else.

It's essentially like that on the page is like, that's, that's, that's an E5 campaign done from start to finish, but it's, obviously we have the experience of being able to do it a little bit quicker than, than other people. But if you were going to, going through building an E5 campaign, that's essentially what we did, that, what we did with this offer. Okay, no, I get it, Ben. So let's say, I'm great at coming up with the ideas and my ideas out of not everybody, every idea works, but out of five, I come up with the three good ideas, which has some substance. Wow, that's three out of five is good.

Yeah, yeah, not bad. And I have proved it in the past. So my ideas are good. Then I, I'm also good at the offer. So I know what offer to put to make it sweet.

And people will really take it. So if I have to sit across some, across table with somebody, and if I have to explain by talking, I'm able to sell a lot of people, but these kinds of things, we need to sell it online and this process and everything. So let's say my offer is good. My idea is good. Now I need to convert those two things into the, into, into the media material that you guys have put it.

So who comes into the play after that? And I'm very bad at execution. I mean, I'm okay. 15 days project taking 25 days. I'm okay.

But how do I achieve this final result? So I think the two most important thing, the, the winning idea and the offer, both, I think I got to take care of it, but then converting this into such a big, such a beautiful product at the end product. That's where I struggle, I guess. So of course I need more team members, but if you can walk, walk us through a process or maybe small video, maybe, I don't know. I'm just throwing ideas.

How, how do we also as a student accomplish something like this? So, I mean, like there's a, there's a lot to unpack there. I mean, one thing I'd say is, um, you know, the, like the, you have your strong suit, you have your strengths and what you're really good at. And then like, like you said, the ideas and the offers, which is fantastic. And then in terms of getting someone from the execution side of things, say executing your E5 campaign, taking, taking what we share with you in the coaching and, and in the training videos with Todd and everything else,
taking that and turning that into an E5 campaign, if that's not your strength, well, then I would, I'd probably be looking at bringing on someone that you can either train to learn that, learn that through us, through our training and everything else,
or someone who already has, or look for someone maybe in the, the actual, you know, in the E5 nation group, you know, the, or Facebook group, maybe post them there saying you're looking for help with someone to, to, to actually build out the stuff for you.

Maybe there could be someone in there that might be able to help you at least to be able to take your ideas and take your offer and get them to market quicker. Okay. Okay. Makes sense. So, okay.

So, uh, first is idea. Second is offer. These two are the most important thing. As I understand from you, the third would be building the E5 campaign. And let's say I, I feel all those worksheets up to that point I can do, uh, because, uh, I, I, I, I'm the one who should be doing the research only then the, the first section of the E5 campaign is the research.

So, uh, uh, uh, I, I, I will be in charge of the research. And once I fill that sheet, uh, the, the, uh, word sheet of E5 campaign, those three things I can do, but anything after that, maybe I, I, I, I'll need a help. And that involves copywriter, right. That involves a graphic designer that involves everybody else. Right.

Yeah. Well, first and foremost, it'd be a, someone to take what you've done, filled out in those sheets and then turning it into, turning into like a VSL or long, a long form sales copy. But if you filled out those sheets that a lot of the work would be, you know, you'd be helping out the copywriter in a long way with that because a lot of the work will be done for them. Obviously they, they, they would need to take that and, uh, you know, turn it into copy, but a lot of the groundwork would be done. And then from there it did.

Yeah. Then it depends on what kind of copywriter you work with. So say for example, some copywriters are able to build out the pages as well while they're write the copy and then they'll build the pages, but then some are strictly copy. And then you might need a designer, but these days from a designer point of view, with the likes of click phones and everything else, the design is a lot easier to, to do than say before. It's not like it's, um, it doesn't need to be hard coded in HTML or anything like that.

So, um, like the, the main part of it is going to be getting someone who understands, um, or process understands an E5 campaign and then, you know, putting it together and then, um, getting the pages created in from there. Okay. Got it. That's, that's perfect. Okay.

Um, is it okay if I email, if I'm stuck in this process, I'll, I'll just email, uh, on the coaching email. Um, yeah, that's okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks, John.

Thanks. Nice to see your, uh, hear your voice after a long time. Yeah. Likewise, Shrek. Take care, man.

Yeah. You too. Thanks. Have we any other questions here? Um, Javier, have you any, any other questions we can cover?

Javier's, you muted there, Javier, just in case. Okay. Hey, uh, if somebody is not asking, asking anything, I'll just, uh, chip in, uh, John. So, uh, you are in Scotland, right? No, uh, Ireland.

Oh, Ireland. You play cricket? No, no, unfortunately not. I, I, I tried to, when I was in college, I tried, I, I went to a couple of, um, sessions and I tried to play, but I wasn't very good. No, no, but you understand cricket, right?

I mean, you know, you know, the game and everything. Yeah, I know the game. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

So, uh, I shared this when, with Todd, when I was in an acceleration, uh, acquisition acceleration group, but obviously he, he being from US, he didn't understand that. But, uh, I, uh, am about to strike a deal. Uh, you know, I have a tennis academy. So in the same way we are tying up for, uh, to open a world-class cricket academy in my city. Wow.

And guess who, with whom we are tying up? We are tying up with Sachin Tendulkar. Who? Sachin Tendulkar. Wow.

He's a, he's a, that's a big deal. Yeah. He's a, he's like a Michael Jordan of cricket. Wow. That's amazing.

Yeah. And their partner is Middlesex County in London. Uh, they, their home ground is Lords. Wow. That's, that's, that's fantastic news.

Uh, yeah, man, this, this is the biggest deal of my life. Uh, I mean, uh, I can, I cannot be more thrilled. So, uh, we'll be signing contract hopefully by end of this, uh, month. And then, uh, within five, six months, we'll have to start the academy. Uh, and such a, yeah, wall-based brand.

So, uh, I just need to build an E5 campaign on the top of that. And my, my product, uh, which, uh, I gave them an idea, which was not, so their, their offering was the kids coaching, uh, cricket coaching. But I asked them to add the adult cricket tournaments and leads where people like your and my age would go out and play cricket for fun, you know, and under such a, under such a big brand, there are thousands of people, uh, in India already playing adult cricket, but they are being done on unorganized way. So we are going to put them under this brand and make it more organized and then, uh, make them play tournament and like all marketing hoopla under which, uh, under Sachin's, uh, Tendulkar and Lord's brand, they can play. So that's fantastic.

Jeez. You're, you're going to take over. Yeah, man. Yeah. So this is amazing.

So we signed the thumb sheet and, uh, you are the only one in E5 team who understands what is cricket. So I think you're the best guy to share this. Well, I'm delighted for you. That's fantastic news. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

So, uh, soon I will be taking your help for E5 campaign for Middlesex County. Yeah. Well, um, I, I look forward to it cause, uh, that, that, that's really, really exciting. Jeez. I'll have to share, I'll share that with the team as well.

Cause they, they might not understand the cricket, but they'll understand the, the, the scope of the deal and how it's such a, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Michael, nothing less than Michael Jordan of, uh, basketball or Roger Federer of tennis, nothing less than that. That's, that's fantastic.

Sorry. I just responded to a message that Javier sent in the chat. Okay. Okay. Yeah.

Go ahead. That's brilliant. Uh, yeah, Javier. So, um, to be honest, I think it's either or, either or, either or is, either or is fine. It's the same.

I mean, my personal preference, I mean, is going to be whatever, whatever's easier for you. Um, but yeah, I think it's, um, it's, it's, it's pretty much, it's going to be the same. Yes. And for me, it's easier with a, with a screen because to recording with me, I have to, to a frame of what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what people with me. I have to memorize the leaf because if I read the leaf with a camera, it's not so natural, you know, so I think that's very, for me, it's easier to do without, without the camera and without the pointer and reading the screen.

That makes sense. Okay. Thank you. I hope that the, this week, I will show you the new leaf. Okay.

Thank you for the support. Yeah. Brilliant. Thanks, Javier. Thank you to you.

Okay, guys, if there's no more questions, what we'll do is we'll wrap up today's call and I will hopefully see you all on Monday's call. Okay. Thank you. Thanks guys. Thank you.

Cheers, Shiraq. And congratulations again. Thank you, man. Thank you. I'll talk more about it next time.

Brilliant. Bye, Shiraq.
