---
title: "Media Buying 2022-01-31 20:00:31"
date: 2022-01-31
duration: 1h 34m
duration_seconds: 5657
vimeo_id: 672127801
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Media Buying 2022-01-31 20:00:31

**Date:** 2022-01-31 | **Duration:** 1h 34m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hey, Matt, how are you? Pretty good. So what's been happening with these question calls for the last three weeks or so? Yeah. Let's see.

Just help some people with ads, did a little workshopping and mocked up some new variations. We've changed an opt-in page that wasn't getting much attention or opt-ins. A few people were at like 10% opt-in or so, so we worked on their opt-in pages. Hey, Matt. Hi.

Are you back? I'm back. Did you have an amazing time? I had a great time, yeah. Fantastic.

Well, congrats. Good to see you back. Has your campaign been launched? Yeah. You're kicking ass.

Do you know what? It absolutely has flopped. Really? Yeah. What way?

Actually. So the click-through rate, you know, I used the sensitive image as an image, and I think
we were doing like 3%. It was quite good. I think it was over 3%, so that was quite good. But when they got to the landing page, there was pretty much no clicks, no conversions.

So the lead ad, yeah, with the image and everything was doing nicely, but when they got to the
landing page, it's just absolutely, you know, nothing really. Well, so like, let's take a look at that, because we want to obviously make sure we want
to drill in to see exactly why that may have been, because, I mean, I don't want to, when
you say it's flopped, I mean, flopped means... Well, when I say that, so from the ad itself, initially, the click-through rate was, you
know, over 3%, so the ad and the image, you know, and the creative seemed to be doing
the trick. It seemed that what was failing miserably was kind of the landing page. Okay, well, do you want to pull up some stats and we can take a look?

Yeah. So what do you want to look at first? Pull up the, so you're saying the landing page was the problem, so pull up the stats
and click funnels for the landing page. Yeah, you know. We'll take a look at those.

Let me just grab that. One second. And Matt, you can bounce if you want, Matt. I know you're working on some campaigns, so you don't have to stick around if you don't
want to. Cool.

Yeah, I'll take a look at this landing page. I want to see that again. And probably bounce after. Cool. So I did, I did update the, hold on, I did change the page a little bit.

I did two variations and I amended it, which I haven't. Well, no, actually, you know what? It looks like I've still got it. Hang on. Let me see if it's, yeah, here we go.

Just bear with me, John. I'll just share. Hey, Steve. Yeah. How are you?

Doing well. Can you see that, John? Yeah. So I don't, so can I request controlled access there? Yeah.

Give me one second. I want to just, sorry, hang on. Let me just give you a, one minute. Okay, you've got, you've got access. So I'm going to request it again because.

Oh, okay. Just request it again. And I did a variation on the, on the right. Let's see. When did you turn on the ads?

Do you remember? Oh, God, I think, I think it was, well, I turned it off and then I turned it on again. And then, so we were getting a decent click through and then I turned it on again. And again, it's, I don't know, does that, you find that normally affects the ads if you
turn it on and turn it off. So you've got 26 leads and one sale during your test.

Is that right? Yeah. The sale was actually from an existing customer, which is, I mean, all good, but. Okay. So, so let me see.

Fatigue recovery opt-in page 7.34%. Do you want to click on the fatigue recovery? There was two, I did two versions of the page initially. It looks like there was something wrong with the variation page. Maybe the, the, the form wasn't configured correctly.

But it looks like, so even like, even if you just go on the, I mean, something's off here
anyway, the stats, cause the same 26 opt-ins were 18 from the control and zero from the
other. So there's something off there, but even looking like, we'll just take it, the, the universal
level up to 26 opt-ins for 7.34%. So now let's take a look at the, let's take a look at the actual ads. So can you open up Facebook? Yeah.

I've got it. I've got it open actually. Can you see, are you seeing Facebook now? Yeah. Perfect.

So over the same time period, um, which was spent. So spent 186 meant med 297. So I wouldn't call that a total flop. Oh no, no. I mean, I get what you mean.

I get what you mean. I mean, like, like, remember this is what we're looking at here is, um, an MDF and we
wanted to gauge the initial results. And now we like, we, we know like based on, okay, we've a little bit of data on the, the,
we've used pretty much the same ad, but different variations, which is fine. But it's like the, I wouldn't say it's a total flop. I'd say it's a initial start and there's to spend 186 and to make 297 on an initial test
with a brand new offer, brand new VSL.

And with a really poor opt-in rate is, is a positive thing in my mind. Okay. And do you know what, John, what, what, um, what really comes through for me is what
you guys were saying from day one, get something out and test it. Yeah. That's what, that's what the initial MDF is all about.

And you did that. Now, Facebook is showing two purchases for, for some reason, but we'll just ignore their
data. We've got to go on the data inside of ClickFunnels because we know that that's correct. Yeah. So looking at the, let me just put up here, um, okay.

What are we looking at here? The one that has the mosque. I think it was feeling fatigued with the, I think was the best performer. Okay. Um, yeah, that looks to be the case.

Uh, did you check the, um,
I turned off tired all the time, which wasn't really doing much. It's interesting. We've got some haters on who were really pissed off about the sensitive content. Um, yeah, that's what I was going to check. I want to check them.

Did they have, um, was there many negative comments or anything like that? It wasn't too bad. We had a couple. It really wasn't. I think it was like two or three.

Okay. So yeah. So like the, let me just pull up this ad again. So let's see. Okay.

So just with this type of a click through rate and one ad, which is one variation of
an ad now, um, like Matt, Matt will tell you this as well. One thing with Facebook that we want to keep doing is, you know, we want to keep, keep to
create a side of things. It's much more cumbersome than something like YouTube, like YouTube. We can run one creative that works well. Like for a long time, if you take Steve, some of Steve's creatives, some of his best
videos have been running since for months and months.

And like, that's the case with YouTube versus with something like Facebook. If you were, which I would recommend you to continue this and to hop, to optimize a landing
page, we would probably be looking at, you know, fleshing out some new creators and everything
else. Maybe not at the beginning, because we know that the creative side is not the issue. The issue is that will be the landing page, but just keep that in mind that Facebook
is a lot more time intensive in terms of creative than what YouTube can be. So just, just keep that in mind.

So does that mean we need more creative? Not, not, not immediately because creative isn't the issue. Now, if your click-through rates were less than 1% and not performing well, then creative
is the issue. What we always want to look at with our MDF is where's our bottleneck. And if you're getting 3% click-through rates, 2% click-through rates, 1.34% click-through
rates, and you're getting people clicking over to the page, but then just those people are
just not opting in, the opt-in rate is the bottleneck.

So then a decision we need to make is, is it, are they not opting in because of the messaging
or are they not opting in because they don't want to opt in and they're, they're not, they're
not expected to opt in based on what they're seeing on the ad. And then when they get over to the page, they, um, there might be that bit of a disconnect
between opting in and not opting in. So one of two tests that we could do, um, we should do is, um, either switching up the
landing page copy or, uh, removing the opt-in and driving direct into, directly to the video
and see what that does. Um, okay. Uh, removing the opt-in and just letting them go straight to the video.

Yeah. So like, just, just, so we want to get, so we, we tested, we spent $190, say 190 pound
or whatever, and generated 297. So in an MVF, when you just generate, I know it was an existing customer and how they got
in there. That's something to discuss afterwards. But like, when you, when you, when you run an MVF and you get a positive result like
that, that's extremely, extremely good.

And to like the, no, it's not, we know exactly where they had to have watched the video because
otherwise, of course, of course, of course they would have watched the video, but the,
um, the main issue is we want to figure out where a bottleneck is. And we know that the bottleneck is a landing page. So then we, we have to make a decision on, is it going to be easier for us to optimize the
landing page from 7% to something like 30% where we would like it to be, or is it going
to be easier to just remove the, the bottleneck and see, can we get around it without the need
for the, for the opt-in page? So that's, um, I would probably, in terms of getting more eyeballs on the video, that's
what I'd probably test first is just change the links in your ads from the landing page
to the actual sales page. Right.

Okay. Um, and do you know what, what I did notice was, uh, it was interesting. The, the, the people that did opt in, they wouldn't even put their names in. They just put like a letter AB or something. And I mean, it was, it seemed to me the vibe that I got was people just really were not
happy to opt in.

Yeah. And, um, that may be the case, but, um, I, I'd, I'd later let the, um, let the data
decide that. Yeah. So I just want to check one thing with the, with the ads, the campaign setup that we were
set up for here. I think this cost per thousand impressions looks good.

Okay. So, so you're optimizing for purchase. Yeah. And not optimizing for lead. No.

Yeah. Okay. So this is, this is, this would be another reason why your opt-in rate was so low, but
you, you had a, you had a, you like the, it's kind of a catch 22, um, with an MVF, if we
have a landing page in front of someone, we always want to optimize for, for lead. If we were driving directly to the sales page, we would optimize for purchase. The only way we would optimize for purchase with a lead at the beginning is in, when we
know we have something that's converting really well.

And we know that when we drive traffic to it, we're going to get sales, but we want to bypass
the lead, uh, optimization because we're driving so much traffic that we know we're going to
get leads and we know we're going to get sales. But for an MVF, um, your, your part, your optimization event should be lead because that's
the first thing that you're optimizing for. And like the, so like you can just forget what I just said about removing the, the, the,
the, the landing page opt-in, because this, this is the reason why you've got such
a low opt-in rate because you, you've chose to optimize for purchase instead of optimizing
for lead. And what does that mean? That's messing up Facebook's algorithm.

It means Facebook is trying to find people who will purchase from a small dataset. And in order for them to, in order for Facebook to successfully find a person, they have to opt
in. They have to watch all of the video. They have to click on the order button. They have to go to the order form page.

They have to fill out all their order form details, put in a credit card and then hit
purchase. Now, obviously that's what we want to want people to do in the long run, but in order
for us to get data quickly, we just want to optimize for the lead, which is essentially
none of all those steps is essentially go to the landing page, put in your details and
go to the next page. That's what it is. So in terms of the, the, the, uh, the event, um, that I'm using for the, um, for the lead
conversion, would it be to actually put the link in for the sales page that they've landed
on? No, the, what you're going to, the only thing you're going to change now is you're going
to change this.

You'll probably have to do it in a new campaign depending on just the conversion event you're
going to optimize for is lead, not purchase because then that's telling me. So when people, then people's going to find more people to opt in, which is going to drive
up your opt-in rate dramatically. I'd see your opt-in rate, um, should jump from that 7% to roughly, I'd say it above 25,
30% within a couple of days because Facebook is going to be better able to optimize for the
lead because you're dealing with such a small data set. And of course it came back, you were saying limited learning. And that's because Facebook wants 50 purchases, 50 purchases in a week, whereas there's no
way you're going to get 50 purchases in a week at the budget that you're at and at the
small amount of traffic you're driving, which is fine because you only want to drive a small
amount of traffic because there's an MDF and the MDF was to test the initial messaging
to see if people wanted it.

And it didn't get the fair shot with the lead, with the conversion event set to purchase. But at the same state, at the same point, you still did get a purchase, which, which
is, it's a little bit skewed because that purchase was an existing customer, but it's, um, it's
positive nonetheless. And I think that's a great, it's a great lesson, a really good lesson. So it's certainly not a flop. Okay.

Thank you. Yeah. It just needs a little bit of tweaking. That's all. Do you want to, do you, uh, so do you want to see the landing page or the ClickFunnels page?

I've seen the landing page. Um, I wouldn't even change that at all. The only thing I would change is set up the campaign exactly as you set it up, but just
change your conversion event from purchase to lead. And just make sure that on your landing page, on the thank you page, that lead event is firing,
which we, I know we, before I went away that we tested that and it was working. But I wasn't using the thank you page.

Um, I haven't got the thank you page. I'm sorry, the sales page, whatever page to land on after the opt-in is what I mean. Um, yeah. So do I set the, do I have to set the event up for that sales page? Yeah.

Can you just go through? Yeah. So can you hop back into ClickFunnels there for a sec? Yeah. Sure.

Hold on. Hi, Nadine. Here we go. Do you want, do you want to? Okay.

So do I still have control here? I think I do. Yeah. I think, uh, you have control? Yeah.

Yeah. Thanks, uh, John. Okay. Okay. So what we want to do, this is, um, so after the opt-in, what page should we go to?

Um, so it's actually, uh, the fatigue recovery landing. Okay. It's the, uh,
So you go to this page here. Yep. Copy link.

So can you hop back into Facebook there again? So for every page where we want to count to conversion, we have to tell Facebook what that
conversion is first and foremost. We do that through the, um, through the Facebook URL parameter set up to. So which, which, which pixel is it again? Uh, we had, uh, well, I had a lead, um,
Um, no, see your pixels either.

So you have three pixels here. Oh yeah, sorry, 850, the top, the top pixel. It's the top one. Okay. So then we go down here and see where it says add events.

Yeah. We're just going to do it from the pixel. Open the event set up to. Now I'm pretty sure we did this already. Um, so we should be okay, but I just wanted to, there's no point changing it and running the ads
unless this is set up correctly.

Yeah. Yes. Uh, uh, that's why I wanted you to show me and make sure I get it set up properly. So did, did Facebook open up in a new tab for you there, Mark? Cause I can't see anything here on my side.

Uh, sorry, a new tab. Is there anything? Oh, here we go. Pixel wasn't detected on this website. Check the URL you've entered.

Oh, do you know what? It's possible. Maybe I didn't enter it in the, I need to put it into the funnel. The, uh, well, that's, that's going to be another reason why the things weren't working
the way you wanted them to work as well. Okay.

So it's saying pixel wasn't detected on the website. So that's something that needs to be, um, put in there. And then we need to designate the, the URL events. So do you know how to install the pixel on the page? Um, if you can show me, if you wouldn't mind, I just, um, I have done it before.

I haven't done it for a little while. Um, so that, so there's a couple of, there's a couple of areas as to why this thing wasn't
working properly. Absolutely. Yeah. Um, so this is our, uh, pixel code.

Yeah. So we're going to copy this code and you want to jump back into click funnels. Yep. We'll go over here to settings. Now you may have just installed the wrong pixel code.

That's it. Okay. It's not in this. Yeah. So the pixel isn't installed in this at all.

Okay. Um, we just have to paste. Now it may take up to 24 hours for Facebook to recognize it. Yeah. So what would that mean in terms of the whole, the whole.

So basically you were sending, you were sending traffic to a landing page, telling Facebook
to optimize for something. And it didn't know how to optimize because you had no pixel installed. Um, so you probably, you likely got a, an error from, um, Facebook when you were setting
up the ads, but you may have just ignored it and press publish really quickly. Um, but usually they would have tested and seen that the page, the link, the URL that
you were sending to had no pixel installed and usually you would flag up something and
say that, but you may just close that down, uh, quick, quickly and just, just to publish
the campaign. Got it.

Um, so let me see, okay, let me go back to steps. Well, that's gold dust. Thank you very much. That's really a lot of mistakes there on my part. Well, these are just simple things.

And, and look, the data with it, with the data you did send, even though the data was
flying blind, you still met a sale. So that's positive. It's unbelievable. I mean, it's like, it's like taking off in an airplane and flying across the Atlantic
with, with blinkers on and you still did it. So
Now, let me just test this page here to make sure our pixel is
Okay.

Can you send this link to me in the chat as well? Yep. Sorry. Sorry. Do you want me to do it now?

Yeah. You've got the pixels successfully installed. So now what we want to do is you hop back to Facebook there again. Yep. Okay.

Okay. So can you grab the, um, the sales page URL with the video and just paste that in there? Okay. Okay. That's the registration one.

Oh, yeah. Okay. So just grab the, yeah. Would it be this one? Yeah, that one's fine.

It's going to redirect anyway. So that's fine. Okay. Just go back into Facebook. Just paste it in there.

Click open website. Yeah. So see, um, we want to, when people land on this page, we want to tell Facebook that anybody
that visits this page is a lead. But at the minute, um, Facebook has no idea that someone that visits this page is a lead. So if we even now, if you were to reset up the campaigns, optimizing for, for lead, the
results would still be really bad because Facebook has no way to tell who is a lead.

So we need to tell Facebook who is a lead. And how we do that is we hit this track of URL. Yeah. And we're going to do URL contains. Yeah.

Now, one thing that may mess things up is that you're using this gobbledygook at the end of
your URL, which is a nightmare. And if you remember before, what we said to do was, um, to have a naming convention for
all your URLs. So if it's like photononfusion.com for like for, we use the naming convention we always used
just to keep everything coherent is for registration pages. We use like opt-in pages or landing pages. We always use whatever the, the, the funnel is dash reg.

So say for photononfusion.com, if we're setting the, whatever the, the photononfusion kit, we
might call it P I K dash reg. And then the sales page will always be dash details. And the order page will always be dash order. And the, the order confirmation page will always be dash confirmation or something like
that. Now at the minute yours is webinar registration, gobbledygook, which a, they're not registering
for a webinar.

So it shouldn't be webinar registration. And B from a tracking point of view to tell Facebook to track a URL that contains all of
this information with all these random numbers can be a nightmare from a tracking point of
view. Okay. So just as an example, what should I have then for the, uh, go back to click funnels and
I'll show you, and we'll have to do this all over again. But so that first opt-in I'm getting rid of this cause there's nothing here.

Okay. You don't need this opt-in. It's just confusing. So for your opt-in, because you're using the photon and fusion URL and you're only going
to be sending your, um, you're only sending the photon and fusion people here for this
offer, just call it dash rage. Okay.

Yeah. And then for your split test, it's dash C for control and dash V for variant. So if we go on here, this is going to be all like, look at this all gobbledew. This is a nightmare for tracking. So what we want to do is just have dash C for the control variation of your split test.

Yup. And then this one is just going to be control or dash V for variant. And look at this, a webinar registration, blah, blah, blah, blah. And it's, it's, it's just a, an absolute pain in the backside. And what about, should I change the name of it?

Webinar registration. The name doesn't really matter because you have the global name here, which is fine. Okay. Yeah. And then for your, for your landing page, the easiest thing to do again, look at this
more gobbledygook here.

Um, Oh my God. And this is just something that you can do for every single page you create, have the
exact same naming convention, because then, you know, if you're trying to think of a URL
on the top of your head, what's that sales page for that offer again? Well, you know what the offer is photon infusion, which might be PI and then the, well, the sales
page is always going to be dash details. So you'll know that it's PI dash details and you, you won't have to think about it. And it's just, just for a piece of mine and for, uh, clarity and for consistency, it's
just keeps it super simple.

So for this, because you're just using the photon, um, infusion URL, we'll just call this
details. And the reason why we call it details, we don't want to say a sales page because people aren't,
aren't silly these days when you see the URL and it says sales page, they're not, they
know they're going to be sold to it. Where if it just says details, it's just the details of whatever it is. Yeah. So for here, then again, we'll just remove this nonsense and we'll just put in dash C for
control and dash V for variant.

Yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah. A hundred percent. A hundred percent.

And this is great. We're doing this now because it enables me now for all campaigns and all pages and whatnot
to get the convention sorted out. This one isn't so bad. Can I call you back? I'm in a meeting.

Can I call you back? Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. My. I don't know.

so what do you normally do for the thank you pages to say thank you
either thank you or order confirmation or something like that the only issue with if
you're using order confirmation is that if you have the if you just designate in your
tracking contains order dash c that will also pick up order confirmation because of the way
it's set up so i'd like to have it something different than the order page okay
this is great thank you so much it's uh i can't believe i made so many mistakes with the room
weren't paying attention well something i don't know so now what we got to do we got to jump back
into um just going to copy this
jump back into to facebook beginning there
i just click cancel oh no i actually don't hit disconnect oh it doesn't matter you can hit
the open event setup tool there again i just paste there
just hit open website
you can already see it just reads that much easier as well the url it's not like webinar registration
dash blah blah blah blah blah go no we're gonna track url so track url and then we want to do url contains
sorry go ahead yeah
and we want to do lead
so what about the variation order control does it we will we'll probably have to do that again so
typically we do this before we turn on a split test so you turn on a split test before like this is the
first thing to do which of your page is done and then after that you worry about split tests and
everything else but you did it the other way around so you'll likely you'll have to do this again for the dash c
can you zoom out there so we can scroll down to the bottom view because i can't see the rest
there we go just hit that confirm
yeah
so now when people land on this page you know it's uh
it's facebook knows it's the lead so then we just hit finish setup
finish
thank you very much okay
amazing
do you always do url contains
yeah because if i'm using any tracking parameters that will also include it i ask because if it's
if it's url equals and you have tracking parameters on the end of your url
then it won't get it won't get picked up because the url doesn't equal that but if
it's url contains it'll pick it up even if you have extra parameters on the end of the url
got it
just hit finish setup
it'll be exciting to see the uh uh you and you your recommendation is to start a whole new
campaign same repeat it but new campaign absolutely yeah okay
done you haven't verified your demands either
no i thought i'd done that actually do um
i'm sure i'd done that for that as a strange
so do you install this code on your website
um well i i don't have a website it's just it's just under you under you well and did you install this
code on the url inside the click funnels no well then yeah so it's not verified so we'll just do
it now quickly well that's that's the wrong one there we want to do it for
um which it's which which ad account is it sorry which was
so where where have you the photon infusion url installed
um on click funnels no no but where in facebook or what business account
uh it'll be get fit it should be get fit limited yeah okay so you haven't even you haven't done it
here at all so we have to do it now
do you know i just added it to click funnels for the uh
you jump across to click funnels
and go back into click funnels
can i can't can i cancel that or yeah cancel it
hold on i'll just do it here
can you find the funnel there and bring it up
go over here to settings
okay
okay
okay
okay
okay
okay
so i'd sorted out the domain for click funnels but not for facebook
yeah yeah so jump across to facebook again
okay
now hit verify to me
scroll
now
on that verified domain it may take that you see usually takes up to 72 hours facebook to
to configure it sometimes it's quicker sometimes it's not okay so we'll just likely we'll just likely
have to wait that time and okay now you can run ads without a domain verified but you're not going to get
the um like facebook there's there's a chance you can get blacklisted
and you don't wait yeah wait yeah
okay and then once you have the domain verified you can just go in
reset up the campaign but make sure you choose the optimization event lead
and you're good to go
sorry can you just repeat that once you have the domain verified set up the campaigns again like
you had exactly like you had in facebook we just change the optimization event from purchase to
to lead got it and then do everything else the exact same fantastic thank you very much amazing
hey steve how are you i'm doing well welcome back thanks
hopefully it was a wonderful trip it was um very very exciting and different and lots of things
true is off but it was all good good um so uh i just had a quick question follow-up on the spreadsheet
i was trying to go through um and show james this is the um i guess fill you in since uh since we last talked
um we went through and uh we're updating some of the tracking capabilities within google to make sure
that we were you know we extended the the view window um to be able to get anyway it i think that's
now all working the sales that we've had since then i think for tracking except for ones where um
um like we got one the other day but the guy used to completely different uh contact information
right okay and he decided to purchase he you know it's a different email different everything's new
um so i wouldn't expect those to truly track through because they're as if they're a different
identity right yeah if if you were using something like uh hyros or something like that those purchases
would get picked up but yeah i see what you're saying yeah um so what i was doing is in in what
i'm sharing here which is your spreadsheet um i was going to ask if you could walk me through how
to make this thing work again uh because make the spreadsheet work or make the the funnel work
no the funnel well i i got 13 sales over the month right so uh the last the the middle few weeks
everything kind of went dormant um the viewership was consistent everything was consistent except the
purchases uh but at the end of the day you know cost per sale of the one uh ad that was that we
focused on that's you know that we've narrowed into the audience but you know 120 to get the 347
i'll take that all day long right absolutely i like that i was going to look at i know there's
some there's a couple of reds in this spreadsheet which would give you optimization points but if we
look at the main the like we can have a conversation with erity wrong with jamie and our team about this
we can sometimes get lost in data when they're like when you look at the main statistics you spent 1500
you generated four and a half thousand i mean like that's a that's it's a nothing other than a win
and um that's the that's always the first thing we look at how much do we how much do we spend how
much do we make and then after that it's like okay how much were we expecting to make were we
expecting to make 150 000 after spending 15 1500 or whatever the case is and then we drill back and
then okay did we hit our expected amount yes okay keep spending money did we not hit our expected
amount no okay why and then that's when we tackle these these traffic lights and in this system here
so the the real spend um with all campaigns is uh 23 69 47 and that that was actually um
what sparked the question right because when we did this originally uh we went through it really quick
and it was let's just throw in the numbers and then this will it'll highlight areas to look at
um so if i went in here for the the total spend it was 23 69.47 um so without changing
where the business you know the number of visitors is going to change the number of leads is going to
change all of that sort of bit does change um but to your point the top level numbers
you know 182 for the 45 uh yeah revenue of 4500 spend of 2400 still still good right yeah um
and like had gm just like take a little strategic step back here for a second before we drill into
numbers so in crazy numbers aside like you know 10 to 1 returns and everything else have you a
a number in mind that you're you're because at the minute you're you're you're still in level one
if like the way todd talks about there's three levels of acquisition aggression there's a level
one where you're looking to make a profit on the front end level two is where you're breaking even
on the front end and level three is where you're happy to go negative on the front end because you know
you make it up in the back end now as far as i'm aware there is no major back end for you guys it's
just that you have your main your main offer here and maybe some other extra offers down the line and
everything else but there's no major back end so a level three is probably out of the question
and to some degree um i know you're you're essentially a non-profit but you still want to
generally make a profit from this campaign here so level two is essentially out as well so then at what
what level of level one are you at are you looking to make um like for every dollar you put in you
make a dollar fifty or you make two dollars or or three dollars or what level did you want to be at
because that that answer determines it really determines how and where you take this right now
so the the target that we were after earlier was one to get three right so uh you know if i'm spending a
dollar and i can get three um then that's that's kind of the sweet spot um that's kind of that's
that's that's cash machine yeah um so uh honestly if i just look at the first campaign we're pretty darn
close right absolutely 120 for 350 um is that that's getting pretty pretty close to that yeah um
but uh when in in the ideal scenario it's really that cost per acquisition should be a hundred dollars
or less uh which is even a little bit lower than the one for three but and originally when you when
you came at that and again we're still talking strategic level here which is it's i think it's
important to discuss because there's looking at these numbers we've laid them out here that there's
there's there's a ton of opportunity depending on which way you go but originally when you when you
when you decided at the we don't want to spend more than a hundred dollars to make a sale what how did
you come to that number uh it was i guess historical markers of where where and how we were spending money
in in various campaigns okay um so in the blended model between in-person classes and online classes and
kind of where we were we're going and coming from uh that was the target and then when we first um
and remember the uh uh some of this is taking into account our spanish side of the coin where um
um we're the the cost of acquisition of the spanish people the spanish speakers is much lower but the
profit over there is is much lower as as well right we're not yeah they don't generate the same sort of
revenue so um the cost per acquisition here is kind of a blend of the historical factors as well as
what sort of revenue are we getting on that side uh and you know profit margins and expenses from there
which this kind of has to fund if if that makes sense yeah that makes sense yeah um so anyway um
looking at uh
uh so not i'm not upset with these um i i wish there were more right we were in the first half of
the month we were hitting that that target where things were one a day yep we're pretty darn close
anyway um actually it's on this spreadsheet i can tell you um you know so it was two on the fourth two on the
six seven eight four you know when then we had a break got the 14th 15th and then it was kind of
every few days that were they were coming in but these were the the sale dates
um and that that nets to to 13. um yeah i'll take it it's still profitable that's good um
um so um plugging in here um like to get the units sold so those two just to just pause there for
six seats so those 13 units came from a campaign or campaigns that spent 1500 give or take is it
correct they all were off of the same campaign same campaign okay which was the 1570. so like that's um let's let's let's focus there for a second so how many other campaigns were running
them for their remaining 800 or so uh so there's the retargeting and the targeting the retargeting
i'd keep on because it's retargeting and that's fine right um and then the other was that second video
which was the the use case video of you know i struggled speaking spanish but watch this um and
i've basically uh basically turned that one down or off um i don't think it's all the way off it may
be down to five dollars or something but okay yeah because i just the reason why i'm getting to that is
that if we um if in january you found a trend that the the original campaign is still performing the
best or this campaign that's been spending 1500 1600 is still performing the best that's exactly
what i would have done as well i would have turned on the other one and start to pour the gas on this
this other campaign and it may be the case like there's there's a bit of a yes we could optimize the
i mean 30 percent opt-in rate is still pretty good even though it's showing up as red there
the order form completion rate that would be um that's something that we could probably look at
in terms of optimizing that um and then like they having a like to really scale this in a big way
there's one of two things in my mind if this if i was in charge of share lingo and i was like okay
what do we need to really do to scale this going on the basis of this one campaign that there's still
a lot more opportunity with it the video has still a lot of life left left in it which
i'm assuming it does because the stats are nearly always give or take one two three percent in that
ballpark i mean they're always really good so that would suggest that there's a lot of life left in the
video itself that you're running but if i was like i said i really see two areas of opportunity with this
to really pour on the gas to really not only hit that sale a day consistently but but completely blow
past it and either one would be to increase my allowable cost for acquisition to maybe something
like um 150 maybe towards maybe a little bit higher and take a little bit of a hit on the cpa
and knowing that i'm going to get more volume so you're getting a lot more volume with a higher cpa
or um well still do that but simultaneously add in an upsell offer to offset and increase my average
car value at the same time okay now the easiest thing to do is to just get more aggressive with
what you're allowed to spend or what you're willing to spend to get to sale and then i don't know how
you feel about adding an additional offer what that offer could look like that you know it takes a
little bit of it's not just a case of stick something in there and hope for the best because that's not
what you want to do you want to make sure whatever you do put in there is in not only in the best
interest of the people that are buying your course but also um gives them you know a better shot at
succeeding or an easier way of succeeding whether it's um i don't know thinking off the top of my
head maybe it's a book ending one-on-one sessions or something like that i don't i don't know what it
is i mean you'd have to think about it but that that's an option as well because if that could help
you get your aov to north of 400 and then you could go up to 200 if you wanted to on a cpa
and then while you're not getting one to three return you could scale at a big big level getting
one to two return and get a lot of volume and then like in terms of any kind of competition that might
be out there you're willing to spend 200 to a customer to get a customer and they they may be
scrambling trying to get customers for 20 30 dollars and then there's no competition so i
would i'd probably start with the um having the conversation to see if you do have a little bit
of wiggle room to to um to to extend your cpa now the goal isn't to okay let's raise our cpa to 150 and
see if we can get it to 150 the goal is just give you a bit of a cushion because it's kind of a catch
22 when your budget is at this and like it's a it's a it's not a small budget by any stretch of
imagination but when your budget is kind of in that range of less than you know less than 5k
making the making the jump from a from an or a y point of view doesn't necessarily happen it happen
all the time from making those incremental tweaks sometimes it's about getting the volume
so the algorithm can learn that much quicker and start feeding the right people through so you might
see your lead costs go up slightly but you see your volume going up that much more as well which
can when you increase your allowable cpa it just gives the platform that much more room to spend to
find you the right buyers and that could be the better strategy rather than trying to hone in on
get the opt-in rate to 35 percent get the order form completion rate to 40 percent because even at a
one to two this is uber profitable i mean it's it's like it's massive potential right if you're
putting in one dollar getting two dollars i mean even i mean we had a conversation earlier on today
with damon and he was like if they if they have the opportunity to put a dollar in i make 80 cents back
on the front end or 70 cents back on the front end he'd bite the handoff all day long because he'd have a
back end strategy now you're back in that may be a conversation for again but for right now because
you're in the level one um i still think there's a lot of wiggle room to to really pour the gas on
even more so i'd i'd have that conversation if you if you could i and i will um as so as of right now uh the cpa
value is really and it's a target right so there are no restrictions at the moment like you know i
don't have a hey you have to hit this number or whatever it's you know right basically james is
like stay profitable at the moment right we're we're bringing in more than we're spending um
but uh which is which by the way in this in this market with the amount of craziness for tracking and
platforms and not to mention competition and everything else is is fantastic so like that
don't like this is this is a good problem to have it's like the next step what we want to do with this
we want to continue just being being this profitable or we want to go a little bit less profitable but a
lot more volume and then maybe in the future you do bring out that back end offer that can just blow
out the water completely maybe it's you know when people start to get back to normal maybe it's it's
in-person events where they're you do you're doing a spanish chaton for a weekend or something
like who knows what it could be you know just so that well i've actually we've had you know we
talked about building that beginners program which was you know bring you from a beginner to basic level
in four weeks and it's you know you get one-on-one meetings and coaching with our our people you learn
the system you go through it and you know learn basic vocabulary so that you get ready to practice with
others um you know and you know it could be small group session or private sessions or some of both
and we've talked about doing that because we have to basically do that with some of our new beginners
anyway yeah and in order to get them ready to practice with the larger group it's like well why
don't we sell that as an upsell if we've got to do it anyway and pay our employees to do that we should
at least cover the cost of that right absolutely yeah but anyway um so uh all all really good stuff
i agree um well we can i feel like we're we've spent a lot of time today um feeling guilty about that but
we can come back to uh to that on thursday maybe and and kind of talk through some of those strategy
bits i'll talk to james about this discussion and uh i'm sure he'll say yeah yeah i mean like because
the bottom line is you're putting in a dollar at the even at the with the poor campaigns you're putting
in a dollar and you're essentially getting one i mean you're like if you want to round it off you're
getting two dollars out at the minute and that's with the bad campaigns so now that we're going to
be honing off the bad campaigns and focusing more on the good campaigns it's like two and a half you're
getting and putting a dollar in putting and getting out two and a half if if all that did was continue
at a higher level i mean that's worth it but it's like it's likely going to it's likely going to
diminish a little as you really pull on the gas i mean because there's opportunities to be spending
at the very least spending that amount per day doing what you're doing rather than that amount
over the time period so i mean there's there's a lot of opportunity here well and yeah and i agree
because the the market pool is that big right you know absolutely yeah that that's that's massive
advantage to you like it's you're dealing with a mass market offer and it's working and working really
well not to say that there's not improving points there always is but it's um it's it's kind of the
decision time in terms of well where do we really want to take this do we want to take it where we
we know we can get to or do we want to you know just incrementally take it up and up and up or do we
really want to you know give it give it the best shot possible right um okay so understanding the
colors and the the inputs right so obviously i put in this this value the 347s set we will talk about
upsells and stuff later this was a data point that i plugged in based off of google statistics
um same for leads and form visits now i've what i ended up doing in order you know i know that i had
13 units sold so i was going and saying okay was this 38 or was it 40 you know i had to plug in numbers
here to actually get it to round out to the 13th okay um and uh looked at the difference between okay
this this individual campaign had 774 visitors 235 leads 35 foreign visits oh that led to this um
i don't know right so this was this number if we look at all campaigns is 1290 right
so if you plug that in uh and i looked down so i didn't see if it actually changed but uh
the upton rate can jump in red change yeah so that that changed and obviously went down um
so and i haven't gone through and looked at you know plugging in these different numbers so my question
really was the colors didn't change the am i plugging in the right variables at the right
places or how how do you effectively use this so how we would normally use it when it was created
and we'd only use the fields that were inputable fields so any of the fields that had formulas we
wouldn't modify them we'd only use the like the we would put in our traffic costs we would obviously put
in the product price point uh and everything else and we would put in the visitors and everything
else from there we put in the visitors typically we'd have to put in the sales conversion rate
um because that may be different than the type of phone you're using and we would put in the
conversion rates for upsells and everything else and then from there everything else would just
normally calculate so you probably modify this to to make it fit your actual results of the 13 sales and
to back it out like that so the easiest thing would be to do is because like this this 38 you put in
that where that's i think that's normally calculated if i remember correctly and the order form visits you
would put in that manually because that has to be manually put in this one is fine
yeah i i tried i tried not to change any formulas but when we did it the very first time
we did it really quick and we're like okay well let's plug in the data we have right
right okay do you want a new copy do you want a copy of the old the old version again so you can
have all the fresh formulas in it sure um that's probably the easiest thing to do in terms of trying
to figure out what formulas were changed versus what weren't and like the main thing is that you
you know you know the global numbers you know the amount spent you know the the amount of sales
and you know the amount of sales generators and then from there i mean it might it might not say
35 it might say 34.9 but we could just change the format to round up to 35 right that's probably
the better thing to do okay and then uh hold on i'll just get that for you now okay
okay and then i was trying to figure out uh if i remembered okay the the yellow were areas of
potential right and then red i assume was not good so opt-in and uh click-through rate of 30 percent
you know is that something we're saying that well in this sheet if i remember correctly this sheet
counts um anting below i think it's it's either 35 percent or 40 percent as it turns it red now
like the sure like in my mind 30 percent is still really good but it's just the way this formula was
created or this um sheet was calculated with the um with the formulas for the colors um and i can dig
into i'll get teddy to look at the the sheet metrics to see um what exactly that figure is but the the
main ones to look at is not so much the opt-in rate like if you're but if you're 30 percent it was
below 30 percent now i'd be like okay let's do something but 30 percent is is a it wouldn't be
my immediate one to go to because i mean it's it's it's still really good 30 percent the ones i would
be the focus of the areas i would be focusing on are the the order form conversion rate and then the
obviously you don't have a first upsell but obviously the the upsell being zero percent is
going to go straight into the red because this is this whole um tool was built with the idea of
having at least one upsell right but the it's the order form conversion rate is is um you know
typically i'd like to see that at 50 or above so it means that of every 100 people visiting your order
form um you know 62 of them are not buying and 38 of them are buying so like we want to see what we
can do to fix that okay well hold on i'll just get the sheet for you and there
um
stick it in the chat for everybody
so just put in your visitors here um you have an open there as well don't you
uh seven seven four seven seven four and what was your opt-in rate yeah so this manually gets put
in so your opt-in rate is 30 percent is it yeah i think that was where it
30 leads so the sales conversion rate calculates um i think it calculates from here so you got 13 sales
so so you you put in the the amount of people that go from sales page to order form page as the
the sales conversion rate right right so you can see did you order form visits wasn't that amount
no no so we want to put in the 35 there is it 35 yeah yes
yes okay so just looking at this here and i just just the sheet down here for the ads you could put that
in there as well so just take these out you can fill in these yourselves this is just a slightly modified
version of the one you have okay so then we could see i mean i would say looking at this here
you can see what's going on here no this isn't correct order form completion rate is
what's that a 12 this is manually put in so it should be
equal to
five
quite by
no way around
yeah so you have a 37 order form completion rate
uh which was pretty much on par with what you said
right
so the bottlenecks here are
like opt-in i think is fine at 30 percent i think the the threshold on this it may even be
acting above 30 percent is goes into the green or the yellow and then at them above 40 percent is in
the green um but the the main ones here are you could say your sales conversion rate is poor
but one of the main reasons why your sales conversion rate is poor is because the order form
completion rate is is below the kind of norm of about 50 percent right
so like if we had um say we had the the amount of sales was at say say 18
even i mean at 50 percent is still in green but it still brings up your sales conversion rate
dramatically if you had a 50 conversion rate so
but again looking at these metrics the bigger decision for me is
okay we spent 1600 on this campaign it's generated four and a half thousand
um my mind is okay let's go let's pour the gas on let's see how far we can take this and how
how um how aggressive we can be with this while still within some level of profitability because
obviously you don't want to spend 4500 and generate 4500 but with to be honest with the way the
campaign is and the way your results have been over time um there's no way i see that happening the
only way the only thing i see happening is um probably closer to one to two more so than one to three
right at like a massive scale with very little optimization
like i'd say you could do very little optimization on this funnel but just keep increasing the spend
and you would still be profitable just probably closer to that one to two profitability than the
one to three no i'm not saying don't optimize obviously that's not the goal but that's just
ways because over time for each month it's been similar results like the the view rates have been
the same the click-through rates have been the same plus or minus and the the volume of sales and
the cpa of the sales have been pretty much the same which tells us that that you're in a winning
winning niche and you just have to decide how aggressive you want to be with it yeah i think
the the difference has been the effectiveness you know by be being able to go in and narrow the displays
the placements and uh you know turning off certain areas um yeah that that's really helped right so
instead of spending and crossing the fingers it's really been spend where we've had had traction yeah
and like that's the that's the big difference between well one of the big differences seeing
facebook and youtube like when you choose an interest on facebook you you're kind of at the whim of
facebook saying yeah these people are interested in x whereas on youtube you can really drill into
the placement and you can see if it's working or not and if it's not you just turn it off and if it
is you can spend more money on it because you can put more emphasis on it so it's like it's it's it's a
big advantage but it's um it takes a lot more work in terms of optimization like getting getting your
youtube to where it is now has not been easy but it's um it's coming to a point now where it's
the beautiful thing about youtube is that when you do want to scale and scale aggressively it is
to some degree just the case is increasing your budget it's almost that easy once once you're there
you you've figured it out right okay um speaking of uh of google here real quick
um and you're just coming back so i don't know if you have a new opinion yet but what do you think of
their new uh uh tracking and and you know they're they're going to be putting smarts into the browser
and looking in in um grouping people into the 300 buckets uh for affinities and and interests and type
of websites etc uh if you had a chance to to think i haven't had a chance to dig into a whole lot of it
to be honest because i'm like today is literally first day back but um it's going to be in my mind
it's only going to work out as a positive um for like for everybody not just advertisers but also
for the people because it's going to help google show people things that they're more interested in
and it's obviously going to help advertisers um hone in on the people that are interested in the
things that they have so it there'll probably be a couple of issues initially with they'll have to
iron out bugs and everything else but i i see it as a as a positive in the landline yeah and and i
guess i would agree my the head scratcher for me is really the the 300 boxes right so you know if you
fit into one of the the forms of the 300 then makes perfect sense because that's an easy no-brainer
it's the outliers that uh are going to make it interesting and my concern is i'm an outlier i'm
not a normal a normal thing so we'll see i think anyone anyone in in our space where we're typically
those outliers because we could fall into either multiple boxes or no boxes but the for for like for
you like yourselves dealing with like the mass market type niches and stuff i think it could do wonders
so okay well again thank you welcome back and uh i'll let you know we're uh where we come on
thursday good stuff all right cheers cheers steve hi nadine is nadine here hi yes one moment how are you
just got the plug um so i will not
one moment okay take your time it's okay
well i don't know how that goes anyways here i am hello welcome back i hope you had a good time
thank you good so my situation is that i am totally blocked restricted flagged i don't know what
i also don't know what is my capital crime on facebook is it yes
so um yeah that said i tried a couple of things and i just wanted to ask and after talking
to matt and and um michael last week so i just wanted to ask you know what's the course of action
shall i i heard about it's possible to buy accounts to or profiles like all kinds of things now in my
opinion i would just like to be me and not to have to do things you know that facebook doesn't want to do
what they don't let me so yeah i mean it's it's first of all did you did you appeal your decision
yes and i i'm not anymore able to appeal because they write in my ads account that they were not
able to identify me but i did all the identification process and i got the confirmation that i'm um
confirmed even when i go to the links of the id so i have the confirmation there but the ad account
i cannot appeal it because my id isn't confirmed so that's a loop and i have no possibility whatsoever
your personal account has been verified and confirmed id my ad account but that is connected
to my personal account no so your personal account has been verified or has not been verified yes it has
or hasn't which one it has been verified my personal account okay so the problem is with your ad
account so your ad account is being restricted but are you so personally you're so from a facebook
point of view you're not personally banned from facebook it's just your ad account is that correct
that's right okay so that that's that's not as big as a deal as if it was your personal account being
banned from advertising on facebook so that's in that instance i would just create a brand new ad
account with a brand new facebook pixel and just keep it simple as long as you're so when you go into facebook
and just check that it is your ad account that's restricted and not you if it's you that's restricted
then you're kind of your only real option if you do want to advertise on facebook is a new profile a
new account and everything else which is a pain but it is what it is um that doesn't mean you can't do
anything you know you said you want to be you and everything else you can still be you on your page
where you with your page and everything else but just from an ad point of view
you can't really be you because if your personal account is restricted so i would double check that
first and foremost and i think so it is connected to my personal account i cannot do any ads or any
business account because they are are all somehow connected to my personal account if you just um
just share your screen there and we'll take a look if you want and we'll just we'll just make sure that we
we're on the same page okay and just pull up one of your um pull up one of your ad accounts
there is always this thing here let me put this down
okay
business manager
i'm on another computer so i have to log into all of this
i think so let me um
um let me um now how do i do this because okay so i stopped screen and i log i have a login here
yeah because my husband is in the other office anyways
and when did this happen indeed well formally i'm restricted since september
yikes
yeah and then i tried and i succeeded to get a a support consultant or whatever one moment i'm not a
multitasker
yeah i got someone to help me and so he sent me some links but then like it's just a loop all those links
lead me to verify my identity which i did even they asked me to apply for running political and social and
whatever ads which um i mean you shouldn't need to not in your niche right yeah well so i did that too
and i got confirmed too um
and i'm not now it asks me a two-factor authentication which and i'm not getting their sms okay it's
let's let's just take it that you are restricted personally oh i got it one more month here we go
um is there a reason why you wouldn't now this is it may seem a little bit drastic but is there a reason why
you wouldn't just forget about facebook and focus on something like youtube
um i well i'm kind of used like facebook would be a low-hanging fruit for me because i know how to run
ads there or i thought i would know i mean obviously i'm restricted for some reason that is unknown to me
i do promise that i'm a decent person bringing decent things at one point it might be that one page
redirected because i kind of let it redirect so that might be a non-functional um page after having
read their community standards up and down and left and right um yeah so but but i really like i have no
idea what could be possible um something bad i did so this is so i go to my okay you go there
usually i work with inspire works thing but just when you go to the ads accounts there is this big flag
you're restricted
no looks okay you show yourself restricted oh yeah
yeah just try and may create an ad you will see so which um
oh here we go
okay
yeah so it is your personal account that's restricted it's not got to do with it your ad accounts
are not restricted but your your personal account is restricted so in that respect the only um
the only work around if you still wanted to advertise on facebook um the only way around
that is a new profile a different profile and create a brand new profile that might be
just might be just nadine baddiel or nadiel zelinski instead of baddiel zelinski or maybe it's naddy
the deal is in c which is a slightly different name now you would only use that profile solely for
advertising you wouldn't be posting on it or you wouldn't be adding new friends or anything like that
and you just solely use it for for ads so you would still use your your current profile the way it is
for anything you want to do from the social point of view or anything you want to do from an organic
point of view or meeting friends or talking to friends or whatever the case is you would just create the new
one solely for advertising that's it but in doing that you would also have to create a new ad account and
create a new pixel as well because the minute you link your old ad account with this new profile
you may get excuse me you may get flagged again so i would be the steps would be new profile new ad
account new pixel if you wanted to advertise on facebook and the thing is that it's not the best
answer to give but when you do that there's still a chance it'll happen again whereas um
the better solution in my mind is okay you said you're familiar with facebook um i would just do my
best to start becoming familiar with a second platform because there's no guarantee that when
you create a new account this is not going to happen again and they're just just clamping down
like i've had my personal profile has been restricted i set up a new profile that got restricted
and i now have a profile that is an old profile of mine that i i don't know how it happened but it
got unrestricted somehow without me appealing or anything like that so that's the one i'm using now
but at the same time it's um for for any of our clients my that profile is not linked to any of
our clients we're using a business account that's linked to all of our clients because i don't want
to put any of them in jeopardy because of what happened with mine in the past so and at the same
time we're putting a more an emphasis on um on youtube as well because the the restrictions are
a lot less cumbersome over there there's still obviously compliance we have to deal with but it's
nowhere near as um confusing as facebook because like you said and you didn't do anything wrong and
i 100 believe that you didn't do anything wrong it may have been just a straight url the exact same
thing happened with me i was spending spent a lot of money with facebook gave facebook a ton of money
and then one day they just turned around and said no you're not you're not advertising anymore and
they gave me no reason why they said the exact same thing you saying there i've always been on
top with policies i've always been on top with everything to make sure that it didn't happen and
it did happen and it seems to be happening more and more and it seems to be like some sort of an
automation that has just failed like they're saying identity confirmation failed whereas you said it was
successful so it's just it's not down to something you've done it's down to a lack of proper systems
with their on their side and it's just too it's just too in my mind it's too cumbersome to try and keep
gaming the system with facebook to just so you can spend money with them whereas someone like google or
or or adwords or youtube they they'll happily work with you to get you the best results so you can't
spend money and get the results you want whereas with facebook it's like it's nearly like you have
to jump through hoops to get the results with them when it shouldn't be like that so i mean it obviously
the decision is down to you but i would be more inclined to to get comfortable with youtube and start
using that platform more so than trying to work around facebook because chances are it may not happen
in three months may not happen in six months but chances are it'll just happen again at some stage
yeah so i i definitely do want to look into youtube as well i just thought you know that's
more i had an ad that was running sometime in july that performed really well that i just wanted to
kind of you know put up again so i could you know basically within a day i could be running ads
just to get started and then to figure out youtube and everything because it will just take me more time
and also you know to create the video and everything in youtube it just takes another i don't know one
two three weeks or so yeah i mean it's it's it's like it even like i mean you could set up a new
profile you could get going as a short-term strategy while you're building out youtube maybe that's
something you could do and that's you're kind of covering both both bases there but if you do get back
up on facebook with a new profile i'd still do what you said you would do like as quickly as possible
start migrating over to youtube and to maybe in the meantime do that get set up and with a new
profile on facebook and get some you know results coming in the door while you're figuring out the
youtube side of things but i definitely i wouldn't be relying on facebook um for for any growth strategy at
all in short-term medium term or long term just because of how unpredictable it's been
um so you're also not doing it well we do like as from our agency we run on facebook but
the like we we always diversify across platforms so we always want to have more than one platform
running yeah absolutely so okay so when i want to like i let's say i create a new profile do i also
have to create a new page or can i then pull the page you can use the same for yeah you can use the
same page you just just create a new profile and just add your new profile as an admin to your page
okay as an admin yes um but so if i pull out the assets or how do they call them or like there is
something that that i was looking into that you can partner with something or yeah so partner is for
from a from your ad account manager so but with your page you would just add your personal profile the new
profile as an admin to your page and then that personal profile you'd set up a new ad account
manager inside of that new that new profile and then your page would be linked to your profile in
there so you'd be able to advertise through that page okay so there is no step one is going to be
create the new profile yeah two you can go into your your existing facebook page and just add that new
profile as an admin and then step three would be to create an ad account manager under your new
profile and then when you once you do that because you've added yourself to the page you'll be able to
advertise advertise advertise to that page in the new ad account and so there is no let's say danger
that they see oh there is you know someone now taking this page with i don't know the same location the
same um that's it there is there is that danger and that's like that's the i mean that's the that's
why i was saying i'd rather take the second step which is just focus on youtube but if you wanted to
get something going on facebook because you're comfortable with it that's what's the worst that
can happen if you if it's it's either no running ads on facebook or running ads for a little while
until you're comfortable with youtube and then maybe get shut down um but like it's that's the decision you have
to make okay okay okay okay i mean that's kind of bad right like it's really yeah no it's it's it's
terrible i mean facebook have they seem to they haven't come out and said this but they seem to
they don't care about the little guys they only want to get the big corporations in that are spending
you know millions upon millions each year um and then like none of their accounts are getting shut
down it's the smaller guys that that we apparently we cause them more trouble than the bigger guys
because there's so many more of us smaller advertisers and there's a lot more tech headaches
with us than there is with the bigger corporations but i mean i don't believe that either but it's like
none of those guys are getting shut down it's just that the smaller advertisers are getting shut down
but getting shut down for things that don't even make sense which is in my mind it's like okay well
if you don't want me to spend money which i'll go somewhere else which is why i would focus on
something like youtuber or google or maybe even look into something like tick tock you know it's a newer
platform it's it's growing it's not exactly easy to use yet but it's um there's massive opportunity
there maybe you could get in ahead of the curve as well
yeah you refer to not organic right to run ads on tick tock yeah running ads on tick tock yeah
yeah um another question if i want to find you know a media buyer doing this for me you know because
i'd love to do what i love to do you know to coach and all of that so i mean i could figure
it everything out and i'm such a person that figures it everything out but in my mind i would
love to have someone you know doing this for me what's the best way to find competent people
well like the if you know like obviously we have the e5 agency and we do this but like whether or not
we'd fit the bill for you as a as an agency or whether or not you'd fit the bill for us as a client
that that's something we'd have to discuss but generally speaking it comes down to you know
like you said you can either figure this out yourself or you can pay someone to figure it out
and the the best agencies the downside to them is that they're they're not exactly cheap but the
upside is to them that you get results i mean the uh and the one of the maybe maybe we could have a
conversation outside of this to help you figure out what that needs to look like or or what your goals
need to look like as well or i mean something you could do as well i mean i don't know if you're
active in the um the e5 nation group but if you were looking for more of a like generally just to
be up front or the clients we deal with are already spending a significant amount of money each month
and they're looking to to get it to the next level whereas the um you know whereas it may not
be the right fit for you right now maybe in the future it could be a right fit for you whereas what
you could do is you could post in the e5 nation um facebook group and there's a lot of marketers
in that group there's a lot of agencies in that group as well and there may be someone who may
be able to help you out with that maybe you could either do it in a straight straight up customer
client relationship or maybe there's some sort of a partner relationship you could do as well that
could work out so but anyone that you speak to i would like um make sure that they're comfortable on
both on both platforms so they're not like just focus on facebook or youtube if they if someone was
if someone if i was speaking to an agency now and they just said i i'm just brilliant on youtube
that'd be fine for me because i know that there's still a massive opportunity youtube but if it was
someone that said they just do facebook these days that'd be a bit of a flag for me because um
because of all the problems with facebook so if you do speak to anyone a couple of things i would ask them
is um how much have they spent in media um over their like how much on average to have their media
buyers spent over their lifetime and what's been their most successful campaign what's been their
worst campaign and how would they rate themselves out of 10 on adwords facebook and youtube and then
tell them tell outline your plan or what you want to achieve in terms of what your offer is how many
customers you'd like to get and what your ideal numbers would look like in terms of how much it would
cost you to get a customer and then tell them to give you a game plan how they would expect to
achieve that and if they can't answer those questions confidently i'd probably move on and look at someone
else that sounds like a game plan yeah so i mean basically i am very happy to pay for results because
you know um absolutely when it's a win-win it's always a good thing um yeah so michael told me that i might
be too small for your agency still i don't like i don't i don't like that phrase too small i just
think maybe not ready yet let's do anything maybe not ready but i would like to get ready for it
whatever it absolutely because like it's clear to me that i'm going to spend this amount of you know
budget as soon as you know it comes in so there you go tell me what to do to get to get there
well for now what i would do is if i was nadine the deal zelinski and hopefully i'm pronouncing the
the surname correctly i would i would set up that second account knowing that it'll probably get
you down at some stage and i would get some initial ads going and simultaneously i would be
doing whatever i can to figure out youtube now we have youtube training inside of the portal i don't
know if you've seen it um but like i i'd watch it again if you if you haven't if you haven't watched
it i'd watch it if you've watched it watch it again and maybe come back with any questions on next week's
call and uh we go from there absolutely okay thank you i'll do that thanks good good night bye bye
