---
title: "Media Buying 2022-05-12 15:58:57"
date: 2022-05-12
duration: 1h 4m
duration_seconds: 3863
vimeo_id: 709192608
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
transcription: whisper-turbo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
  - whisper
---

# Media Buying 2022-05-12 15:58:57

**Date:** 2022-05-12 | **Duration:** 1h 4m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Are you on today? Yep.

Interesting. What's up, gentlemen? John, how are you, bro? Good. How are you?

Good, man. Good to see you. Hey, Christian. How are you? Good.

How are you? Good. Hey, Michael. Hey, John. We have a lot to go to, but Christian, so where do we want to begin?

Yeah. So, I mean, I just kind of wanted to, like I told you guys, I just kind of wanted
to get all of us on one call in one place, just so we can kind of put our heads together
and figure out the best way to approach Christian's campaign. So, like with that being said, Christian, again, I just want you to, I just want to kind of
reiterate the point that I know you're frustrated, but at the same time, like this is a process. You asked me the other day, like, does it normally take this long for the average person? Sometimes it takes longer, way longer.

Sometimes it's much quicker. You know, every campaign is different, right? Of course, there are averages, but again, every campaign is different. But I just kind of want to reiterate the fact that, like, we have your best interest at heart
and we want this to work for you. And we're not taking it lightly, right?

Like, we're putting our heads together. We're jumping on calls. We're kind of stepping outside the box of what we normally typically do because we want this
thing to work for you. And, like, I just want you to understand that. And I want you to know that we're in your corner.

And again, I know that you're frustrated up to this point. But one thing that has to be there in order for this to work for all of us, there has to
be, like, some level of trust there. You know what I mean? I don't want you to kind of freak out every time something happens. Like, you know, the issue the other day with the call, with the tech call, like you thought
we kicked you out of the coaching group, like, no one would ever do that to you.

You know, sometimes these things just happen. And I just want you to know that, like, we're in your corner and you could be rest assured
that, like, no one's going to leave you out there. No one's going to turn their back on you. And we're going to stick this thing through with you until we get it to work. It's just that in the process, that could take time.

And it's most certainly going to take, you know, some more money in terms of ad spend. You cool with that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

I mean, and, you know, it's just, I guess it's part of the process of all this. But it does feel like sometimes it's like, well, man, like, you know, you kind of lose
faith in the process. Like, I don't know if you know what I mean. But like, sometimes it's like, wait, I feel like I'm just like taking shit and just throwing
it at the wall and just saying what sticks, you know, instead of like, you know, because
it's like, I don't know, it feels like, you know, when you learn about the E5 method, you're
like, oh, it's this method that's just going to, you know, make it work and whatever, you
know, but it's, you know, like, I do feel like, you know, sometimes like I lose a little
bit of faith in the process and I'm thinking, okay, well, maybe, you know, and I don't know
if it's a bad thing or a good thing, but I'm thinking like now, because right now, like
my, the way I'm thinking, I'm like, okay, this is obviously not working with a video
to a page. So I'm thinking, what if I just like, just take a video, make a small video, like a
shorter video, and then just send like to an actual page with like, you know, that
that is everything is right there, you know, without like waiting for the button, because
sometimes I think like, you know, if I'm like getting all these 300 people to my page, and
then like, you know, by the time the button appears, it's like five people are left.

I'm like, am I not just wasting all these clicks, you know, and I get that we need to
convince people, but like, at the same time, like if the offer is the most important thing,
why not just have the offer up front, you know? Yeah. So to answer your question about the offer, because I think you, you asked me that yesterday,
right? Um, so, um, the offer is the most important thing from a, from a conversion standpoint,
right? But it's not necessarily the most important thing from an attention standpoint, right?

So like, um, there are some people that can get away with going straight to an offer,
right? Uh, just because they've tested it, uh, you know, so many different times, they know what
works, they know what doesn't work. They know it might be a specific type of niche, uh, where they're kind of like the dominant
player in the niche. Um, but that doesn't necessarily get you attention, right? Uh, and, and here's the thing, right?

All of these ideas that you have and that we have, all of them are good ideas, right? Like theoretically, like I haven't heard one thing that I might say, oh man, that's just
a terrible idea that, that, that we shouldn't do that. Right. All of them are good ideas and all of them can work, right? It's just that I'm, I know I'm speaking for myself.

I'm finding myself in a position where I'm deviating from the E5 process, which is a longer
game, right? Like the way that I look at it is like E5 is a longer, you're playing a longer game
because you're doing all this testing and experimenting, but once you nail it, you have
something evergreen. You have something that works, uh, indefinitely until it doesn't work anymore. Right. Because in marketing, everything stops working at some point, you might have to change your
lead.

You might have to change your big idea, but the point is once you get to that point where
it's working, it's going to pay you back a lot of dividends, right? Um, as opposed to deviating from that to get us a quick win so that you can put some money
back in your pocket, because I know that that's, you know, a priority for you as well. So it's not that any of these ideas are bad. It's a matter of like, realize that every time we, we try a different idea, we take a risk
and we deviate a little bit more from the process. Does that make sense?

Yeah. So, I mean, you know, just, you guys have a plan, I believe, right? So, so I'll let you guys just talk about the plan and just, you know, just let, let you
do it. Cause like, I'm not doing anything until like you guys, um, you know, you know, cause you
guys are the experts. So it would be stupid of me just doing stuff unless you guys, you know, think it's good.

Right. Yeah, absolutely. So go ahead. Yeah. So I had, I told you on, uh, yesterday when I spoke to you, um, a couple of thoughts that
were running through my head.

So, um, the, the first one was, as you said, like potentially sending you, sending them
to a long form, um, version of the, of the, um, of the campaign where you could still have
your demonstration videos sprinkled throughout the, um, um, the long form. Cause I do think the demonstration part of it is very important for your specific type
of offer. Um, so that could be one potential way to go. Um, another potential way to go, which you mentioned yesterday, which, um, I'm not personally
a fan of because it doesn't really allow us to measure things as accurately as we want
to. But at the same time, um, Michael brought it to my attention that a lot of your competitors
are using this method of, or this approach, I should say, of having the entire campaign
in the YouTube ad and then going over to the order form to purchase.

Again, I'm personally not a fan of that only because I feel like I'm, I'm giving up a little
bit more control, but I didn't know that a lot of your competitors are doing things that
way, because again, I'm not in the guitar market and I don't really know anything about
it. Um, so that's a potential, uh, approach that we could take. I mean, not a lot of, I mean, some of them are like definitely like a Fender play, I think
does that. And guitar tricks does something similar. I think a breakthrough advertising doesn't though.

It's like an ad. Well, it's similar though. And then the worship guitar guy is an ad to, uh, but like most of their videos though,
like most of the videos, I haven't seen anything that's longer than 20 minutes really, you know,
and 20 minutes is like, and like the, the offer is like pops up like within five to, to,
to seven minutes, you know, or like even before that. So, but I don't know. Um, so, so, and then another, hold on a second.

I meant another, another, um, thing that had popped into my head, um, which I wanted
to run by John, because this is not my area of expertise is potentially switching to a
different advertising platform where I don't know where maybe, um, getting a sale, maybe
the process of getting a sale might be a little bit cheaper and a little bit faster like Facebook,
but I don't really know because I, I, in my opinion, this offer is more conducive to YouTube. Um, but it seems like the economics of what it's costing you, uh, just to get people to
your page, um, and then have to have them watch the video. Um, so like what I'm trying to figure out is if we hypothetically were to double somehow
your view, your video view rate, right? Because that looks like it's the constraint, right? Would that still economically work?

To be honest, I don't know, because like, here's the thing, like, even if we, even if
50% of people that watched the video actually got to the offer, I would need to spend $1,800
to get two sales with like good conversion rates. So like that, that was about like, you know, increasing. So we know that for sure, increasing the amount of people that watch through the video is not
going to work because it, there's no way that it's going to work with the amount of people
that actually play the video. And this is the dilemma. It's like, I think, you know, at this point, it's like almost like a problem of like the
type of funnel we're using, you know, like the VSL funnel or something like that.

Or it could be bots, which I'm thinking, which is what I'm thinking. And I don't know what you think, John, but, uh, what do you think? Bot traffic is like, bot traffic is a big issue with Facebook. It's not such a big issue with the likes of Google and, and YouTube. Um, I mean like the, the bottom line is like, um, I spoke to Michael before this.

I mean, I, based on your stats from an ad point of view, um, and yes, the costs have
slightly gone up, but I, like, I don't think you've ever had a traffic problem at all because
like your metrics have always been solid and the view rates have always been above like
highly above average to click show rates have always been above average. And while the costs have been going up, um, marginally, but not a lot, a lot. I, I believe the issue is like firmly on the issue is that people are not engaging with
the video in terms of playing it. And then the people are getting to the offer. They're not buying and like, we can dance around that issue all we want, but that's
a fact that there's not enough people playing the video and there's not enough people who
are seeing the offer of actually buying.

So if you wanted to like break that down, there's, there's lots of different ways you
can break that down and what needs to be done and what, what needs to be fixed or change
and reiterate. But where I would start is if people are not playing the video, I would look at, okay, well,
what, what are some of the reasons that they're not playing the video is the, and we can pull
it. If you want to share the, the, the, the latest links into the chat here, we can actually pull
it up and all have a look at it together. Sure. Um, but one thing I mentioned to Michael, and I don't know if this was part of your talk
process at the very beginning is that like, if this was my campaign and I was running this
from the very, very beginning and following the E5 process, I'd be following the E5 process
as, as close as possible, but I'd also be very conscious of how my competitors are selling
and at the price point that they're selling as well, because the, I know that the, the
majority of competitors, I mean, and this, I'll share my screen so we can take a look
at this and Michael and Paul, I want your opinion on this as well.

Um, because this, what I'm going to say is, I think is going to play a big part in it. But if you look at this page versus if you pull up like a competitor's page, I mean, in
2022, I firmly believe that these pages, like they're not enough anymore. You can like, they're, it just doesn't look like it's a professional thing. And me, I, I don't know if I would purchase from a page that looks like this when it's
just a, like essentially a blank page versus if you go to any of the competitors, they
look like they're legitimate, real businesses. They look like they're professional.

They look like they've got everything set up and it looks like a company that I want to
do business with, regardless of whether I watch the messaging and regardless of I love
the message and everything else, it just doesn't look and feel like a real business. And that's something that like, that's my opinion. And like, that's whether that's right or wrong. I mean, I'd like the guys feedback on that as well. And I think that's something that like, there's no, there's no logo for the method.

There's no, there's like, there's nothing in there. And I know I don't want to go down the whole logo branding thing as well. But I mean, if you look at pull up one of your competitors there, like the, like defender
guys, or let me see, have you got a competitor there? Yeah. Fender guitar or any, any of it.

I see what you're saying. Okay. Well now, cause you're like, what I'm, what I'm saying is it's not, I'm not just talking
about the design of the page. I'm also talking like the medium that they're using to sell. So the majority of them are all using a combination of video and long form copy.

And I know that like the reason why we use just video is so we can see the video, video
analytics, analytics and everything else. So we can see where the drop off is and everything else. And that's, that's sound. But what's not sound is like ignoring how other people are selling. And I think like if other people are selling with video and long form sales editor, that's
something to consider.

And if other people are selling at a price point, that's $37, $47 selling at $97 with
no proof, with no case studies, with no social proof rent like that, maybe is not the best
thing to be doing either. Yeah, we're at $47 now. We changed it about two weeks ago. Now, see, if you look at this free guitar lessons page, I mean, I don't know about you
guys, but it looks like it's a lot more in 2022. Like it looks like it's like, like Todd always says, our customers aren't stupid.

They're your brother, they're your sister, they're your mom. Like it's like, these days, like, I don't know about you guys, but I, when I see a page
like this, it just screams basic, it screams amateur versus if you look at a page like this,
it just looks that much more professional. It's got a lot more going on. And I feel a lot more confident to either consciously or subconsciously about engaging with it and
about doing business with it. The only, I mean, the only issue I have with that is like this entire time, like I've been
told like, oh, well this, don't worry about the design.

Don't worry about the design. I'm not saying, I'm not saying go all out and design. I mean, like it's, but there's nothing. Don't have a logo. I know there's nothing, but like there's nothing because I'm told like not to worry about any
of that.

Well, like, well, and that's, and that's fair enough and that's fine. But the reality is we have to start analyzing why people are not engaging with the video. Cause it's not just about, you need a better thumbnail. It's not just about, I mean, I asked you to add teaser bullets, which it doesn't look
like you did, but it's not just about those things. We have to start examining why people are not, why, why, when we send people here only
whatever 10% of people are engaging with, like, regardless of what you were told, we had,
like, we're here to examine this and figure out why it's not working.

And I'm giving my opinion on one of those things. Okay. That, that makes sense. So just make it more like more look like a website, basically. What are your thoughts on that, Paul or Michael?

Yeah. I mean, it's, it's strange because I agree with everything you said and theoretically it
all makes sense. Um, and I, so I guess we're at that point now where, where, um, kind of moving away
from just the messaging because we're running into this issue of where we can't even get
them to consume the message. Uh, because typically we do send them to a plain page. I mean, like.

I don't know. And it does, and we can get great results with that, but I'm trying to examine, like. Yeah. That get switching up a thumbnail, adding in teaser bullets and switching up a headline
is not going to take a, like a poor, a play rate that's at whatever 10% and, and just get
it to 70%. I mean, like that kind of turnaround, I don't see that happening.

So there has to be some other reason why people are not engaging with the content. Yeah. Um, the other thing that was throwing me off was his impression count because his impression
count was like three times his visitor count. And so that was, I was just like, what I like to do is I like to try to eliminate any, I
like to try to go through like a process of elimination just to make sure that there's
not anything technical that we might be missing. And so I just found it odd that out of, you know, 330 clicks, he had 900 impressions and
he had a 25% play rate.

So it was like, what are people doing on this page? Right. Um, so what I would do in terms of the stats that I know, Paul, we kind of mentioned, we
talked briefly about this and, and Teddy mentioned a couple of things, but I mean, like that
impression count obviously looks completely out of whack and we will, we'll take it that
it is completely out of whack because you can't get 300 visits and 900 impressions and
only 25% play rate. That doesn't make sense. But what we can do is we can, we can go on the unique visits at source.

So like if there's 300 clicks, we'll take the visits from, if it's a ClickPhones page, we'll
take the unique visits from the ClickPhones page. And we take the plays, the amount of plays from the source again, which is the Vimeo source. And then that's what we have to work off because the stats are, they are out of whack. So we can only go at when stats are out of whack. I mean, I spoke to Teddy about this.

Anytime things are out of whack, go to source. So source is okay. We've got 300 clicks from the source of YouTube. That's the source where we got the clicks. Our unique visits, our source for that is ClickPhones.

So what's our unique visit? So out of those 300 clicks, how many actually translate into unique visits? Now there's always a drop off because by the time it loads, people leave the page and everything
else. And so, and then in terms of our plays, our source there is going to be whatever we're using
for the video hosting and that's Vimeo. So, and then we have to just, because everything is out of whack with the stats and the
impressions, we're going to have to work out our own metrics from there.

Yeah, no, I get that. I was just, I was just wondering if maybe people were landing on the page and they were running
into some sort of a technical issue that was causing the video and maybe reloading the
page or something like that. But I mean, I've, I've checked it myself and it looks fine to me and it doesn't seem
like it's an issue for anybody else. I mean, I'll pull it up on my actual, I know when we check a lot of times, we, we just
check the, um, the mobile version on, on a desktop Chrome, but I'll actually pull it
up on my phone while I'm here and just check an actual mobile version. Cause I know the majority of traffic are going to be more, it's going to be mobile.

Um, yeah. So to answer your question though, regarding the VSL. So like I'm sending to a page that looks pretty much exactly like Christian's page, um, right
now, and I'm getting sales. The only thing that I do have on the page though, is I have a logo and I have a phone
number in the top, uh, right-hand corner of the page. Uh, but at the same time that I'm also in the health space and these VSL, these, these
plain looking pages in that space are very common.

Um, so the customer is kind of used to seeing that, which sometimes that has a negative effect,
but it has conditioned them to think that this is a legitimate, like, these are just
how these health offers are, are, um, kind of presented. Whereas I get what you're saying about the guitar. Um, you know, the guitar space is probably a different, you know, it's a different type
of aesthetic that people are used to. Um, so I think that's definitely a good suggestion. Okay.

I mean, like, um, I'm only, I agree with you in terms of the, like those, the plain pages,
they can work, but at the same time, we have to be conscious of the, what competitors are
doing. And like in the health space, I know those, those pages are very common and they're,
they are used a lot, which is great. Like, I mean, I just played it on mobile there, Christian, and it's, um, it's playing fine. Now, one thing I would say is like the, the opening when it actually plays, like, why isn't
that the thumbnail? Like, why isn't something like that the thumbnail versus, I mean, I know the thumbnail is not
going to be fixed.

Fixing the thumbnail is not going to immediately change the whole campaign, but it could help
slightly, I mean, the, the, the thumbnail of you here, I mean, seeing a picture of you
with some text overlaid, it could be, could work better than just a plain black thumbnail
with some, with some red text. Okay. I mean, cause it looks, I mean, cause you have your colorful background there and you
can't see it. Yeah. Yeah.

No, I see the, the reason why I use their, one of the other thumbnails is cause my competitors
usually use these kinds of thumbnails. Like for example, breakthrough guitar, he uses it. Well, I mean the guitar trick guys, they're using a, they have a big headline on it and
it looks a lot different than yours. Yeah. Well, I guess guitar trick is different, but like some of them are using that or like worship
guitar, the ones that are like direct response, like, I don't know.

I feel like, cause guitar tricks.com is like so huge. Whatever we feel like the, if the play rate is an issue, we know that the thumbnail is going
to be part of that issue. It's not going to completely solve it obviously, but like switching up a thumbnail can help
improve things. And we like, there is the, I mean, if we, if we were going to keep the page the exact same
and not change anything from a design point of view, I mean, there's only a few things
we can really change and we have the headline, we have the thumbnail and we have potentially
teaser bullets of what they're going to learn when they watch this video, reasons to watch
the video. And there's nothing there now.

Yeah. Oh, with your health offer, which, which your, um, what's on your page? Um, nothing, just the, uh, the logo, the phone number, the video and the privacy stuff, the
references, the references at the bottom. That's it. I sent like some more, some more.

So basically what I'm getting here is like, I need to just make my page look cooler. And, uh, I mean, like it's, it's, no, that's, that's, that's like making the page look cooler
is not going to fix your conversion problem and fix your marketing message problem. I'm just thinking in terms of what else can we do to help improve the results. We still need to tackle the whole thing where people are not consuming the message. That's obviously very important.

And then when we get to the offer, even the small amount of people that are getting to
the offer, they're not engaging with the offer. So like there, there are still problems as well. I just wanted to tackle the issue of what else can we do to help the overall, um, results
of that. Right. How many people have seen your offer, Christian?

Five. Overall, since start to finish. Well, from this new offer, yeah. Five, like five or seven, six, maybe like. Like six people went to the checkout page.

The people that saw the offer went to the checkout page. But like, cause here, I can share my, the stats or whatever, if you want. Cause you know, I haven't even looked at it that much. We haven't, um, gone through this, but. I, I'll say that I like what John is saying about, um, giving these people what they're
used to seeing from your competitors.

Um, what I worry about John and, and this is where I'm, I'm looking to you for advice
is that like, if you, um, is there a point at which I can't, um, I'm going to wonder whether
it's the page or whether it's the message that's getting me the conversion, you know,
is there some things that I should not have? Like if he, if Christian goes with, and I like your idea, if he goes with making his page
look like what the competitors are doing, like, like, in other words, his prospects like
that, you know, um, is there, are there things he should not have that would interrupt the,
um, or that would contaminate the data about, you know, the conversions, you know, or that,
is it the page or is it the message that's getting the conversion? I'm just wondering if there's things we should avoid. I mean, not necessarily. I mean, like I wouldn't say that there's things that they should, should avoid.

I mean, at the end of the day, I mean, if we, if we fix the design on the page and all
of a sudden, like the, like I, I know for a fact, it's, it's not going to just happen
like that, but if we like, if the design was more like competitors and then like floods
of sales coming in, would you say, oh, well, we shouldn't have done that because
that deterred from the messaging. So yeah, exactly. You wouldn't. So we don't really care how we get to conversions once we're getting the conversions and we start
tackling things when we're not getting to conversions. And right now we're not getting any, enough engagement.

We're not getting any, any conversions at all. And so there has to be something right, something wrong. So one thing I would say, I mean, if, if 320 people visited that page and that's the,
so is it 320 people visited the opt-in page and 16 people got to the VSL page? No, no, no, no, no. So here, because of the ads won't run to the VSL page for whatever reason, I don't know.

I have to run it to the opt-in page and the opt-in page is my VSL page. So you have the VSL on the opt-in page? Yes. Okay. And then after that, when the button appears, they, will you open up the, the actual page
in the editor so we can take a look at it?

The, the, the button goes directly to the checkout page. And did you do it? Did you do a purchase yourself to verify it's working? Well, I purchased myself. I used, I'm using the same page, but I guess I changed the price since then.

But did you, would you, six people have hit the order form, but nobody's purchased. Have you done a purchase to verify someone can actually purchase? No, I should do that, I guess. I thought you told me you did that, Christian. I asked you if you did a test.

I did, I did that before, like when it was $97. Okay. So I guess I need to do it at any time with whatever price. Anytime we make any significant changes to an order form, always do a, a purchase. Got it.

Oh yeah. Well, I, I didn't do that, but I don't know. Well, so if I do the test and it works, then, then I guess it's. Can you just pull up the page? Yeah.

You want the, the VSL page? And then we're going to take a look at the order form page. But out of like eight people that saw the offer that, that had an opportunity to click
the button, apparently six of them I've clicked, six unique people I've clicked. Now my button is set out to go to the checkout page. So just open up the checkout page there.

And can you send that in the chat as well? Yeah. Yes. Yes. Yes.

Yes. Yes. Okay. i mean from an order form point of view i mean i think it
i mean i think it looks more than solid and like it's definitely following ones that we've used
that have converted really well in the past and on mobile it um it loads the right way as well so
just check it from a from a technical point of view that actually
i would put us i would put you got to have some sort of support on there though christian
either an email address or a phone number something on there
okay well so what before i joined the program like i had an
yeah well okay i'll put an email or something
yeah i usually um so then should i have a logo i used to have a logo and and stuff should i
should i try to make my page look pretty even like or
uh i wouldn't say pretty i would say like maybe a little bit more professional and just a little
bit more trustworthy um and at the very minimum yeah a logo with a support um i i have support
email and phone number on my page and i've tested phone number not uh on my sales page but on my
order form just having a phone number on the order form increased the order form conversion okay yeah
so um christian if you see this order form for the e5 method book there for a second
um you see like the all all mfa users they have like the order form is pretty much the exact same
as yours apart from obviously the the bumps and everything else but if you look at the top it has
a header with a logo and then it has like details of how you can order now if you don't want to do the
phone number at the very help you could at the very least you could have need help emails support that
whatever the email is yeah i can do you know i can do that i just i just didn't have i used to have
that on my my page but then todd like reviewed my page at some point it was like oh i would say
don't have a logo there unless it helps people well that was probably on the actual vsl page not the
order page the order page is different yeah yeah so i'm like but one thing to keep in mind now fixed
adding a header at the top with a logo and a support is not going to immediately turn on the faucet to
endless amount of sales either though but it is something to to consider adding like definitely
like not even consider definitely out but it's not going to fix the the overall problem okay well i
mean i mean like even for the the offer like right now like we can't decide if it's good or not because
like it's five people it's like six people that hit the order form like technically like it's six people
like i don't know do if six people go to your order form like do you usually actually get a sale or
like how does it work for you guys like out of i mean we normally aim for an order form completion
rate i mean typically like i mean i'd always aim for at the very least an order form completion rate
of like 50 60 percent but ideally you'd want to be higher and right now like whether it's six people
or 60 people you're sitting at zero so okay so it's so the offer is bad then well it doesn't mean
the offer is bad like well the over like start the messaging and the offer is not converting at all
yeah so none of it is converting nothing is working really i mean like people are not playing the video
the message when they are playing the video is not converting so everything is broken nothing like
is the only thing that's like i would say that is the ads are the ads are working really well i mean
like the metrics are good the only thing i would say about the ads is and paul mentioned this is that
like you have multiple campaigns and one is doing a lot better than the other so i would focus like
if you were going running more traffic tests i would focus on the campaign that's working the best
because right now you don't need you don't need to have the you found your campaign which is working
the best so let's stick with that for your testing and like paul mentioned that um and then like if
this was mine and i was like if like if this was my own baby that i needed to to make work one thing
that hasn't been tested that may help we don't know if it will help or not like paul said it's all this
is just going to be test marketing and the more variables we throw in there the further way we're moving
away from like a pure e5 campaign but we have to figure out why why things aren't working so one
thing that you could test is having your video and a full-on long-form sales page because like that's
what's not been tested and what that will allow you to do will allow you to test the full
like if you with 300 people and only six people seeing the offer at least this way a lot more of
the 300 people are going to see the offer and see see everything else so we can test the offer
and the messaging together because right now the the what's not working 100 is the watch rate on
the video and getting people to the end people are not watching all of the video yeah and like
because if that doesn't get fixed not like nothing is going to work no matter what
so i mean in terms of an action step and paul you can jump in here michael you can jump in here
whatever you want i would like keep it simple do what paul said have the video and a long form sales
page and when you're building out the long form sales page um don't necessarily go all out in a
design point of view but take some cues from the competitors because they're obviously doing a lot
of things right they would have they they've no doubt tested lots of things different you know lots of
different ways so what they're doing the approach they're taking is something that we have to be
conscious of so take that into account when you're building out a long form sales page
if they're using like a certain um like if they're using when they're breaking into paragraphs as to
if they're they're using images and or things like that see if you can add some images to your long
form sales page as well but like model their flow but you don't have to go night and day with going
from a blank page to a fully designed page but i think that would be an ideal next step for me is
testing the video and a long form page what about you paul and michael yeah yeah testing the same
video in a long form yeah and i would have the video where the video is um i mean if because you're
going with a long form sales page you don't necessarily have to lock them into watching the
video you can just have the video completely open so they can jump forward if they want to as well
but that's not e5 method though right like technically well if depending on how much you
have on that page well it's still a e5 method because you're following the it's no longer testing
like pure mbf method but it's still an e5 campaign because you're using e5 campaign messaging and copy and
and approach yeah you just did the delivery the delivery vehicle of it is a lot more open
than a closed vehicle where people have to watch it all to buy yeah yeah if you if you have if you
have all of the content that's in the video below the video as well and nobody's finishing your video
you can't you can't use that data maybe they love the content maybe they don't love it you can't tell
so right now should we look but if you make sales you can't tell but if you yeah if you make sales of
course right so that's what so like that's what essentially we're going to test now is the
it's going to be more so testing the offer yeah then yeah yeah because only a dozen people have
seen your offer and only five people have clicked you know so we need more people to see the offer
so i would and i have another call in five minutes so i have to have to dash but um i'm with john
and paul on this and did you want to add to that book get get cues from your competitors i i agree with
that 100 and get more people to see the offer so put stuff underneath it so okay uh and you can make
the video uh you can there's a quick setting in click funnels to make it sticky on scroll so that
the video will just pop up in the corner and keep playing as people scroll through the page
scroll up and down yeah yeah so this is like a template like i cop i like basically just model
from a competitor before can i use some kind of template like that yeah i mean sure but just make
sure the copy that you're using is the same copy from the video that's all yeah yeah yeah so well
it's going to be kind of hard because like i'm in the video i'm demonstrating so much so it's like
um i can use like
similar i mean i can use similar things that just uh
it's not going to be exactly the same it's not going to be like word for word the same
because i mean i could transcribe it but it wouldn't make sense unless i'm showing the video
so then i would need pictures then use the before you added a live component to use the
the original vsl script video the the transcript of that and put that into the long form okay put
that into the long form gotcha and so should i test with this is that
yeah i mean like that design it's fine i mean like i don't want to get too hung up on the design it's
like not the design is going to make this work we're just switching up the delivery of your
message that's all we're switching it up to a long form page versus a a just a video because
people aren't watching the video so let's test it the other way yeah
yeah i agree
okay well
uh i wouldn't have that headline any headline i know i know i know i know just
this this sucks but this was back when i'm not no i'm not talking about the actual headline i'm
talking about the way you have the headline on whatever headline you put on there it shouldn't
be on the background like that you should have a solid white if you're going to use a red use like
a solid white just create a section right there with a solid background if you like put taking it
this way christian when you when you land on a page like a let's pull up a demonstration here
like the you want you like you want to where your eyes go first and your eyes go first to that
imagine thing but it's so blurry and it's so random that you can't really you have to kind of focus on
what it's saying and anytime you're making your prospects work like that it's going to be a lot
more difficult and you want to consume your message versus when they land on a page where does their eyes
go immediately so if you're if you're making your headline pop like that like paul said so you have
it on a white background with the red popping or maybe you had to do it the other way around or
as long as it pops and not just have the headline embedded in the background image or something like
that the way it is gotcha so should i still have the the checkout page like separate from um
yeah from from the the vsl page yeah because the only thing we're changing is you're putting you're
turning it into a long form sales page yeah you're not changing and and like maybe like paul said at
the at the um the header to the order form with like with a logo and a support email
okay yeah what i would say christian is work on use that template work on getting all of the copy
from your script into that onto that page so that it flows it makes sense and then when you're done
with it send it to me let me look at it and if there's anything on the page that i think needs
to be fixed like the headline or anything anything aesthetically that i i know that we can fix to make
it better i'll do it for you i'll fix it for you okay thank you so real quick like because obviously
i've been getting ads like for other stuff now because like this is what people do and they just get
they just put ads on things on different things and like have you like there's this guy from sam
card that says oh you should put all of everything into one single page like with like your order form
in one page like that's because he's trying to sell you a sam card which does that which does that so
that that's the only reason there's like the sam card guys they're great they're fantastic and sam
card's a great software but like the reality is like just because someone says to do it this way
like he he's telling you to do that because he's a motive for you to do that it works that way it
works this way it works lots of different ways like but so but the reality is just because someone
says do it this way it doesn't like don't go all in and do it that way because you've seen some
video ad 10 years ago like we were you have a process here driving from a to a vsl page down
to an order form that absolutely works driving to a long form sales page to an order form absolutely
works driving to a sales page that has the order form already on it absolutely works there's lots of
different ways to to skin a cat and make sales but the like that changing that one thing is not going
to be the difference between you making zero sales and start making sales gotcha so now should we like
look at the video stats then since you know like we have some stats like does it even matter like what
we have on there or because really like right here so you know we we did get a hundred people there so
like what what should we like what does this tell us really i mean like it tells us that people don't
watch past the lead anyway yeah but that doesn't necessarily mean that they don't want to consume
the lead they just might not want to watch it right so i think i know where you're going with this
you're saying should we use any of the data that we have in this to then change the copy before we add
it onto the page and i wouldn't do that because you want to test one thing at a time and right now
the big needle mover that we're going to test is just taking the same exact copy but changing the
medium to which we deliver it it's like christian the better way to think of it is or the way to
think of it is what we're doing is we're removing the restriction of having to watch all of the video
to buy that's essentially what we're testing gotcha well how we're testing that is by putting it on a
long-form sales page and letting them go through the whole thing okay sounds good so we'll we'll do that
okay so i understand you want to go over yeah just uh like i said when once you get all that stuff
over onto the page just send me all the links and let me look at them and if there's anything that i
think we should change i'll shoot you a vimeo until you you know change the background to this color or
change the font here or it's not going to be too much but you know something as little as like that
headline thing that we talked about before that's something that you know we'll have to fix so if
there are little things like that that pop up um i can fix them for you gotcha and so if uh
we're like should i just go and try to model let's say this guy um breakthrough
should i just try to model this one
instead because i can't just do that i can just put it all into one page like that
that page doesn't doesn't look like it's not loading no well here you go
yeah i mean like that's like this like that's a very simple design and he's using
obviously he's using some images in there as well that are probably taken from
the previous video that he had it looks like it is just a it's a transcript of the video of a vsl
yeah so i mean something like that i mean yeah i mean why not okay so maybe i'll just do that because
it's uh maybe it'll work better
okay so yeah i'll do that okay
um and then you guys will so once we get that all approved and good to go then you guys will figure
out whatever campaigns he's gonna turn back on and leave off or so i think it was one campaign that
got you the majority of the order form visits right is that right yeah um
which one was it
i think it was
yeah it was that one right this one it was a broad keyword it's one so can i request access there for a sec
and that so also one of my ads like didn't start running until after three days like i i turned it
on and it spent a dollar that usually happens that's that's i wouldn't worry so much about that
what are these conversions what will we optimize them for we're optimizing for uh like
um order form visits order form view and then and then purchases
對
so
and
that
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
Thank you. Will you pull up average cost per click just after it clicks?

Yeah, let me do it. Like this? Yeah. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So,
for your point of view rate on the on this one view rate 45% cost per click side,
but that's because the specific keyword campaign. But, um, you know, we'd be less worried about the cost per click if the specific keyword campaign was, you know, producing sales as well.

sales as well so let me just like yeah like it wasn't i don't think there was any conversions
on from that
yeah i probably am looking at these now so i'm not looking at the conversions and i'm not
necessarily looking at the the view rate but even though it's very very good what i am looking at is
the like the the if we want to get a true test of this now because we're stripping it back to
you know we're going with a long form sales page and we want to see give it the best chance of
success so the broader like in terms of if you look at think about this logically what's going
to give it the best chance of success broader keywords or specific keywords geared around
the course and and everything else i mean i would probably go with the not probably i would
probably i'd definitely go with this the specific keyword campaign to the new page because these
are for people who were searching for and they're essentially searching for exactly what you're
delivering on the page versus which is going to be a little bit different of a dynamic when you were
like the broad was working really well and we're having them trying to consume this message
in a very narrow way that we're controlling versus these specific keywords now we might
even narrow these down further maybe it's something we can hop on before you put this live and maybe
narrow these down further to even more specific so we can get very granular with the with the test
so we run to the new page so you're saying we should run very specific keywords instead
of the broad keyword campaign yes okay
do you understand why i'm saying that yeah yeah i i because then it's like it's more like
um the awareness level not not the awareness active i mean if it doesn't come from like essentially if it
doesn't convert to the very specific people looking for a guitar course what are the chances going to
convert to some esoteric guitar guitar search yeah yeah yeah that makes sense well i mean but that
had a performed worse than all the other ones well no like that no if you look at the look at the
click-through rates of some of these like the you have 14 5 5 5 2 1.73 some of those very specific keywords
are doing quite well gotcha view rate is very high as well so you can when we're when we're trying to
like the thing to bear in mind with with traffic like this is it's not always just about did the traffic
produce a sale yes or no because whether or not the traffic produce a sale the majority of whether
or not it produces a sale is down to the marketing and it's down to the messaging and it's down to the
offer it's they from a traffic point of view these keywords are insanely good gotcha i mean we like
here we could also see from the entire time because it's always been in the same ad but like you can see
from even before you know so you have more data because we ran this ad for a long time since march
probably yeah so then that would give us even a better picture
of what to keep and what to discard
how many keywords is in this
um
i don't know what i mean probably a bunch but i think i don't know i thought i followed your
there's 38 yeah was that right i thought was it was it the amount that was good or not or
the amount of keywords doesn't necessarily matter it's when we're talking in a specific keyword
campaign they have to be specific keywords like the amount doesn't necessarily matter because if they
don't if you have so money and they're not getting impressions that it's not a big deal when we're only
looking for a small amount of data in in an mbf so but i don't see anything like for a specific
keyword i don't see unless i'm blind i don't see any specific keywords on a online guitar course
is there a reason why you don't have those kind of keywords in there
i guess i didn't think about it i thought those were specific keywords but um but this is a specific
keyword campaign yeah the i mean that was specific in my head but everyone is like bury
it's a it's a tight match to what you're selling what you're offering
yeah okay so i guess this was this wasn't specific then
because here like with my my thought process was because the broad keywords is like anything
related to guitar guitar lessons a guitar something guitar here i had like the word beginner guitar
chords beginner guitar this guitar or like well then this this ad group is just it's a you you might
call it a beginner specific keyword list but it's like but what's going to like i'd also like do the
research on like you're selling a guitar course so if you don't have the search phrase guitar course
it's like it doesn't make sense okay so the keywords are not specific enough
so i'll have to actually jump on another call now one o'clock um krishno you and i good for now
yeah i guess so i'll test that and then i'll don't test anything until you send a page to paul
yeah i'll say i'll send the page to paul but yeah i'll just do the long form sales letter and uh
okay cool and then i'll i guess i'll come up with another campaign and yeah thank you
all right you don't need to come up with another campaign christian we're going to work what's
what here we're just going to improve what's here slightly improve with better keywords add more
yeah that's what i'm saying add more before you go live make sure we hop on and we'll go through
together okay okay thank you okay is there anything else you want to go over no i guess that's it
okay all right well thank you for your time and um no problem cheers christian bye have a good day
all right
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
You
You
just about to call me mullery. You just about to call me what's up mullery. You? How are you?
