---
title: "Media Buying 2022-09-01 15:59:02"
date: 2022-09-01
duration: 1h 22m
duration_seconds: 4969
vimeo_id: 745500638
folder: "Zoom Recordings"
source: vimeo
tags:
  - knowledge-base
  - video-transcript
  - vimeo
---

# Media Buying 2022-09-01 15:59:02

**Date:** 2022-09-01 | **Duration:** 1h 22m | **Folder:** Zoom Recordings

---

Hello. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Going great, man. How's it going with you?

Good just Just trying to figure things out right if you just like you. Yeah. Yeah, I am. I've got a 40 minute vsl. Right and the biggest issue we were having was getting people that are opting in to watch the video.

Right. So in terms of how many unique viewers there we have so I have over a hundred and seven. People who opted in but then the number of people who are watching the video was not high so we go over week it just doubled so it's that's exciting stuff. Oh, hey, man, how's it going man? Yeah double.

Yeah, so I had seven people seven unique viewers from 36 people who opted in last week or the week before that, right? So 36 people opted in to see the video from the ad but only seven unique people clicked play to start the video, right? So now this week this past week, the number of options is the same 36, but the number of unique viewers is 14. So that's 40% That's big. That's a big jump.

And that's that's the exciting meeting. How did you do that? I use. Yeah, how am I go on? How did I do that?

I don't know. I think this is just Facebook's algorithm getting more precise with who would watch the content versus who wouldn't Michael you and I talked about this yesterday about the viewership. So we have now 40 so last week like up till today including today's numbers from last Friday till today. We have 14 unique viewers and that is double because last week before that we had seven new unique viewers from 36 opt-ins and last week. We have 36 opt-ins, which is the same as the week before but 14 unique viewers.

So that's 40% on the dot. You said you wanted to be close to 50% right, so we're getting there. Yeah, and I actually got that number from Matt. I think or John I can't remember. Yeah.

Looks like we're all here except for John. He's done joining today John's not gonna make it. Johnson can make he had to he had he had a medical emergency. So Matt's going to be Taking his place those guys tag team. Anyway, they're both run the company the media buying thing.

So. you're you're in good hands, but Hello, Matt, by the way. Hi, Matt, nice to see you have new glasses now, and you're not wearing your Shades. Yeah. Oh, man, I don't think you ever saw that Michael.

That was a rough couple weeks my glasses broke and I I didn't have a backup here. So I had to wear sunglasses all the time that were prescription. It was is Goofy. But glad we're back in business. These are actually shiny though.

Match it up to one of our calls. It is like I don't mean to offend you but and I'm not hungover. I swear. What are you talking about? Like?

Oh wait. I'm an alcohol recovery coach I get it. Anyways, so Christian last week you let me go first. So I'll extend the courtesy to you if you wanted to start off with your questions, and then I can go after. um, yeah well I'm happy to go we can go first you you go first.

Okay? so Matt we have so basically you remember when we started the ads. And the Facebook's algorithm because I guess it had approved the older video for Tanya, right? It just played that even though I did make the change. So I did try to make the change again, and I don't know if if it's taking or like in in some places like Instagram, I see the new video playing however if I share my screen with you.

I want to show you what is happening in terms of cost per click. So I'm sorry. My internet is really bad here. So you're gonna have to give me a second. but basically the cost per click for two of the ads is like four dollars and five dollars.

which is pretty bad, but this is from like from last week, right? So I was looking at numbers for last week, which is from Friday till today. So you see like These two ad sets brene Brown and queen and sober right they have from last week 48 clicks and then 79 clicks and the CPC here is 1.47 as an average, which is good. But when you go into the ads Andy 73 clicks Andy again 45 clicks, but then Tanya three and six and then here's the cost of 4.35 and 3.04. So is this too are we just like losing money on this?

And should we do something different or what do you suggest? so comparing both of Tanya's videos to both of Andy's videos we can see the pattern is Facebook. Just yeah, it isn't giving as much attention to Tanya because that click cost is high right. It's like more than double what we're seeing with Andy so because that's the case on both if it were, you know, one of the Tanya videos was doing well. Then it might be a different case.

But in this case, they're both, you know three to four dollar cpcs, so Basically, we can just determine Andy's videos the best so we should run with Andy's video. So what that is that? That in the middle of the drinking one. Here tonya's video is doing better than Andy fifty and this is from last week. So this is August 26th till today.

So 52 clicks for tiniest video 39 clicks for Andy's video. CPC is still a little bit High here, but like, you know Click-through rate is 2% which is which is what we want, right? So how is it that this ad set is doing well and the other two are like on the complete opposite direction. All right. So in the the ad set section here tell me which one is which.

Like which one is Tanya's video doing poorly on? So this that's a is the brene brown Oprah female entrepreneurship. and And he's a link clicks are 73. Tanya's the ones that that's broken here is six link clicks that's just outside here. And then the second one which is clean and sober plus non-alcoholic beverages.

This one is also same thing three clicks here 45 over here. Okay and real quick, let's click into this ad if you hit the edit. Button, let's see what it looks like inside. Sorry slow internet. All good.

Okay, so when this video loads I just want to make sure it is. Okay. So it's the right video. It's not doing any that weird stuff where like replaced it with the older video. Well, that's the thing add it still showed this video each time.

I would go and look in the outside even though Jackie she's here in the call. She would send me screenshots of the old video. That was still playing even though here it would say that it's the new video and but then on Instagram I saw the new one versus the old one. So I'm just like I'm just wondering if like from the word go her ads were botched because of the old video and US thinking it's the new one and then changing it later and but the ad set has already been seasoned a little bit based on the performance of the older video. So I guess the question is should we duplicate this ad set and run it again and close the Or duplicate just these ads and then run them again in the same asset or however you see fit.

Let's scroll down a little bit. So this one is in a a draft state. So what that means is something is changed on here. Let's just check the copy real quick. Make sure that looks all normal and it could just be that it didn't publish all the way.

I see that every once in a while. So either zoom in there where you can scroll down a little bit to see the the copy a little bit over to the left. Perfect. Okay. Yeah, I mean doesn't look different than when we set that up to me.

Yeah, you're a little bit more familiar with the copy. So if you don't see anything has changed there then I I think what's going on is this ad didn't fully publish. Sometimes there's like errors where it looks like it published all the way but Facebook didn't actually do it. So just as a rule of thumb when you publish an ad or like update an ad and hit that green publish button check back, you know, 10 20 30 minutes later. Just a double check that it did go all the way through that's one habit that I've gotten into.

See and stuff like this. So let's go ahead and just hit the the publish button there. Okay, cool, so that confirmation you All the way through. Yeah, let's double check that other AD. I think it might be in a pending State as well with a draft.

A publishing any significantly keep the asset and learning phase longer because judges had published here, too. Yeah, do it and that warning it's not a big deal. Facebook just like to tell you not to mess with stuff too much. Okay, okay. Okay, so we got the green light on both of these.

Yeah, and what we'll want to talk about the two ad sets. Yes, sorry, go ahead. Go ahead. Yeah. So one thing we'll want to talk about is so you can either note down today that Those ads fully went through the publishing process like just jot down the date, you know, September 1st.

Whatever time it is in your time zone to keep a record or what we can do is we can just restart the ad set and that's what I typically like to do just to get a clean break and then start, you know getting the new data. So it's up to you. However, you want to do it Some people prefer one way or the other but I'd recommend we just restart these. So are we gonna do trouble shoot that now or are we scheduling a different call for that? Yeah, let's do it.

Anyway, it's a pretty pretty quick thing. So, all right grab just click on the the ad set name there interest Renee Brown and then hold the I think if you're on Windows, it's a controller or Add or asset can add set yeah. Can I say one thing? Yeah, why did you pick brene Brown? But I don't know man that happened like a month ago.

Do you if you change now is it like not gonna work with what's going on? Just because Glenn and Doyle is very close, but she's actually a recovering alcoholic. I feel like it's a way better audience and brene brown. Matt what do you suggest? Can we can we make that edit now?

That's what she talks about in her work. Yeah, I'm not familiar with this person specifically. What we find a lot of times in what we ran into when we were setting things up is a lot of the people like the influencers that we wanted to Target. They they're essentially too small for Facebook to allow us to Target them so we can take a look, but it's probably going to be that case unless she's really I remember we went through that. Yeah, did you check hers Glennon Doyle?

Because they do work together sometimes and she's blown off over the last couple years, but she actually good. Anyway, yeah, I mean it doesn't hurt to take a look. So if you just want to click in and then type her name and to detailed targeting section. Oops, so that's just that's the little name edit thing. Okay, so detailed targeting.

? Interest So, how do you spell their name babe Jackie? Glennon g l e n n o let me go to Instagram. I'll be oh and DIY g l e n n o n D o y l e she's two million followers on Instagram. Okay.

hopefully my slow slow interwebs in computer complies to this request. Yeah, man. This is a oh, there you go. g l e and yeah, this is just sorry guys. Yeah, we can.

Okay put in her last name first so comes up. I've written it now. Let's see if it took and if it doesn't work this time, then I'd rather just reset our ad set and then look at this later when I have better bandwidth. Yeah. like I can't wait to be back in North America and it's like this country is amazing.

But can't okay. I can't deal with this. All right, so Matt, we will look at that later. So here I'm gonna select the ad sets all three. So what are we doing next?

Yeah, so the the second one they're drinking if that one it it's the one that Tanya's videos doing okay in so we won't yeah. Yeah, we'll just let it run. So go ahead and unselect drinking hold control. Let's see. So are you doing shift or is it like command on your side doing?

s***. Okay. There's such a quick control click. Okay, got the two. Beautiful.

Okay, so that little three dot menu there just hit duplicate. quickly duplicator duplicate quickly that just removes one step takes out an extra click for us. Okay. and now we so let's click in there. Okay, it's just the reels error that we saw last time.

That's totally fine. Yeah, it should turn yellow and then we're good. So Let's just publish these hit that green button in the the bottom, right? Well, I want of six. Okay, that's important.

Okay. Yeah. All right. So let's turn the other the original two off. So if you hit the X in the top left, that'll take us back to the ad sets.

Yeah. so these two are new because there's no data, right? Yeah, you got it. So this one and this one I should turn off. Yeah, the two with data just hit the blue off button.

On the ad set level right? You got it. Yeah. Okay. Alrighty, so we've got two clean ad sets.

We've got the ads with the the correct video. So you guys shouldn't see any more okay of the old video for sure. So if you see something like that, let us know on the next traffic call, but came pretty much guarantee. It's all set. Okay, if you guys do if you look up in detailed targeting and you do find that other influencer, that's awesome.

Just add them in. I wouldn't even remove Brunei just because Right. Now you've been getting some pretty cheap click costs with her as as one of the targets. So it's just gonna expand your pool a little bit of audiences. So, that'll be great.

But everything looks good from from the traffic call side. Like if you can average little bit over a dollar that's really healthy. That looks good, man. How's the the rest of the funnel looking for you? Rest of the funnel is I mean we've made I think two significant edits to the headlines on both the landing page and the sales page.

The opt-in rate is not 20% Here, I'll share my screen once more quickly. and so this is the week over week data that we have the first week was 287 clicks 36 opt-ins 214 clicks 36 opt-ins and this week 217 clicks thirty five options. But today is still going on and I feel like We may have our last one was. two hours ago So that's what is going on. here cool, so a little bit over 60% the yeah for this week.

But this is the main number that I'm happy about that 40% of the people that clicked. So these 35 opt-ins 40% of them hit play on the video and we got unique years that's double from last week. So that's that's one positive. But yeah, like I would love to know one suggestion that I had was that Andy's video the one that is currently playing is With him being at three three weeks alcohol free. And then there's one from him when he reached a year alcohol-free the one that is for the year.

I feel might attract because we were saying that you know, this is for you to stay sober and make your sobriety stick and you know long-term all that. So having someone who says yo, I've been sober for a year. I think what psychologically be like, okay. I really need to watch this video versus someone who says. Oh, yeah.

I've been sober for three years or three weeks and I've never done that. Last 15 or 20 years, it's still very significant. But our target audience typically can get to a week or two on their own because they're trying actively to stop but then keep Relapsing that's our target audience. So from that perspective. I mean, I have the video ready to go.

I just don't want to mess with Andy said because it's getting us all all of our all of our clicks. So what do you what do you feel? I mean it's still in learning phase. That's the other thing but that are ad sets are still in learning phase. But I feel like every time you do an edit it then goes back into learning phase.

Anyways, no. That's correct. Yeah, and there is some debate as to whether learning phase relieve in affects performance. I'll tell you I've run a lot of media on Facebook and honestly, like when it comes out of learning phase I I don't really see big improvements. So for me, I I edit if I need to edit and I don't worry about you know, what Facebook is telling me.

Was learning face stuff. So I'll let to say I wouldn't sweat that what you can do is take this new video of Andy and just pop it into all three ad sets is a new ad and what Facebook is gonna do is it's gonna send a little bit of traffic to all three and then it's gonna sort of narrow down which one's performing best is in terms of like views view times click throughs all that stuff and it's gonna start to run with with what it's seeing is the highest performer so you can hit those of you their video. You got it. Yep, and over the next week or two. You're gonna see hopefully you'll see one of those kind of pull ahead whether it's the current control, which is Andy's video or if it's Andy video number two, and then you can kind of From there decide if you want to continue that route, so it'll give you a little bit of data if like if Andy story's crushing it, maybe get him on another interview, you know, get some more creative from him.

And if not, you can go some other other ways with it. Well, the other way is that I've been doing one minute reels and I've been doing really well. So that's that's something that we could try just like me as the coach thing. Hey, I'm you know, and there's like today I did another one that's doing well and I'm getting organic opt-ins from the right set up an organic funnel completely separate domain and everything. And those one minute reels are doing pretty well so we could try that.

The other thing I was wondering was that instead of setting up a third. Add do you think actually it wouldn't be able to test I was thinking that for one of the ad sets we can just change and these video from three weeks to the year one and see like if that changes performance but I feel like it's better to just add a third ad that's in the exact same thing just different video and go, okay. Yeah, you got that right for sure done today then. Yeah, and the idea there is we just want like right later separations between ads you. Yeah, and we haven't even gotten around to testing our other copy yet.

It's just just been this one call. But I mean it's working. So I Are not I mean we do want to we do like is there anything else we can try at this point to get our opt-in rate above 20% Michael because I know you mentioned that you know, 20% is where it needs to be at the very least or do you suggest we keep tweaking the the headlines instead of doing something with that? If anything, I mean, if you're happy with the 16 point, whatever it cuz the people that are clicking are actually watching the video then that works too. So you tell me.

um yeah, so mmm This is where well just generally speaking. If you want to opt them if you're not happy with the number, you test it against something else. So 16% 16.2 16.8. It's close to 20 that's telling me that. okay, the the message is is congruent with the audience, you know, if you want to try to make that better, then you can start doing things like optimizing the Opt-in page.

I think you added some bullets to it right already the ones you approved. Yeah from last week. Yeah, so that make it better or worse. I mean the opt-in rate is the same. It's just a viewership is doubled.

so I would say yeah that the points because I think the points were put in like John said that we need to put these points in so that we can get more viewership right because When we looked at the numbers at a certain time, it was posted 19 or 20% But now when I'm the the Friday the Thursday breakdown the Friday the Thursday breakdown is showing If I go from like Saturday to Sunday or Saturday to Friday, I feel like that number will go up because we have some days where we get a lot of opt-ins and some days like today yesterday today. We got seven already yesterday. We had one right? So that's yeah. All you can do is change headlines man.

I try to optimize and try different headlines and you have to be careful that I mean Matt will tell you you still have to make sure that it's congruent with the ad and that it's also congruent with the sales page because you don't want to you start killing that 40% that you got, you know what I mean? So I if you want to try to get more than if you want to try to double it from 20 to 40 percent. It's headlines man. It's the messaging. It's the just make sure that you're sticking with your your big idea your thesis statement.

Oh, you know I'm gonna wait for you to I think headline is fine right now. Like I have one more idea we can test but I send it to you and then if you approve it based on our For primary promise and big idea, then we can make that tweak to for now. I think I'm going to change this Andy's video and see if that has if that makes a difference and then we'll Come back to it $350 later next week. Yeah. So yeah, that's cool man what I'd like you to do though.

now that you're see once you start getting in the testing phase. It's like Matt and John are like that's that's what they do all day long and you know what I'm saying? They're constantly testing creatives and ads and copy and this and that. and so, um, you know At this point, you know, your message is good you I'm sorry, you know your headline is good. It's it's I mean the hit your idea is good right if you want to start.

Optimizing things check with those guys. Those are the guys to check with. But I mean if you're asking me what I would do. I would I think I would probably test another headline at the same time. as long as Matt and John were cool with it.

You know because 20% if you could get it to 40% now you're getting twice as many people to your sales page for the same price, right? and 40% opt-in rate is not ridiculous when you have I mean that's not crazy high or anything. It's at a we see that a lot. As long as it's a compelling idea and it's compelling headline and it's it's not hard to achieve. So, I don't know I you're cool with that, right Matt running another headline as long as it's sticking with the same idea.

Yeah to go along with that like looking at your your ad stats. They're they're very healthy like little bit over a dollar on the click cost 2% or or above on the click through rate is is good. So like if I'm looking at your entire funnel here, the ads are good. The next stage that really needs to dial in a little bit more is exactly like you're you guys are touched on that that opt-in page which is mostly driven by the headline. So that should be like Focus number one right now.

Like Andy's video could help a little bit or it may not you know, but it's even if you add it in it's probably not gonna be a total Game Changer whereas the the landing page could be For sure. So Michael, do you want me to send you an email with some ideas and we can yeah sure there and yeah, that's fine. Because I feel like I want to kind of focus it now on are you struggling to stay sober like do you are you genuinely like? Okay. I need to quit this thing and then you keep relapsing.

Here's what we can do for you. I think we should try and try that and see if if things change. Okay, that's what I've been doing with Organic thing and like I've been like it's been sitting really well the messaging so, okay, that's testing too man. That's testing too that's doing research. Okay, so sounds good.

Yeah, let's take advantage of that. Great. Okay, so I'll put some some stuff together and send it over to you and then we'll go from there for now. I'll just make this one edit and throw that. I'm just curious to see like how if it does make a difference then how what kind of difference it makes since we're spending the money might as well.

I my God says that it might do something. So we'll we'll see Christian. Thanks so much for letting me go first again, and I'll leave it all for you know, and thank you. See, I'm very examine. Good luck with everything.

We have and thank you our jacket guys. Thanks guys. Bye. Christian, how can we help brother? Oh.

well I don't know. Do you know well do I need to give you like a briefing of everything or something? Yeah, kind of an overall. Like what you're facing what what you're trying to work on right now would be great. Okay, so Last time when we were on the call with Michael and Paul like we were talking about two different things and like there's two different options right now that we we have because what happened is we started with the minimum viable funnel into the opt-in page to the vsl.

and that got like a couple sales for like $600, but when I'm selling is like $27, so You know so far I'm spending your way too much money to get sales. If I'm gonna be like at this low price and whatever. Um, so we changed it a few things and long story short. We we went to straight to the vsl page. Then we had them watch Joseph ESL and that was in converting enough for it to make it profitable.

So we were like, okay, let's make it hybrid vsl and long form. And then that didn't really just make things better. So right now I'm just trying to figure out like because it's been thinking about this and you know, a lot of times like, you know, I'll just take something and be like, okay, let's test this and and you know, just try it but I'm just trying to figure out like, how can we like You know make the testing like more. I don't know just I guess it's bugging me that I'm just like spending so much money on testing and it keeps on not working and I'm trying to figure out okay, it's very way for it to like. you know make more sense like just Let's say making more effective like testing right?

Because at this point like for us, there's two things and you know, we're supposed to ask John so I don't know but I guess you can answer. Um, usually when we do a 27 dollar product something that's like low priced I guess the general rule is to go straight to the vsl page. That's what Todd says or whatever like, you know, whenever it's like under $67. I believe you do like straight to the actual sales page, right? So no opt-in.

And right now I have like 12,000 different things in my head that I'm like. Oh maybe you've had you this it'll change maybe if I do that like because the two options that we discuss like in between like John was just saying, okay. Well right now nothing is working with the keywords. You're using just try different targeting right? Because if you try different targeting maybe you'll find the actual targeting that actually works.

So that's one one thought and the other one is like, okay. Well, let's go back to minimum viable funnel. Where with the optane into a sales page? so we can actually like tell what like Because for all we know at this point, like maybe two things I already traffic sucks, right the traffic is not the right traffic for the message. Or whatever the message is not resonating and we don't know which one it is, right, so we don't know what the problem is.

Still even after testing and and so doing the testing straight to the vsl the way we've done it like doesn't give us any data. That is like solid that tells us like, okay. Is this like You know is the message work or does the message not work, you know? Quick question for you when you were running direct the vsl like that. Was the like did the checkout pop-up under the vsl like after a certain amount of time or did they go to another page for the the check out?

And the checkout was another page. Okay. So that's a way that we can kind of gauge how well that message was doing. Do you remember numbers or like? Any sort of percentage on how many viewers of the vsl to the cart page?

Yeah, so what happened? Is that once we ran straight to the ESL? / well, wait, which test are you talking about? Because we've done like four tests so far. Okay, like minimum viable funnel.

Right standard opt-in to vsl with the button popping up when the prices is coming out. Right when I say the price then the next step we did was just straight to vsl. Right just stay same thing as a previous. We just remove the opt-in page. Then next step we've done is just you know going to the hybrid hybrid page right vsl and long form.

And in this case, the button was already bad the very beginning. Of you know, right as you get to the page the button is right under the video one of the main things that we changed after that from test number three to test number four is removing the button from right under the video and they would have to scroll down to actually get to the next page. So When we had the button right under the video. The message was technically converting because people would click the button and go to the into the cell to check out page. Right but then we removed that button and of course like the the visits to check out dropped because the button wasn't right under the video.

They had to scroll down all the way down, you know to see the actual button. So but either way right here. The problem on test three was that people were getting to check out but nobody was buying so the sales were were low, right? And then the other one, you know, the test for nobody is going to check out page. And so now we have all this data that is just basically conflicting and it's like, you know, which one do you look at like because maybe like the guess was like, oh when the button was right under the video people were qualified and just going to sell Spade to check out page and not buying because there are there were unqualified.

They maybe if they came into the page, they didn't even watch the video or even read the message. You just clicked to see the price or something even though the price is on the button. so yeah, so at this point like I feel like, you know all this like testing that we've done so far like like I feel like we don't have like any solid solid data to just make good decisions. to a certain extent, you know, and and so I just want to be a little smarter about like Okay, how are you gonna just work this out. So it's like we can make decisions with the data that we're getting like make solid decisions like you know, because at the end of it all like I think it's all a guess right like as a media buyer like probably to you A lot of times.

It's a guess. You guess and you're like, oh I bet this is gonna work and then you test it and it doesn't work. Oh I bet that is gonna work and then you test it doesn't work. But how can we like just guess less and just make it more, you know, just Based on data, so would it be better? To go back to minimum viable funnel where we can actually like, you know, get better data somewhat by just looking at okay, how much of the video is have?

They watched how much how many options that we did we get because the problem when you remove the opt-in page is that people like are not as qualified when they get to to the sales page and so Whereas that which also the conversions can't be that they you know, I can't have the conversion set up as a lead. And so I'm thinking that there is also screwing up Google or whatever the ad platform is right like because I don't know. I'm guessing that if if you just optimize for leads you're getting feedback quicker, right? Like if I if I spend $100 and I get like 20 leads Let's say just just more. I don't even know the numbers, right but 20 leads Google is gonna be like, oh you spend all that money and then these people these 20 leads are the people we need to go after right.

But now if I spend like a hundred dollars and I get zero sales or one sale like the I'm guessing like it's not optimizing yet. Right like it's not really optimizing anything because there's nothing to optimize for because there's no conversions. And so if I go straight for the cell Like I feel like I have to spend like maybe like just throw a thousand dollars out to just be like, okay. Let's see if I get any sales and maybe if I do get some sales because from Google found something then it'll optimize but with leads it starts uptimizing earlier. and so and I don't know because I'm not like a media buyer or whatever.

Like I don't I don't, you know, I'm not super techy about this but to me. Like I'm guessing. because Ultimately also when we do from obtain to vsl and we switched to straight to vsl, we're changing model, right? We're changing the model. Right.

It's kind of like changing from vsl to webinar. Or something like that into a certain extent. Is it or not? Really? Yeah, I I think I get what you mean.

I don't think it's changing the entire model because you're still running this the exact same BSL. You're just taking that first step out of the equation. So it's still the same model. Question for you when you ran with the opt-in? What sort of opt-in rate did you have?

17% 16% okay, so if I were you you unpacked a lot of data for me, the first thing that stands out is if you had a 16 17% opt-in trying to get that higher just like you said Google optimizes for leads a lot faster than purchases, you know, just because not many people purchase compared to how many people opt in so that's kind of metric number one like when you have a complex funnel with a lot of moving pieces you have to start as small as you can and and really dial in that first step before you can move on to the next right like 16 to 17 percent is okay. But if you had doubled that to let's say like 35. You could get twice as many people into the funnel and it could change your economics pretty drastically. Right? Does that make sense?

So I totally get just removing the opt-in sometimes that can be the right choice, especially on you know, lower ticket products that have a pretty high conversion rate, but I'd say If you weren't past, you know 16 or 17 percent you may be able to dial in that message more there before moving on to worry about like the vsl part that make sense. Okay. Okay, so then then just go back to doing the opt-in to ESL. And just trying to get that opt-in rate higher. Right, that's gonna be like the tightest feedback loop that you can have right because you don't have to wait for a purchase.

You just test that message on the option rate and just do it as many times as you need to till we get something that that really pops and once it does then you can kind of move to that next stage of the funnel. That's my Really overarching advice from here and everything. What do you think anything Stand Out Michael? I yeah, what was the last message that John sent you Christian? What did he ask you to do John did he just told me?

To to just try different targeting. To change the targeting. Because you're going straight to the sales page. Yeah here, let me let me. show you I just can't remember that that's all you see that right here.

Yeah. so here coverage metrics yeah, so Okay, the keywords are. We are using. Our phrase match and exact match variations of play guitar. So they'll be plenty of long tail keywords in there.

looking period all the data 0.7. CTR not great, but they're getting clicks. So either people are not the right people for this offer. Or the pages aren't converting. So that's what we that either either the either the page isn't converting or you got it's not the right people.

So testing another Channel. Is always an option? I'd look at removing keywords ads group and test some musical equipment guitar related audio. So he's he's talking about trying a different audience. for the Right because like you're like you're saying it's it's either the message or the people.

Yeah, and but the thing is like maybe we need to try in a different audience for sure. But like should we try to different audience with this set of the way it is? Or with the with the opt-ins and stuff, you know because and then if we do do look up different audiences like there's 12 billion ways to just Target an audience on Google right? Like I can literally just be like, oh people that visited that website people that visited their website. I could set up probably like a thousand five hundred different like ad group.

So whatever and then which one do I do then if I do do that because like just keywords. I was just looking right here. I just looked up like keywords from one of my competitors websites and these are like the most The average monthly searches and whatever and then verse competition high and low. Does it doesn't make sense to just choose like keywords specifically because the competition is lower anything like that. Do you know Matt?

But you're muted man. Or something we couldn't hear might have hit this. I got like a mute on the mic. I probably hit. All right, so if I'm setting up a keyword campaign I don't look at at the competition really the only things that I'm looking at is does this convert for me, right?

Okay, so and usually we do that by looking at the the cost. So like if you click into your keywords, it tells you the cost for each and so depending if you're going for leads or for purchases. Usually it'll be two to three times that kpi if you spend that much and it hasn't done the you know, hit the conversion at least one then we turn it off. So that's kind of the the overarching way that we narrow down on keywords typically. as kind of a more broad piece of advice typically I will I'll prefer to keep Audience targeting constant when I'm doing a lot of funnel changes just because like changing both at the same time.

You kind of get into multivariate testing. Right. So if you can do like just audiences keep the funnel the same and if if you crack something that works better in audiences, then you turn that into your new control and then you can kind of work on the funnel some more. So it's not to say that you can't do both at the same time. It's that things get complex, you know kind of how you're touching on there's tons of targeting options tons of things you can do in the funnel and sometimes when you're doing both things get a little bit crazy.

You don't know necessarily what made the difference when there's so many changes going on. Does that make sense? Okay. So in this game, let me ask them out a quick question. If I'm if I'm going to try to to find an audience.

to validate an audience with this are you saying that it's better to do that with an opt-in page or this sales page? For the fastest feedback definitely opt-in page, of course. At the end of the day, we want dollars in the bank, right? That's like the the throughput metric that we really want. But sometimes we do have to go for the opt-in rate.

To test things quicker and easier without spending, you know tens of thousands of dollars just going for purchases. So it's kind of the the intermediary step that helps us dial in audience stuff before we can can really dial in the The Funnel and go for purchases and that like ultimate throughput metric. Okay. So so for next time like thing to learn is like okay before you just remove the opt-in page just make sure the message it really is dialed in. Yeah, that's a good rule of thumb.

and when you when you are testing audiences just make sure you don't make too many big broad sweeping changes in the funnel or vice versa. If you're testing a lot in the funnel try to keep that audience stuff. as as controlled as possible the same that you'd had it before just so you don't kind of get so much conflicting advice and like so much data that it's really hard to know. What was really making those changes and stuff? Okay, that makes sense.

And so in this case since like for all the tests in that we've done so far. It looks like the first control that we had was the best one. Right? So like the opt-in page of ESL just the vsl with the button later. That was the best, you know out of all of them so far.

It looks like because every changes that we've made to the funnel and then we optimized on like the ad or whatever as well. We optimized like on the keywords and and all that. It looks like whatever we did made things worse, right? So. Then I should start with the with the original control that that did.

Okay, right? There was an optic page and a vsl only. Yeah, okay. So yeah, I would start over that then, okay. You got it.

Yeah, take the best funnel combination take your your best combination of audience targeting and the the highest performing ads usually in terms of click-through is going to be best since we want volume. And then start there. It's kind of like your new base your foundation and then you can start testing either targeting. or funnel stuff Okay. and so now like sometimes the ad like depending on which campaign I had it on like the the ad that I'm that I picked at the end.

because you hear me show you actually this if you don't mind. Yeah for sure. This no. This one so this ad right here. Oh this ad right here was my best performing ad in in previous campaigns, but now there's your rate.

It's like you're still showing your inbox. So you may just need to switch. Oh my what is showing up? I'm still there and the inbox, my bad. Okay, see this.

Yeah. Um, yeah, so Okay, I turned it off, right? Yeah. so I don't know why these are like right here. Let me just show you this right here hook one this one right here.

Is was my best performing ad so we we never did down we had like six ads at first and then we figured out that this one was the one that was always favored by Google right? So they sent most of traffic there The Click free raids and the view rate was pretty good on the previous campaigns, but around this one. It just totally sucked right and so That was driving straight to the sales page. But before in previous tests, this was doing better like this. This was having like 20% view rates and like a one and one to two percent click through rate.

Which on Google that's good. Right? So 20% anything usually above 1% click through is going to be pretty solid for YouTube. Yeah, and so right now the metrics of this ad looked terrible technically, so should I still go with this ad anyway, because like through all the other dollars that I spend like it it turned out that this one was the best one in general. Yeah, if historically it's been the best ad and you just had like this one off weird low performance situation.

I would still go with it. Yeah, so then I would set up an ad with just this this one ad. Just this is the the keywords that we've used the ad set. So the only thing that we've done right here, we we did exact phrase match. Is this one exact phrase match or is is that um Yeah in in the brackets in the brackets that exact phrase match.

or so there's there's two things there's like phrase and then there's exact. So like phrase is oh, yeah inside the brackets and then exact is the I believe it's the quotations. I don't use those a whole ton. But yeah. The quotations is exact.

Okay. So this is phrase matchmen, right? Correct. Yeah. And we just changed this.

phrase match so to hear the main phrase match keyword is just play guitar right on this one. And maybe maybe like what if like just the problem is that the keyword just sucks like playing guitar version? Real quick. So I got those mixed up. So when it's got nothing on it, that's broad when it's got the quotations it's phrase and when it's got the parentheses it is exact.

Yeah, so this one is exact. So that just means someone can only type exactly play guitar. No other words. No other order. It's got to be just that so I mean like maybe that's really not the best keyword to do exact match right because play guitar like I don't know who who types play guitar on Google.

Like probably a lot more people than we'd ever imagine, but it wouldn't hurt to make it a phrase instead of an exact. so instead of having the parentheses, we could just swap it to the quotations that could get you a little bit more volume and all you know, some people that maybe typing just play guitar not how to play guitar or So yeah, so that's the difference is if we change it to a phrase match the one with the quotations. It'll like if someone searches how to play guitar that will still like our ad will still show for that phrase. But if it's like this and they type in how to play guitar, it won't show up because it it's just showing to people who type in play guitar exactly. So so far though what we did like before we had phrase match which is was this and we had the one in quotations like which was a no what this this one is phrase match which one is phrase match that's exact.

Right? So they have that one's exact. Yeah, go ahead and just edit that type in exactly wrong at the very start exact match. Okay, so this is exact match. And then we had phrase match and exact match always performed better than phrase match.

Okay, so it sounds like you tested that if that's the case man, I would go where the data is telling you so I would just keep it how it is with the exact match. Okay. But then like now now he was saying in John was saying like I tried different keywords. so should I Like like a tar equipment or something like that. I think yeah, sorry equipment.

He was saying stuff like that. And then Teddy the other day was saying like, oh think about like what they would look for like, for example, I could beginner guitar player might look for something like how to tune a guitar but an advanced guitar player won't really think about like, oh, how did you talk? Because I mean I never look up how to tune the guitar because I know how to tune it. and so like I was thinking like I started making like this this list. Right here of like hard chords and I know that like people are looking for B chord on guitar like or you know, F chord and stuff like that.

We're more advanced, you know, it's kind of like Just a marketer looking for. You know conversions or something like that, you know if somebody is looking up how to set up my conversions on Google ads, you know, they're already running ads, you know. right We're not like told me when we're not totally like. You know brand new, you know. Yeah, I think chords could be a great one.

But then I have all these keywords and social should I put all these keywords or just test one of the keywords or like? Okay, let me give you kind of an overarching way to. To do some audience testing here. So I would keep it to keywords because overall like out of all the targeting types keywords is typically one of the the best ones that you can get good data without spending a whole ton typically so stick with keywords. And you may want to try.

Let's say three to five keyword groups. So let's keep play guitar since that one was your best performer before? I would add in a second ad group. Or or you could split it in into a new campaign that maybe just the easiest structure wise and do all these keyword chord keywords. So you'll have maybe a third one that is guitar equipment like I don't know it, you know, whatever it is.

Yeah how to set up a capo or whatever it is. Yeah, so that that could be a third group is like some sort of equipment related to playing guitar that not like a total beginner would would look up. So I have three different groups, right? So one that's like a play guitar, you know. And that would be just my one ad set right?

Right, you know it may be easiest to do a whole separate campaign because what happens if you stick those all into the same campaign Google will like they'll choose one and like neglect the other. Yeah. So what I do, yeah. Yeah, what I like to do is if things Yeah. And then you can keep the budget as as low as you want on each of those to like total up to the amount.

You would spend on one campaign. Got you. So three campaigns one. That's the same play guitar. Yeah, and that'll be your control since that one did the best you're trying to beat that one?

And then with the others the equipment might be good and the cords might be good keywords. And then you could if if neither of those work, you could just try some other keyword groups that are you know, similar just turn the old ones off and make new campaigns. So when I do keywords group then so there's again like in parentheses in in the brackets. That's a exact correct. Right.

Yep brackets are exact and and the quotations are phrases is phrase. Yeah, so I would I would lean more towards phrase. like just because if someone types in F7 chord guitar Instead of guitar chord you want to show up for that because it's basically the same thing just the wording is kind of swapped around well, but then we'll will it all so just include like F7 because if somebody could be looking up F7, but play piano, right? So we wouldn't want to include those kind of keywords. Gotcha.

I hadn't considered that. Yeah, you you definitely want guitar in that case. Yeah, so because here I only selected things that had guitar in there too, you know. Yeah, because I was thinking and then so in this case then I would do exact match for each one of these so I would add brackets to all of them. right Correct.

Yep. Okay, so it is exact match so brackets is exact match. And so then I would do all of them with brackets. right And and that this entire all of these like these 30 or so keywords, that would be my one chord group, right? Yep, that's your core group.

And then you'll do another group with as many keywords. This makes sense. Are are you using a keyword tool for looking these up or are you just kind of coming up with them off? You're not just keep our planner? Okay.

But right here, for example, there was this one that I was doing and that's looking at keywords that my competitor that show up on my competitors website, right? So should I do another brand another test keyword test that is just those keywords kind of thing. Because like if I take like these keywords. Oh, no. You just need an H there.

Oh, yeah. I think it's going sometimes. Most of the time there you go. Boom. So right here, you see these all these like keywords and you know.

I would go from the wait. Oh, yeah. From the highest to do into the lowest right like search volume. Yeah, that's fine. Tons of people hundred thousand to a million.

That's a lot of folks. So yeah, you could do one. That's just like Top guitar keywords like these. Take you know, the the top five or ten there. Should I go up that like, you're not good until a thousand to 10,000 or should I stay right here?

I would just stick to the top five or ten. Yeah, you don't have to do them all. Together. Yeah, you'll get most of the volume that way and you don't want to go. To like have too many keywords because then it's just gonna take more money to put some sort of budget behind all them.

So then guitar with chords, this one would be good for me guitar tablet. I don't think that would be as targeted because I'm like why every talking about tablet? And then guitar that would that will be just less. I don't Target it right guitar electric. It's not what I'm going for so that I shouldn't pick it.

guitar pentatonic scales that's for people that are interested in lead guitar. So I shouldn't pick this one or scales. guitar scales guitar chords beginners easy chords on guitar because some of these right here like I don't know if it would be as targeted. Yeah, I mean if it doesn't align with your offer like it all don't do it. But if there's like some sort of you know tangential relationship.

Where it's close enough? Yeah run with those. Well, I get yeah, I guess somebody's looking for pentatonic scales. They already know how to play. Yeah.

So just try one with like so five main keywords, right? Yeah, five to ten is plenty here. 5 to 10 and should I put all of these then for the for the chord ones? since we're like Yeah, those are really targeted like they're exact. So and I doubt the volume is crazy high so I would run like yeah, so if the volume for like Yeah, low volume like very specific.

You can do more keywords. If it's more General like guitar and guitar scales, you know, those are huge. So do less five to ten Maybe. Okay, so I'm gonna do play guitar thing the the chords thing and then the general. top keywords with five to ten and then just a general guitar gear, right?

Yeah. It's a good setup. And then what you want to do is go ahead first. Yeah you go. Yeah, so you'll just want to keep an eye on those and if neither one of the new two groups that you're setting up or two campaigns if neither one beats play guitar, which is your control then you want to try other stuff.

so usually you can tell like if you're if your lead cost is $10, for example, if you spend, you know, 10 times your lead cost you spend a hundred bucks and it's not beating your control. Then you can typically just move on to the next keyword group and and keep testing that until one beats your control. Does that make sense? So you keep on testing until maybe the control. Well so far like yeah, the control is not doing too well with this latest funnel.

So so then then comes my question, so this would be a good thing to do. The three came in the four campaigns or whatever with like different targeting. that that is definitely like either like the what I'm gonna do now or the next step, but now before I even do that, should I Go back. So when do I go back to my opt-in to the vsl or or just like keep this one? That's not performing the the latest test that it's not been the page.

That's not been for performing very well. As a rule of thumb you're going to want to go with the best performer. So if what you're running right now isn't working as well as previous versions with the opt-in then I would change back to that that previous version. Okay, and we also did some slide changes on the promise and you know, we went from like oh learning you trying not and you know become a pro in 90 days to like become a pro in 10 to 15 minutes a day. Um, should we revert all these changes back to like the original like when things were working better?

I would probably test your new updated promise first. Unless you unless the other funnel is just like ready to roll then you can get some additional data on that. But I would test a new promise first because you already have data from the previous promise so you can kind of compare the two right? Like you want this fresh data with the 10 to 15 minutes a day. To compare to the old.

Okay, and then so right away. Should I start with all all these like four different campaigns into the opt-in to vsl or just do one traffic source? Which was the optimized play guitar or whatever, you know, because that was the winner lately. Technically. Yeah, so you'll have each of these keyword groups in their own campaign.

Mm-hmm, but of course all going to the the same landing page. Yeah, so but we said like we don't want to we don't want to test both the funnel and the traffic together, right? So should I just start with like one ad set that was the play because play guitar exact match. Which was the so far optimized? Ads right with the with the opportunity as hell.

in this case, you're you're safe with the You're safe with with the setup out is where where you've got the three three campaigns essentially like you're not doing a whole ton of testing on the funnel right now. You're just getting some data on if that promise beats the first promise so and the people that are gonna come through all these keywords are close enough that it I wouldn't worry about it. In this case if you were doing something like targeting URL Affinities or like URL intents where you were targeting people who like visited websites that might be different a separate scenario or like if you're targeting a broad topic then that would be more applicable in this case. You're totally good so test the three campaigns with the keyword groups and then test the the new promise on that funnel and see if that beats the old promise and then you can kind of know which promise you're gonna run from now on and then you can kind of get some some data on which group should I narrow down on to be my new audience control? Okay, sounds good.

So I'll just do the four campaigns and then into the updated promise funnel. Okay. Thank you. one thing that Teddy was talking about though as he was looking at my campaign on Friday he was saying That maybe my message is appealing to people that want to be professionals professionals. But like it's not appealing to the Regular Joe that just wants to pay guitar because he's saying like, oh I play I play drums good enough that I could be a pro, but I never wanted to really be a pro.

and he was saying that the messaging of you know of this so far when you land on my page, like let me ask you a question how like and then like focus on the world class musicians use microstatics. That just almost like makes made him think like, oh that's this is for a professional guitar players, like people that already know how to play and that want to be professional. um And so that was one of the things that he was saying. Right one of the tests that you could run. Once you've decided like which which of the promises to go with is you could do like a headline test.

Where you play around with how that is positioned? For sure. Okay. I think it's worth a shot because I do get that sort of that Vibe too. Like the the main headline is How like world-class people do it?

Whereas it sounds like you want regular Joe's that already play but aren't like Crazy good, right. Yeah. Yeah. and and also he was saying like I forget what would the exact words he was saying but Practically like so he was saying like the exact words he was saying was like instead of saying like, oh how you can use it to sound like a pro guitar player. He said like how you can use it to to sound like you've been playing for years when you've only been playing for a short time.

And that like the instead of using Pro guitar player. like right here and just kind of change the headline. So at this point since we're just kind of starting from scratch, then we should have a different try a slightly different headline still with the main big idea, but probably like trying to Target like a better, you know audience so it doesn't sound like I'm just talking about Pros or whatever like, you know, two pro professional guitar players and we make it more clear who we're talking to right Michael. Yeah. Teddy makes a pretty good point.

I like that. Like that approach. All right. Well very cool. So I'm gonna set up those from those four four campaigns with different ad sets and then I'll send you my call like different ideas for you know different headline.

Maybe that's instead of leading with like how world-class musicians we could be like how you can sound like you've been playing for decades with microstatics the secret the pros use. Yeah, right something like that. Sounds good. And all right cool. So I'll do that.

Thank you so much. I think you know, I don't know. I've just been depressed lately. I've been really depressed. but hopefully around this will this will be better because then we can and we probably should stick to just opt into via sale until we really really a hundred percent.

Sure like this is actually working out, right? I think so man. Just because it costs so much more to use purchases as your optimization event versus leads. I think it's gonna be a quicker easier tighter feedback loop to go this route. Yeah, and and don't worry dude.

Like this is all par for the course like you you're doing exactly what it takes right? So just got to keep at it. Listen, I'll say one one more thing and Matt back me up or correct me if I'm wrong. But we're going. You're shooting for like doubling your opt-in rate.

So focus on that. Like as soon as you get a hundred people to see it see your opt-in page and you know, okay only 10 people opted in. Time for a new headline. Okay, you know, you know I'm saying don't just keep Keep it because we already know what will get 16 or whatever 17% We know it'll do that. Let's try to shoot for 30, right how what it will it take to get 30 people to opt in there.

I mean 30% right, so You know you get a hundred people. Ten or at 10% Ops in time for new headline keep doing that. You know what I mean? And just in the meantime just because you know, not for testing purposes. Should I just write some sort of like email like follow up for all these options and you know, because people will obtain right Like when if I just don't follow up with them like they're not gonna buy like, yeah, you know what Hamza does you know, the guy who is who you let go first.

He has a completely different funnel running. right when people opt in he sends them emails. But the link that they click goes to that different funnel. Right. It's the same funnel.

I mean, it's the same. It's the same video same headline. It's the same thing except he doesn't let That data contaminate his minimum viable funnel. You know what I'm saying? Good idea.

Yeah. Yeah, very good idea. So that's that's something else you can do. I mean, okay, sounds good. I'll do that just because might as well just you know, if I can make some money back from testing.

Yeah Fortunes in the follow-up as they say, right and so but but the goal is still to get like the the minimum viable funnel itself. Did you 60% without counting any other stuff, correct? Okay. All right. Well, thank you guys appreciate you and we'll we'll get this this whole set up.

Okay, brother. Thank you. Thank you for the help. That's good. Thank you Christian.

Take care. Bye. Okay, man good scene again. Yeah likewise. Okay, I guess I'll see you another time.

Well, see you later. Okay, take it easy, brother.
